1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
237
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Dixon,
Senate.
theory that the rebel States were Slates in the
Union, with valid constitutions, and that their
loyal people had a right to representation in
Congress, which right was constantly acknowl-
edged, and actual representation was permitted
and invited in both Honscs of Congress.
3. That after the close of the war this theory
continued to control the action of the Govern-
ment until the passage of the reconstruction
act, so called, when the constitutional theory
was abandoned, and it was proclaimed for the
first time by the chairman of the Reconstruc-
tion Committee of the House of Representa-
tives, the acknowledged leader of that body,
that the entire legislation of Congress on this
subject was outside of the Constitution.
1 propose to take up these three propositions
in their order.
1. That the war was avowedly conducted, on
the part of the President and of Congress, on
the theory that their action was to be con-
trolled by the Constitution and that it was so
controlled.
What was the first act of President Lincoln
after the actual outbreak of hostilities by the
assault on Fort Sumter '? The first lesort was
to the Constitution, and to the law passed in
conformity with it, for instructions. In obedi-
ence to that law, and in strict compliance with
its provisions, he issued liis proclamation of
April 17, 1861, calling for seventy-five thou-
sand men to suppress the insurrection. So
careful was he to obey the injunctions of the
law that we can now scarcely repress a smile
at the almost grotesque formality of his com-
pliance with the requirement that he should
order the insurgents to disperse to their homes
within the period specified in the statute. The
timeofserviee required of the troops was limited
to the period of three months, the utmost ex-
tent allowed by the law. Having thus done
all that the Constitution and the laws per-
mitted, the President summoned Congress to
meet on the4th of July. Meanwhile, Virginia
passed her ordinance of secession, and a rebel
army approached within thirty miles of Wash-
ington, where an unsuccessful attempt was
made with the troops thus legally called out
to suppress the insurrection.
The battle of Bull Run took place on the
2:3d day of July, 1861. Two days after that
battle both Houses of Congress, with almost
entire unanimity, issued a manifesto declaring
the purposes and objects of the war in the
form of the following resolution :
"Resolved, That tho present deplorable civil war
has been forced upon the country by the disunion-
ists of tho southern States now in revolt against the
constitutional Government, and in arms around tho
capital: that in this national emergoncy Congress,
banishing all feeling of more passion or resentment,
will recollect only its duty to the whole country;
that this war is not waged, upon our part, in any
spirit of oppression, nor for any purpose of conquest
or subjugation, nor purpose of overthrowing or inter-
fering: with the rights or established institutions of
those States; but to defend and maintain tho su-
premacy of the Constitution, and to preserve the
Onion, with all the dignity, equality, and rights ol
the several States unimpaired; that as soon as these
objects are accomplished the war ought to cease.
Why was this resolution adopted? In the
House of Representatives it was offered by
John J. Crittenden, of Kentucky. In the Sen-
ate it was offered by Andrew Johnson, of Ten-
nessee. Was it the offspring of fear? Our
Army had been defeated, and our capital lay
at the mercy, as some supposed, of the rebel
invader ; yet neither in this body nor in the
House of Representatives were there any signs
of fear. Cowardice did not dictate that reso-
lution. It was a calm, deliberate expression
on the part of the nation's representatives of
the nation's purpose. It declared to the world
the theory of the war. It disavowed any purpose
of subjugation, and declared that the institu-
tions, the rights and dignity of the States were
to be maintained. To the rights and dignity
of what States did it refer? Of course the
States in which the insurrection prevailed. The
rights and dignity of no other States were in
peril. Was there, Mr. President, a single Sen-
ator voting for that resolution \nho then be-
lieved that after the war it would be repudi-
ated, and that subjugation would be avowed as
its accomplished end ? My friend from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. StmsrERj smiles. He is some-
what relieved from responsibility with regard
to it, although he did not meet it with his usual
courage. His silence, perhaps, gave consent.
Mr. SUMNER. My friend knows I did not
vote for that resolution.
Mr. DIXON. He sat in liis seat, I remem-
ber, on that occasion.
Mr. SUMNER. I refused to vote for it.
Mr. DIXON. Yes; I listened for the tones
of hk voice in vain. But, sir, it was, I think,
unanimously adopted, with the exception of
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,]
who denied the truth of the allegation that
the rebels were surrounding the capital, and
for that reason, as he stated, voted in the
negative. I shall allude again to this resolu-
tion in another part of my remarks, but I now
wish to advert to the claim sometimes made,
that necessarily its provisions were abandoned
in the progress of the war, and particularly in
the subsequent abolition of slavery. I deny
that the action of the Government on the sub-
ject of slavery was, in any respect, a depart-
ure from or a denial of the true intent and
meaning of this resolution. Slavery was
abolished by throe different proceedings, all
of which were entirely consistent with its lan-
guage. First, by the proclamation of Abra-
ham Lincoln, President of the United States,
issued in September, 1862. This proclamation
was merely a war measure, as much so as the
firing of a cannon or the explosion of a mine.
It was only as such a measure that it had any
legal effect. That this was so understood is
proved by the fact that it excepted from its
operation the States of Delaware, Maryland,
Kentucky, West Virginia, Tennessee, and all
that portion of Louisiana which was in the
actual control and possession of the Federal
power. The dignity and the rights of the slave-
holding States not in rebellion were held sacred,
and where in the rebel States the Government
had actual possession and physical power to
abolish slavery it was not abolished. Thus
far, then, slavery had only been attacked as a
stronghold of the enemy and as an act of
war. The next step in the abolition of slavery
was the liberation of the slaves in the District
of Columbia by act of Congress. To the own-
ers of these slaves full compensation was made.
The law passed for this purpose was an ordi-
nary act of legislation, which, by the express
terms of the Constitution, Congress had full
power to enact.
The next step in the progress of emancipa-
tion was the amendment of the Constitution of
the United States, by which slavery was abol-
ished in all tho States. This amendment was
proposed and ratified in the mode pointed out
by the Constitution itself, was cheerfully con-
sented to by most, if not all, of the rebel States,
and was in no respect inconsistent with the
letter and spirit of the resolution of July, 1861.
Thus it will be seen that the action of the
Government in relation to slavery was neither
in point of fact nor intention a repudiation of
that resolution. Those, therefore, who declare
that the progress of events has rendered it im-
possible to carry into full effect its meaning,
and mention as a proof of this the subsequent
abolition of slavery, entirely misunderstand
the nature and mode of that proceeding.
Secondly. I now proceed to my second prop-
osition, that the war was conducted on the the-
ory that the rebel States, so called, were States
In the Union, with valid constitutions, and with
a right on a part of the loyal people thereof to
representation, which right was constantly ac-
knowledged, and actual representation in both
Houses of Congress permitted. And here I
call your attention again to the resolution al-
ready quoted of July) 1861. That resolution
speaks expressly of the rebel States as States,
and of their dignity and rights and separate
existence. But I pass from this resolution to
another even more solemn proceeding of Con-
gress, and more conclusive as to the real in-
tentions and purposes of the Government,
inasmuch as it took the form and was clothed
with the authority of law. :1 refer to the act
passed December 81, 1862, by which: the State
of West Virginia was created from a portion
of the territory of the State of Virginia. The
Constitution provides that no new State §hall
be made from the territory of an existing State
except by its own consent. It was necessary,
therefore, before the State of West Virginia
could be formed, that the State of Virginia
should perform the most solemn and the most
important act of legislation of which we can
conceive, namely, its own subdivision and dis-
integration. The State of Virginia performed
this act; or if this fact is denied, then it follows
that the Stale of West Virginia has now no
existence. The preamble of the act of Con-
gress creating the State of West Virginia is in
the following language:
"Whereas the people inhabiting that portion of
Virginia known as West Virginia did. by a conven-
tion assembled in tho city ot Wheeling on the 26th
of November, 1861, frame for themselves a constitu-
tion with a view of becoming: a separate and inde-
pendent State; and whereas at a general election
held in the counties composing the territory afore-
said, on the 3d day of May last, the said constitution
was approved and adopted by the qualified voters of
the proposed State; and whereas the Legislature of
Virginia, by an act passed on the 13th day of May,
1862, (lid give its consent to the formation of a new
State within tho jurisdiction of the said State of Vir-
ginia, to bo knownbythenameof AVestVirginia, and
to embrace the following-named counties, to wit:"
* *  • * " And wheieas both the conven-
tion and tho Legislature aforesaid have requested
that the new State should be admitted into the Union,
and tho constitution aforesaid being republican in
form. Congress doth hereby consent that tho said
l'orty-eight countics may be formed into a separate
and independent State."
It is too late for the Government of the Uni-
ted States, or for any member of Congress who
shared in that legislation, to deny that, at that
time, Virginia was a State in the Union with a
valid constitution, with a Legislature capable of
performing any legislative act, and with a gov-
ernment as sovereign and as complete in all its
parts as that of any State in the Union. Yetre-
bellion and insurrection held a large portion of
that State in adverse possession and forcibly
excluded the Government of the United States
from the region so held. A large majority of the
people of Virginia were then rebels against the
authority of the United States, claimed to be
freed from that authority by the ordinance of
secession, and assumed to be citizens of a for-
eign government. Yet the Congress of the
United States and the President of the United
States, in spite of all this, took the correct
ground that Virginia had an existing Legisla-
ture and retained all the powers and was sub-
ject to all the duties of a State within the
Union of States.
I now pioceed to show under this head that
the Government also acknowledged the rebel
Stales to possess valid constitutions and tho
right to representation in Congress, and that
actual representation was allowed and invited
in both Houses. Without a valid State con-
stitution it is difficult to see how an act, of
legislation can be performed by the Legislature
of a State. The constitution of Virginia^ as
of every other State, defines the separate action
of each branch of the Legislature, regulates
the veto power of the Governor, and, in short,
under its directing provisions all legislation
is performed. To acknowledge, therefore,
valid legislation on the part of a Legislature
of a State is to acknowledge the validity of its
constitution, and if the constitution of Vir-
ginia was valid two years after the passage ot
the ordinance of secession and while the war
was flagrant it remains valid to this day, unless
repealed by proper authority.
I now come to the right of representation
I call to the recollection of Senators the tact
