854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
removed is because they are connected with a
certain class of men utterly unworthy who
seem to have more power and control than all
the public men of my section of the country;
and what is true there is more than true in
some other portions of the Union. The truth
about it is that since the attempt has been
made to change the political sentiments of this
people there has been a large class of men put
into the internal revenue service who are cor-
rupt and corruptible.
Now, sir, I hope that something is to be
done to correct these abuses. I believe if we
could collect the whisky tax honestly and
fairly we could reduce the duties on all the
great productive interests of the country. I
am in favor of making that experiment, as well
as cutting down all our expenses. I was glad
to hear the chairman of'the Committee on
Naval Affairs say to-day that he thought there
would not be more than twenty-five million
dollars appropriated for the Navy Department.
I have no doubt that $20,000,000 is all that
should be appropriated for that Department.
I want to see the expenses of the War Depart-
ment reduced, and we can soon reduce it if
the reconstruction policy of the country goes
on and those States are represented here.
There are great efforts now making to defeat
reconstruction everywhere and postpone it, "but
I have no faith that those efforts will succeed.
I do not wish to raise any more money than is
necessary to meet our expenditures. I am
against paying a dollar of the public, debt by
the present property or by the people of the
United States who are now living. We can
extinguish the debt in less than half a century
by taxing the increasing population and wealth
of the country, and we ought so to adjust our
taxation as to put the burden upon the increas-
ing wealth and population of the nation. The
present generation has paid more than fifteen
hundred million dollars growing out of this
civil war. It has given three hundred and
fifty thousand lives. It has shed blood and
tears enough and had sorrows and agonies
enough. Let those who are to come into the
country and those who are born in the country
hereafter and the prQperty of the country which
will be increased extinguish this debt. We
have now thirty-five million inhabitants and
perhaps twenty-five thousand millions of prop-
erty. In thirty years—the period allotted by
common consent of mankind for one of our
generations—we shall have at least seventy-five
million inhabitants and more than seventy-five
thousand million dollars. Then to pay the
present national debt will be but a light burden
upon the people or the property of the country.
Let this generation and the present property
pay the interest. Let the next generation with
its teeming millions of population and its
abounding wealth extinguish this debt incurred
for the preservation of the nation's life.
The Senator from Indiana expressed the
opinion that the rebel States were in posses-
sion of as much food as they were at any other
period of their existence. There is a great
outcry at this time, coming chiefly from rebels
and for partisan purposes. We all know that
the people of those States are poor enough—
that the people.of those States have been
blighted and blasted. The people have>raised
fair crops in portions of the southern country.
I met the other day a very eminent, gentleman
from South Carolina who was in the councils
of the country in a high position before the
rebellion. He stated that, in the uplands of
South Carolina they had a fair crop of cotton
and corn, in the central portions of the State
they had suffered a great deal, and on the sea-
coast the canker-worm had almost entirely
devoured the cotton crop. He thought the
people would need to be helped. Neither Con-
gress nor the freedmen are responsible for the
coming of the canker-worm, though the worm
had not been there for some twenty or twenty-
five years.
Mr. JOHNSON. It comes every twenty
years, they say.
Mr. WILSON. This gentleman stated that
the colored people of South Carolina had
worked well this year; that they had main-
tained good order, and that if a stranger had
been in the State on the day of the election he
would hardly have known there was an election
going on. Large portions of the people in
Alabama and Mississippi are in a very destitute
condition. We must help them. I am in favor
of helping in every way possible the people of
that section of the country to reconstruct,
reorganize, and restore their shattered fortunes.
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator will give
way to enable me to offer a resolution, I should
like to get the names of those persons who
have been appointed Treasury agents in this
connection.
Mr. WILSON. You can offer it after I get
through.
Mr. CONKLING. That information has
been called for twice by the House and been
returned to the House.
Mr. WILSON. I think, sir, we ought to
relieve these people from this burden of taxa-
tion for the present year. Those who sold
early received better prices probably than will
be received by those who have held their crops ;
but the largest amount of the cotton raised in
the year 1807 is unquestionably in the hands
of the producers, and in some sections of the
country it has been held in the hope that we
would relieve them. I propose to amend the
amendment offered by th§ Senator from Indi-
ana by adding to it these words :
And upon all cotton grown in the United States
in the year 1867, where the same, at the passag* of
this act, is still in the hands of the producers and not
sold or contracted to be sold.
Mr. MORTON. I will say to the Senator
from Massachusetts that I should be very will-
ing to accept his amendment to my amend-
ment if I believed it were practicable without
opening a vast door to fraud and corruption.
That, 1 think, is the objection to his amend-
ment.
. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The qbes-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. C0NKLING. Which amendment to
the amendment?
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment offered by the Senator from New York
[Mr. Coxklinu] to the amendment offered by
the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read fur inform-
aticrti.
The Secretary. The amendment to the
amendment is to insert the word "raw" before
the word '"cotton;" and also to strike out the
words "after the year 1807" and to insert
" during the year 1808;" so that the amend-
ment will read:
That upon all raw cotton grown in the United
States during the year 1868 there shall be assessed
and collected the sum of one cent per pound aud no
more, to be coliocted in manner aud l'orm as now
prescribed by law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The first part of that
amendment is separate from the other, and I
suppose the Senator from Indiana has no ob-
jection to inserting the word "raw" before
"cotton" iti his amendment.
Mr. CON KLIN G. The Senator from In-
diana accepted the insertion of the word
"raw." He modified his amendment in that
respect.
Mr. CORBEl'T. Before the vote is taken I
should like to say that I think this proposition
does not give sufficient time to the people of
the southern States to engage in the raising of
cotton and recoverfrom their present distressed
condition. It does not give them time to make
calculations and to go into contracts with a
view of raising cotton continuously, from the
fact that they will be perhaps expecting that
this tax will be increased to two and a half
cents a pound after this one year. It will
have a tendency to cripple them, and to pre-
vent the raising of cotton.
I wish to say one word in answer to the ar-
gument of the Senator from Vermont, that a
high price for a small crop of cotton produces
just as much to the country as a low price for
a large crop. I stated in my remarks the
other day that during the five years of rebel-
lion we only exported $49,000,000 of cotton,
and that in the five years previous, when the
price of cotton was about the present price in
gold or a little more, we exported $000,000,000
of cotton. Since the reduction of the price
we have exported for the past two years a
little over three hundred million dollars ; and
I anticipate if the price is permanently reduced
to a low rate that the export of cotton will be
much greater eventually than it has been.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New York to the amendment of the Senator
from Indiana.
Mr. CHANDLER called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. DRAKE. I call for the reading of the
amendment to the amendment.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I withdraw the call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. GRIMES. I renew it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeas
and nays have been ordered, and the call can-
not be withdrawn without unanimous consent.
The Secretary proceeded to call the the roll.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to state as a mat-
ter cf personal explanation that on the main
question on this bill I am paired with Senator
Hendricks, with the understanding, however,
between him and myself that I am at liberty to
vote on any amendments that may be offered.
The calling of the roll having been com-
pleted, the result was announced—yeas 22,
nays 22 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Col e, Conkli ng,
Conness, Craerin, Edmunds, Fessenden. Harlan, How-
ard, Howe, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Patterson of New Hampshire, Ramsey,
Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Wade, and Wil-
son—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Cattell, Cor-'
bett, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, l"'owler, Frclinghuy-
sen. Grimes, Henderson, Johnson, Morgan, Norton,
Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Ross, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Williams—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Drake, Ferry, Guth-
rie, Hendricks, Nye, Sprague, Willey, and Yates—9.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Indiana.
Mt. MORTON called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. THAYER. Let tlie amendment be
reported.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to insert in lieu of the original bill the fol-
lowing substitute:
That upon all raw cottcn grown in the United State*
after the year 1867 there shall be assessed and col-
lected the sum of one oent per pound and no more,
to be collected in manner and form as now prescribed
by law.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding the following words :
And upon all cotton grown in the United States in
the year 1867, where the samo, at tho passage of this
act, is still in the hands of tho producers, and not
sold or contracted to bo sold.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the same propo-
sition that was voted upon in the amendment
offered by the Senator from Maryland. The
committee examined into that matter, and any
attempt to distinguish between cotton in the
hands of the producers and other cotton will
produce irretrievable confusion. I would go as
far toward relief in the production of cotton
in the South as possible; but every Senator
will see that an attempt to discriminate between
that which is in the hands of the producers and
that which is in the hands of other parties
would open a field to fraud that would be very
dangerous, indeed. In many cases this cotton
is the joint product of the labor of the planter
and the negro. The negro laborer has been
paid off; his interest is settled. In many cases
it is raised upou advances, and the cotton is
mortgaged, and it would be very difficult indeed
to ascertain who the owner is. In many cases
it is held by speculators, nominally in the name
of the producer, but really for somebody else,
on speculation. Therefore, this proposition
