2762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jim© 2i
which will bring them within some fifteen or
sixteen per cent, of gold par. All that will be
done if we let it alone. 1 think our country is
now very much in the condition of a person
convalescent, who has been taking a great deal
of medicine. If he continues to employ the
doctor, the doctor kills him. If he is suffered
to be in the hands of nature, nature, without
any medicine, will restore his health, because
his constitution will take eare of it. I do not
want to act on this question now, and there-
fore I hope the Senate will consent to post-
pone it.
Mr.FRELINGHUYSEN. _ I hope that this
bill will not be taken up at this session 
Mr. SHERMAN. It is pending before the
Senate.
Mr. FRELIN GHUYSEN. I think itis a bill
which will very injuriously affect the country.
I have looked at it somewhat, and have received
a great many communications from different
parts of the country in reference to it. I think j!
it is a bill which is calculated to destroy the
country banks.
Mr. WILSON. It is evident after what has
been said this morning that we are not in a
condition to proceed to the consideration of
this bill to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall ask for the yeas
and nays upon the postponement, and I shall
insist upon it as a final test vote on the passage
of this bill. I do not care what is done with
it, but I will not call it up again if it is now
postponed. It is three months since it was
reported, and if it is postponed now it is post- j
potied for good. If Senators look upon this !
as a mere formal matter, I will state the merits j
of the billon the motion to postpone, and the :
absolute necessity that rests upon us to pass •
the bill at this session. It would be utterly ]
idle to call it up again if it be postponed now i
after having been reported three months ago.
Mr. WILSON. 1 will say to the Senator I
that I am perfectly willing to take it up and
consider it; but, after the expressions which
have been made this morning, it seems to me
we are hardly prepared to go on with it. I am
very desirous to get up, at the earliest possible
moment, llie bill which lias passed the House
of Representatives to continue the Bureau for
the relief of Freedmen and Refugees, and
for other purposes. We ought to pass it this
week without fail.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is oil postponing the bill under considera-
tion until to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. On that I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, Mr. President, I
desire to say a few words on the question of
postponement.
The Senate thus far have refused to act upon
financial legislation at this session. It is man-
ifest that the Senate is disposed, or has been
disposed, to avoid action upon it. I have no
complaint to make of that. The Committee
on Finance have endeavored, if posssible, to
conform their action to the imperative neces-
sity of the public business, and to gratify, as
far as could be done, consistently with their
sense of duty, this disposition of the Senate to
avoid discussion on financial questions, or
action upon them. That is all I desire to state
on that point.
Now, in regard to the banking act, there
were various propositions sent to the com-
mittee, some of which were revolutionary in
their character, some to abolish the system
entirely, some to extend it into a free bank-
ing system ; but the committee laid asidethose
propositions, or, at least, do not propose to
ask any final action upon them. There were,
however, certain abuses now practiced by the
banks, gross and palpable abuses, which en-
dangered the safety of the system, which we
thought it our duty, at the urgent request both
of the Secretary of the Treasury and of the
Comptroller of the Currency, and after a most
careful examination, to bring to the attention
of the Senate.
It is perfectly certain that if this bill is post-
poned now it will not be taken up again,
because a postponement to-day, when we have
nothing pending before us, after notice had
been given that the bill would be brought up
to-day, when these amendments have been
fully considered, is a substantial defeat of the
bill, and I, as a matter of course, will take
the judgment of the Senate in favor of the
postponement of this bill as a condemnation
of the bill, and will not call it up again during
the present session.
Let us see what is in this bill so that Sena-
tors may judge whether there is any ground
of opposition to it. The first section simply
provides that banks shall .not pay interest on
deposits or balances to each other, or offer
any inducement other than the prompt and
correct transaction of business, in order to
secure such deposits. Now, what is the abuse
of the system? The whole money from the
West is now drawn into the city of New York.
It is drawn out of its ordinary channel to
defeat the ordinary purposes of local banks,
to defeat the benefits of such local organiza-
tions, into the cities, and there is made the
basis of stock speculations. The very money
which by the law is required to be kept in the
vaults of the bank, or on deposit at some other
deposit bank, is now drawing interest for the
benefit of the banks, and is loaned out in the
city of New York on stock speculations. The
very safety of the system depends on the reserve
which is required by the law to be kept in the
banks, and every dollar of this reserve is now
loaned out to other deposit banks, and in this
way there is no limit and no restraint upon
the banks. Not only do they loan out the
money given to them for circulation, but they
loan out their entire reserve by depositing it
in deposit banks in the cities, and there itis
made the basis of speculation. Sir, if we were
anywhere near specie payments, that very fact
would blow up the whole system, because the
whole safety of the system depends upon its
wise management and upon the safety of that,
reserve. And yet the objection which the
Senator from Pennsylvania makes is to this
section of the bill. It is all there is in the bill
of consequence, as it originally stood.
The second section of the bill, I wish Sen-
ators to understand, simply prohibits the Gov-
ernment of the United States from depositing
in these banks more money than it takes secur-
ity for. It does happen, now, that in some
cases millions of dollars are deposited in some
of the national banks by the United States
Governmentwithout adequate security. There
is no law which requires more than a certain
amount of security. The second section pro-
vides that in every case the amount of security
shall be ten per cent, more than the amount
of deposit; and this is the only safety for the
deposits made by the Government of the Uni-
ted States. Why, sir, a violation of this sec-
ond section of the bill has broken several banks
and lost the Government large sums of money.
In the face of this fact will the Senate refuse
to guard the Treasury of the United States?
Upon the motion of the Committee on Finance
you have already refused to change your de-
posit system, because the change was revolu-
tionary in its character. We have yielded to
the sentiment of the Senate so far; and now
the second section of this bill merely provides
that a bank receiving deposits of the Govern-
ment shall give security for those deposits, and
that the amount of bonds filed in the Treasury
as security for deposits shall be ten per cent,
more than the amount of the deposits. Can
there be any objection to that section ?
Those two sections constituted the bill as
originally reported. Some amendments have
since been reported, which I will proceed to
state the provisions of.
The first amendment offered simply provides
that a bank shall not deposit with a broker
more than ten per cent, of its capital. Under
the present system large deposits are made
with irresponsible brokers interested in the
bank, and these brokers failing, the,bank fails.
and all is swept away. That is contrary to the
spirit and letter and meaning of the banking
act. It seems to me for the Senate to refuse
to correct this palpable error or this palpable
weakness of the system at this time, for any
reason whatever, is wrong.
The next amendment provides that a bank-
ing association which is winding up shall re-
deem its circulation. Why, sir, one of the
most palpable abuses that now grow out of the
system is that many of the national banks are
winding up. What for? To avoid liability
under the banking act. They give notice of
their intention to wind up, and then they never
pay one dollar of their circulation. The cir-
culation is out. They do not carry on any
business of a bank. They do not loan money.
They keep a little cubby of an office, loan no
money, render no facilities, and yet draw inter-
est on their circulation. They loan the money
to themselves, divide the circulation among
themselves, and draw interest on that circula-
tion. That thing is going on ; and I have here
a letter from the Comptroller of the Currency,
making the remarkable statement that banks
are now pretending to wind up in order to
avoid liability under the banking act, and then
they do not redeem their circulation. That
floats all over the country. They are drawing
interest on the circulation; and draw gold
interest on their bonds; and you refuse to
correct that! Why, Mr. President, it is pal-
pable, gross, shameful; and for the Senate to
refuse to do its duty in correcting these gross
and scandalous abases for any political reason
would be an abandonment of a great public
duty, in which I, for one, will not share. This
thing is going on here from day to day. We
have several statements of that fact. These
banks are drawing interest in gold on their
bonds, they are making interest on their cir-
culation, and they are not carrying on the
proper business of banks or loaning any money
whatever to the people. This is intended to
correct that abuse.
There is another thing which requires careful
correction. The next amendment provides for
the fees of receivers of national banks. In
the city of New York the courts have allowed
§60,000 in fees to a single receiver, and the
whole has been earned in nine months. They
have allowed §16,000 attorneys' fees for nine
months' services.
Mr. BUCIvALEW. Has that been done in
the United States courts?
Mr. SHERMAN. No ; in the State courts.
Under the law as it now stands the court before
which a receiver's report comes regulates the
fees of the receiver and the fees of attorney;
there is no limit to the costs; and under that
provision, in the city of New York, lawyers
and receivers are sweeping up the assets of the
banks to the injury of the creditors of the
banks by these extortionate fees. In the case
of a bank with $1,200,000 assets they allowed
to the receiver five per cent, on the gross amount,
although it is in United States bonds ; and they
allowed in that case to attorneys enormous
sums. I would rather be the attorney of a
broken bank in the city of New York than hold
any office in the United States.
The Comptroller of the Currency reports
these facts to us, and comes here and says " Give
me some relief." We provide in the fourth
section that the fees allowed to receivers shall
not be more than are allowed to collectors of
internal revenue, and that the bills of attorneys
shall be fixed by the judge of the court of the
United States, and not by a local State court.
Can we refuse to pass amendments of that kind
to the banking law on any pretense that to talk
about finance or act about finance may injure
us in any way? It is shameful to confess that,
in my judgment.
A word now in regard to another amendment
which is reported as the fifth section. There
are States in this Union that have not a single
national bank. There are other States in this
Union, both loyal and rebel States, that have
scarce any. Several States in the Union now
wa,nt banking facilities, Massachusetts and
