238
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 11,
Senate.
Reconstruction—Mr. Dixon.
40tii Cong....2d Sess.
shown by your own records, and by solemn
credentials now on file in your archives, that
after the passage of the ordinance of secession
the same Legislature of Virginia, whose power
you recognized as sufficient to consent to the
division of that State, elected and returned to
this body two Senators of the United States
for the State of Virginia, namely, Mr. Car-
lile and Mr. Bowden. Both these Senators
were qualified and admitted as- members of
this body. One of them, Mr.-Bowden, died
before the expiration of his term. The other,
Mr. Carlile, continued to hold his seat during
his term of service, and was a Senator of the
United States from Virginia almost to the time
of the surrender of General Lee's army. In
the House of Representatives a similar condi-
tion of things existed. Several districts in
Virginia were represented in that body during
nearly the whole continuance of the war. Nor
was Virginia the only seceding State repre-
sented in both Houses of Congress. Who
then denied the right and duty of Andrew
Johnson to continue to act as a Senator from
Tennessee, although that State was swept by
the'hostile arfriies of the confederacy, and
had undertaken to secede from the Union?
Yet the Senator from Oregon [Mr. Williams]
argued that every citizen of Tennessee was an
alien enemy during the war, and, as such, lia-
ble to forfeit life, liberty, and property. We
acted on a very different theory. Our Govern-
ment admitted the right of representation on
the part of loyal citizens of all the States. Nor
was this all. The Executive of the United
States, being then authorized by act of Con-
gress to offer terms at his discretion to the
insurgents, on the 22d day of September, 1862,
issued his first premonitory proclamation relat-
ing to the emancipation of slaves. From that
proclamation I quote the following:
"That the Executive will, on the 1st day of Janu-
ary aforesaid, by proclamation, designate the States
and parts of States, if any, in which the people
•thereof, respectively, shall then- bo in rebellion
against the United States; and the fact th.it any
State, or the people thereof, shall on that day he, in
good faith, represented in the Congress of tho United
States by mem hers chosen theroto at elections, where-
in aniaj ori ty of th e qualified voters of such State shall
have participated, shall, in the absence of strong
countervailing testimony, be deemed conclusive evi-
dence that such State and the people theieof are
not then in rebellion against the United States."
What do we here find? An express invita-
tion to rebels in arms to occupy seats in the
Congress of the United States as Senators and
Representatives, and an express promise that
if they will consent to do so the proclamation
of emancipation shall be withheld and slavery
be permitted to live forever. This, Mr. Pres-
ident, was from Abraham Lincoln, the great
apostle of liberty, and yet we are told that when
his successor, following in his footsteps and
pursuing his policy, proclaims his belief that,
the war being over and slavery forever abol-
ished with all its incidents, the loyal people of
the Siouth ought to be represented in Congress,
he i,s a traitor and a usurper.
If', in reviewing the action of the Government
during the war, we turn "our eyes to the debates
iii Congress, we shall find that the leaders of
the Republican party were almost unanimous
in the support of the doetrincs upon which I
have shown that the Government proceeded.
One Senator only, Mr. Sumner, of Massachu-
setts, propounded a different theory.
By reference to the' Congressional Globe of
April 2, 18G2, page 14S3, the following extract
may be found from the speech of the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] Senators who
were then present will remember that the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] was
informed in that debate that Me stood alone in
his theory withregard to the rebel States. The
opinion then entertained with regard to it by
Republican Senators was correctly expressed
in what I will now read from the speech of the
Senator from Ohio:
"I, therefore, cannot help but say that, while I
respect the motives of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, while I give him credit for consist-
ency, ability,, and a great deal of culture, and am
always glad to hear him speak, yet I must confess
that, when I looked over his resolutions, they struck
me with surprise and regret. They would revolu-
tionize this Government. §ir, strike the States out
of this system of government, and your Government
is lost and gone. I.cannot conceive of the United
States governing colonies and provinces containing
millions ujion millions of people, black and white.
I do not think such a thing can exist. . I do not be-
lieve it is in the power of secession to bring us to
such a state of things. I can draw no distinction
between the resolutions of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts and the doctrines that aro proclaimed by
Jefferson Davis. If a State can soeedo the people
of the State can make a new government. If the
people of South Carolina are firm and united in their
policy, which no plan doubts; if they have power to
secede, they have seceded, and their doctrine is true.
But I do not believe they have the power to secede.
They may go in banishment, wandering all over the
tace of thocaith, but they cannot take with thom a
single foot of the soil of this country over which our
flag ever floated. The doctrine of tho Senator from
Massachusetts is substantially an acknowledgment
of the right of secession, of the right to secedo. He,
however, puts the States in the condition of abject
Territories, to be governed by Congress. Jefferson
Davis puts it in the powerofthe people of tho States
to govern the States themselves. As to which is tho
most dangerous or obnoxious doctiine I leave every
man to determine."
The progress which has been made sincc
that day is instructive. Opinions held by men
capable of forming and holding an opinion have
been abandoned, and doctrines which then
shocked the candid and well-informed minds of
distinguished Senators are now accepted as the
basis of their actions. Sir, itis not my province
to condemn others, but having at that time taken
groundinthe Senateagainstthe theory thenfirst
proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts,
I have, as yet, seen no reason to change my
opinion. 1 stand where I then stood, and there
1 propose to stand. If others find sufficient
reason to change their deliberately expressed
opinions, they should be slow to condemn those
who may not change with equal facility.
I now come to the close of the war, and shall,
in the third place, show that the constitutional
theory on which the war was conducted con-
tinued to control the Government until the pas-
sage of the reconstruction act, so called, when
it was abandoned, and it was proclaimed for the
first time by the chairman of the Reconstruc-
tion Committee of the House of Representa-
tives, the acknowledged leader of that body,
that the entire legislation of Congress on this
subject was outside of the Constitution.
President Lincoln had then been reelected.
Andrew Johnson had been rewarded by a grate-
ful people for his fidelity to the Constitution
by the second office in tho Government. Pres-
ident Lincoln had announced only three days
before his death, in a public speech, his policy
of reconstruction. The sworn testimony of
Mr. Stanton before the Impeachment Com-
mittee shows that his policy was taken up and
pursued by President Johnson, under the ad-
vice of the Cabinet, which, as a unit, lie in-
herited from his predecessor. Everything
which President Lincoln had done up to that
period, and everything President Johnson after;
ward did, in pursuanco of President Lincoln's
plan, had been ratified and confirmed by the
people at the preceding presidential election.
Had President Lincoln lived, this policy would
have been pursued by him, and in it he would
have been sustained by a majority of Congress.
But after his lamented death the spirit of
Radicalism revived. At first the great end at
which itaimed—the elevation of the negro race
to political supremacy in the southern States—
seemed only dimly to be apprehended by itself.
Then that bolder line of policy, since adopted,
the disfranchisement of a sufficient number
of the white race to make the black element
controlling in the South, had not been entered
upon, perhaps not even imagined.
President Johnson was, of course, unable,
opposed as he was by two thirds of each House
ot Congress, to give affirmative force to the plan
of reconstruction which he had inherited from
his predecessor. He, however, did all that
the executive Government could do to restore
the Union. And finally, on the 20th day of
August, 1866, he issued his proclamation de-
claring to the nation the perfect and entire
restoration of peace throughout all the States
of the Union. Was that proclamation of
binding force ? The Senatorfrom New Jersey
[Mr. Fbelinohuysen] declared that the Pres-
ident had no power to declare the return of
peace, and that such a declaration on his part
had no authority unless ratified by Congress.
I find on the pages of the statute-book a
ratification of that proclamation by solemn act
of Congress, passed on the 2d day of March,
1807. Section two of an act entitled "An act
to provide for a temporary increase of the pay
of officers in the Army of the United States,
and for other purposes," approved March 2,
18(57, reads as follows :
"That section one of an act entitled 'An act to
increase the pay of soldiers in the United States
Army, and for other purposes,' approved June 20,
1864, be, and the same is hereby, continued in full
force and effect for three years from and after the
close of the rebellion, asannounced by the President
of the United States by proclamation bearing date
the 20th of August, 186(5."
Peace, then, was restored, as all must ad-
mit, on the passage of this act.
Before proceeding to the consideration of
the new policy inaugurated by the reconstruc-
tion act, so called, 1 ask a moment's-attention
to the resolution proposing an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States, known
as the fourteenth article. The provisions of
that section, with the causes of its rejection
by the States of the South, have been fully
discussed by the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Doolittle.]
When that resolution was proposed by Con-
gress, only a little more than one year ago,
the project of universal negro suffrage and
restricted white suffrage at the South had not
been conceived. The proposed amendment
proceeded on the ground of exclusive white
suffrage. It proposed to leave the question of
suffrage where the Constitution left it, with
the people of the several States, South as well
as North. On that issue the present, House of
Representatives was chosen. On no other issue
could a House of such a political character
have been chosen Yet, suddenly, at the first
session of the legislative body thus elected, a
new edict went forth from their great political
leader, to which, with almost entire unanimity,
his followers yielded submissive, unquestioning
obedience. Here is the letter in which lie
boldly declares to the country that all the Rad-
ical leaders agreed that their action was out-
side of the Constitution and that they had
repudiated that sacred instrument:
Columbia, Pennsylvania, August 24,1867.
Dear Sir: Several of your intelligent constituents
in this region, no doubt from want of proper in-
formation, are complaining of mistakes made by
Congress in not passing laws at the last session re-
straining the removals of certain officers engaged in
reconstruction. I contended that you had passed an
act at the very close providing for that, very contin-
gency, but which is not executed. Will you be so
good as to inform me now? forour Representative is
responsible for this omission, if omission it be. You
know we are in the habit of dealing lannUarly with
the member from the ninth. A imel answer will
much oblige.
Your friend, SAMUEL SCHOCU.
lion. TlIADDEUS Steven's, Lancaster, Peiuiiiileanitl.
IiAXCASTFR, PnXXSYLVAXTA, Avmmt 18ti7.
Dear Sir : You arc right in supposing that Con-
gress makes mistakes, as is the inevitable lot of man;
but you mistake in supposing that there is any law to
prohibit the removal ot distrieteomnianders without
thceonsent of the Senate. Soon atter the commence-
ment ot the last session ot Congress 1 reporied a bill
from a committee of the House of Representatives
which contained provisions prohibiting removals
without the consent of tho Senate. It passed the
House and was sent to the Senate. The Senate
struck it out a.n(l returned it to tile House, who re-
fused to concur in the amendment. The result was
a committee of conierence, where an animated con-
test ensued. There were se\ eral other questions in
controversy between the Houses, which the ilouso
offered to yield if this would be grained. The Sen-
ate persevenngly refused, declaring that they would
sooner lose the bill. As that would frustrate all our
legislation itcouldnotbeallowed. The Houseyielded,
with a warning of the evii it would inflict upon the
