3786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
Senator from West Virginia, as well as for the
reasons which were fully elaborated in the
former debate and published to the country, I
think we ought to adopt this amendment.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from West Virginia.
Mr. VAN WINKLE and Mr. BUCKALEW
called for the yeas and nays, and they were
ordered ; and being taken, resulted—yeas 15,
nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cameron, Cattell, Cole,
conriqvss, Crngin, Davis, Fowler, Henderson, Mc-
Creery, Ramsey, Eoss, Sumner, Van Winkle, and
Wilson—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Conkling, Corbett, Ed-
munds, Harlan, Howe, McDonald, Morgan, Morrill
of Vermont, Osborn, Sherman, Trumbull, Vickers,
Wade, Welch, Williams, and Yates—17.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Chandler, Dixon,
Doolittie, Drake, Ferry, Fessenden, Frclin?huysen,
Grimes, Hendricks, Howard, Johnson, Morrill ol
Maine. Morfon, Norton, Nye, Patterson of New
II iimpshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Poineroy, Rice,
Suulsbury, Sprague, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, and
Willey—26.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer an amendment 
Mr. CON NESS. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn. It must bo evident that we
cannot pass this bill to-night.
Mr. SHERMAN. We can pass it in a little
while now.
Mr. CONNESS. It cannot be passed to-
night.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I desire to state that,
my colleague [Mr. Wili.ey] is confined to his
room by indisposition.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 16 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Buclcalevr, Cameron, Cole, Con-
 e"s, Onttfin, D.ivis, Fowler, Harlan, Howo, Mc-
Creery, R.imsoy, Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
V inkers, and Yates—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Colliding, Cor-
bett, Edmunds. McDonald, Morgan, Morrill ofVer-
inont, OsOorn, Patterson of New Hampshire, Ross,
Sherman, Wado, Welch, Williams, and Wilson—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Chandler, Dixon, Doo-
littie, Drake, Ferry, Fessenden, FrelinKliuysen,
Orimes. Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Johnson,
Moirill ot Maine, Morton, Norton, Nye, Patterson
of lennessee, Pomeroy, Rice, Saulsbury, Sprague,
Stewart, ihayer, Tipton, and Willey—26,
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the
Senate take a recess until half past seven
o'clock. ["No! " "No! "]
Mr. SUMNER, I hope not.
Mr. CONNESS. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Cole, Conkling,
Loibett, Harlan, Henderson, Morgan. Morrill of
\ ermont. Sherman, Stewart, Wade, Williams, and
Wilson—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew. Cameron, Conness,
Uaain. Davis, Edmunds, Fowler, Howe, McCreery,
McDonald. Osborn, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Kamsey Ross, Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
V icKcrs, Welch, and Yates—20.
ABSKNT—Musi's.Bayard, Chandler, Dixon, Doo-
littie, Drake, rerry, Fessenden, Frehnghuvsen,
grimes. Hendricks, Howard. Johnson, Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Norton, Nye, Patterson of Tennesseo,
°?Rlco.Salisbury, Sprague, Thayer,Tipton,
and Willey—24.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. We may as well close the
bill first, as lait..
Mr. CONNESS. It is impossible to pass
this bill to-night. The Senator ought to see
that, I think.
Several Senators, (to Mr. Sherman.) Do
not give it up.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not give it up ; but
if the Senate choose to adjourn they can do so.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes twenty-one 
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we may as well
have the yeas and nays on this motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Mes«rs. Buckalew, Cameron, Cole, Con-
ness, Cragin, Davis, Fowier, Harlan, Howe, Me-
Creery. McDonald, Osborn, Patterson ot New Hamp-
shire, Ramsey, Stewart. Sunnier, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Vickers, Welch, and Yates—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Conkling. Cor-
bett, Edmunds, Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Ross,
Sherman, Wade, Williams, andWilson—12.
ABSENT —Messrs. Bayard, Chandler, Dixon,
Doolittie, Drake, Ferry, Fessenden, Frelinprhuysen,
Grimes, Henderson. Hendricks. Howard, Johnson,
Morrill of Maine, Morton. Norton, Nye, Patterson
of Tennessee, Pomerov, Rice, Saulsbury, Sprague,
Thayer, Tipton, and Willey—25.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July 7, 1S68.
The House met at twelve o'clock ra. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox.
The Journal of yesterday was partly read,
when
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the further reading of the Journal be dispensed
with.
The motion was, by unanimous consent,
agreed to.
payment for government supplies.
Mr. DELANO, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1369) to provide
for the payment of certain demands for stores
and articles used by the engineer department
of the Army of the United States ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
isaac i. richmond.
Mr. BAKER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Mesolved, That the Committee of Claims be in-
structed to inquire what measure of relief is due to
Isaac I. Richmond, of Alton, Illinois, for services
rendered theGrovernmentas acting assistant assessor
for the first division of the twelfth collection distriot
of the State of Illinois during the months of Decem-
ber, 1866, and January, 1867, and to report by bill or
otherwise.
terms of virginia district court.
Mr. BOUTWELL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1370) to fix the
time for holding the terms of the United States
district eourt in Virginia; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
niagara ship-can all.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I ask
unanimous consent to submit the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the bill now in the Committee of
the Whole, providing for the construction of a
ship-canal around the falls of Niagara, be postponed
to, and made the special order for Thursday, the 10th
day of December next, immediately after the morn-
ing hour, and continue as the special order from day
to day until disposed of.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of Mr. Washburne of Illinois, Mr. Delano,
and Mr. Phelps as the committee of confer-
ence on the part of the House upon the dis-
agreeing votes_of the two Houses on the bill
(H. R. No. 605) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of
the Government for the year ending the 30th
ef June, 1889.
potawattomie indian lands.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Whereas a contractus been made which purports
to be a treaty between certain commissioners actin*
m the name of the United States and the Potawat-
tomie Indians, by which the unallotted lands of said I
Indians, amounting to three hundred and fortv-two
thousand acres, hare been sold to the Atchison
iopeka, and Santa Fe Railroad Company at the
price of one dollar per acre? and whereas these lands
arc known to be valuable, and said price is believed
to bo in monstrous disproportion thereto, and said
treaty, so called, is declared by prominent and re-
spectable men in the State of Kansas to be similar
in character to the late Osage treaty,-which has been
emphatically condemned by this Houee: Therefore,
Resolved, That theCommittee on Indian Affairs be
instructed to mquire into the facts and circumstances
of said so-called treaty,that theyhave powertosend
for persons and papers, and that they report to this
House by bill or otherwise.
reference of bills, etc.
Mr. UPSON. I move to reconsider the
various votes taken this morning on the refer-
ence of bills; and also move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
impeachment of the president.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Prise to
a question of privilege, and present a resolu-
tion, upon which, after it is read, I propose to
submit some remarks.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be
read, after "which the Chair will rule whether
it is or is not a question of privilege.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas a high court of impeachment has lately
been in session to try Andrew Johnson, President
of the United States, for high crimes and misde-
meanors, and has adjourned without completing its
judgment; and whereas it is proper that additional
articles should befiled,if the House deem expedient;
Therefore, •
Resolveds That a eommitteeof be appointed to
prepare additional articles of impeachment, and
report the same in substance as follows:
Additional articles of impeachment exhibited by
the House of Representatives, in the name of them-
selves and ail the people of the United States,
against Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, in maintenance and support of their im-
peachment against him for high crimcs and misde-
meanors in office.
First Additional Article.
That the said Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States did abuse the patronage of the Gov-
ernment, which by virtue of his office had been
intrusted to him, and did pervert it to improper and
selfish purpos s, inasmuch as he used it to corrupt
the people of the United States, and to induce them
to abandon and renounce the principles which they
conscientiously held, and to adopt others which
they did not approve, in order to promote the sel-
fish purposes ot said Andrew Johnson. The Presi-
dent of the United States came into power and
received his office because he professed to hold the
principles of the Republican party, and zealously
avowed his determination to cariy them into effect.
When he came into power he found the offices of tho
Government, many thousands in number, filled with
men professing the same Republican principles, and
who had been appointed expressly to carry them
into effect. When, by a fatal accident, he became
the Chief Executive of the nation, he determined to
seek an election for the same office at the next pres-
idential term. «Hc foresaw that it would become
necessary to renounce the principles of the Repub-
lican party, and to establish a new personal party,
specially devoted to himself, and he did not hesitate
to apply to that object the profits of thousands of
offices and of millions of revenue. He set deliber-
ately about turning faithful officers out of their
places because they would not renounce their prin-
ciples, and of appointing others to office because
they pledged themselves to support him and his
principles. The removals and appointments were
avowedly made for no cause of merit or demerit,
but for tho purpose of adding recruits to the new
party.
Second Additional Article.
That the said Andrew Johnson, being the Chief
Executive of the United States, and being assigned
by law to the duties to take care that «he laws shall
be faithfully executed, and having no judicial or
legislative powers confided to him by the Cointitu-
tion* nil his duties being strictly executive, did, on
the 29th day of May, 186o, and before and alter that
tune, usurp to himself the powers of another branch
ot the Government, and did do acts and exercise
functions which belonged to the legislative branch
alone; and in pursuance of such claim, having at
the time the Army and Navy of the United States at
his command, did establish and erect into a separate
government that portion of tho territory which had
been conquered by the United States from the late y
so-called confederate States of America, and which
was lately embraced within the boundaries of tho
fotate of ISorth Carolina, and d.d.by his own usurped
authority, create a State and form of government
hitherto unknown to the United States, and did cre-
ate an omce hitherto unknown to our Constitution,
and appointed thereto an officer whomhe called pro-
visional governor, and directed him how to construct
and carry out said government. lie fixed, and by his
own will decreed, the qualification of electors, and
who snoQld be eligible to office in the new govern-
ment, winch he by proclamation declared was de-
prived of:all civil government by the armed forces
oi the independent belligerents with whom we had
been at war. And he appointed William W. Holden
to the office of provisional governor of North Caro-
lina, and directed him to administer the offices of the
newly-created State.
On the 13th of June, 1865, he usurped the same
powers, and without any direction from Congress,
to whom alone it belonged, erected into an inde-
pendent State that part of conquered territory for-
