1868.
THE COtfGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
355
■would introduce irretrievable confusion. It
is open, too, to the objection that this is a rev-
enue tliat is anticipated to some extent by the
Treasury Department, who place a reliance
upon it. Therefore, this relief ought not to
extend back, but should be confined to the
growth of future cotton. I do not wish to dis-
cuss the matter at any length; but the ques-
tiou is presented now in a new form, introduc-
ing a new element of confusion. I hope the
amendment to the amendment will be voted
down.
Mr. CONKLING. I have been furnished
with a paper which is in circulation, it seems,
for signatures in the South which I think shows
that the amendment now offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is unnecessary, as
tolerably efficient means are on foot to accom-
plish what ho seems to wish in another way;
and [ beg to send to the desk of the Secretary
aud ask to have read the two papers which I
have marked.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The papers
will be read by the Secretary if there be no
objection.
The Secretary read as follows:
M-
Auqcsta, Georgia, -
1S67.
Dear Sik: An association of capitalists, politi-
cians, and lawyers has been formed for the purpose
of having the unconstitutional tax on cotton, which
has been paid or may be paid to the United Stated,
refunded it possible.
They propose to prosecute the claims at their own
risk and expense. The claimant is to incur no ex-
pense in any event, and is to receive one half of the
tax recovered. The other half is to be used for the
p.iyment of all expenses incurred. We are to have a
liberal commission out of the half retained.
Tho pl.m is to have as large an amount as possi-
ble of these claims presented to tho Court of Claims
for itsjudgment as soon as possible, so that they may
reach Congress shortly after its next session com-
mences. The Treasury is now full. It will probably
be depleted by congressional appropriations during
the session. It is therefore strongly desirable that
we should get the bill before Congress ere the Treas-
ury shall have been emptied. Those whose claims
are thus presented and passed upon by the Court and
Congress at an early day may be paid when later
claimants fail. The proof required will probably
consist of affidavits identifying the cotton and the
collector's receipt, or copies of entries on his books.
On this point wo will advise you more specifically
liereatter if it become necessary. If you conclude to
turn your claim over to us you can sign the blank
contract inclosed before a witness and return it to
us. Wewill immediately send you areceipt express-
ing our obligations to you as contracting parties. Wo
are assured by our friends at the North that the
Couit of Claims will certainly pronounce this tax
unconstitutional, and that if we hasten to get the
claims before Congress we will succeed. If we suc-
ceed the money is to pass through our hands, and
we are to be responsible for its faithful application.
We would like to have your claim and as many as
you can influence. If you sign tho contract send us
the name of your factor or agent, if cotton was sold by
an aeent, together with marks, number of bales, 4c.
Joint Contract.
This covenant and agreement made and entered
into by and between the persons whose names are
hereunto subscribed as parties of the first part and
Uerschel V. Johnson & Company as parties of tho
second part 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know how this
paper gets before the Senate. It seems to me
we have very little to do to listen to the reading
of newspaper articles.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objec-
tion was made at the time the reading was
asked.
Mr. CONKLING. I suppose I have a right
to read it as part of my remarks, and if the
Senator thinks I can do it better than it is being
done by the Secretary I will read it myself. It
is very short, and I think the Senate ought to
understand it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from New
York insists upon making it a part of his speech
of course I do not object.
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, I desire to have it
read as part of my remarks, in the hope that
the Senator from Massachusetts, seeing that this
thing is being done so much better than it would
be by his amendment, will withdraw the amend-
ment to save the time and trouble of a vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me it is using
the time of the Senate to very little purpose to
be reading newspaper articles. Any of us could
send up articles that are got up by parties, very
ridiculous upon their face and making very
absurd propositions. However, the Senator
from New York fathers the paper, aud I do not
object to the reading if lie desires it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sec-
retary will proceed with the reading.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
paper, as follows:
Witnesseth, that tho parties of tho first part, for ,
tho purpose of recovering tho taxes heretofore or
which may hereafter be paid as a tax on cotton, under
the internal revenue lawsof the Federal Government
and Treasury regulations, and in consideration of one
dollar paid to them by the parties of tho second part,
do hereby individually and collectively contract with
; the parties of tho second part that they may, in the
Court of Claims of tho United States, or in such other
manner and form as they may deem expedient, re-
cover and have refunded all such taxes Us have been
or may hereafter be paid by parties of the first part,
with lull power to demand and reccive and in our
individual or firm names receipt for the same; and
that the parties of the second part may act more effi-
ciently we hereby agree and covenant to furnish tho
parties of the second part all papers or otherevidcnce
in our power necessary to prove the payment of such
tax. The parties of the first part further contract that
the parties of the second part shall have and receive
one half of what may be recovered of said tax. And
tho parties of the second part agree and contract that
they will conduct and prosecute such claims at their
own risk and expense, and that they will pay over to
each of the parties of the first part one half of any
and all sums which shall be recovered and received
by them on such claims.
A separate obligation to this effect of even date
with these presents will be given by the parties of the
second part. This day of , 1807.
Witnesses.
Parties' Names.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on agreeing to the amendment
offered by the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. COIIBETT. If it is in order I desire
to move an amendment to the amendment to
substitute one half cent per pound iustead of
one cent. I shall vote against the amend-
ment 
Mr. GRIMES. Then I hope the Senator
will not offer it.
Mr. CORBETT. I understand it is intended
to be offered in case this is not adopted.
Mr. GRIMES. I-et us see whether this is
going to be adopted first.
Mr. CORBEfT. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
question recurs on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Indiana, upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand that if this
amendment of the Senator from Indiana be
not adopted, then a proposition will be offered
to suspend the operation of this tax for twelve
months. Therefore, those who are in favor
of that propositiijn will vote " no."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
ling, C'onness, Cragin, Edmunds, Fessenden, llarlan,
Howard, Howe, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Patterson of New Hampshire, Ram-
sey, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, and Wilde—21.
NAY S—Messrs. Bayard, B uckal e w.Cattell, C'orbett,
Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Drake, Fowler, Frelinghuy-
sen, Grimes, Henderson, Johnson, Morgan, Norton,
Patterson of Tennessee, l'omeroy, Iloss, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Williams, and
Wilson—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Ferry, Guthrie, Hcn-
dricks, Nye, Sprague, Willey, and Yates—8.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CONKLING. Now I renew my amend-
ment to the original bill.
Mr. MORTON. If the Senator from New
York has no objection, and it is in order, I
desire to submit another amendment before
the vote is taken on his.
Mr. CONKLING. I will withdraw my
amendment for the purpose of hearing that
of the Senator.
Mr. MORTON. I move to strike out all of
the bill after the enacting clause and to insert
the following:
That upon all raw cotton grown in the United
States during the year HS68 there shall be levied and
collected a tax of one half cent per pound; and that
upon all raw cotton grown in the United States after
the year 1868 there shall be levied and collected a tax
of one cent per pound, to be levied and collected in
manner and form as now prescribed by law.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CONKLING. I now renew my amend-
ment.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was in line three to insert the word "raw"
before the word " cotton," and in the same line
to strike out the word "after" and to insert the
word " during," and in line four to strike out
"1807" and to insert " 1868;" so that the bill
will read:
That all raw cotton grown in the United States
during tho year 1868 shall bo exempt from internal
tax.
Mr. CONFESS called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment, and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 21 ;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, C'onness, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds, Fes-
senden, Grimes, Harlan, Howard, Howe, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Patterson of New
Hampshire, ltamsey, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tip-
ton, and Wade—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buekalew,Corbett, Davis,
Dixon, Doolittle, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Henderson,
Johnson, Morgan, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee,
Pomeroy, Ross, Saulsbury,Sherman, Trumbull, Van
Winkle. Williams, and Wilson—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Ferry, Guthrie, Hen-
dricks, Nyo, Sproguo, Willey, and Yates—8.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. I move to amend the bill by
adding the following:
But nothing herein contained shall be construed
I to require any additional provisions of law in order
II to authorize the levy and collection of said tax upon
1 alJ such cotton grown therein after tho said year.
j Mr. JOHNSON. There is no necessity for
j that. •
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to have that
amendment read again.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. DRAKE. The honorable Senator from
Maryland remarked that there was no neces-
sity for that.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think so.
Mr. DRAKE. I presume that if we were
to undertake to eliminate from the statutes of
the United States all the provisions contained
in them for which there is no necessity we
should probably reduce the compass of the
statutes by about one half. But I consider,
with all respect to the honorable Senator from
Maryland, that there is, if not an absolute
necessity in the mind of so distinguished a
"jurist as himself for this provision, an eminent
propriety in putting it in the bill. We do not
know what construction may be given to this
law. There is no intention on the part of the
Senate bythe vote that has just been taken to
remove this tax from cotton entirely. That
we all understand. Why not, then, put it on
the face of the statute in such plain and unmis-
takable language that no man can possibly
have any question about it'at any time? We
do not know at what moment the continuance
of this tax aftertlie year 1868 may be questioned
upon the ground of this act that we have now
amended and are about to pass probably. I
offer this amendment out of abundant caution.
I am not willing that any statute should be
enacted here which could by any possible
strain of construction lead to the entire re-
moval of this tax or to its removal from any
year after 1868. Why not, then, put it on the
face of the statute that no further provision
shall be necessary in order to reimpose the
tax after the year 1868 ? Then there will be
no question about it. I only wish that to be
made perfectly plain about which there might
possibly be some question in the future.
Mr. FOWLER. I do not know that I have
any particular objection to this amendment,
provided the bill shall pass as it now stands,
as it probably will. I will simply state that I
should much prefer that the tax should be
retained and collected next year, instead of
this proceeding of securing the collection of
the tax the year following, which will amount
to the same thing probably. I am very well
satisfied that no tax can be oollooted the year
