1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8787
merly known as the State of Mississippi, and ap-
pointed William L. Sharkey provisional governor
thereof.
And on the 17th of Jiine, 1S65, lie in like manner
erected a portion of said territory into what he called
the State of Georgia, and appointed James Johnson
provisional governor thereof. On or about the 17th,
21st, and 30th of June and tlie 13th of July he, in like
manner, created governments which he called the
States of Texas*. South Carolina, and Florida. And
whenaltei ward Congress declared such governments
and institutions null and void, and prescribed other
methods of governing said territory, and to enable it
to enter the Union by the consent of Congress, the
President declared such laws null and void, and
advised the people to resi&t their execution ; and he
ha-t never aided in carrying into effect, but has
resisted, what arc called the " reconstruction laws."
Third Additional Article.
For that Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, by hUeorruptpracticesdid attempt to induce
the Senators-elect from the State of Colorado to per-
jure themselves, upon the condition of his signing
the bill admitting Colorado into the Union as a State,
and thereby admitting them as Senators of the Uni-
ted States.
He did also pardon and restore the rights of fran-
chisee onchundrcd and ninety-three deserters who,
during the war, had deserted from the United States
Army, upon condition that they would vote for the
Democratic party at the then immediately ensuing
election; and they did thus vote, and give to the
Democratic agent, Hon. Thomas B. Florence, the
sum of §1,000 in cash.
He appointed numerous persons to office who could
not take the test-oath, and did not take it, but were
allowed to act and discharge the functions thereof in
defiance of law.
He ordered agricultural scrip to be issued to the
State of North Carolina, which scrip was issued
under the act of 1862, when North Carolina, was in
armed warfare against the Union.
He restored, without authority of law, large tracts
of forfeited property; enough, it is believed, to pay
tho national debt, which had been forfeited under
act of Congress, approved July 17, 1862. By reason
of all which outrages this Government becamet im-
poverished,the people embarrassed, thorebelraiders
allowed to flourish, and the Constitution flagrantly
violated.
Tie sold pardons for money, or allowed it to be done
through pardon brokers.
Fourth Additional Article.
He did take from the Treasury of the United States
large tracts of land and large amounts of money,
sufficient, ifcis believed, to have paid our national
debts, and which had been transferred to tho United
States by act of tho 17th July, 1862, as enemies' prop-
erf y, to be applied to the expenses of tho wara.nd the
debts of the United States. This was corruptly and
unlawfully done without any authority of Congress.
Fifth Additional Article.
lie did usurp the powers of other branches of the
Government, and exercise the legislative power in
defiance of the Constitution, in creating or attempt-
ing to create new governments out of the territory
conquered from the " Confederate States of Amer-
ica," so called, and to govern them by his own mere
power, by forms unknown to the Constitution, with-
out consulting Congress, but defying their authority
when they had spoken, and denying the constitu-
tionality of the laws of Congress enacted to govern
gaid conquered territory.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that
this is a question of the highest privilege.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, when the English jurists undertook
to establish forms of jurisprudence, they estab-
lished two or more sets of tribunals—one for
the trial of high criminal offenses against the
good morals and the heart of society, in which
trials the most rigid rules of law and evidence
were observed, especially in the defense and
protection of the accused, and when conviction
was had, the most rigid punishments were in-
flicted to dete-r from future wrongs upon society,
not simply as punishment, but as example—
example being a large portion of the object,
but, punishment by no means overlooked.
But such wjkg the structure of their unequal
society that it was very difficult to bring large
malefactors to conviction and punishment for
offenses involving disgrace and capital inflic-
tions. Hence, wrongs committed by public
men against the mere administration of Gov-
ernment, if prosecuted as such, were apt to
escape punishment. Still it was necessary that
such public offenders should be deprived of
the opportunity of longer injuring tbe commu-
nity, and another tribunal was established for
their trial, composed of men elevated above
their sphere or dread of influence; and to
secure success the punishment for political
offenses on such conviction was in mostcases
reduced to mere removal from office, without
fine or imprisonment or disgraceful inflictions
suffered. Although the criminal feature was
i still retained in England, it was very much
, modified, indeed entirely changed, under our
I Constitution.
i But in England the objects of such trial were
soon perverted. Passion, revenge, and malig-
; nity refused to let large malefactors escape from
! the hands of those who were persecuting them
by impeachment, and they changed the punish-
ment to one of criminal extent, and inflicted
death by the block and gallows, as well as im-
prisonment and banishment upon many of the
high as well as low offenders. Many found
themselves arraigned and tried for the deepest
crimes in this form of proceeding, while the
acts they had done were merely of a "political
character. It was in this perverted state of the
English law that our Revolution broke out and
our Constitution was formed. So that our
statesmen and judges, groping in the dark for
the right reason of the law and seeing it " as
through a glass darkly," so construed our law
of impeachment that when the first cases under
itcame to be decided, and indeed all the sound
cases, the judges, though somewhat mystified
in the proper construction to putupon it, almost
uniformly excluded from the essence of the
impeachment all necessity for the charge of
moral guilt, malignity, crime, and malum inse.
They rejected the whole idea of the necessity
of the commission of indictable offenses, and
followed the text of Story, of Wharton, and the
precedentof Peck's ease asstatedby Buchanan,
Wharton, and Curtis, of the earlier case of
Chase, in neither of which is there any attempt
toprove li crimen and. malurninse," all recog-
nizing the doctrine that the great offense was
a political one purely, and the object of its
punishment the prevention of further injury by
the incumbent.
When lately—I mean by the Committee on
the Judiciary—Andrew Johnson wasimpeaclied
for high crimes and misdemeanors, which meant
simply high political offenses, a grand oppor-
tunity was presented, for the first time in this
country, for great judicial minds to lay down
broadly and forever the law of impeachments,
so that on the one hand they would not allow
political offenders to escape for abusing their
high trust, and on the other baud would not
allow heated and malignant demagogues to
persecute political opponents and rivals so as
to carry their punishments to thebloody marge
of hatred and vengeance.
If further punishment were found necessary
there would be no advantage from political
ascendancy, for then the prosecution would
proceed according to the impartial principles
of the common law, where justice could be
administered between man and man. I had
hoped that these great principles would have
been so elucidated by the learned Judiciary
Committee of this House that no future time
would produce the risk of judicial persecutions
and murders.
Of all prosecutions which T have ever wit-
nessed, either in civil or military affairs, that
result was to me the most unsatisfactory. I
speak of the first prosecution. I have nothing
to say of the last one, and I beg my remarks
will be so understood throughout. But hav-
ing my own views I must utter them in good
faith, without regard to the position which the
listener may happen to occupy. When that
prosecution was first commenced, I believed it
then, as I believe it now, to be the deep-seated
conviction of nine tenths of the honest men of
the party that the respondent was guilty and
ought to be convicted.
I admit that after the election of the new
President of the Senate there was a cooling off
in certain quarters, from motives which I have
never been able to fathom, and do not now
intend to scan. When the" Republicans of the
House came to scrutinize the acts of the Pres-
ident preparatory to taking evidence I believe
that none were of the opinion that the time
occupied in taking testimony would extend
over a period of more than twenty days.
To their minds the whole question was so
patent, so clear, lay so completely upon the
surfae% of events, that to seize it with the clear
'I intention to drag it into daylight was among
j! the tilings which it was impossible to evade,
for the slightest exposure would make every-
thing apparent to the naked eye.
But the Republican party fell info a great
error. In a short time it became apparent
that this was to be a work of very considerable
magnitude, if (he course pointed out were to
be pursued. Instead of investigating charges
of impeachment against the President, of the
United States on specific allegations, charges
extending to every crime and every folly which
a wicked, bad man could be guilty of were
eagerly sought for and gravely investigated, or
the investigation entered upon with a malignity
and feeling which could do no credit to so high
a tribunal.
To my mind the whole question of the guilt
of the respondent., the whole question of mal-
feasance in office by the President of the United
States, the whole question of his official "high
crimes and misdemeanors" lay within thirty-
six hours of the examination of the testimony
in chief if it had been properly confined to that
testimony.
But, these innumerable eggs were thrown
into tho nest of this investigation, until it was
more than full, and their was great danger of
their becoming addled.
They thought to break the elephant's back,
broad as it was, by piling upon it straws and
chaff bags, out of which was to be extracted
the heavy metal of decomposition ; and espe-
cially, if that would not prove sufficient, to
mount upon it two or three buxom damsels
seated on pillions; Mrs. Cobb proved too light.
Now, sir, I merely wished to lay before the
House and the committee a few reasons why I
was so wholly dissatisfied, as I have been and
am still.
That a misdemeanor is triable by a common
law court in England, and a felony is triable
as a high crime before a common jury, no one
doubts who has paid the least attention to the
common law. But no one can, and so far as I
know, no one does pretend that either of those
offenses can be tried under the law of Congress
at common law, there being no common law
in the United States.
Why, then, is it pretended that any common
law offense can be brought before a judicial
tribunal of the nation ? Why is it pretended
that any of the offenses charged against Jeffer-
son Davis and his associates can be tried as
criminal offenses before the Government on
impeachment? Whether they could now be
tried for riots and mutiny I give no opinion,
having always held that the sovereignty, when
it once reconquered its sovereign power, could
inflict just such punishment, and through just
such tribunals as it saw proper, not by virtue
of its old tribunals, but by virtue of its eminent
domain, or by virtue of its remnant of munici-
pal power.
Instead of alleging that impeachment can
only be instituted where there is an indictable
offense, I contend that the great object of
impeachment was to punish for malfeasance in
office—where there was no actual crime com-
mitted—no malfeasance against which an indict-
ment would hold, and against which no alle-
gation of evil intention need be made. In
other words, that proceedings in impeachment
should be had mainly where the true distinc-
tion was made between a charge againsta party
with malice aforethought in it, and a charge
against a party with no evil intention, but
with great injury to the country ; in short, that
they could be had mainly for political offenses ;
and that the grade of high crimes and misde-
meanors spoken of by the Constitution as sub-
jecting the party to impeachment^ did not
involve the guilt of malum in se or wickedness
of heart, so that the highest official in the
land can be impeached, convicted, and pun-
ished without having committed a single oflense
which involved malignity of heart.
If an officer cannot be impeached except for
an indictable offense, then you must wait until
he has done some injurious act with malice
afor'etho'ught. It cannot be, sir, that malice
