240
APPENDIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 11,
Senate.
Reconstruction—Mr. Dixon.
40ih Cong.... 2d Sess.
blow, strike off the shackles of the white race
and make them at least the equals of the
blacks. Will you do it? By so doing you
will, at this late hour, remove one of the prin-
cipal objections to your reconstruction acts.
The time has now actually come when we stand
here in the Senate of the United States and
ask yon to give the right of equal suffrage to
the white man. You refuse, is there no pur-
pose in this ? Sir, I think there is a purpose,
and I believe it is revealed in what I now pro-
pose to read, in an extract from a speeeh de-
livered at this session of the Senate, by the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.]
I had occasion once before to allude to the re-
marks in question, and lest I should misquote
the Senator, I have obtained from our faithful
reporter, Mr. Sutton, from the short-hand
notes taken_ at the time, the precise words
uttered by him. They were as follows:
Wx tract from notes of Mr. Wilson's speech. Dec. 4,1867.
"Since the morning of creation no seven hundred
thousand men have shown more principle, more
patience, more devotion, more of all the virtues to
bo commended than the seven hundred thousand
black men of the rebel States into whoso hands wo
have put the ballot and put the destinies of that por-
tion of the country; and whoever says otherwise
slanders and maligns thorn."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the Senator under-
stand that the Senator from Massachusetts was
speaking for anybody but himself?
Mr. DIXON. Of course not; but I claim
that the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts is a representative man. He represents a
large body of the people, and is generally ac-
cepted as a representative of his party.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Ho only represents the
people of his own State.
Mr. DIXON. " The destinies of the South
to be placed in the hands of the black man."
That, in few words, gives the design and effect
of the congressional policy. On that question
I await the final verdict of the people.
Mr. President, there is but one more point
in your reconstruction policy to which I wish
to allude, and my work is done. I find on
your table a bill which has already passed the
House of Representatives by a strictly party
vote, by which the power which lias heretofore
existed in the Supreme Court of the United
States to decide impartially all cases involving
constitutional questions, as they decide all other
questions, is, under certain circumstances,
taken from that august tribunal. I find, also,
in another bill, which passed the House of
Representatives and is now before the Senate,
a prohibition, complete and entire, against any
decision whatever on the question of its own
constitutionality, by that ancient and venerable
court, in which the Constitution declares the
judicial power of the United States to be
vested. I find another bill reported in one
House which takes from the same great tri-
bunal its time^honored and long-exercised ap-
pellate jurisdiction, in certain cases involv-
ing the constitutionality of an act of Congress.
Can the people of the United States look with-
out deep emotion, without alarm, without
indignation, upon the bare statement of such
a series of measures.
My colleague, who seems himself shocked at
their enormity, satisfies himself with the assur-
ancethat these measures are not yet adopted.
Sir, if my colleague had enjoyed the benefit
of even _ my own imperfect experience in the
peculiarities of radical legislation he would
at once dismiss from his mind any expectation
of relief from these radical measures to which
I have alluded, on the ground that they have
not yet been adopted. - The word, let me tell
him, has gone forth. By a party vote, two of
them have already passed one House, and if
my colleague supposes he can safely indulge in
the luxury of exercising his private judgment
in the vote he niay give upon them in this
body, his confiding inexperience is truly pain-
ful to behold. Sir, there is n > right of pri-
vate judgment permitted in the Radical party.
There are Senators before me who have at-
tempted to exercise it, and any comment by
me on the result might probably be considered
unkind and offensive. The Senate knows and
the country^knows when and how the lash has
been held in readiness; its application has
been witnessed; thedecreant and straying
members have meekly returned to the fold,
and the lesson has not been forgotten by their
fellows. I commend it to the careful consider-
ation of my colleague.
The honorable Senator from Indiana, [Mr,
Morton,] whose views now differ so widely
from those advocated with equal ability by him
three years ago, accounts for his own acknowl-
edged inconsistency by saying that he has been
educated by the progess of events. But while
it is true that newly-discovered facts may prop-
erly change opinions as to the expediency of
measures, yet great constitutional principles do
not rest upon events. State constitutions which
were vajid at the close of the war have not lost
their validity by the varyingevents to which the
Senator alluded; nor have the people of the
rebel States lost any power winch they then
possessed to form constitutions. If, for exam-
ple, Tennessee had a valid constitution in 1865,
established by the people while the State was
said to be in rebellion against the Government
of the United States, it is impossible for the
Senator from Indiana to show that valid State
constitutions did not or might not, at the same
time, exist in other States similarly situated.
How can the Senator claim, in view of the
joint resolution readmitting Tennessee into the
Union, from which I now read, that other se-
ceding States, as well as Tennessee, had not by
their people formed valid constitutions, or had
no power so to do?
That resolution declares, as follows:
( ""Whereas, in the year 1861, the government of the
State of Tennessee was seized upon and taken pos-
session of by persons in hostility to the United States,
and the inhabitants of said State in pursuanco of an
act of Congress were declared to be in a state of
insurrection against the United States; and whereas
said State government can only be restored to its
former political relations in the "Union by tho con-
sent of the law-making power of the United States;
and whereas the people ot said State did, on the 22d
day of February, 1865, by a largo popular vote, adopt
and ratify a constitution of government whereby
slavery was abolished, and all ordinances and laws
of secession and debts contracted under the same
werodcelarcd void; andwbercasaState government
has been organized under said constitution which has
ratified the amendment to the Constitution of the
United States abolishing slavery, also tho amend-
ment proposed by tlio Thirty-Ninth Congress, and has
done other acts proclaiming and denoting loyalty:
Therefore,
He it resolved, That the State of Tennessee is
hereby restored to her former proper, practical rela-
tions to the Union, and is again entitled to be repre-
sented by Senators and Representatives in Congress."
I ask Senators to femember that the consti-
tution of Tennessee, which, by this act, is de-
clared to have been in force in 1865, was
amended by the people of that State in the year
1863. The fact ofits amendment, ofcoursc,im-
pliesits valid existence. How wasit amended?
in the first place, President Lincoln, on the 3d
day of March, 1862, appointed Andrew John-
son military governor of Tennessee by the fol-
lowing order:
War Depaktmkxt, March 3,1862.
Sir: You are hereby appointed military governro
of tho State of Tennessee, with authority to exercise
and perform within tho limits of that State, all and
singular, the powers,duties,andfunetionspertaining
to theoffice of military governor, ineludingtbe power
to establish all necessary offices, tribunals, &c.
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
Hon. Andrew Johnson.
On the 19th day of September, 1863, Presi-
dent Lincoln issued an additional order as fol-
lows :
Executive Mansion.
Washington, D. C„ September 19, 1s63.
You are hereby authorized to exercise such powers
as may be necessaiy and proper to enable the loyal
people of Tennessee to presentsuch arepubliean form
of State government as will entitle tho State to the
guarantee of the United States therefor, and to be
protected undersuehStato government by the United
States against invasion and domestic violence. All
according to tho fourth section of the fourth article
of tho Constitution of the United States.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Hon. Andiiew JonNSON, Military Governor of Ten-
nessee.
Thus it appears that a republican form of
government was to be established in Tennessee
by order of President Lincoln. The Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Morton] now says that no
valid government was thus established. His
entire argument rests on this basis. Congress,
however, declared otherwise. The government
existing in Tennessee in 1865 is declared by
the act of Congress restoring Tennessee to
have been a government which had power to
abolish slavery intliat State, to ratify an amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States,
and to do other acts, &c.
I invite the Senator from Indiana to show, if
he can, in what respects the government and
constitution of Tennessee in 1865 wero more
valid and legal than those of other southern
States whose constitutions had been in a simi-
lar manner amended, President Johnson com-
menced and carried on the work of restoring
civil governments in those States in a manner
copied exactly from President Lincoln's mode
with regard to Tennessee. Congress declared
that State to have been possessed of a valid
constitution and State government in 1865.
The Senator then acquiesced and now acquiesces
in that declaration. Yet he insists in his elab-
orate argument that action in other States pre-
cisely similar to that in Tennessee, and had
underpreciselythe same circumstances, is usur-
pation.
He assumes on the entire foundation of his
argument that there were no valid govern-
ments at that time in any of the seceded
States. Such is the absurdity to which he and
others who agree with him are driven. Sir,
the truth is, there have been no events of such
a character as to justify the change in the Sen-
ator's opinions. He may have changed those
opinions for reasons perfectly satisfactory to
himself, and no doubt honestly entertained;
but he held them and ably advocated them
three years since, under a state of circum-
stances precisely similar as to their effect to
those now existing. The validity of State gov-
ernments and of State constitutions after the
war, the power of the people of States lately
in rebellion to form constitutions for them-
selves, and the existence of organized civil in-
stitutions there were then admitted by the
Senator himself, or nearly every Senator, as
1 have already shown. The honorable Sena-
tor from Indiana then supported the true doc-
trine by arguments which his own power of
reasoning has not been able satisfactorily to
answer. And the doctrine which he now ad-
vances, that Congress has a right by military
force to overthrow existing State governments
and set up others in their place, to compel a
people to adopt a constitution at the point of
the bayonet, was condemned in this body in
the strongest language by Senators who now
lead in the Radical councils. Sir, I propose
to recall to the recollection of the Senate some
utterances on this subject which have been
quite too soon forgotten. With due respect
for the Presiding Officer of this body, I shall
read some extracts from a speeeh delivered
here by him so late as January, 1S66:
''The Senator began by invoking the principles
and aid of the preceding Administration, and in-
iorrned us that the present Administration was pro-
ceeding upon the same principles that Mr. Lincoln
had adopted. _ It is true that Mr. Lincoln had entered
upon a certain policy in regard to the admission of
some of these States; the question was agitated be-
fore us,Ibelieve,during the whele period of the last
Congress; but, notvvsthstanding my anxiety to find
some way_ by which these States could be safely
admitted into the Union again, all the arguments
that were made for that purpose during that whole
Congress entirely failed to convince me that the time
liad arrived when it was safe to admit any of them;
and therefore, for one, I contended against it, and
with a good deal of zeal; and for that I, with somo
others here, was accused of being a little factious,
and sometimes it was said we filibustered against
the will ©f the majority to keep these States out.**
