nm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 7,
There are several objections to this section of
the Senate bill. First, as is so clearly sot
forth in the report of the Finance Committee
accompanying the bill, the currency should be
kept as distinct as possible from the funded
debt. Second, there is no necessity for having
these convertible bonds bear the same rate of
interest as the bonds which represent the
funded debt. Third, the bonds representing
the funded debt must be paid, principal and
interest, in coin, a portion of them must be reg-
istered, and provision made for changing from
coupon to registered under certain circum-
stances. The interest is made payable semi-
annually, which would involve great labor and
inconvenience in making the transfer, and also
labor and delay in casting the interest, day
by day, as the bond may be presented. Fourth,
there would be no gain in interest to the Gov-
ernment to pay for the transfer and retransfer
of the bonds. Fifth, the amount of bonds out
being about twenty-five hundred million dol-
lars, and only $400,000,000 convertible and
reconvertible, no one would have any assur-
ance that his bonds could be exchanged, as the
limit of $400,000,000 might be up just when
the holder of the bond might want to convert
into money.
The bonds, being exempt from all taxation,
would be purchased at the Treasury just be-
fore local assessments of taxes were made,
kept long enough to get the advantage of the
exemption, and then reconverted into money.
The gentleman from Massachusetts has, in
adopting the principles of the bill, only
amended it so far as to provide for the issue
of an additional $300,000,000 legal-tender
notes. The proposition involved in this amend-
ment is simply to issue an additional $300,-
000,000 greenbacks without any provisions for,
and apparently without any intention of, re-
deeming them in specie. To this I am opposed.
We should first reach specie payments and then
supply the country with just so much currency
as can be maintained on a specie basis and no
more.
The second bill, that to provide for a gradual
resumption of specie payments, proposes to
effect that object by gradually appreciating the
whole volume of the paper currency to a par
with gold, and then to continue it in circula-
tion, redeeming whatever may be presented
from time to time with the reserve of coin in
the Treasury and again reissuing it.
The bill provides that from and after the
1st day of May, 1868, all United States legal-
tender notes shall, when received into the
Treasury of the United States in the ordinary
course of business, be destroyed; and that all
the circulating notes of the national banks so
received shall be redeemed by the banks issu-
ing the same in United States notes, which
notes shall also be destroyed; and in lieu
thereof there shall be issued a like amount of
new United States notes, payable in coin on
demand at the Treasury of the United States
after one year from date of issue; that the new
notes shall be legal tender for the redemption
by the banks of their circulating notes, and for
all other purposes except for the payment of
duties on imports before maturity and the
interest on the public debt where such interest
is payable in coin ; that they shall not be legal
tender from the United States after maturity,
but may be issued as the equivalent of coin to
such of the public creditors as may elect to
receive them. The Secretary is authorized, if
he deem it expedient, after the payment in
coin of the notes first issued shall have com-
menced, to issue these notes payable in coin
on a shorter time than one year, but not on
less than three months. He is also authorized
to purchase coin to the amount of $50,000,000
in case it may be necessary to enable him to
maintain specie payments.
What will be the operations of this measure
if it becomes a law 1
The currency receipts at the Treasury for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867, were in
round numbers $814,000,000. Limiting the
■collection of internal revenue far the next
fiscal year to an amount sufficient to pay the
current expenses of the Government, exclu-
sive of the interest on the public debt, the enrr
rency receipts ought not, under an economical
administration, to exceed $180,000,000. As-
suming $180,000,000 to be the amount of cur-
rency receipts at the Treasury for the next
fiscal year, then this amount, being an average
of $15,000,000 per month, will by the 1st day
of May, 1869, have been converted into notes
payable in coin on demand, after one year
from date of issue, in the following manner:
during the month of May, 1868, $15,000,000
of the present legal-tender notes will be by daily
process changed into notes redeemable in
coin in all the month of May, 1869. During
the following month another like amount will
be exchanged, and the issue of both months
will ripen toward their respective times of
maturity. By the lstday of May, 1869, $180,-
000.000 in coin notes will have taken the place
of a like amount of the present greenbacks.
This volume of coin notes will then range in
maturity from a single day to a full year, and
the issue already ripe (the $500,000 issued May
1, 1868) will on May 1, 1869, be redeemable in
coin, and alike amount will become redeemable
on each following business day of the year, mak-
ing the total amount of notes maturing from
day to day and redeemable in coin up to May
1, 1870, $180,000,000.
The same process would be repeated (if the
greenbacks had not meantime appreciated to
a par with gold) during the year 1870; and on
May 1, 1871, all the United States notes now
outstanding would have become redeemable in
specie at the Treasury of the United States.
In other words, after the 1st day of May,
1869, the whole volume of the Government
currency would become redeemable in specie
at the Treasury, at the rate of $15,000,000 per
month, until May 1, 1871, at which time the
whole would have become so redeemable.
I firmly believe that the presentation and
redemption of the first $15,000,000 of these
notes would so establish public confidence as
favorably to settle the whole question by re-
ducing the margin between all the greenbacks
and gold to a nominal figure.
With the steady conversion of the green-
backs into notes redeemable in specie at a
specified time, and with the certainty of the
ability of the Government to redeem them as
promised, the whole volume of the currency
would begin to appreciate. The hoarded specie
would come out to realize the premium, which
would every day be reduced, and at no distant
day be entirely extinguished. The notes, pay-
able in specie as they approached maturity,
would probably be temporarily- hoarded, but
only to liberate the same amount in specie.
As fast as they matured and became redeem-
able in coin they would remain in circulation
as specie; being received for payment of duties
on imports and convertible into coin at the will
of the holder, they would be received in pay-
ment for interest on the public debt and for all
other purposes for which coin is now required.
Whenever any amount of these notes were
actually redeemed the same amount of coin
would be liberated from the Treasury, where it
now lies dormant, and become useful to the
community. Once place this paper circulation
of the Government upon a specie basis, and
establish public confidence in its permanence,
and we have practically added $350,000,000 of
specie to the amount now in circulation, and
thus furnished a medium for the redemption of
national bank notes.
Let us now see how the national bank notes
are to be effected by this mode of resumption.
While the process of conversion went on, and
perhaps until the maturity of all the coin notes,
they would probably be preferred to the na-
tional bank notes; but this preference would
only tend to retire the former temporarily from
circulation and impart an increased activity
to the circulation of the latter. The national
bank notes would still be legal tender for the
same purposes as now, and although the United
States notes might appreciate the fastest the
bank notes must be.drawn up with thein until
all reached the high level of specie redemption.
During the period of conversion about nine
million dollars per month of the national bank
notes would probably be received into the
Treasury, and this amount the bank by which
they were issued would be obliged to redeem
in United States notes, the currency receipts
at the Treasury being about three fifths in
national bank notes. This would be but three
per cent, of their circulation, and by repealing
the provisions in sections thirty-one and thirty-
two of the national currency act, which require
deposits by all the banks in the country at
certain points named for the redemption of
their circulation, they would only be obliged to
redeem at the Treasury of the United States
and at their own counters.
A monthly redemption by all the banks in
the country of their circulation which had found
its way into the Treasury of the United States,
and a gradual appreciation of the currency in
which the redemption is to be made until it
becomes equal to specie, would certainly be
more impartial and more beneficial to the pub-
lic than the present system, which compels all
the banks in the country to keep large deposits
with banks designated at certain points for the
redemption of notes that are never presented
for redemption, the deposits being loaned to
swell speculations in stocks and merchandise.
It may be objected that it would be inconven-
ient for the Government to exchange, and im-
pose some hardship upon the banks to compel
a redemption of their notes to the amount of
$9,000,000 per month. Grant that it may be
so. We must expect to be subject to some in-
convenience in effecting so great and beneficial
a change in our financial affairs. While 1 do
not agree with the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Bkoomall] that it is necessary to
paralyze business, check productive industry,
destroy confidence, and pauperize the labor of
the country in order to reach specie payments,
I do expect the effort to cost something. That
we can resume specie payments, not only with-
out any financial revulsion, but with a healthy
revival of business, if we will make an honest
effort in that direction, I firmly believe.
When the United States notes have all be-
come redeemable in coin on demand the banks
will be obliged to redeem their circulation with
them, an d for that purpose they will require from
one hundred to one hundred and fifty million
dollars. These notes, being as good as specie
to the banks, will not be presented at the Treas-
ury, but will be kept as a reserve for the re-
demption of their own notes; while the national
bank notes, being legal tender for most pur-
poses and convertible into notes redeemable
in specie, will only be presented for redemp-
tion_when specie or its equivalent is wanted
for actual use.
Mr. Speaker, a resumption of specie pay-
ments cannot be secured by any mere arbitrary
enactment that it shall take place immediately
or on any specified day in the future; not by
writing at once over the door of the Treasury
"Specie payments are resumed," nor by
giving an order that such inscription shall be
placed there on the 1st day of January, 1869,
nor by attempting the financial impossibility of
borrowing $250,000,000 of coin in Europe,
where our bonds are now selling at about
thirty per cent, discount, and removing it to
this country with the expectation of retaining
it as the permanent basis of our paper money.
If we promise to resume to-morrow the public
know the promise cannot be kept. The mar-
gin of forty per cent, existing between gold
and paper cannot be extinguished in a day.
The chasm between our paper currency and
gold cannot be leaped; it must be bridged. If
we promise to resume a year hence, with no
provision for appreciating, in the meantime,
our paper toward a par with gold, and no
provision guarding against the otherwise irre-
sistible effect of a sudden panic after the re-
sumption has taken place, the public will not
believe that we can perform our promise; and
this want of. faith insures a failure. And, sir,
