3788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is an ingredient that makes the maladminis-
tration of an officeholder either more or less
injurious to the public, better or worse, as it
does not operate directly on tho individual,
but on the Government. He may believe thai
a certain course of conduct tends to the good
ot' his administration and the country. lie
is warned by his advisers and by the legisla-
tive branch that he is mistaken and must desist.
He reconsiders it and persists, under the con-
scientious belief that he is right and his advisers
are wrong.
Here is no indictable offense, here is no in-
gredient which constitutes an indictable offense
—malice aforethought. And yet if there be
large interests at stake intrusted to his care
he may be crushing the life of the nation
while lie believes himself but doing his duty.
How can any man pretend that such acts as
these, which are destroying the welfare of a
whole people, and persevered in after re-
peated warnings, do not constitute impeach-
able offenses, although not indictable ones?
But has not this subject been adjudicated
time after time, and by tribunal after tribunal
Ilave not the elementary writers of the various
States of America, and of the General Govern-
ment of the United States, clearly and decid-
edly pronounced the same judgment? I refer
to Story, to Ilawle, to Madison, Hamilton,
May, and Curtis.
Seeing, then, that there are no obstacles in
the way of impeachment, let us go a little
further with the facts which are produced in
some slight manner to sustain the preliminary
action of this tribunal?
We will now partially consider the evidence
and arguments applicable to the first additional
article. To corrupt the youth of a nation was
held by Socrates and Plato to be among the
most atrocious of offenses, because it tended
to overthrow the solid forms of government,
and built up anarchy and despotism in their
place. If it were so in an oligarchy how much
more would it be so in a government where
the laws control, and where the laws should
be pure if that government is expected to be
conducted with purity, and to survive the tem-
porary shocks of tyrants? If it is proved or
known that Andrew Johnson attempted at any
time to corrupt the legal voters of the United
States, so as to change them from their own
true opinions to those which he himself had
adopted, then, I suppose, there are few who
will pretend that he was not guilty of a high
misdemeanor. We need hardly call witnesses
to prove a fact which everybody knows, and
nobody will deny; and yet in legal accuracy
it becomes necessary to prove by sworn evi-
dence the facts to which I have referred. Does
the sun shine at mid-day? It would hardly be
thought necessary to answer that question by
proof, and yet there is just as much necessity
for it as to prove that Andrew Johnson had
cjianged his whole principles and policy, and
entered into the most dangerous and damaging
contracts with aspirants for office to induce
them to aid him in changing the principles of
those who sought office. Did he not so author-
ize his known agents so to instruct Colonel
Selfridge, agentleman of high character? Who
does not thence believe that the patronage was
put into the hands of Doolittle, Cowan, and
that tribe of men for distribution on precisely
such terms and conditions as Cowan stated to
Colonel Selfridge? Show me a more shame-
less perversion of patronage in any country or
in any Government, however corrupt and des-
potic, and I will admit that Andrew Johnson
is pure as the icicles that hang on Diana's
temple. i
Can you look abroad over this country, even
with imperfect vision, without shuddering, and
forget the hundreds of instances even within !
your knowledge of the good and true Repub-
licans ejected from office without any charge
of misconduct, but simply for the reason that
they had not joined the party of the President?
Now, sir, I admit that when a new Execu-
tive comes into office it is not only proper but
■t is his duty to changc his office-holders.
especially the large ones, so as to remove from
power those who differ, and place those in who
agree with him, and in this way to propagate
the principles he advocates, and upon which
the people of the United States had placed
him in power. Not to do that would, I think,
be badly treating those who elevated him and
expected him to teach their doctrines. But
for an Executive who has been elected to office
professing and loudly proclaiming one set of
principles to change into a diametrically oppo-
site course all those principles through which
he was elevated to power, without surrender-
ing that power to those who gave it, and to
bribe by patronage, by money, or by the peo-
ple's offices, the very men who had assisted to
so elevate him to adopt other principles, and
thus to corrupt and pervert the good morals
of the country, so far as his patronage will
allow, seems to me to fall little shortiiyttrocity
of tho most corrupt practices of Europe in the
worst days of the corrupt courts of Charles and
Edward, and to put JudasIscariotto the blush.
Would to God that such an Executive had the
repentance of that remorseful malefactor, who
had been guilty of no indictable offense, but
had simply indicated by a kiss the identity of
the Master who trusted him.
But let us look a little further into the items
which the evidence discloses. I will speak now
of the acts which have been perpetrated by
the President in attempting to corrupt and
bribe citizens of the United States, now mem-
bers of Congress, and here ready to discharge
their duty.
Colorado, a virgin golden State, presented
herself for admission into the Union of the
States. She presented a constitution to which
no branch of the Government objected, so far
as I recollect, except the Republicans, who
insisted upon the allowance of the enfranchise-
ment of the blacks.
But it was objected to by the President upon
various grounds, among which was want of
population, together with others which I do
not find it necessary to recapitulate ; one of
which, however, I believe was his desire to
have all men enfranchised. Congress then so
modified it as to agree to accept it, with one
or two exceptions, among them that which I
have before mentioned.
They so directed their members of Congress,
the vote of whose Senators was necessary to
give the requisite two thirds majority to pass it
over the veto. Before this period had arrived
the President had set up a kingdom for him-
self and determined to people it with apostates
from honest communities. He informed the
Senators from Colorado that lie could not sign
the bill for the admission of their State unless
they agreed to support his policy in the course
ho had determined to pursue ; and he most dis-
tinctly said, if there be any truth in those gen-
tlemen, that if they thus supported him he
would in turn support them, and become their
friend, and give them his signature, which
would admit them into the Union. I know
that cavils have been had upon this point, but
I know, also, that no man of common honesty
would enter into the arrangement I have cited
unless both parties fully understood it to mean
precisely what I have stated. To say that
there was no written pledge is but an insult to
the high place and what ought to be the high
character of the Executive.
Supposing, then, that this offer was made, is
it a crime and misdemeanor, such as entitles
the prosecution to a verdictagainsttherespond-
eut and a consequent removal from office? In
my judgment if 110 other proposition were ever
made and proved, if the testimony of Mr. Evans
and Mr. Chaffee is not contradicted, there is no
honest tribunal upon the face of this globe
which would continue the President in his place
and enable him to go 011 disgracing the high
functions which a nation of freemen have placed
upon him. There is no jury in any portion of
the land who is not too intelligent to be de-
luded by any of the humbug arguments which
would cast such remarks into another quarter,
and make them mean anything else.
Ilcre then, sir, I might stop and say to you
and this body, which erf* you is it that is corrupt
and fit to be impeached and thrust forth from
your high offices? You' cannot both remain
where you are. One. of you, or both, speak
with a forked tongue, and require that the song
of Almonah, if they never complain, shall be
so punished that the indomitable energy of
their nature should never again be exhibited
in the land of civilization.
Sir, I am almost ashamed to charge the
respondent with so small an offense as cor-
rupting the lawful voters of the United States
to build up a party for himself, especially when
there are so many graver charges, charges
which, in any other country, would bring out
the block and sharpen the ax. But it may
be well to expose to the gaze of the loyal peo-
ple of the nation the conduct of him who
claimed to be pure, and who violated all his
claims. It is charged and proved, beyond the
possibility of a doubt, that one hundred and
ninety-three deserters from the United States
Army, who had taken with them their arms
and accouterments to the enemy, were par-
doned by the President a few days before the
election at which they were expected to vote,
ill order that they might cast their ballots for
Mr. Andrews, of Virginia, and Colonel Mont-
gomery, of Pennsylvania, both friends and par-
tisans of the President.
No one doubts, from the evidence of Col-
onel McEwen, that he urged the pardons upon
that ground alone. No one doubts that to
procure such pardons he paid my friend Tom
Florence $1,000, and that, by the way, is the
only redeeming part of the transaction ; for
had he mada it $2,000 I would have passed it
over without comment, so anxious am I that
my old friend should flourish in these times.
Does any one doubt that all these cases are
fully proved? If they do not, where is there
any man sufficiently corrupt to deny their
impeachable character in the Exec tive of the
nation? If there be any such, let him speak.
Butlet us pass over the quires of scandalous
testimony going to prove the respondent's
depraved appetite and licentious habits, as
matters to be dealt with to the shame of those
who selected him rather than by his public
accusers, and proceed to the graver charges
of embezzling or allowing others to embezzle
the public property, and of the abuse of the
high prerogative of the pardoning power.
On the 17th of July, 1862, Congress passed
a law, and a very comprehensive one, the first
four sections of which defined the punishment
of treason and misprision of treason. They
extended no further than to punishment by
death without confiscation. All the other
portions of the law, which is a long one,
treated the officers, soldiers, aiders, ana abet-,
tors of the so-called confederate States of'
America as independent belligerents, and pro-
ceeded to denounce against them the punish-
ment which should be inflicted and the penal-
ties which they should endure when conquered.
Among these penalties and forfeitures it was
expressly provided that the President of the
United States should seize all the property of
any member of the belligerent army, and pro-
ceed to have the same confiscated, not as the
property of traitors or citizens guilty of trea-
son, but as enemies' property, engaged in a
national war with the United States, whenever
subdued, and that the same should be applied
by the President to the Treasury of the United
States, to pay the expenses and damages which
the enemy had caused to be created on the
part of the United States.
Here was a most distinct, emphatic transfer
of all the property belonging to the independ-
ent belligerent, and to all the members, aiders,
and abettors of the so-called confederate gov-
ernment, whether as officers or soldiers, and
the same was directed to be appropriated to the
Government of this nation. By virtue of sub-
sequent laws, which! have not time nor strength
to enumerate, all the abandoned property of
the independent belligerents who should have
loft their homes was directed to be seized by
