fHE CONGRESSIONAL G&OHB.
January 7,
following. If those States were represented
here in the Senate at the present time this tax
would not be collected. 1 would greatly pre-
fer that the tax of two and a half cents should
remain for the next year in order that the
States that have been so unjustly proscribed
and so partially treated in regard to this mat-
ter might have some idea before them sufficient
to induce the agitation of the question which
will necessarily lead to its repeal. I am satis-
fied that even under the present arrangement,
with the view I take of the progress of recon-
struction, the whole question will be settled by
the time these States are admitted back into
their positions here. I know very well that
there could not be obtained a single vote from
any portion of the South to support such an
odious discrimination against their product.
1 had no idea when this bill was brought
before the Senate originally that so much effort
would be made to retain an odious discrimina-
tion against the labor of those States. Sir,
those States are not taxed because they are
rebels by any means, because the tax does not
come off those persons. It is not because there
were traitors there by any means. It is not
against treason that this is meant. It is a dis-
crimination against the labor of the agricultu-
ral States, as they are termed.
It has been urged as a reason for the reten-
tion of this tax that if it is not collected from
cotton no taxation whatever can be collected
from those States. Sir, is there any portion
of the Union that is so thoroughly taxed as
this portion is? These people are taxed on
everything they eat, drink, and wear. They
pay the northern manufacturers the tax on all
the products that they manufacture for them.
They pay the European manufacturers for all
that is brought to them. They pay other coun-
tries for all their tea, sugar, and coffee. They
pay their income tax. They pay their taxes on
every instrument of writing that they have.
They pay not only this tax, which now amounts
to twenty-five per cent, on all the cotton that
is retained in this country, but they pay forty
per cent, and more on all they send abroad
and which comes back to them in another
shape. They are taxed going to market and
they are taxed coming back. There is no por-
tion of the country that is so thoroughly taxed
as ,the cotton-growing States are; and it all
comes off the negroes who have been freed.
They are the men that make the cotton now
as they are the- men that made the cotton
before.  
This proposition to tax them, even for the
purpose stated by the Senator from Vermont,
of distributing their labor and directing it in
other pursuits—a system which would drive
them to that—is little better than the arbitrary
system which drove them into the cotton field.
I say now that cotton never could have been
produced by either black or white men if they
had been left to their own choice in regard to
it. It was only the arbitrary and vile system
that was adopted in the South that drove these
men into the fields and extorted by the lash
the labor that produced cotton at any time.
The Senator from Kentucky said he never saw
a white man that would go into a cotton field
and produce cotton. Why, sir, it was but the
oppressive system of slavery, that blasted the
very land itself, that drove these people, forced
them into the cotton fields.
Senators should recollect that it requires no
severe tax, no unjust discrimination against
the labor of the southern States to keep the
people out of the cotton fields. As soon as
the colored men can have any 'opportunity of
directing their labor in any other branch of
industry whatever, as soon as they can have
lands to cultivate, they will cultivate no cotton.
It is at all times a dangerous crop to raise;
it is a very uncertain one; it is the most
impoverishing crop that was ever cultivated
on land. It is raised by the poorest people in
the world; and it was never cultivated but
from the consideration that the master had the
power to drive these people into the fields and
force them to do it. It is the shadow of the
same institution that lingers ov«r that^country
at the present time that forces them to culti-
vate it. In the finer cotton lands, in the allu-
vial lands of the Mississippi, they have culti-
vated large crops of cotton and left the culture
of corn during the past year. In the poorer
lands, where the people are left to their own
choice to do as they please, they have culti-
vated very little cotton; they have directed
their attention to the culture of corn, and
generally have enough of it there.
Thus it will be seen that these States and
these people pay all the taxes that any other
portion of the country pay, and they consume
quite as much as any other section of the
country. ■
It has also been argued that we should pro-
duce a small crop of cotton because we get more
money for it. I think that is a worn-out argu-
ment altogether. It is true, as stated, that we
got a less money value for a large crop, perhaps;
but that is no way of estimating the value of
that crop. We brought back not dollars from
the European markets, but we brought back
yards of cloth, and our happiness and our wants
were supplied in proportion to the number of
yards of cloth we brought back. When cotton
was cheap cloth was cheap. There was the
advantage of producing a large crop, an abun-
dance of this staple. There is just as much use
in producing an abundance of cotton as an
abundance of wheat. If a small crop of cotton
is beneficial why not a small crop of wheat?
If a tax is good for the regulation of this spe-
cies of industry why not put it on wheat?
That is a crop raised from Maine to Texas, in
every State of this Union; but here is an
article, cotton, that is raised in but few States,
and it is singled out as the sole, solitary agri-
cultural production of this nation that is to be
taxed, and I believe without the authority of
the Constitution.
I did not intend to detain the Senate any
length of time, and I have but one more remark
to make. It is said that foreigners will pay
this tax, and therefore we ought to retain it.
Sir, I am one of those who do not see either
the policy or the morality of that argument.
Every individual should pay his own debts and
support his own household. Every nation
should pay its own debts and support its own
Government. If there was no other argument
than that it comes out of foreigners it would
be a sufficient argument to me to oppose it
because the United States have no right to tax
other nations, either to pay their debts or to
support their Government. It is just as wrong
for one nation to seize and appropriate the
labor of another nation as it is for one indi-
vidual to seize by any discrimination whatever
and appropriate the labor of another indi-
vidual.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did say—I do not know
that I intended the honorable member from
Missouri to hear me—that I thought his amend-
ment was unnecessary; and, notwithstanding
the explanation he has given, I am forced still
to be of that opinion. The law as it stands pro-
vides a mode of collecting the tax which is now
levied. All that is done by the bill upon your
table, if it shall become a law, is to suspend
for a time the payment of that tax, and it only
suspends consequently the provision which the
law contains in connection with the collection
of a tax of that kind. The moment the sus-
pension terminates the whole legislation now
in force goes into actual operation. There is
such a thing, to be sure, as being cautious, and
caution should be observed; but there may be
caution that is altogether unnecessary. It
might be considered, perhaps, as subjecting us
to the suspicion that we do not exactly under-
stand what the laws are. I do not mean to say
that that is the condition of my friend from
Missouri, for I am sure it is not. He is a ripe
and astute lawyer. His object, of course, is a
very praiseworthy one. He wishes to avoid 
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to hear the
Senator from Maryland, but there is so much
noise that we cannot hear him in this part of
the Chamber.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
too much noise in the Chamber; the Senator
cannot be heard.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will say to the honora-
ble member from Tennessee that I was not
speaking to the general subject. I suppose
that has been disposed of. I was addressing
myself exclusively to the amendment proposed
by the honorable member from Missouri. I
understood him to say that without the amend-
ment it might be doubtful whether there would
be any provision for the collection of the tax
which would be due in 18G9. What I said
was, that as the present law, which imposes
the tax, provides for the mode of collecting it,
and as we propose only to suspend that col-
lection for one year, at the termination of that
year the tax is to be levied again, and is to be
collected under the provisions of the same law
which is in force now.
The amendment was agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 22, noes 17.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have an
amendment to offer that I think will meet the
approbation of the entire Senate. I am author-
ized by the Committee on Finance, I believe
unanimously, to propose an amendment, to
insert at the end of the bill the following
proviso:
Provided, That the duty on raw cotton imported
from foreign countries on and after April 1,1868, and .
until April 1, lStitf, shall be suspended.
I will merely state that up to the time when
an internal tax was placed upon cotton there
was no duty at the custom-house upon* any
imported article of cotton. Within the last
few years a considerable amount of business
has grown up in the manufacture of grain bags
for the West, and Surat cotton is used for that
purpose very extensively, and it would be
proper, if this manufacture is to continue at all,
that we should allow the coarse Surat cotton
to come in free when our own cotton is exempt
from tax. That is all there is of it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments as
made in Committee of the Whole. How shall
the vote be taken on the amendments, together
or separately?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I ask for a separate
vote on the amendments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
question will be on concurring in the first
amendment made in Committee--of the Whole,
which will be read.
The Secretary read the first amendment,
which was in line three of the bill to insert the
word "raw" before the word " cotton" and
in the same line to strike out theword " after"
and to insert the word " during," and in line
four tostrikeout " 1867" and to insert" 1868,"
so as to make the bill read:
That all raw cotton grown in the United States
daring the year 1868 shall be exempt from internal
tax.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not see any neces-
sityof amendingthe bill byputtingin the words
"raw cotton grown in the United States."
There is no other cotton grown but raw cot-
ton. Why talk about raw cotton grown in the
United States such a year? It is all raw.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the language of
the old law.
Mr. WILSON. I hope ws shall not concur
in this amendment. I think we had better vote
for the bill as it came from the House. We
propose now to suspend the tax for the year
1868. I take it there is nobody who believes
that we shall ever collect any cotton tax after
that. You will have all the odium of the thing.
You had better do the clean thing at once and
pass the House bill. You propose to suspend
the tax for the year 1868. By that time these
States will be represented in these Chambers,
and there will be a majority who will vote
against the tax. I think we had better repeal
the tax outright at once.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not propose myself
