1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'3789
the Army and Navy of the United States and
to be transferred to the officers of the Freed-
men's Bureau, in trust for the freedmen and
thnse who were made destitute by the war.
Theselaws, also, were absolute and unqualified,
and admitted of no ambiguity, no doubt of their
construction, and under them large amounts
of property were seized.
Under the first-named law the officers of the
Government, as fast as our armies conquered
the country, seized the lands and goods of the
enemy, and instituted proceedings for confisca-
tion. No one, 1 suppose, doubts that had these
laws been fully carried out enough revenue
would have been produced to pay the whole of
our national debt, together with the damage
done to loyal men by the enemy, both in south-
ern territory and in the northern States which
they invaded, and that, too, without seizing one
particle of property whose owners were worth
less than twenty thousand dollars. No poor
man, guilty or not guilty, would hare been dis-
turbed in his possessions, or, if the proceeding
be a hard one, would have been unjustly pun-
ished for his offense. Fortunately for such a
proceeding tlie South was a land of satraps
and nabobs, and their estates were of almost
indefinite extent. I once had an estimate by
competent men in the Census Bureau, and I
found that it would affect less than sixty thou-
sand men out of a population of some six
million. Now, it would seem that no one who
desired the punishment of crime and a remun-
eratien for wrong done could much object to
such a proceeding, unless all his ideas of jus-
tice were perverted, and he would turn the
punishment of the malefactor on the innocent
and his reward on the guilty.
When the President had been commissioned,
like the tormentor of Job, to deal with a nation
to whatever devilish extent he chose, in order,
I suppose, to try their virtue and the endurance
of the fire of liberty, and had commenced his
acts of torture and injustice, he began by par-
doning the most lofty rebels, having first exon-
erated all of the lower grade, and ordered to
be restored to them the land which had been
seized as enemies' property by the conquering
power.
Of course I cannot now attempt to enumer-
ate the one tenth part of the property which
had been seized, and which, under the vain
idea that a pardon restored it, the President
ordered to be returned to his friends, the ori-
ginal owners. A few specimens may serve for
the whole. General Sherman, in company
■with the Secretary of War, had seized Charles-
ton and the adjacent mainland, together with
the Sea Islands, so famousjor cotton, and had
set aside these islands and the margin of the
water fronts as homesteads for the liberated
freedmen, as some slight recompense for their
lives of toil. On those islands more than forty
thousand persons were thus provided with com-
fortable homes—made, as they thought and all
thought, proprietors of the soil and independ-
ent landholders. The testimony shows that
four hundred and fifty thousand acres of the
mainland were laid off in a similar manner for
the accommodation of these unhappy freed-
men. The testimony also is that more than
two thirds of Charleston were taken possession
of on behalf of the United States, and for the
same purpose.
Now, what those Sea Islands and Charleston
were worth I have no means of knowing—
many millions, says the testimony. I should
think they were valued very low at a billion.
And who were they given to? The testimony
shows that, thev were given to the richest men
in the South ; "Aiken, Trenholm, and Whaley,
and others of the opulent, who were proved to
have made vast amounts of money by block-
ade-running during the war. The estates of
tlie.->e three are estimated at from five to twenty
millions each; taken altogether, but little short
of si billion. The abandoned property in Vir-
ginia, Lo isiana,andotherprovinceswasproved
to be very large, and would most probably
carry up the aggregate to $1,500,000,000. But
it matters not what the abandoned property
was worth. The real estate of the rich belliger-
ents over the value of $20,000 each would
more than pay all our national debt and the
damages done loyal citizens. To be sure, the
expenditures which we have already incurred,
probably exceeding $3,000,000,000, can never
be regained from the enemy, for there is no
trace of their amount. Let us see how the
account would stand. The liquidated debt, as
reported by the Departments, is returned at
about $3,000,000,000, and if the Government
is foolish enough to pay, under the pretense
set up by bondholders tha,t it ought to be paid
in gold instead of money, it will probably reach
$5,500,000,000—an enormous debt, which no
nation ever incurred and survived. But taking
it for gi-anted that no Administration ever dared
to give awav of the people's money more than
$1,500,000,000 or $2,000,000,000 that do not
belong to the claimants, and taking it for
granted that no clamor of bondholders or
shavers or hired editors will ever induce an
honest Secretary of the Treasury, or an honest
Administration to pay the debt in anything but
lawful money when it falls due, still I suppose
the debt would amount to over $3,000,000,000.
Now, the property already seized as confis-
cated and abandoned, from the evidence taken
before the Committee on Reconstruction and
the various reports from the Freedmen's Bu-
reau, could it have been all applied in that
direction, would have nearly paid, if not quite,
the obligations due by the United States to the
various holders both in Europe and America,
including the certified indebtedness and legal
tenders. This property, you remember, is
ordered by act of 17th of July, 18G2, and other
acts, to be reduced to money and paid to defray
these very claims. And if that course had
been pursued by the President, who was ex-
pressly commanded to see it executed, the debt
which'now by the weekly statements looms up
to about twenty-five hundred million dollars
would have been liquidated and paid. Why
was not this done ? By the law of nations and
by the practice of every well-regulated Govern-
ment, the conqueror compels the vanquished
belligerent in an unjust war to pay not only the
debt incurred by the victorious party, but all
the damages caused by the invasion and inroads
of the enemy.
It was the duty of the President, and which
he had sworn to perform, to convert this prop-
erty into money and pay off this debt. Had
he not been guilty of official perjury the whole
of the bonded debt, which is now a lien upon
evei-y man's property, would have been paid
or be in process of payment out of the confis-
cated funds of rebels.
But he preferred to grant them pardons, and
then order that the property seized, either as
belligerent or abandoned property, should be
restored to its rebel owners. IIow much the
restoration cost those whose influence was used
to gain their pardons and procure their restora-
tion I do not undertake to argue. I should be
very sorry if any man's reputation were to de-
pend upon the testimony of the Cobbs, Davises,
and Bakers upon such points as these. That
they were probably right in their account of his
social intercourse with them 1 think likely;
but that would no further implicate him in high
crimes and misdemeanors, or be relevant evi-
dence, than as it went to show a looseness of
morals which would induce honest and upright
men to give but little faith and credit to any of
his acts.
If the property to which we have already re-
ferred had paid off the national debt and relieved
the United States from its burdens, it is clearly
proved that a very large amount of surplus
remained to the large land-holding belligerents
after the war was ended. In all the slavehold-
ing States, farms, instead of occupying two or
three hundred acres, were manors of from three
to thirty thousand acres. The brothers of Jeff.
Davis, it is shown, were owners of hundreds of
thousands of acres of the richest bottom lands
of Mississippi, and too proud to ask for pardon
that they might save them. They bade defiance
! to the conqueror, and their relations had to
make the application for them. When one of
these high culprits was pardoned, the Presi-
dent invariably ordered a restoration of his
property by a clear violation of the Constitu-
tion. He has the pardoning power, but that
power does not take from the Treasury^ any
property of the United States and bestow it on
the convict.
Where an act of Parliament, or of the legis-
lative power of a nation declares the forfeiture,
and orders its application for the purposes of
the Government, it is beyond the pardoning
power of the Executive. It is not a case that,
comes within the law of forfeiture at common
law, but it is one that requires precisely the
same power to restore it that it .did to take it
away. I feel no doubt, therefore, that the
restoration of this property was all a nullity,
and it is the duty, and has been the duty, of
the Executive ever since he has seized this
property to convert it into money and apply it
to the payment of the national debt. If we
are right in this, is it not the duty of every
member of this body who has any respect for
his constituents or any regard for his oath to
put the respondent upon his trial and see how
far he is guilty? Any other course, it seems
to me, savors so much of party corruption and
party demoralization that it can be accounted
for in no other way than, in looking over this
body, to suppose we are beholding not an
amphictyonic council, but an assembly of cow-
ards. I will not, therefore, believe that any
adverse vote will be had until I have heard
the responses as the parties are called.
There is but one tiling further on this branch
of the subject which I deem it, necessary or
even proper to touch. For if the fact be as I
suppose, and its exhibition do not induce this
body to vote for impeachment, then all effort
wei'e vain, and wo should not obey, though one
were to raise fiom the dead to instruct us.
After all the governments in the ten or eleven
conquered States which had formed the con-
federate States of America had been subdued,
crushed, conquered, by the United States, and
were admitted to be subject to their disposal
and lying prostrate at their mercy, the ques-
tion, a grave though not difficult one, arose :
in what way shall they be governed? The
conqueror had a right to impose just such laws
as he chose, within the bounds of humanity,
lie had a right to give them new farms of gov-
ernment, new constitutions and laws, to oblit-
erate their old boundaries and make new ones.
Who did I say had that right ? The conqueror,
the nation, the Government, that had subdued
them. That conqueror, in every nution claim-
ing to be free, consists of the legislative power
of the empire. The Commander-in-Chief of jts
armies, its judiciary, had nothing to do with
the permanent governments to be set, up, ex-
cept to obey and execute any laws which tho
legislative power might deem proper to pass.
That was resolved and decreed, not once sim-
ply, but more than once, by a two thirds vote,
until every person belonging to either branch
of the Government was fully aware of it. And
until those governments were established it
was just as clear that the conquered provinces
had no lot in Israel. And, in order to give
them any right, they must petition the con-
quering power and receive whatever terms it
might deem fit to give.
Whatever might have been the doubt of
ignorance and ambition immediately after the
contest, no one not entirely destitute ot the
proper knowledge of the law of nations and the
decrees passed by this Government can now be
in ignorance of the fact that such is the law
which this nation determined to enforce. But
the executive officers thought themselves supe-
rior to the sovereign power of the nation, and
instead of consulting them and obeying theu
instructions they proceeded to institute gov-
ernments of their own, to dictate the kind oi
laws and constitutions under which theu- sub-
jects should act, and how they should demean
themselves so as to be represented in the nation.
The sovereign legislative power rejected tins
proceeding, and ordered new governments t.o
