1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
241
40TH COJJG....2D SBSS.
Reconstruction—Mr. Dixon.
Senate.
X call the attention of the Seoate to these
remarks of the honorable Senator from Ohio:
"Kow, sir, I wish to say that in my judgment
President Johnson has made a great improvement
upon the state of things that existed during the last
Congress, although, as yet, he has not reached the
point where I think the difficulty begins."
Mr. HOWARD. What is the date of that
speech V
Mr. DIXON. January 18, 1866 ; but little
more than tw-o years ago.
He continues:
"Mr. Lincoln advised us to ndmit Louisiana into the
Union at a time when probably more than one half
her territory was trampled beneath the hostilpfeet
of the enemy. Our flag did not cover her tcrritoiy,
andperhapsnothalfher population, when hethou^ht
it would be safe to permit her to come back into
the councils of the nation and participate with ua
Union men in the great work of legislation. I had
not seen anything in the proceedings of the people
there that warranted mcin saying that that would
be safe, and therefore I thought it besfcto make what
stand I could agnin^t that measure. You will recol-
lect, sir, that Mr. Lincoln did not then require, if I
recollect aright, in order to the admission, anything
more than that one tenth part of the population of
Louisiana should take a certain oath, and that not
a, very difficult one, and when they had done that
the State was to be in a condition to be admitted.
Mr. Johnson, I repeat, has made an improvement,
and a great improvement, upon all this, for he does
require, if I understand him, that they, by their fun-
damental law, shall abolish slavery; ho requires at
thciv hands that they shall repudiate the rebel debt:
he requires that they shall renounce the right of
secession; he requires that they shall agree to the
constitutional amendment abolishing slavery for-
ever. These, in my judgment, aro great improve-
ments upon the system adopted by Mr. Lincoln.
Had Mr. Lincoln himself"—
And here I beg* to call the attention of the
Senate particularly to this—
" at that period, required these things, and had the
States assented to them, Lbelieve I should then have
yielded to his wishes and given my support to the
measure."
Sir, that is very significant language, and it
comes from a very important source. I am
now denounced, and every conservative man
here is denounced; as desiring to bring bloody-
handed rebels into Congress, when so distin-
guished a leader as the honorable Senator from
Ohio, now in the chair, declares to us that if
Mr. Lincoln's policy, which he then opposed
in a written protest, had been as good as Mr.
Johnson's he would have adopted it. The
ground taken by President Johnson satisfied
him, and if President Lincoln had taken the
same ground he would have yielded.
"Had Mr. Lincoln himself, at thatperiod, required
these things, and had the States assented to them, I
believe I should then have yielded to his wishes"—
It seems President Lincoln had wishes on
this subject as well as a policy—
41 and given my support to the measure."
But that is not all. Sir, there was no more
able and eloquent defender of President John-
son two years ago in this body than the present
Presiding Officer of this body. I well remem-
ber his speech. Again he says :
" Why, then, did the President impose these con-
ditions on the secedcd States ? Because they are out
of the Union, and therefore he was right in demand-
ing conditions. I say ho has done well, so far as ho
has gone."
Of whom was the Senator from Ohio then
speaking? What was the subject under dis-
cussion? It was denied here that President
Johnson had a right to impose conditions upon
the southern States, and the honorable Senator
from Ohio says:
" Why, then, did the President impose these con-
ditions on the secedcd States? Because they are out
of the Union, and therefore he was right in demand-
ing conditions."
He adds:
" I say he has done well, so far as he has gone."
That was on the 18th of January, 18G6. I
thought so, too. I think so still. Other Sen-
ators have changed their opinion. Then the
Senator went on to give his views as to a mili-
tary organization in the southern States. There
were some then who, anticipating events, pro-
pose to adopt what we have now adopted, a
military organization to govern the southern
States ; and if there was a Senator in this body
40th Coxa. 2d Sess,—No. 10.
who denounced it, as we should have expected
him to do from his known character and love
for free institutions, with more force and abil-
ity than any other Senator, it was the honor-
able Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] then sit-
ting on my left. He says:
"Again, sir, I deny that the organization of these
State governments in the South has begun at the
right end so far. I contended during the last Con-
gress that the President had no light by Military
Order No. 37> or any other military order, to organ-
ize a State government anywhere. Our Government
must be a Government of the people. In this coun-
try you cannot force a Government upon anybody.
It might be very convenient if we could. A despotic
Government may do it with perfect ease. When
Russia conquers Polandshe may tramplo her under
foot, bccnuse armed with despotic, irresponsible
power. When we conquer a people wo must deal
with them within the pale ot tho Constitution, in
analogy to the great principles of our glorious free
Government,"
That is the very ground I took then and
take still. When we deal with a conquered
people we must deal with them within the pale
of the Constitution, not "outside of the Con-
stitution." The latter was a recent discovery
reserved for another distinguished gentleman
who also claims to be a leader of the Radical
party and whose claim must be admitted. The
Senator from Ohio tells us that "when we con-
quer a people we must deal with them within
the pale of the Constitution, in analogy to the
great principles of our glorious free Govern-
ment—notas Russia conquers Poland. Why,
sir, that illustration seems to be resorted to at
this time by men of conservative views. Some
historical allusions have been made here. Two
years ago an honorable Senator known as a
Radical member of the body could refer to
the course pursued by Russia toward Poland.
** Who has asked the President and Congress to es-
tablish civil government in tho South? IIow can
Democrats contend that a people shall be bound by
an organization emanating from the center? That
is not the place for it to originate. These people must
beheld under military subjugation (though an equit-
able one I would contend tor) until they themselves
shall see that the time has comc when they can act in
accordance with the old Constitution and Govern-
ment of the United States. They have not come to
that yet, and nobody is surprised that they have not.
Do you suppose that in a moment the temper and
disposition of men who breathed firo and wrath
againstyou for four long years, and murdered three
hundred thousand of your bravest sons, and commit-
ted all the atrocities to which I have alluded, have
been so changed that they will ask to be taken back
into that Government which they had invoked for-
eign despotisms to overthrow, and to destroy which
they had hazarded their lives and fortunes?
"I know that the southern people will come back.
I know it is as much for their interest, and infinitely
more for their intcrestthan it is for ours. We ail have
a pride in tho whole nation; as the Senator from
Wisconsin said, we will neverconsentto lose a single
star from the old Hag; butwhen worepair this breach
I want it to be done by tho people of the South be-
coming convinced that it is for their interest, and
telling us, 4 We are sick of war; we arc sick of con-
tending against the power of the United States, and
wo ask and petition Congress now to permit us to or-
ganize a State government in accordancc with the
Constitution of the United Slates.'"
Then he goes on to say:
" I know that they will come in duo time, but you
cannot iorce it."
He was for waiting, giving them an oppor-
I tuuity. .■ Ho did not denounce them because
' they were not ready to return at that moment.
He adds:
"What I wish to inculcate and insist upon is tho
utter absurdity of supposing that a democratic peo-
ple can iorce another people to join them and com-
ply with the forms of the Government when their
hearts are at variance with it. The old maxim was
that one man could lead a horse to water, but ten
men could not make him drink. You cannot make
a people drink in democracy until they are ready tor
it. You may give them the forms, but they are all
idle ceremonies unless they are imbued with the
spirit. Govern them justly by the strong arm of the
nation until such time as they themselves shall have
had an opportunity to reflect, to cool otf, to become
willing that a State government should be revived
over them, when they see their interest plainly in
that direction. When that is done there is no doubt
they will come asking to be allowed to have a State
government, some sooner, some later. Time is a
great clement in all such cases."
The Senator did not denounce them at that
time, but they have been bitterly denounced
sine-e by Senators because they did not accept
our terms in a moment. The fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution was proposed in July,
1866, and when we came together in the fol-
lowing December it had not been ratified. This
was held up as proof of the fact that that peo-
ple were still rebels because in three months
they had not accepted those propositions. The
Senator from Ohio took a very different and
much more statesmanlike view of it.
He said:
. -^f)d until the people themselves can agree to it
it is vam and idle, and worse, to contend that you
can force them into this Government by this hot-
house operation, and induce them to harmonize with,
you. Ihcy will come back in due time, no doubt,
and no man will rejoice more than Ishall when that
time shall comc, and I ean tell you when it will come.
Leave them to themselves; do not send your great
officers down there to persuade them."
I wish that advice had been followed.
" Do not send your great officers down there to per-
suade them ; do not leaveyour conquerorwith arms
in his hands to say to them, 'Come up. and make such
and such a constitution, and come into the Union
with it.'"
The very thingyou propose to do to-day, aud
those of us who have followed this advice are
now called rebels and traitors. Mr. Wade
added:
"That is not tho way; but govern them equitably
until it is shown by their petitions, by.their speeches,
by their actions, which nobody can mistake, that the
great heart of that people has relented and repented
of the crimes they have committed, and that they aro
willing and anxious to come back to the Union as tho
ark of their safety, and there lodge and travel and
act with us.
"Sir. Ishall look as anxiously as any other man
to see that thero is this repentance, this temper and
disposition, that will enable us, when they ask it, to
say to them,' You shall have the right hand of fel-
lowship, you shall stand on as high ground as yott
ever stood on before:' but I can never consent that
a government shall be organized from this central
point to bring States into the Union."
Do we understand the English language?
Is not that what you now propose to do—to
organize a government here from this central
point to bring States into the Union?
" You can bring them in by the Army of the Uni-
ted States; you can force them to go through the
form ot making a State government and send their
Delegates here; bufcwould that bea republican gov-
ernment? Would that be a democracy? Would it
be a government having its authority in the consent
of the people, such as our great Declaration of Inde-
pendence calls for?"
Mr. SUMNER. Who says that?
Mr. DIXON. I have already said, the Sena-
tor from Ohio, now presiding over this body,
[Mr. Wade.] The Senator considers him au-
thority—oneofthegreatest. Sir, I had not long
to search for that speech in the Congressional
Globe. Its echoes have been ringing in my
ears for tho last two years. I listened atten-
tively to the speech at the time of its delivery,
and it was not easily forgotten. I thought it
right then, and I think it right now.
Mr. President, what was then denounced in
such able and eloquent terms is the very thing
now proposed. Where are we? Is it so that
there is 110 such thing as consistency ? Are
events rushing on at such tremendous speed
that in two years what was anti-republican,
anti-democratic, wrong, unstatesmanlike, im-
proper, becomes right, becomes republican,
becomes correct, and a policy which the Gov-
ernment and the people of the United States
are called upon to adopt and accept? Now,
sir, at that time this distinguished Senator not
only said that up to that period President
Johnson's policy had been avast improvement
upon that of President Lincoln, but he also
said that if President Lincoln had advanced so
far, had raised himself to so high a plane as
Andrew Johnson, he would have adopted tne
policy.
If it was a right policy to adoptunder Pres-
i! ident Lincoln, it was a right policy to adopt
|| under President Johnson. What did the opn-
,[ ator mean? There are some things which
!| finite minds cannot understand. It was either
i right or wrong. If it was right, it was right
I: under Andrew Johnson as it would have been
i: under Abraham Lincoln. But I am not onti-
