1668.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"May" in the second line, and insert " July."
This is as to the time when this change shall
go into effect; and the same modification,
substituting "July" for "May" should be
mad*, in the sixteenth line.
Thfe PJRESIDENT^ro tempore. That mod-
ification will be made, no objection being inter-
posed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I now move to fill the
blank in the tenth line, which provides Cor the
salaries of these Assistant Attorneys General,
with the wordsj " four thousand dollars." I
do not know myself whether that is the proper
sum, but 1 suggest that for the consideration
of the Senate as perhaps a fair and proper
compensation for these two Assistant Attorneys
General, $4,000 a year. I shall yield cheer-
fully to any wish the Senate may have about
it to insert some other sum.
1 he PUESlDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to fill the blank.
Mr. BUCIiALEW. I will suggest to the
Senator from Vermont, that by omitting the
iitth and sixth sections of the bill it will be
entirely unobjectionable, and I suppose will
create no debate. Now, sir, here in this fifth
section we are to establish two new offices.
It provides for the nomination and appoint-
ment by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate of two Assistant Attorneys General.
We know that there is no regular Attorney
General now in office, and here will be thrown
upon the Senate at once the business of con-
firming an Attorney General and two Assistant
Attorneys General.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This is only to take effect
on the 1st of July, by which time it is sup-
posed there will be an Attorney General.
Mr. B JGKALEYV. The bill says, "the
1st of May."
Mr. EDMUNDS. That time has gone by,
and 1 Lave changed it already to July.
Mr. BUClvAJjEW. The Senator has made
a change to the 1st of July. Suppose the bill
were passed in that form, would it authorize
the Piesident to appoint in the vacation ? 1
am not entirely sure, under a proper construc-
tion of the tetiure-of-office law, whether he
could appoint then or not. That raises an old
question, discussed m former times. How it
is to be determined now, under our new system
established by our tenure-of-office law, I do
not know; whether these ollices are to remain
open and unlilled until Congress shall meet in
December next, or whether they shall be con-
sidered as vacancies happeuing in the recess
and thus to be tilled by temporary commis-
sions, to expire at the end of the next session
of Congress. You will have a question, per-
haps, ot considerable difficulty, and if you abol-
ish the offices of the solicitors of the Court, of
Claims and charge these duties upon Assistant
Attorneys General, and have no such assistants
in office, the public business is to be delayed
until the next winter. But if they are to be
appointed, and can be appointed by the Presi-
dent in the recess after the adjournment of the
Senate, you have a question of confirmation
coming up next winter, on which there is
prospect of disagreement between the Presi-
dent and the Senate as to the selection of
individuals.
It looks to me that this is an untimely bill,
that this is not the occasion to attempt the
introduction of this change. We shall have
extreme difficulty in filling these offices, and
in tilling the office of Attorney General, by the
way, who is intended by this Gill to be the very
officer to represent the United States before
this Court ot Claims. There is now an ad in-
terim service going on in .that office by the
head of another Department who is charged
with laborious duties of his own: and we do
not know that we shall be able to till that office
by a permanent appointment before the ad-
journment of the Senate. Much less likely
does it appear that we shall be able to till these
Assistant Attorney Generalships which are es-
tablished by the bill. Meantime, the present
legal force engaged in defending the United
States before that court is turned ont of office,
as I understand the bill.
The Senator says that he is in favor of estab-
lishing a law department under the Attorney
General of the United States, which shall
have charge of all the duties which are now
performed not only by the solicitors in the
Court of Claims, but by solicitors in the Treas-
ury Department and by other law officers in the
other Departments. Well, sir, when the Sen-
ator himself, or some one for him, has matured
a bill, a new bill which shall reorganize the law
business of the Government, when a projet for
this new department shall be presented to us
in the form of a bill, it will be time enough to
call upon us to enact it. I suggest, therefore,
to the Senator, that by omitting this fifth and
a part of the sixth section we can pass the
remainder of his bill without difficulty, and
this question of the reorganization of the At-
torney General's office can come up next win-
ter, when wo shall be much better prepared to
approach it, and when we can settle the princi-
ples upon which it shall be organized for the
future much better than we can now.
While I am up 1 will ask for an explanation
of the third section. As 1 understand, that
requires any person who has a claim in the
Court of Claims to prove his loyalty. It pro-
vides—■ N
That whenever it shall be material in anysuit or
claim before any court to ascei tain whether any per-
son did or did not give any aid or comlort to lliu late
rebellion, the claimant or party ascertaining the loy-
alty of any such peison to the United States during
such rebellion, shall be required to prove alfn ina-
tivcly that such person did, during said rebellion,
consistently adhere to the United States.
Under our legislation it is provided, with
reference to large classes of claims, that
the applicant shall have been a loyal person
during the late war; but I think it would be
very unreasonable to require claimants from
the central and northern States to go into
proof of this kind. I think that this affirma-
tive to be made in cases covered by this third
section should be only required of persons who
were during the war citizens of the revolted
States. You are requiring here a party to
prove a negative; to prove that he did not
render aid and comfort to the enemies of the
United States during the late war. That is a
burden which ought not to be imposed upon
suitors unless they come from a State which
was engaged in rebellion, and where, legiti-
mately and properly, the presumption of dis-
loyalty arises. However, sir, that is a mere
matter of detail. The first four sections of the
Senator's bill, and the seventh, are, in my
judgment, proper and useful. 1 am in favor
of the bill to that extent; and I hope the Sen-
ator will leave this question of the organization
of a law department until the next session of
Congress, and let us pass the other parts of
the bill immediately, which we can do without
debate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, if the Sen-
ate are dissatisfied with this fifth section, of
course they will disagree to the amendment
which the committee reported, which is to
insert this as the fifth section, and that will
settle the question. The Judiciary Committee
have been satisfied for a long time, as is shown
by what I have already stated, that this is a
change which ought to be made ; and my friend
from Pennsylvania does not seem to be in pos-
session of any facts or reasons now which lead
him to believe that the change is not in sub-
stance a meritorious one, although he thinks
it is unwise to enter upon it now. It appears
to me that if, after consideration, this seems
to be a correct and wise thing to do, the best
time to do it is now when we aie treating of
the subject of the Court of Claims. It seems
to be perfectly appropriate to make this pro-
vision in this bill, if it is a right provision to
make at all. I do not wish to repeat what I
said before as to the propriety of making this
change. It seemed to be obvious to the com-
mittee from the facts that are within their
knowledge, and from the reasons that 1 have
suggested to the Senate, that it is one which
will save the Government a great deal of
money, will save the state of the law a great
deal of confusion, and will work advantage-
ously on all sides.
It is said, to be sure, by my friend from
Pennsylvania that if there should not be a
nomination and a confirmation before we ad-
journ, a difficult and vexed question will be
presented. Such questions are presented, Mr.
President, at all times; we cannot avoid diffi-
cult and vexed questions by postponing them
until next December; and this will not be a
question of any very great degree of difficulty,
as I think. Let us presume that if this bill
passes and receives the approval of the Presi-
dent, lie will nominate some competent and
skillful persons, either those who are now dis-
charging these functions or such other persons
as he may select, such as my friend from Penn-
sylvania would be willing to recommend tohiin,
which I have no doubt would settle the ques-
tion of their nomination, and we should un-
doubtedly confirm them, and there would be
the end of that matter.
The reason stated by my friend from Penn-
sylvania is not an adequate reason for not act-
ing on this portion of the bill now. It ought
to be acted on, as we think, with the knowl-
edge that we have derived in our inquiries and
investigations as to the state of business and
the difficulties and confusion that surround it.
Now, when there is so great a pressure on the
Treasury for these war claims and cotton claims
by a horde of claimants—some of them very
likely having just claims, and others quite the
reverse—it is of all times most appropriate that
we should protect the interests of the Govern-
ment by putting the defense of these eases into
the hands of the responsible head of the law
department of the Government. Then we shall
have an administration of these eases such as
we shali be satisfied with. So much for that.
Now, as to what my friend says as to the
third section—although itis not quitein order to
discuss it, it having already been agreed to—I
will, with the permission of the Senate, say a
word in regard to it. It would be very difficult
to undertake to distinguish between the classes
of persons who should be required to prove
loyalty affirmatively. To declare thata citizen
of Vermont should not be required to prove
loyalty while a citizen of Virginia should, would
seem to be making a veiy invidious distinction.
In the legal sense there is just as much pre-
sumption of loyalty as applied to the citizen of
one of these States as the other; and, perhaps,
if you take an individual citizen in a practical
and de facto sense, it would not be right. I
am so much of a national Democrat as to
believe in the equality of all men before the
law, even if they are white men and claimants
in the Court of Ciaims. 1 should be very sorry
to apply one rule of evidence to a citizen ot
Vermont or Pennsylvania and another^ to a
citizen of Virginia or South Carolina, lhat,
as it appears to me, would be contrary to the
first principles of justice and of the adminis-
tration of the law.
My friend says it is inconvenient to require
this affirmative proof. It is a little incon-
venient when it is a perfectly clear case: that
is to say, the claimant is put to the expense
of a dollar for taking the deposition ot some
man who would swear that, he bad resided ill
Pennsylvania during the war, aud^ had never
been suspected of any disloyalty. That would
be proof enough. On the other hand, it >'ou
find a man in Pennsylvania who has been
absent during the war, not in the Union Army,
and has been all the time in the South, it might
lequire a little more evidence to satisfy a coin t
that he was a man of that loyal character winch
comes within the definition of the law as to
making these claims; so that the only prac-
ticable and fair way that occurred to the com-
mittee was to lay down one rule which would
apply to all persons alike? aiid that was to put
the affirmative upon them, inasmuch as they
would know where they had been, what they
had been about, and what they could prove ;
