1742.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcla4)j
asked to be discharged from their further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to :
Resolution of the Senate of March 14,1807,
instructing the Committee on Pensions to in-
quire as to the expediency of providing that
pensions under special acts be placed on the
same footing as pensions granted under gen-
eral laws;
Resolution of the Legislature of Kansas, in
favor of the passage of an act granting pensions
to the soldiers of the war of 1812;
Petition of enlisted men on duty at the War
Department, that they may have the benefit of
their pensions while so employed;
Petition of Emily Hooe ;
Petition of citizens of Oswego, New York,"
praying that pensions be granted to the sol-
diers of 1812;
Petition of citizens of Pennsylvania, pray-
ing the passage of a general pension law in
favor of the surviving soldiers and widows of
the soldiers of 1812;
Petition of citizens of East Tennessee, sol-
diers of the war of 1812, praying to be allowed
pensions;
Petition of Richard Dennis;
Petition of Allen Smith ;
Petition of Barton Wapples;
Petition of Joshua Black ;
Petition of Stockly Sadbury;
Petition of citizens of Philadelphia, that
pensions may be allowed the soldiers, sailors,
and widows of such soldiers and sailors of the
war of 1812;
Petition of soldiers and widows of soldiers
in the war of 1812, praying to be allowed pen-
sions ;
Petition of the veteran corps of the "War
of 1812;
Petition of citizens of Philadelphia, praying
pensions to the soldiers and sailors of the war
of 1812 and the widows of such as have de-
ceased ;
Petition of Harry Teall;
Memorial of citizens of Detroit, Michigan,
praying for the passage of a law granting pen-
sions to the surviving soldiers of the war of
1812;
Petition of Samuel Redfield;
Petition of citizens of Massachusetts, that a
pension be granted to Jacob Weed;
Petition of Joseph Barclay;
Memorial of members of the New England
association of the soldiers of the war of 1812,
praying that their names be placed on the pen-
sion-roll ; and
Memorial of Joseph Blelloupc and others,
citizens of Michigan, praying an amendment
of the pension laws.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the same com-
mittee, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
392) granting a pension to Ezra Rodgers, a
soldier of the war of 1812, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to..
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Eveline Jameson,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 427) for the relief of the widow and chil-
dren of John W. Jameson, deceased. The bill
was read and passed to a second reading, and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE, from-the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Wyily
Woodbridge, submitted a report thereon, with
a recommendation that the petitioner have leave
to withdraw his petition and papers; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Harriet W. Pond,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions; which was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 733) for the relief of the Navajo
Indians at the Bosque Redondo, aiul to estab-
lish them on a reservation, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. YATES, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, to whom was referred the memorial of
the Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of the
removal of the Indian tribes occupying the
country between the forks of the Cheyenne
river; and the memorial of the Legislative As-
sembly of the Territory of Dakota, relative to
Indian affairs in that Territory, asked to be
discharged from their farther consideration,
and that they bo referred to the Committee oil
Indian Affairs; which was agreed to.
GLOBE FOR THE CHIEF JUSTICE.
On motion of Mr. HOWARD, it was
Ordered, That the Daily and Congressional Globe,
from the commencement of the present session of
Congress to its close, be furnished to the Chief Jus-
tice of tho United States.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HENDRICKS asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 428) for the relief of the sureties
of Israel T. Cauby, late receiver of public
moneys at Crawfordsville, Indiana; which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not know to what
Committee this bill ought to go, but I suppose
the Judiciary Committee. It is to relieve the
sureties of a receiver of money at a land office.
I do not know what committee has charge of
that class of business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Perhaps
the Committee on Claims. It will be referred
to that committee.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee, asked,
and by unanimous consent obtained, leave to
introduce a bill (S. No. 429) to remove polit-
ical disabilities from George W. Jones, of
Tennessee; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
430) to provide for the conversion and funding
of the interest-bearing debt and to amend the
banking laws of the United States ; which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the bill lie on
the table and be printed; and I ask that a
table that I have prepared be printed as a note
to the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made.
Mr. CONKLING- asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 431) to authorize the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from New Orleans,
in tho State of Louisiana, to Mobile, in the
State of Alabama, and to secure to the Gov-
ernment the use of the same as a military and
post road, and for other purposes; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
SENATOR FROM MARYLAND.
Mr. JOHNSON. I beg leave to present tho
credentials of Mr. George Vickers, chosen by
the Legislature of Maryland as a Senator for
the term commencing March 4, 1867, for six
years from that period. I move that the cre-
dentials be read and that he be permitted to
take the oath of office.
The credentials were read, as follows:
The State of Maryland tp the Honorable the Senate of
the United States, greeting :
Know ye, that the General Assembly of the State of
Maryland, reposing especial trust and conlidence in
tho sound judgment, discretion, and integrity of lion.
George Vickers, of the State of Maryland, have
electcd and appointed liim one of the Senators to
represent tho said State in the Congress of the United
States tor the unexpired term of lion. Philip F.
Thomas, who was refused a seat in the Senate of
tho United States; which term was forsix years from
and aiter the 4th day ot March, 181S7, agreeably to the
Constitution and laws of the United States and to
thelawsof the State of Maryland made in pursuance
thereof.
In testimony whereof. I, Thomas Swann, Governor
of the State of Maryland, have hereunto set my
[l. s.] hand and caused tho gre^t seal of the said State
lo be affixed, at the city of Annapolis, on this
7tli day of March, in the year 1SI>8, and of tile
independence ot tlie United States the ninety-
seeond. THOMAS SWANN.
J. M. Caktee, Secretary of State.
Mr. SUMNER. I have a motion to submit
with reference to those credentials. I will road
the resolution before sending it to the Chair:
Resolved, That the credentials of George Vickers,
as Senator-elect of Maryland, bo rcfoired to the
Committee on the Judiciary.with insti uct.ions to con-
sider if the Stale of Maryland, with its existing
constitution, has a republican form of govern meet,
so as to be able at this time to elect and commission
a Senator of the United States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the resolution offered by
the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. I hold in my hand a copy
of the constitution of Maryland, and I begin
by calling attention to one of its provisions.
Article one, section one, reads as follows:
"All elections shall be by ballot: and every white
male citizen of the United States, of the age of
twenty-one years or upwards, who has been a resi-
dent of the State for one year and of tho legislative
district of Baltimore city, or of the county in which
he may offer to vote, for six months next preceding
the election, shall be entitled to vote in the ward or
election district in which he resides at alt elections
hereafter to be held in this State," &c.
Thus you will perceive, by the very text of
this constitution, that this government of
Maryland is founded on the principle of exclu-
sion from the ballot on account of color. Such
a principle is anti-republican. It is anti-repub-
lican even if it bore only on a small number
of individuals. It becomes still more anti-
republican when it bears not merely on a few
but on many. When large numbers, amount-
ing to a considerable pioportion of the citi-
zens, being a fourth or a fifth, are disfranchised
on account of color, then I undertake to say,
according to the solemn declarations of our
fathers, according to all those principles to
which our country is pledged in its history,
according to the actual precedents at the adop-
tion of the Constitution of the United States,
such a government cannot be treated as repub-
lican in form. I make this statement know-
ing all its bearings, but profoundly impressed
with its truth.
Our fathers have bequeathed to us their defi-
nition of a republican form of government.
You will find it in the forefront of the Declara-
tion of Independence. There it is; you can-
not depart from it; and just in proportion as
you do undertake to depart from it you fall
into error.
Nor is this all. At the time of the adoption
of the Constitution of the United States there
was but one State in the Union whose consti-
tution on its face established the exclusion
from suffrage on account of color. South
Carolina stood alone. Every other State in
its constitution at that time recognized all
citizens, whether white or black, as entitled to
suffrage. The effort had been made in several
States to disfranchise citizens on account of
color, bat it had failed. It is notorious that
in North Carolina, which bordered on South
Carolina, no such exclusion prevailed. At the
time of the adoption of the Constitution col-
ored citizens voted in different parts of the
country. You know well, sir, that in the forma-
tion of the Articles of Confederation there
was an attempt made to found an exclusion
on account of color. That was voted down.
I say, then, bearing in mind the solemn prin-
ciples of the Declaration of Independence,
bearing in mind the actual state of things
throughout this country at the time of the adop-
tion of the Constitution, you have a definition
of a republican form of government. It is a
Government of the people, by the people, and
for the people, and its essential principle is
that equality which is the first of rights.
But I do not confine myself to any general
statement. I bring to you the best contempo-
rary authority to show that at the adoption of
the Constitution it was admitted that if slavery
should be abolished the slaves becoming citi-
zens would be entitled to representation m the
Government of their country. I read these
important words from the Federalist, No. 54,
a letter which it is now well known was con-
tributed by Alexander Hamilton. They are
as follows :
" It is only under tho pretext tbat the laws have
transforrodthenegroes into subjects of property that
