358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
ment offered by the Senator from New York
and agreed to in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to hear it
read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to make the bill read:
That all raw cotton grown in the United States
during the year 1868 shall be exempt from internal
tax.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,'
resulted—yeas 24, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Colliding. Conness, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds, Fes-
senden, Grimes, llarlan, Howard, Howe, Morrill of
Maine. Morrill of Vormont, Morton, Patterson of
New Hampshire, Ramsey, Stowart, Sumner, Thayer,
l'ii)ton, and Wade—24.
X A YS—Me^rs. Bayard, Buekalew, Corbett, Davis,
Dixon, Doolittle,Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Henderson,
Johnson, Moigan, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee,
Pomeroy, Hoss, Saulsbury, Sherman, Van Winkle,
Williams,and Wilson—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Ferry, Guthrie, Hen-
dricks, Nye, Sprague, Trumbull, Willey, and Yates
—9.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was to add to the bill:
But nothing herein contained shall be construed to
require any additional provisions of law in order to
authorize the levy and collection of said tax upon all
such cotton grown therein after the said year.
% The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was to insert at the end of the
bill :
Provided, That the duty on raw cotton imported
from foreign countries on and after April 1, 1868, and
until April 1,1S69, shall be suspended.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to have the
yeas and nays on that. '
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas, 24, nays 12 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Cole. Conkling, |
Conness, Corbett, Doolittle, Drake, Fessenden, Fow-
ler. Howard. Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Patterson_of Tennessee, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner,
Thayer, Van Winkle, Williams, and Wilson—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Cameron,Davis, Dixon,
Howe, Johnson, Norton, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sauls-
bury. Tipton, and Wade—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard. Cragin, Ed-
munds, Ferry, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Guthrie, Har-
lan, Henderson, Hendricks, Nye, Ross, Spragae,
Trumbull, Willey, and Yates—17.
So the amendment waa concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. HOWARD. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Cattell, Cole, Corbett,
Cragin, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fowler,
Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Henderson, Johnson, Mor-
gan, Morrill of Maine, Norton, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Ross, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Van Winkle, Williams, and Wilson—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Harlan, How-
ard, Howe. Morrill of Vermont, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, and Wade—12.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Conklintr,
Conness. Drake, Ferry, Fessenden, Guthrie, Hen-
dricks, Morton, Nye, Sprague, Sumner, Trumbull,
Willey, and Yates—16.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. MORTON. On the vote just taken I
am paired off with Senator Hendricks.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the title of
the bill was amended so as to read: "An act
to provide for the suspension of the internal
tax upon cotton, and for other purposes."
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 331) to facilitate the
payment of soldiers' bounties under the act of
1866 was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
The bill (H. R. No. 369) to prevent frauds
in the collection of the tax on distilled spirits
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 136) pro-
viding for the sale of iron-clads was read twice
bv its title, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
The bill (H. R, No. 866) constituting eight
hours a day's work for all laborers, workmen,
and mechanics employed by or on behalf of
the Government of the United States, was read
twice by its title.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that that bill lie
on the table. A like bill has been referred to
a committee of this body heretofore and not
reported. I move that it lie on the table; and
I give notice that I shall move to call it up at
an early day. ;
The motion was agreed to. ;
On motion of Mr. BUCKALE W the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 7, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
SALE OF A MILITARY SITE.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 368) authorizing
the sale of an unoccupied military site at Wat-
erford, Pennsylvania; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
&F, VENUE REPORT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting the report of the Special Com-
missionerof the Revenue ; which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
SURVEY OF KENAY ALASKA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting copies of letters from
the Secretary of War ad interim and General
Halleck relative to the survey and bringing
into market of land in the peninsula of Kenay
Alaska ; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
TENNESSEE CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
additional evidence in the Tenuessee contested-
election case of Powell vs. Butler; which was
referred to the Committee of Elections.
PAYMENT OF BOUNTIES.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the consideration of House bill No.
331, to facilitate the payment of soldiers boun-
ties, under act of 1866, on which the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. WaShburn] was enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. With the
consent of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] I withdraw his substitute and move
for it the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he
is hereby, directed to employ by transfer or other-
wise a sufficient number of additional clerks, not
less than fifty, in the division of the Second Aud-
itor's office of the Treasury Department, furnishing
information to the Paymaster General in regard to
soldiers claiming bounty under aet of July, 1866, to
speedily pay said bountios, to be continued so long as
there is a necessity for the same, giving in all cases
preference in said employment to soldiers and sailors
honorably discharged from the service of the United
States.
Sue. 2. And be it further enacted. That the Secretary
of tho Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to
procure and to provide adequate and convenient
rooms for all clerks employed in the examination of
the muster-rolls in said office.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the Assistant
Treasurer of the United States in the city of New
York be, and he is hereby, directed to payduplicate
checks, upon notice of the loss of the original check
or checks, under such regulations as the Secretary of
the Treasury may direct.
Mr. PAINE. In conformity with an arrange-
ment with the chairman of the committee I
withdraw the amendment I proposed yester-
day.
Sir. LOGAN. My substitute covered all the
bounties to soldiers, while this only applies to
those under the act of 1866. I hope this pend-
ing substitute will be amended so as to cover
as much ground as mine did.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman from Illinois '
Would defeat by the amendment he suggests
the very purpose which he entertains in com-
mon with the rest of us in this matter. If we
only direct the Secretary of the Treasury to
employ fifty additional clerks for the settle-
ment of the entire bounty business the work
may not be performed, because theje are
employed upon this bounty business a large
number of clerks, not merely to examine those
bounty claims which come from the pay
department, which are the bounty claims of
living soldiers, but also to settle the cases
of claims made by the widows and heirs of
deceased soldiers and others. The entire
number employed in settling claims of all kinds
is now about one hundred and seventy-five, and
if the fifty additional clerks may be employed
in any or all of these duties it may be neces-
sary to increase the number, if increased at
all, in a much larger proportion. If he shall,
therefore, put as the limit to the entire num-
ber positively ordered to be employed for this
whole work fifty clerks, he may not have pro-
vided a sufficient force. I think jnyself that
the Secretary of the Treasury or the Second
Auditor might properly have full power to
increase the number so as to meet the necessi-
ties of the case so far as all of these claims
are concerned; but I should be unwilling to
limit the number peremptorily required to fifty.
I think it is necessary that we should add at
least fifty for the specific purpose of furnishing
information to the Paymaster General to ena-
ble him to pay these bounties, the payment of
which devolves especially on his department
under the law.
Mr. LOGAN. I did not expect a discus-
sion upon this point. I merely made the sug-
gestion with a view of having the bill made to
conform in this respect to my substitute; but
I have no disposition to press it at all, and will
withdraw the suggestion. I am ready to vote
for the bill as it is.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, resumed the
floor.
Mr. ARNELL. I desire to submit an amend-
ment to the bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I will yield
to hear it read.
Mr. ARNELL. It is to insert the following
as an additional section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That nil claims of
colored soldiers for bounty and back pay be, and arc
hereby, transferred both for examinationand pay-
ment to tho Commissioner of Refugees, FrcedmeUj
and Abandoned Lands.
I ask the gentleman to allow me a moment
to explain the necessity of that amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. How much
time do you want?
Mr. ARNELL. Five minutes.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I yield tho
gentleman five minutes.
Mr. ARNELL. I desire to say a word about
the necessity of this amendment. I represent
these men, and have given a careful examina-
tion to this whole matter; aye, have beenJm-
portunate in my solicitations at the different
departments in order to secure payment, and
immediate payment, of these bounties. I have
come to the unwilling conclusion that very
little interest is felt in some quarters respect-
ing them. Perhaps a new instance of the
world-old story, very little sympathy and less
attention to the poor who can be put off!
I desire that my amendment should be
adopted for two reasons: first, because it will
facilitate the payment of bounties to all sol-
diers, white as well as black. It takes away
and conveys to another department for adjust-
ment and settlement ninety thousand claims.
Secondly, it will be the means of the imme-
diate settlement of these colored claims. I
know whereof I speak. General Howard,
aware of the extreme necessity to which these
men are reduced, and what a god-send it would
prove to them, is willing to accept the task and
duty of payment. Under his charge the energy
and dispatch requisite will be given. I assure
this House that the weightest reasons exist
against any further delay. The colored soldier
of the South stands to-day in a worse condition
