1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
276-7-
tion ia on agreeing to the amendment propos-
ing to insert, the fifth section as amended.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Ishould like to inquire
of the Senator from Vermont what will be the
additional cost at the salaries now fixed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I believe it will be less
under this bill. There are three persons now
connected with the Court of Claims in this
capacity, and an assistant in the Attorney
General's office, making four persons whom
we propose to get rid of, and then we provide
in place of them for two Assistant Attorneys
General, to be appointed by the President and
confirmed by the Senate, at a salary, I think,
slightly larger than the present, but the aggre-
gate expense will be less.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does the Senator rec-
ollect the present salaries as now fixed?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not at this moment, but
I think it is S3.000 or $3,600.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Thirty-five hundred dol-
lars, according to my recollection, is the salary
of the principal solicitor. I am sorry that
this bill should have assumed the aspect that
it has in the opinion of Senators on the other
side. There is nothing, so far as I am advised,
or have any intimation, of a political or par-
tisan character about it. The object of the
bill is to improve the public service. It has
been a matter of frequent conversation among
the members of the Judiciary Committee, and
I think the Senator from Indiana must be
aware of it, that there are inconveniences
arising from the division of what properly be-
longs to the Attorney General's office, among
the various Departments of the Government.
I know my attention has been often called to
the fact that we have solicitors in the different
Departments, and different opinions are given
out by these solicitors, often in conflict, and
the public service has suffered from that incon-
venience ; but this particular matter that is
now under consideration relates to the Court
of Claims chiefly, dispenses with an Assistant
Attorney General 
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator did not
hear my remarks. I said that the subject of
the reorganization of the Attorney General's
department, bringing into that department all
the law business of the Government, has been
a matter of consideration in the Judiciary Com-
mittee, and I went on to say that I regarded it
as a subject well worthy of our consideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Butthis particular sec-
tion provides for bringing the law business
connected with the Court of Claims immedi-
ately within the control of the Attorney Gen-
eral. That is one step in the direction which
the Senator from Indiana and I both think
legislation ought to go. As thelaw now stands,
the solicitors of the Court of Claims not only
attend to the business in that court but also in
the Supreme Court, and the Attorney General
has declined to have anything to do in the
Supreme Court of the United States with cases
that have been appealed from the Court of
Claims.
Then, again, it is known that the character
of the business in the Court of Claims has
become more important of late years, and it
is desirable that we should have responsible
solicitors there. The Attorney General of the
United States is one of the members of the
Cabinet, and is supposed to be one of the most
eminent lawyers in the United States, at the
head of the profession. A man of that char-
acter is ordinarily selected for that high posi-
tion, while the solicitors of the Court of Claims
are not always of that character. By having
the Attorney General responsible for the busi-
ness in that court it was thought an improve-
ment to the public service would be effected.
That anybody is outside expecting these
offices is wholly unknown to me, if such be
the case. There is no use in disguising from
the Senate or from ourselves the fact—I think
the Senator from Indiana is aware of it—that
there have been mora or less complaints that
the solicitors in the Court of Claims were not
the persons that it would be desirable to have
there. I believe that the gentlemen occupying
those positions are very respectable gentlenten,
and I have no complaint to make of them ;
but it must be remembered that they meet in
that court the most eminent counsel in the
United States; and the gentlemen who have
occupied these positions in the Court of Claims,
with a salary of three thousand or thirty-five
hundred dollars a year, it could be expected,
would be the most eminent counsel in the
nation. And there have been more or less, if
not complaints, apprehensions in the minds
of different persons that the business of the
Government and the rights of the Govern-
ment were not protected as well as they ought
to be iu that court, because we did not have
the responsibility that would attach to the
Attorney General if he was made responsible
for defending the Government before that tri-
bunal. I think it would be an improvement
to the public service; and as to nobody's
wanting the offices, I know nothing about
that; but I do know that the solicitors of that
court have not been altogether satisfactory to
the country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I approve
of the general object of the bill, because I believe
that the amounts involved now in claims before
this court are such as require the very highest
legal ability to take care of properly ; and we
miss it very much when we hesitate about giv-
ing salaries that would command the services
of very able counsel. We lose many thousands
in the effort to save a few hundreds. Therefore,
I think that it would be well to reorganize the
Attorney General's office, and give the kind of
aid that is required in order to take careof the
business of the Government in the Court of
Claims for many years to come. Even when the
questions arising out of this war shall be dis-
posed of, such is the growth of business in this
country, such will be the great extent of it, that
the bill, in my judgment, does not make any
more provision than is necessary for meeting
what we shall have to meet hereafter.
But 1 would suggest to the Senators who are
urging the bill whether the present is not rather
an unfortunate time to attempt to do this. I
think if the bill could be passed at ihe next ses-
sion so as to take effect on the 4th of March, 1869,
or thereabouts, it would be likely to meet with
more favor and likely to be more permanent.
I think, with the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana, that at the present time if we should pass
this bill making this reorganization, we should
probably meet with difficulties.
In the first place, when the bill is passed, I
suppose the present solicitors go out of office.
It takes considerable time, or it may take con-
siderable time before the offices are filled, and
in the meantime the business of the country
connected with the Court of Claims would
be likely to suffer very much ; for we want
men in attendance there constantly, while the
court is in session, at least, in order to con-
duct the business and to take eare of the inter-
ests of the country. From what we have expe-
rienced here, I ask Senators whether there
would not be likely to be very_ considerable
delay in filling these offices. We might not,
and probably should not have the kind of
appointments made that would be desirable or
satisfactory to the Senate, and we might have
a long delay before appointments could be
had which would be satisfactory to the whole
appointing power; and in the meantime the
business of the country would suffer very much.
In the present state of things, therefore, I
doubt whether it would be advisable to pass
those parts of the bill which refer to appoint-
ments, and whether it would not be bel ter to
confine it simply to the original provisions of
the bill, those matters about which there is no
dispute, and which do not involve the filling
of important offices at the present time; or
between now and the time when there will be
a change of administration.
I make this suggestion to the Senator who
has the bill in charge and to the friends of it,
because I think really, in the existing state of
things, it may be a very serious matter whether
it would not be well to defer this portion of the
bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend will permit
me to say that there would be force in that if
we only looked at those considerations alone;
but the fact is that there is now pressing on
through that court and up to the Supreme
Court a great mass of claims of a very import-
ant character, both as to the amount and the
principles involved, and there needs immedi-
ately to be put into the charge of the Attorney
General the management of these cases ; be-
cause we shall certainly have an Attorney Gen-
eral. We all expect that. The Government
cannot get along much better without an At-
torney General than without a Secretary of
War. Some eminent person, some responsi-
ble and respectable lawyer of some party or
other, will, undoubtedly, be appointed Attor-
ney General within thirty days. I cannot per-
mit myself to doubt that. I cannot presume,
much as I differ with the President of the
United States about a great many subjects, I
cannot permit myself to presume that he will
hesitate, within a reasonable time, to present
•such a man, if he has not already done so, and
I have no right to say that he has not already
done so, or that there is any nomination here ;
but I cannot think that he will hesitate to pre-
sent to us such a name as the Senate will feel
it to be its duty to confirm. We must assume
that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. So far as that is con-
cerned, as to merely putting the matter under
the charge of the Attorney General, I presume
no difficulty would arise and there would be no
objection to a simple provision to that effect;
but the bill, as I understand it, strikes at the
present solicitors of the Court of Claims, and
they go out of office when the bill is passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They go out of office on
the 1st of July, when that branch of the bill
goes into effect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How long might we be
detained before we could fill the offices created
by the bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Presumably we ought not
to be detained longer than would be necessary
for the President, of the United States to per-
form his duty of nominating suitable persons.
Of course there is something in what my friend
says as to the difficulty, but I think that diffi
eu'lty will be out of the way by the necessity
of action, because we shall have, as we now
all agree, an Attorney General, lie is the
responsible person to whom this business is to
be turned over. Then the question will be, can
we appoint two Assistant Attorneys General.
If we fail to appoint two Assistant Attorneys
General, still the duty is reposed in the Attor-
ney General himself to see that this business is
attended to, and provision can be made, (as
the lawnow permits the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to assist in defending claims upon his De-
partment,) arrangements can be made for such
a difficulty as that. He will undoubtedly meet
the temporary emergency in some way or other,
because we put on him the responsibility, and
he will feel it to be his duty, if assistance enough
is not furnished him, to take the responsibility
of employing counsel on his own account, trust-
ing to the justice of Congress to make it good.
If we shall come to such a difficulty as my friend
suggests, I do not think there will be any prac-
tical danger about it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I do not
see that the Senator from Vermont gives us
any assurance that the persons to be appointed
as Assistant Attorneys General will be any
better qualified to attend to the business of the
United States in the Court of Claims than the
present officers. What evidence have we that
if we abolish these offices at this time, turn
out the men who now perforrft the duties, some
persons will be appointed v.*jo are better than
they are ? Judging from ^iat has taken place,
from our experience in tne last two or three
years, we are not to expect, it strikes me, any
very great improvement in that respect $ and 1
