1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
243
40th Gong.... 2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. Qoburn.
Ho. OF BePS;
very few powers, and the regulations binding
him in their exercise are not to be violated
with impunity. It is certainly a new doctrine
to say that because an officer is an executive
one he is not to be arraigned for a violation of
law", and that because he has the appointing
power he has another distinct one, ana that is
the removing power, where the Constitution
does not confer it and the law plainly forbids
it. It would seem but reasonable that if the
power of removal had been expressly conferred
on the President by the Constitution, that it
should be exercised, like the appointing power,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate ; but i n a case where the power of removal is
conferred by law and limited in its exercise to the
consent and concurrence of the Senate, it would
seem absolutely preposterous to say it should
be exercised totally independent of the Senate.
To sustain this position the tenure-of-office law
is declared to be unconstitutional, and the es-
sential absolutism of the Executive asserted in
this matter of removal. To a mind imbued with
the simplest ideas of republican government
such an assertion is abhorrent, and to one at
all regardful of public policy or the public
safety it never would occur.
The absolute power of removal from office is
a relic of monarchy; at* war with our whole
system; dangerous to liberty; corrupting in
its exercise and effects; begetting a slavish
subserviency to the Executive.
The madness and folly that claim despotic
power for our Chief Magistrate are fitly akin to
the treason which has for six years labored so
sedulously to destroy the Constitution. The ex-
ecutive power of the nation may be limited and
hedged in, not only by the terms of the Constitu-
tion, but by legislative enactments, and it is the
duty of the national Legislature whenever it
perceives a dangerous exercise of such power to
putonitthe necessary restraints. True enough,
the President is the sole trustee of the execu-
tive power of the nation, but that jiower is
guarded by a flaming sword at every point; and
executive powers are not to be set up, like kingly
prerogatives or divine rights, in defense of trans-
gressions. The Executive, like the citizen, is
the subject of law, bound by its requirements,
amenable to its penalties. But we are warned
that it is dangerous to interfere with a coordi-
nate branch of the Government. Coordinate
in what? In power, in importance, in use, in
extent—in what respect coordinate? Coexist-
ent rather; not coordinate. As well say the
streams are coordinate with the ocean into
which they pour. As well say the planets are
coordinate with the grand luminary about which
they revolve, as to say, that the executive and
judiciary are coordinate with the legislative
branch of this Government. The one is the
center, the depository of power, the seat of
life, the source of progress and improvement,
while the others are rigidly confined by strict
laws and jealously guarded in their obedience.
We have too long been in the habit of re-
garding the executive and judiciary branches
of the Government as of equal dignity with
the legislative,while in no sense can the execu-
tors and construers of law be said to equal in
importance the makers of law. For the time
being an adventitious importance may attach
to them; but in a Government whose great
distinctive feature is this, that it is based on
representation 111 its Legislatures, and not on
judges or presidents or kings, the law-making
power must forever be preeminent. It is a mis-
use of terms to talk about coordinate branches
of the Government in the presence of the legis-
lative which can create and destroy, which can
impeach and remove, which can make war or
peace, which knows no restraint imposed by
judge or President, and is bound only by the
Constitution.
In the presence of this majestic power all
other powers of our Government shrink into in-
significance; and when the President attempts
to assert a policy and lay down rules of action
he is as much a usurper as if he violates a
public law. He has no more right to a policy
than a constable or sheriff in the exercise ot'
his functions as such. He is to look to his
writ, his letter of authority, and execute it,
and then and there stop and be silent till his
master, the people, speaks.
Who, then, shall interfere with these branches
of the Government for their regulation and
correction if the people, through their only
mouthpieces, their Legislatures, cannot? In
fact, it is no interference; it is the bounden duty
of the legislative branch to step in promptly
and check every assumption of power by the
other branches of the Government.
Again, it has been said that the President
may disobey an unconstitutional law, that_ he
is to look at the higher rule of the Constitu-
tion, and if, in his judgment, the latter over-
rides the former he is guilty_ of no crime,
making crime a matter of opinion and not of
fact, and the guilt or innocence of the offender
dependent on his own sense of duty, regardless
of the enactments of Congress—a new rule, cer-
tainly, in jurisprudence. But it is said the act
is unconstitutional, and therefore the Presi-
dent may disregard it. If it be so he is bound
by it until in a legal way it is set aside, and
he who violates it sets the bad example of dis-
obedience, and subjects himself to the penal-
ties prescribed for it.
But what is there in the assertion that the
tenure-of office law is unconstitutional? The
idea is based upon the opinion of public men
at an early period of our history who thought
it to be the duty and peculiar province of the
President to superintend the conduct of his
appointees and remove them summarily, thus
checking their excesses and arresting their
violations of law or malfeasancesin office; some
going so far as to say that the President would
be impeachable if he did not remove officials
ho had appointed who were guilty of crimes
and misdemeanors.
But the history of the Government and all
our public experience have shown that the
danger does not lie in that direction, but rather
in the opposite one. The arbitrary removal
of men from office by the President for mere
opinion sake has been a crying evilsince the
days of Andrew Jackson, who initiated pro-
scription for political opinions, and began that
system which soon degenerated into one whose
motto was "To the victors belong the spoils."
Here began the dark days of the Republic;
here the greed of gain, the thirst for office, the
struggle for preferment at any cost, entered side
by side with the war of opinions and the debates
of political projects and principles, and cor-
rupted and defiled them; and right here lies the
most dangerous rock ahead of the ship of state.
To guard against this unwarranted, almost un-
limited, almost despotic power of removal
and appointment the whole nation for years has
been anxiously looking for a^ method, and
were at last driven to the adoption of this law
relative to the tenure of civil offices. The
reasons that operated on the minds of our
fathers when they were silent on the power of
removal were found to be of no force, and the
fears they entertained of the corruption of
inferior officers, unless guarded and checked
by the executive head, were proved to be vain
and futile. It was found that there was much
more danger in a corrupt and powerful execu-
tive officer, wielding and moldingall his inferior
officers to base purposes, than in their becom-
ing, individually, unfit to exercise the func-
tions of offices.
The struggle to expel from office Mr. Stan-
ton began soon after the passage of the recon-
struction acts of last March. He had honestly
and faithfully undertaken to carry them into
execution, while President Johnson, with
dogged and willful determination, resolved to
thwart and defeat them ; first,_ by his vetoes,
insulting in tone and unlawful in spirit: then
by his private declarations, and then by his
unwarrantable interference with the officers to
whom were intrusted the administration of
affairs. When it was found that the southern
people were about to acquiesce in these-meas-
ures Mr. Johnson and his emissaries, by all
means, endeavored to dissatisfy them; and,
finally, to prevent the permanent reorganisa-
tion of certain States, removed successively
the most faithful, honest, and gallant district
commanders—Sheridan, Sickles, and Pope.
When it was found that the people of the South
were going on to register themselves, prepara-
tory to an election, white and black alike
peaceably acquiescing in the mode of pro-
cedure ; when it was found that the rebel sol-
dier was forgetting the wrongs and ills of war,
and was emerging from the shadows of despair
cast upon him by the mistakes and crimes of
his leaders; when he was again beginning to
resume cheerfully the duties of life, and again
taking upon him the rights and obligations of
a citizen ; when it was found that Longstreet,
Barringer, Beauregard, Joe Johnston, Wade
Hampton, and even Lee counseled acquies-
cence in the law, and some of them even urged
a cheerful concurrence in its execution by all
the people ; when it was found that soon these
regenerated States would range themselves in
the line of the Union, loyal to the core and
Radical Republican, then it was that President
Johnson, at all hazards, resolved to prevent
it—to stop the wheels of progress, to check
restoration, to keep up the reign of anarchy
and misrule, to perpetuate the disorders, the
distractions, the enmities, the perpetration of
crimes—then it was that he resolved that,
come what might, be it war, with its waste of
treasure and blood, be it an overthrow of the
Constitution, he would trample on the law,
defy it, and put it down forever. Reconstruc-
tion should not take place as Congress had
determined.
The removal of the district commanders was
followed, in August last, by the suspension of
Mr. Stauton and the appointment of General
Grant in his place, who in his turn yielded to
Mr. Stanton under the decision of the Senate.
And here, for a time, the grim tragedy which
has so long strutted the stage suddenly degen-
erates into a farce. General Grant is assigned
the duty of playing hocus pocus with the War
Department; of acting the part in which,
" now you sec it, aild now you don't see it;"
but the grave and silent man stubbornly refuses
to play as directed. General Sherman is sud-
denly [honored with a brevet as general, and
he is expected to put on the dress of a mounte-
bank and play for Mr. Johnson some feats of
ground and lofty tumbling in the face of the
nation; but the great flanker declines to be out-
flanked by an empty brevet, and goes off toward
the sunset to look after the Indians. Quick
as the changing scenery -of the stage another
doubly breveted veteran is marched out with
solemn face and stern bearing—the old hero
of Nashville. His surprise at his sudden hon-
ors bewilders him for a moment, and he won-
ders what mean thing lie has done to deserve
all this ftom tlie President. M length, fairly
awake, he says he can remember nothing that
he has done since the battle of Nashville that
is worthy of mention, and to the high-sound-
ing titles offered him by the presidential hand
bows himself off the stage with: "No, sir; I
thank you." Well done, George Thomas.
You never did a manlier thing in your life.
The people will never forget your answer in
this brevet business. Then comes the last act
of this low comedy. Lorenzo Thomas reals
upon the stage with a commission in his pocket
and claims of Mr. Stanton the keys of the W ar
Office. Has the President at last found a toot /
Has he found one so weak or so wicked, or
both, among those whom the nation has long
supported and honored with high official posi-
tion? It is but too true.
This trifling must be stopped. These flagrant
i violations of law must have an end. ihe
