244
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 22,
Ho. of Keps.
Impeachment—Mr. Phelps.
40 th Cong....2d Sess.
patience of the people 'will not endure forever.,
They are determined that their measures of
reconstruction shall go on ; thatAndfew John-
son, Lorenzo Thomas, or whoever else he may
be, who sets himself in the way of their prog-
ress, shall go down. The future weltare of ten
States is not to be periled by the unlawful in-
terference of a President who madly proclaims
and dictates to them apoliey off ^construction.
The mighty future of the whole nation is not
to be endangered by the despotic assumptions
of a President who hates the trammels of law,
who forgets the obligations of his oath, who
rudely scorns the voice of the people. .
. This is no mere contest in the interest of Mr.
Stanton. The right to violate one law implies
the right to violate all; and to basely submit to
the arrogance of the Executive in this would
be as shameful as the subserviency of vassals
to the crowned heads who tax them and work
them and fight them at their will. One man
has set himself up against the power of the
people; one roan has said my will, not theirs,
shall be obeyed; one man has said my word
is worth more than the word of all my country-
men. This day we call upon him to make that
assertion good. This day we impeach him in
the name of an outraged people, whose Con-
stitution he has broken, whose law ho has
defied, whose majesty ho has mocked and in-
sulted.
His whole history as President has been
marked with usurpations of power and viola-
tions of rights. His assumption of the right
to reorganize the rebellious States ; his ap-
pointment of traitors to office ; his proclama-
tions of pardon and amnesty; his open attempt
to surrender all the power, snatched by our
brave soldiers in arms from the enemies of the
country, back into their hands; his indecent
and insurrectionary denunciations of Congress
in public speeches ; his retention in office of
wicked, dishonest, and thievish officials who
are plundering the Treasury before his eyes ;
his constant efforts to render null and void the
reconstruction acts in the southern States j his
unjust removal of the most faithful officers;
his insulting, arrogant, and rebellious veto
messages, can all be passed by in view of the
facts, so startling, which have occurred within
the past week. Not content with his former
aggressions against popular rights he repeats
the blows, confident that a forgiving and in-
dulgent public will still disregard them. He
has gone too far. He cannot retrace his stops.
Already they lead down to that raging whirl-
pool of popular condemnation from which
there is no rescue.
Impeachment.
SPEECH OP HON. CHARLES E. PHELPS,
Of MARYLAND,
Is the House op Representatives,
February 22, 1868.
Tlio House bavins under consideration tlio resolu-
tion reported by the Committee on Reconstruction
for tho impeachment of the President-
Mr. PHELPS said:
_ Mr. _ Speaker : The House of Representa-
tives, in the capacity of grand inquest of the
United States, and for the first time in its his-
tory, seems about to enter upon the impeach-
ment of the President of the United States.
Upon this day, the anniversary of the birth of
Washington, and upon this judicial question,
the most momentous within the compass of
official duty, the clamors of partisan tumults
should be awed to silence by the deep-toned
voice of law. Before proceeding to the con-
sideration of the resolution this day reported
fiom the Committee on Reconstruction, with
notice ol its being torced to a passage before
the setting of the sun of the next legislative
day,_ I propose very briefly to advert to the
preliminary stages of the impeachment move-
ment ss essential to a just conception of its
true character and real purpose. The agita-
tion of.this question was foreshadowed ; it was
actually commenced during the term of the
predecessor of the present incumbent. A bill
was passed by the Thirty-Eighth Congress pro-
viding for the reconstruction of the States then
in rebellion. The President did not approve
that act, nor did President Lincoln veto it.
He kept it during the constitutional period
necessary to prevent its becoming a law, and
sent to Congress a proclamation of the reasons
which had induced him to suppress it.
That proclamation, like many previous meas-
ures of the President, developed a radical
antagonism between the policy of the prevalent
majority here, and the policy of the Executive
upon the question of reconstruction. It went
further, its purport plainly was that with the
views then held by President Lincoln, that
official would be found by Congress an incon-
venient constitutional obstruction in its design
of converting the apparatus of a defensive war
into the machinery of conquest and subjugation.
It was at that prospect, thus presented, that,
the specter of impeachment tirst stalked across
the congressional stage. A Senator from Ohio,
now acting Vice President of the United States,
and heir presumptive to the executive chair,
[Mr. Wade,] in concert with a Representative
from Maryland, the reputed author of the
reconstruction bill, [Mr. II. Winter Davis,] and
my immediate predecessor in the seat which 1
hold upon this lloor, were delegated or assumed
to speak for Congress to Mr. Lincoln, and they
did speak to him in a very plain message,
known at the time (July, 1804) as the ■' Wade
and Davis Manifesto,'1 a document which the
proceeding inaugurated upon tliis day is des-
tined to immortalize. It was nothing less than
the voice of the partisan majority in Congress,
speaking through the leaders of the respective
Houses, denouncing President Lincoln as a
usurper, and threatening him with impeach-
ment.
But, sir, for the purposes of those who fur-
thered that enterprise, the movement was made
at the wrong time and initiated in the wrong
manner. It was not for want of support in
this House as then constituted, or in tlie other
as then constituted, that it failed. It is well
known that the enemies of Mr. Lincoln in that
Congress, within the lines ofhisown party, were
many and bold, and that his friends were few.
Rut he was sustained by tho people of the coun-
try, and by the same people his accusers were
condemned. One of them, [Mr. Davis,] whose
lamented death has been publicly mourned in
this Hall, with such national obsequies as have
been accorded to no other private citizen in
this generation, and to whose gilts of oratory
no man has succeeded, was promptly and
almost unanimously repudiated by the district
I now represent. The retribution of his col-
league [Mr. Wade] was longer delayed, but
not longer than the first opportunity which his
constituency were offered. That Senator, lus
political course condemned and himself repu-
diated by his State, steps from the Senate
Chamber either into the plenitude of executive
power, as President of the United States, or
into the private obscurity to which his own
people have consigned him, according as the
programme originally foreshadowed in the doc-
ument referred to now succeeds or fails. And,
sir, had Abraham Lincoln lived and prose-
cuted the line of policy kid down by the proc-
lamation thus assailed, as faithfully and as fear-
lessly as his successor, this movement to-night
would have been directed against Abraham
Lincoln instead of Andrew Johnson.
Let us trace the history of impeachment still
further before coming directly upon the ments
of the present prosecution, in order to throw
light upon its animus and aim, and strip it of !
all extraneous matter.
The Thirty-Eighth Congress was distinguished
by the Wade and Davis manifesto. Another I
abortive impeachment experiment was con-
ducted in ■ the Thirty-Ninth Congress, under
the lead of the member from Ohio, [Mr. Ash-
ley,] at much greater expense to the public
Treasury.
On the 7th of January, 1867, the Coromiitee
on the Judiciary was instructed.to inquire and
report upon articles of impeachment of Andrew
Johnson, President of the United States, for
high crimes and misdemeanors, presented by
the gentleman referred to. The President was
charged with a usurpation of power and viola-
tion of law, in having corruptly used the ap-
pointing power, in having corruptly used the
pardoning power, in having corruptly used the
veto power, in having corruptly disposed of
public property, and in having corruptly inter-
fered in elections. The committee was com-
posed of nine members, all of whom but two
were politically hostile to the President. They
labored lipon these charges for nearly a year.
The investigation was strictly an ex parte
one, and the sessions secret and confidential.
Every advantage was afforded the accusers.
The whole contingent fond of the House was
at their service, backed by the Treasury of the
United States. The widest range of inquiry
was freely allowed, not only into public conduct,
but private character. Cabinet ministers were
made to disclose the confidences of the execu-
tive council. Confidential secretaries and
household domestics were brought, to the rack
of confession. Snics, detectives, and inform-
ers, convicted perjurers and suborners of per-
jury were mustered into the service. _ The
whole country was searched by a drag-net in
the hands of professional experts. Every ma-
licious whisper, and every item of scandal,
rumor, and personal gossip was eagerly caught
and received with approbation. Witnesses
were fished for in dens of infamy and the
dungeon of the convicted felon. Every re-
source of malignant cunning was exhausted to
fasten a stigma of moral turpitude upon the
personal character of Andrew Johnson. And
most shameful of all, there were those among
his accusers who did not scruple to darkly in-
sinuate complicity with assassination.
It may be said without disparagement that
few men either in public or in private life,
subjected to such an ordeal, would have emerged
from it with as pure and unspotted a reputa-
tion as was conceded to Andrew Johnson by
the reluctant confession finally extorted from
his prosecutors themselves. With the recorded
result of ten months prodigious effort before
the House, in the shape of aportentous volume
of more than a thousand printed pages, it was
so apparent that the cloud of defamation could
not be condensed into a drop of even prima
facie proof, that the prosecution was definitely
abandoned by one of the most decisive votes
ever takeu in this body.
But, Mr. Speaker, it nmy well be doubted
whether, after all, the failure of this formid-
able attempt at impeachment was owing so
much to the failure of evidence, as to the un-
mistakable signs of popular disapprobation
and well-founded fears of public indignation.
The fall elections of 1867 had but recently
taken place, and in their result the impeachers
had found themselves impeached. The re-
action against revolutionary usurpation which
had commenced the year before in Maryland
now extended from Maine to California, re-
versing majorities in irany States and reducing
them in all. To insult the sense of public justice
by impeaching aud removing the constitutional
Chief Magistrate for simply endeavoring to
restore harmony to tho country aud stability
to its credit, because in so doing he necessarily
obstructed to some extent a congressional
scheme of partisan supremacy, required a
greater depth of audacity than was yet attained
by the requisite majority of numbers.
At all events. Mr. bpeaker, the .Judiciary
Committee were regarded as hopelessly de-
moralized, and entirely useless for the purposes
