3292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
Testimony of Hon, James Harlan.
" Question. Stato what you know, if anything, in
regard to the issue of agricultural collegescrip, under
the act ot 1862, to any oftheStateslately in rebellion
against the Government.
"Answer. Some time during the summer of I860, a
gentleman appeared in the Interior Department
representing himself to be the agent of the Stato of
North Carolina, and made a demand lor the agri-
cultural college scrip to which that State was en-
titled. His request was submitted by me, as Secre-
taiy of the Interior, to the President ut a Cabinet
meeting, and I received the directions of the Presi-
dent to cause the scrip to be issued to that State, and
I gave the necessary directions to the Commissioner
of the Land Office. I do not remember the actual
issue of any scrip, or countersigning any scrip; it
may have been countersigned by me as Secretary of
the luteiior before I left.
" Question. Wasthesubjectdiscussedin theCabinet
meeting to which you refer?
"Answer. Yes, it was talked over as such questions
were usually talked over; not in a formal way.
"Question. Was there any question mado. or any
diversity of opinion expressed on the subject by mem-
bers of the Cabinet, or did you yourself suggest any
objections to the issue?
"Answer. I think the question of the right of the
State to the scrip at the time was talked over. It was.
howevoi, tho settled policy of the President to permit
each of these States to receive and enjoy all therights
and privileges of any otherStatcinthe Union,on the
ground that th ey h ad b eeu fully restored to th e Union.
Thoro were members of the Cabinet who dissented
from the theory; but, with tho concurrence of the
majority and the President, it was acted upon as a
settled question."
Testimony of E. A. IiolUns, Commissioner of Interned
Jicvcnve.
"Question. Stato whether or not the executive
removals mado in the yenr 1866 in tho internal rev-
enue department were beiielicial to the revenue
service.
"Answer. I did not then, nor do I now, regard thern
so.
" Question. As far as you know, were tho persons
removed charged with incapacity or dishonesty in the
performance of their duties?
"Answer, in but vory few instances.
"Question. You stated that the icmovals were in-
jurious to the revenue service. Have you made any
estimate or have you any opinion of the extent of
the injury to the revenue service growing out of these
rcmo/als?
"Answer. I have made no estimate; it was from a
variety of causes. The mere changing of cxperionced
foi inexperienced officers gave better opportunity
lor fraud upon such officers by experienced, design-
ing tax payers. 1 have no doubt that the loss to the
revenue was many million dollars.
" Question. Have you any means of saying whether
the loss was five, ten, or twenty million dollars?
"Answer. I have not. This must bo a matter of
estimate rather than of calculation. There can be
but little actual, reliablo data, except what comes
out of the nature of tho cases and tho character of
the several officers removed and appointed.
" Question, Aside from tho elements of experience,
were tho men appointed, in ^equalities which pub-
lic officers ought to possess, equal to those who were
removed, considered as a body?
"Answer. I do not so regard them.
" Question. Do you trace any difficulties in collect-
ing revenue on distilled spirits to tho changes made
in the year I860?
"Answer. I do. I suggested in a previous answer
that there was better opportunity for fraud upon in-
experienced officers. Designing distillers and recti-
lieiswore actually encouraged to combine for pur-
poses of fraud.
" Question. Are there men in tho revenue service
whom you should have l ©moved upon public grounds
if the power of removal had been vested in you
solely ?
"Answer. There are.
"Question. Why have those persons not been re-
moved?
"Answer. Because I had not the power to remove
thein ?
" Question. What have you done, if anything, for
the purpose of obtaining their removal bytheageney
of the Secretary of the Treasury or of the President,
or of both?
"Answer. I have had no conference with, nor have
I made a communication directly to, the President
since the spring or eaily summer of 18GG. To the
Secretary I have, from time to time, expressed my
opinion—unfavorable opinion—of some assessors and
collectors, but made no formal communication until
recently. I have filed with him, I believe.no dis-
tinct charges, based upon evidence received by me
concerning the assessors and collectors of whom I
had had an unfavorable opinion and whose removal I
believed would be of advantage.
"Question. Why have you not.recommended the
removal of these persons? _
"Answer. I have done so informally, but not form-
ally, bocause I have supposed that my opinion would
notreecivo much credit with the President. I have
not formally done so until recently."
Testimony of Matthew McEwen.
" Question. What was your rank in the Army, and
wheie were you stationed?
" Ansiccr. I was surgeon in the Army. My brevet
rank is brigadier general. In tho early part of the
war I was in charge of the United States general hos-
pital in the valley of the Kanawha. Iwas afterward
assigned to the second c.ivalrydivision assurgeon. I
was surgeon-io-chief of tho brigade, of the division,
and of the corps for a short time. 1 rc&ided before
tho war in Charlcstown, West Virginia.
"Question. As such surgeon, did yon become ac-
quainted with the fact that there was alarge number
of deserters from the Army ?
" A)isiocr. Yes, sir. I knew quite a number who
were marked deserters, in our command especially.
" Question. State whether, afteryou were discharged
from the Army, you conceived the idea of attempting
to get those deserters, or any of them restored ?
"Answer. I did.
4> Question. Did you make up a list of mon to make
application to have them restored ?
"Answer. I did.
"Question. How many names did that list contain ?
"Answer. One hundred and ninety-three, I think.
"Question. What was your motive in getting these
men pardoned?
"Answer. I expected to be paid for it, of course; I
have been acting as claim agent for the soldiers of
our division.
" Question. Having this list, state whether youcon-
eeived the design of applying to anybody to get polit-
ical influence for that purpose?
"Answer. I did; I applied to Mr. Andrews, of
Berkeley county, the editor of the Era, who was then
a candidate for Congress in opposition to Mr.
Kitchen, the present member of that district. I
applied to him through his son, the father being then
absent canvassing.
" Question. What was the message that you sent by
the son to the father?
" Answer. That the restoration of thosemen would
be of great importance to him in his election. That
was the subject wo had in discussion.
" Question. Did you receive an answer to that mes-
sagc?
"Answer. I did, in the form of aletterto the Presi-
dent of tho United States by Mr. Andrews. I think
T have a copy of the letter; and if so, I will furnish
it to the committee. It stated that it would bo a
matter of great political importance to have thoso
men restoied; that they nearly all resided in his
congressional district, and that the majority of them
would vote the Democratic ticket. I received this
letter three or four days alter I had sentthemessago
by the son. Two or three telegraphic dispatches had
passed between us. The son named a time when tho
father would be at home. I went to see him, but ho
was not at home, and the son furnished me with this
letter.
" Question, What did you do with tho letter?
"Answer. I gave it, with tho list, to Thomas B.
Florence.
" Question. How was this list headed?
"Answer. List of deserters; giving regiments and
companies. My impression is that the original list
had that heading, but I am not positive.
"Question. Do you recollect whether vou gave any
other paper to Mr. Florence except Mr. Andrew's
letter and this list?
"Answer. I do not think I did, unless it may have
been some short statement of my own; but I do not
recollect.
"Question. What did you tell Mr. Florence that you
desired to have done with the letter and list?
"Answer. I wished him to get those men relieved
of the charge of desertion, which would place them
on the roils  gain. Ho said he would attend to it. I
think I saw him again about two days after that. He
said that tho application looked very favorablo, and
that he thought it probable the men would be re-
stored. When I called again the second time he
furnished me with the order of restoration. (.Wit-
ness produces the order removing all pains and pen-
alties from tho men named therein on account of the
charge of desertion. It is dated 'Adjutant Gene-
ral's Office, November 21, 18iSi3,' signed by 13. D.
Townsond, Acsistnnt Adjutant General, and i-* ad-
dressed to 'Dr. M. McKvvcn, care of Hon. T. B.
Florence, Washington, District of Columbia.' The
order and envelope in. which it was inclosed are
attached to the testimony, marked Exhibit B.]
"Question. As to how many on that list did you, of
your own knowledge, know anything of the merits
of their application?
"Answer. 1 was personally acquainted with nearly
all tho cavalrymen.
"Question. As to how many of them had you any
written evidence of the merits of their application ?
"Answer. I had no evidence at all from their offi-
cers.
"Question. Did you file any evidence in the War
Department?
"Answer. I did not. There were no papers filed
except what I have already stated. I am satisfied
that no one had anything to do with tho application
but myself.
"Question. IIow long prior to the election did you
get tho order restoring these men ?
"A nswer. A very few days; not over three or four.
" Question. As claim agent, what did you suppose
would be the amount of penalties and forfeitures
that would be lost to those men in case they were not
restored, and that would come to them in ease they
were restored?
"Answer. Some ran as high as $600, and others not
over 6100. Taking them altogether I suppose the
aggregate amount might be safely put at. £75,000.
" Question. How much were you to have as claim
agent in case they were restored?
"Ansvter. Those with whom I had my understand-
ing were to give me one half. Wich many of them I
have had no understanding at all.
"Question. With how many had you such under-
standing?
** Answer. With nearly all the cavalry men.
" Question. Y m had no understanding with the
infantry men.
"Answer. No, sir: there has been nothing done
with any of them.
"Question. When you received that order from
Thomas B. Florence, did you pay him any money
therefor, as a reward for his services ?
"Anfncer, I did.
'* Question. How much?
"Answer. I paid him $1,000.
" Question. In what form?
"Answer, In ten dollar notes.
" Question. Did you take any receipt?
"A)iswer. I did not.
" Question. Do you know any other matter or thing,
in relation to these men, -which the committee ought
to know?
"Answer, I do not know of anything else. I thipk
I have told all."]
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the resolu-
tions be laid upon the table, and on that motion
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. L wil-i
modify my motion and say Monday two weeks.
Mr. HOLMAN". I insist on my motion to
lay upon the table.
The House divided ; and tKere were—ayes
24, noes CO; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I now
move that the further consideration of the sub-
ject be postponed until Monday two weeks.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, as this question now seems to be
reopened, I desire to submit a series of addi-
tional articles involving the higher political
crimes. They are as follows:
Resolved, That the following additional articles he
exhibited by the House of Representatives against
Andrew Johnson, President ol the United States, in
further maintenance and support of their impeach-
ment against him for high crimes and misdemeanors;
Article I.
That the said Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, not regarding the proper limitation
of his powers as such officer under the Constitution
and laws thereof, but contriving and intending by
means and under color of the authority vested in
him as the chief executive officer of this Govern-
ment, and Commander-in-Chief of its armies, to
bring back into the Union tho lately revolted States
upon terms and conditions dictated by himself, with-
out tho consent of Congress and in defiance of its
will, did under the false pretense that it was his
right and duty as such Executive under the Consti-
tution to guaranty to every Stato in this Union a
republican form of government, heretofore, to wit:
on the — day of , 1865, and at divers other days
and times, unlawfully usurp and exercise powers and
functions belonging only to the Congress, by issuing
proclamations, of his own authority, setting up now
governments in suudiy of the said revolted States,
placing over them in the quality of provisional gov-
ernors, which was au office unknown to the law, mon
of his own appointment, who wore disqualified under
tho laws of the United States, by reason ol their par-
ticipation in the rebellion fiom holding any civil
office therein, in violation of tho Constitution and tho
laws thereof: whereby the said Andrew Johnson,
President as aforesaid, did then and there commit,
and was guilty of a high misdemeanor in office.
Article II.
That the said Andrew Johnson, President of tho
United States, in contempt of the authority of Con-
gress and of the laws passed thereby, and in order to
the carrj ing out of the policy of reconstruction indi-
cated in sundry proclamations issued by him for that
purpose, without the aid of Congress, did pay and
direct the payment of salaries to W. W. liolden, B.F.
Perry, James Johnson, Lewis E. Parsons, and William
Marvin, provisional governors unlawfully appoint ed
by him over the States of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, and Florida, at rates
fixed by himself, out of the contingent fund of the
War Department, though well knowing that thesaid
provisional governors were officers unknown to tho
Constitution and laws of the United Stales, and wci e
disqualified by their participation in the rebellion
from taking the oath of office required in all cases,
and did not take tho same: thereoy disregarding and
violating the provisions of the acts of Congress of
the 2d of July, 1862, and 9th February, 18G3, and mis-
applying and misusing the moneys appiopiiated by
law to the proper and legitimate uses of the said
Department; and this for the purpose of enabling
him to dispense with the cooperation of Congress m
and about the premises, and in violation of his high
tru^t as chief of the executive department of tins
Government: whereby the said Andrew Johnson,
President as aforesaid, did commit and was guilty of
a high misdemeanor in office.
Article ill.
i That in like contempt of the Constitution of the
; United States, tho said Andrew Johnson, President
i of the United States, in order to pay the expenses of
j the provisional governments unlawfully set up by
j him within the said revolted States, in the absence
ij of any means suppliftd by Congress for that purpose,
!! and for the purpose of raising money therefor, without
|S its authority or consent, did authorize bis pretended
ji governors, or some <>f them, to seize and appropri-
j| ato for that use a portion of the property late of the
11 rebel confederate and State governments within
