5*50
T0B CONGRESSIONAL GLOttft
January 7,
Bay inquiry tiat tMe market which the gentle*
man contemplated was what he has now ex-
plained, and I would inquire whether, in the
opinion of the Committee on Naval Affairs, it
is a wise policy for us to sell the vessels con-
stituting our naval armament for the benefit
of other Powers? The gentleman has alluded
to the sale of the Dunderberg to France. If I
am correctly informed that vessel proved to be
one of the staunchest and best sea-going ves-
sels ever built on this continent. .Her transfer
to France goes to weaken our Navy and to
Strengthen that of a powerful maritime rival.
I submit to the gentleman whether we can
afford to pursue that kind of policy—whether it
is wise? If these vessels are too expensive
for us to keep would it not be better to break
them up and sell them for whatever we could
get for the material rather than to send them
into other parts of the world to strengthen
other naval Powers that might in some con-
tingency turn onr own weapons against us ?
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Maynard] will recollect that the Dun-
derberg never constituted a portion of our
Navy.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am very well aware of
that; but she Was built for our Navy, and was
expected to be a powerful addition to it, and
according to niry information would have been
such had we retained her on this side of the
water instead of allowing her to be sold to a
rival Power. '
Mr. PIKE. The .question in relation to tire
Dunderberg was whether we should purchase
fcer or allow some one else to purchase her.
About one million dollars had been advanced
upon her 
Mr. MAYNARD. Was not the question
Whether we should pay for her, she having {
been built for our service, or refuse to pay for |
her and allow the builder to go elsewhere in I
search of a purchaser ? I
Mr. PIKE. The question was whether, I
having made advances, We should complete j
those advances and thus purchase the vessel
or allow somebody else to purchase the vessel.
The latter appeared the wiser course; and
Congress by a special act decided to release
the builder upon his* refunding the amount
already paid to hitn.
I will say, in reply to the gentleman from
New Yotk, [Mr. Wood,] who proposes that
these vessels shall be sold at public auction,
that this resolution provides for the selling of
&ny of these vessels after valuation, because it
has been found, after trial of selling vessels
which had been in the merchant service by
public auction, the Government could never
realize more than the appraised value. Of
course we should not send them for sale to
public auction without fixing the minimum
twice rit wfcfteh they should be sold. By the
gentleman'jr plan, therefore, we would gain
nothing, ^hile we taight lose the opportunity
for their sale at a good price.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I am in favor of
the resolution reported from the Committee
on Naval Affairs. It is but carrying out a
policy which I think the whole country de-
mftrtd at this time—general retrenchment in
all the expenses of the Government. I think,
sir, that retrenchment should be immediately
applied to every Department—to the War De-
partment, to the Navy Department, and to all
the civil Departments of the Government.
Therefore I am in favor of the sale of these
vessels. $or am I frightened by the consid-
erations #Wch' the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Si^iTABD] presents, that possibly we
may sell SOttie of these ships to rival mari-
time nations, and thus strengthen them and
weaken ourselves.
I think, sir, the sooner we bring back the
Government to the plain old republican
economic ttisis upon which we started the
better. It is unnecessary to take this occasion
to refer to the enormous burden of taxation
now needed to defray the expenditures of the
Government on a peace basis.
Now, am 111 favor of the sale of thesei
ships, and I should apply in the disposition of
these ships the rule that a merchant would
under like circumstances resort to in the sale
of his commodities—I would place these
.vessels in open market, and forgoneral com-
petition. I would, indeed, invite all the na-
tions of Europe, if th% desired any of these
vessels, to purchase them if they will pay more
than individual buyers. The Governments of
Europe are now buying ships built in onr
private yards. They have taken the Dunder-
berg and they have taken other vessels; and my
word for it if these ships come into the hands
of private buyers they will resell them to the
Governments of Europe. I would, in the
resolution for the sale of these ships, incorpo-
rate, a provision granting sufficient time for
public advertisement to the whole world to let
them all know that these ships are for sale. I
would have the board provided in the resolu-"
tion fix the minimum price at which they should
be sold. I would then place them in public
market to be sold at public auction to the high-
est bidder. I would ao it immediately. I would
not-waitfor the information asked for by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wasiibtjrne,]
although it is proper for the country to know
the profligacy and willful extravagance that
during the last five years have been manifested
in every Department of the Government, not
only in reference to the building of ships, but
everything. I would not wait for that informa-
tion so far as the sale of these gunboats. * It
should be immediate, and all attempts at com-
bination to take the property of the Govern-
ment at one fifth its value should be defeated.
Gerferal publicity should be given to the sale,
and instead of only allowing the Governments
of Europe to come into the public market I
would invite them to do so.
It isa question of economy. We haveuseless
property which cost us a great deal of money.
We do not want it. We want to put money
into the public Treasury. Therefore it is I
hope the gentleman from Maine Will receive
the amendment that my friend from Indiana
has to offer.
Mr. KERR. 1 submit the following amend-
ment i
Amend by adding: '
And said vossots shall bo sold only at public auc-
tion, and for not les3 than their appraised value fixed
by Such board, after snch advertisement as tlio Bee-
rotary of the Navy shall deem proper.
Mr. PIKE. I decline to yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, these ves-
sels wo propose to sell are paTt of the active
Navy. The gentleman has, doubtless, as most
of us have, seen them. They bear the scars
and marks of honorable warfare in many a
fight. They are associated intimately and
closely with much of the best action of our
Navy, and, sir, I do not feel disposed by any
aetion of mine to see them go abroad, to be
taken from under our flag and the flag of a
foreign nation placed over them. Brave men
fought' npon their decks and brave men died
there. It is part of the glory and honor of "the
nation that we are to sell to put money in the
Treasury. Suppose the original Monitor her-
self were here—unfortunately she is at the
bottom of the sea—would the gentleman from
New York think it economy to put her into the
market, giving the widest and longest notice to
see how much money the nations of the earth
would bid for that wonderful memento of our
naval renown? If his idea of economy lies in
that direction, let us go down here to Annap-
olis to the Naval Academy and take the old
Constitution, that we have been rebuilding and
refitting at such expense aiid pnt her up fot
sale. Doubtless we can find purchasers at a
good price. Then there Is the Macedonian,
that in the last war was captured under the
flag of Great Britain; pttt her into the market
atia I doubt not there Would be agents of that
Power that would bay up that vessel at almost
any price.
I submft that there are some things that
men, and nations as well as men, cannot af-
ford to sell for money, and one of those things
is the hational honor, glory, and renown which
is symbolized in these scarred armored vessels
that lie at our various wharves, and which, as
I understand the gentleman, he proposes to
put into the market to sell to go under a for-
eign flag. If they must be sold, if they must
disappeaf from our Navy, let them disappear
entirely from the navies of the earth, let them
no more float upon the sea, but break them up
and sell the materials for the best that we can
1 | et for them and put that money into the
' Treasury.
I am opposed to this measure, if I under-
stand it correctly. It strikes me most pain-
fully. It strikes me as most unwise, unpat-
riotic, and every way injudicious.
Mr. WOOD. May I ask the gentleman a
question?
Mr. MAYNARD. Undoubtedly.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman refers to the
scars which these vessels now bear. I would
ask him whether the tax-payers of the country
have not been pretty well scarred, and whether
he is not aware of the fact that very few of the
'vessels which it is proposed to sell were in any
engagement whatever?
Mr. MAYNARD. I am well aware that the
tax-payers of this country have been scarred.
I am very welt aware that the marks of treason '
are npon the face of this nation elsewhere than
upon the decks and sides of her armored ves-
, Sels. I am not aware that very few of the ves-
sels now proposed to be sold were engaged in
; the actual defense of the country, and do not
bear the marks of bullets fired from treason's
guns. In the case of the Dunderberg these
considerations did not ^prevail, because she had
never been in the service; she had never been
practically in the Navy. This sentiment, if
Vou please, this principle, did not attach to
lier. It Was purely a matter of policy in her
case as to the strength of our Navy in com-
parison with the navies of the earth; but I
I submit that these ships that have done gallant
service in so many fights cannot be sold with-
1 out great disadvantage to the morale of our
I Navy and to the honor of our country.
1 Mr. PIKE. After a remark or two-I shall
call the previous question. I will say in reply
to the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
that we do not propose to make an inventory of
ourgoods and dispose of them, as a house-clear-
ing operation, to the nations of Europe. We
have no idea—and I trust that the House of Rep-
resentatives has no idea—of disposing of the
Navy of the United States. Iknowthatperson-
ally I am as much attached to the Navy of the
United States as any gentleman upon this floor.
I have loved it from my youth, and I would do
nothing, if I know myself, to deteriorate one
particle froifl its power or to dim in the slight-
est degree the luster of its glory.
But in relation to these vessels let me say
that we have a valuable Navy of iron-clad ves-
sels that we do not propose to offer to the nations
of Europe or to anybody else. There is no ves-
sel on this list that we propose to sell that is
worthy the attention of a first-class Power, so
the gehtleiftan from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard]
may set at rest any apprehensions npon that
scdre.
We have tie vessel npon the list for sale that
either Great Britain or France would wish to
purchase of us were we disposed to sell any of
them.
We haVe wpon this list a number of vessels
that not only never have been in any naval
engagement, but have never beefi in the ser-
vice. Of the fifty-four iron-clad vessels now
in possession of the Government thirty-seven
of them have never been in the service, conse-
quently the eloquent remarks of the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] do not apply
to them at all. They have never been engaged
in battle, have never heard a hostile gun, have
never been organized for any such purpose.
Mr. MAYNARD. Do I understand the
gentleman to say that none of these vessels
proposed to be sold have ever been in action ?
Mr. PIKE. I say that of the fifty-four iron-
