i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1745
went to the polls and voted for this constitn-
tion they should be dismissed fpom his em-
ployment, and that when they gave their votes
he did dismiss them.
Through such influences as these this con-
stitution failed by a very small vote to receive
a majority of all the votes registered in the
State, although the State ticket was elected
by a majority of all the votes cast. Sir, if
the~e had been a fair vote, if all men had been
left, free to vote according to their opinions
without restraint or the influence of fear or
fraud we would be bound by the law in re-
gard to that vote; but they have had no such
opportunity. An overwhelming maj ority of the
people of that State, if left free, would not only
vote for the constitution, but would vote for
the men selected for the officers of that State
under the new constitution. General Meade
is examining into the various counties ot the
State, and lie will in a tew days make a report
he subje
and it is proposed, if nothing is
done in Congress, to have another election in
those counties in which violence was used.
In two counties it is alleged that no polls were
opened at ail, and in two other counties the
vote was destroyed after being given.
Mr. B. W. Norrus, chairman of the Repub-
lican State committee and member-elect to
Congress from Alabama, a gentleman known
to the Senators from Maine, states:
"Proofs are thickcning daily and coming in from
all quaiters ot outrages and Iraud perpetrated m
many couuties, by which we have been deloateu."
***********
"The game of bullying that was practiced in But-
lercoumy was played most successfully in Conccuh,
Bullock, and mauy other counties."
Mr. Morse, of Choctaw county, indorsed by
Mr. Norm as a southern man, a conserva-
tive Republican of unquestioned veracity, says:
"Union men of this county will have to leave;
they urc? already tin cateued with exile, and mob-law
prevails. Freedmen are discharged and driven to
tho woods because they voted for the constitution.
Organizations are formed now todnvo Union men
hum the county. Chiidrcu a.ie proscribed iroiu the
schools."
A. W. Jones, a minister of the gospel and
a avitober of the constitutional convention,
writing from Evergreen to Mr. Norris, says:
"The rebels have prevented us from polling for
the constitution at le«u t twelve hundred vote*. 11.
II at i. hot, superintendent of registration, appointed
R. Itabb, a rebel club man, to hold the election."
General George K. Spencer, of Tuscaloosa,
a distinguished Union officer, now register in
bankruptcy, says in a letter to Mr. Norris:
""Wo have had a terrible strugclc in this county.
The rebel clement has been peitectly intolerant and
unbearable, iivo hundred ot our voters have been
kept. iroui the polls uy them. The abiiso heaped
upon mo is very hard to bear, but as I have no al-
ternative i shall have to submit. Our people are
very much discouraged and disheartened." * *
* * "The vote in Pickons county was 1,167 for
the constitution. As I feared, both colored and white
people were intimidated, and several hundred ol our
Incntls did nut vote. There was a good many mstanccs
there wheio voteis were, by the use ot lorceaud army,
keptliom going to the polls. Many have been turned
oil smeo voting. A terrible state ot affairs exists in
that county. Matters ought to be looked into in that
county. It would be well to look into aftairs iu this
county also."
Hon. Mr. Horton, mayor of Mobile, says:
"I wrote your colleague, Hon. C. Sumner, a few
days since, and now take the liberty ot addressing
you. The condition of tho country i regard as more
critical now than at any time since the close ot the
war. Tho removal of General Swayne has caused
the defeat ol tho ratification of tho constitution m
this State, and was doubtless so designed by Presi-
dent Joiinson under the advice of rebel politicians,
fcjouth and XortU. The inhuman,nottosay fiendish,
etforts put forth to intimidate and prevent people
from voting are unparalleled in the history of this
country, and are the legitimate results of the influ-
ence of slavery, which has been forcibly described as
the 4sum of all villainies.'" * * * *
"The immediate admission of Alabama into the
Union would do more to vitalize loyalty in the unre-
constructed States than any measure that can be
ado pted."
J. A. Yordy, agent of the_ Freedmen's Bu-
reau at Eutaw, Alabama, writes :
" That he was in charge of the polls at Eutaw, Ala-
bama, in August last, when 2.800 votes were ca<t for
the convention. That he was again m charge ot the
polls on the 4th ot ifebruaiy, and that but 1,/Jo
voted for the constitution out oi -.-*0 vote-* cast.
Tills was caused by the mutilation of the tickets by
rebels, who threatened the voters with pistols and
lli-'-r i \ «'n >r^ W. 1 in
knives. There were some twenty ruffians at the polls
who took numbers of tickets and tore off the word
'constitution.' They drove many froedmen from
the polls, and many whites were so intimidated by
their threats as to prevent them irom voting. By
such action 437 votes tor the constitution were torn
off the tickets given for Governor."
Mr. W. A. Stripiin, one of the registers of
the thirty-fifth district, writing from Calhoun
county, says that—
14 Kot more than 800 votes were polled out of 3,000.°
**********
" The frecdinen in Calhoun county were kept away
from the polls by intimidation, beiDg threatened with
dismissal from employment if they went. Some of
those who did go have been dismissed, their goods
being forcibly ejected from their dwelling-places."
George H. Richardson, of Coosa county,
states under oath:
"That in4862 he left Alabama and enlisted in the
second Indiana cavalry; that tho polls were opened
at Grumpier s tan-yard, in Coosa county, and kept
open two days; that one L. M. Parker, on the first
day's election, came to the polls and lemained till
the close, taking down the names of the voters for
publication; that this action prevented many white
men trom voting: that six white gentlemen stated
to him that tiie picsence ot Parker at the polls pre-
vented their voting: that Parker and five other
rebels were armed. Parker displaying a revolver.
They challenged voters, and denied the right ot men
to vote whose names were printed on the registry
list, and on one occasion, while examining a voter a&
to age, Parker drew the pistol so that it could bo
seen. Tho voter declined to vote on account of the
threats ot said Parker. He further deposed that ho
had termed a school not far from Cruuipler's tan-
yard, which was broken up by the rebels because he
voted tor the constitution."
Mr. A. M. McBrayer, a register of voters in
Coosa county, states under oath— • -
"That polls were opened in three places in Coosa
county, but were only kept open two days because
we never received uoticeot the extension of the time
until alter the days appointed were past. High
water, consequent upon heavy rains, kept many voters
from reaching any of the polls. Those who voted
dul so in the lace ot threats of violence from the
lilock cavalry, a ireebooting organization of ex-rebel
soldiers and th ieve.-, wtio have udden over the county
trom tune to tune since the war ended robbing and
maltreating Union men and freedmen. Voters were
told that u they cast ballots at all they would be
driven fiom the county; and some have been dis-
charged irom employment for having voted. Terror
reigns in Coosa oouuty, and all the votes cast have
been thrown by men of more than common nerve.
Notwithstanding all this I am confident that the
vote of tho county would have been double what it
is if the high water and tho short time that the polls
were open had not combined to keep men away,"
Thomas Haughey, member-elect from Ala-
bama, btates in a letter to Hon. Albert Griffin :
"This organized system of terrorism and intimi-
dation proved effective in keeping from the polls in
Limestone county about nine hundred colored voters,
and from tour hundred to five hundred whites. The
spirit of rebellion is as raaniiest in Limestone
county and many other portions of North Alabama
to-day ns it has been at any time during the war.
Our salvation noiv depends upon the prompt and
learless action ot Congress, We must bo admitted
immediately to representation."
Captain R. >1. Reynolds, who served in our
Army during the rebellion, in a letter to me,
says :
"Wo have received enough returns from our late
elecuou to assure us ihatwe are technically defeated
in the ratification of the constitution, yet wo are
really victorious, having polled such a number of
vote- lhat we arc assured could not have been over-
come by the rebels had they polled their last man.
"You ask mo how wo were defeated in the late
election ? A few facts will fully show how we were
even defeated by the letter of the law.
"I. W. S. Hatchet, late confederate cotton agent,
and a man whoso naino was submitted to our late
convention to have political disabilities removed,
was appointed chief ot registration of the State just
upon the eve ot election, and he removed nearly all
county boards of registry and appointed mainly per-
son* opposed to reconstruction and the constitution.
"II The judges of election were mainly selected as
opposed to the constitution, and their decisions out
off thousands from casting their votes. In Wilcox
county (and we think this a favorite county) out of
nine judges but two east their votes at election. ■
" III The colored people were intimidated trom
casting* their votes by threats of violence and by being
turned out of employment if theydared to cast a vote
at the election, keeping many Irom the polls.
"IV. Thewhitepeopiewciedeterredtiomyoungby
threats ot publishing their names and classing them
among the enemies of the whito race. Ihe Conserva-
tive Central Club at Montgomery passed resolutions,
vfjoiiw? That we will hold as enemies to our race
anv and all persons who vote lor the constitution,
and we urgently request all persons to gjvc employ-
ment to no one, eitnor white or biaeK, except those
who refuse to vote/ Arc. . ,
*4 V. The robels returner to vote against the constitu-
i tion compelled us tp give an unprecedented vote to
seenre t&econstitatlon. Shall their refusal work oar
injury? Had they got out their last man we should
have beaten them, as the returns will show, as, in-
deed, they all now admit. It is generally held that a
man shall not be benefited by his own wrong. Will
Congress se hold now? I think you will hunt in vain
for tho adoption of any constitution of any State by
a 'majority of all the legal voters of that State.'
Will you hold us to what has nevor been done by
any State in the Union? : v, . -
••VI. The registration books were notpurged of dis-
qualified voters since September last, and, as a con-
sequence, we were compelled to count the following
classes as against the constitution: -
1. Those who died since September, 1867.
2. Those committed for crime since September,
a. Those leaving the State since September, 1867.
4. The sick and disabled at election. : .
5. Those absent on business.
Need I state any further facts? The whole is now
before you, and we feel thatwe have done all we could,
which many of us did at the peril of our lives. Many
of tho colored people had many miles to travel in
mid-winter, swimming streams to reach the polls. I
never eaw any people on earth struggle harder to
accomplish a given result than did the colored peo-
ple in this State. Thev deserve success. Everything
against them, and all rebels fighting against thorn,
misleading them with false statements, bribing them,
threatening, and throwing them out of doors, &c., all
to no purpose. Old men and sick walked from twenty
to thirty miles through mud and rain to reach the
polls to deposit their vote for the constitution that
they might have their freedom assured. We who
have bought homes in this State since the war now
feel that Congress alone can protect us in our rights.
The pressure against us is terrible: and we confi-
dently look to you for assistance. Can you not ad-
mit us with our heavy vote, which is a majority of all
votes which could be cast even if four fifths of tho
legal voters had come out and voted ?
Mr. John C. Keffer, a gentleman who has
taken a leading part in reconstruction in that
State, and whose name waa borne on the State
ticket for an important position, states ia a
letter to me that— y v
"The election in Alabama seems to have resulted
in the polling of about eighty or eighty-one thousand
votes for ratification of the constitution, and some
four or five hundred against it. The registered vote
is understood to be aboutseventeen thousand, includ-
ing all who were registered at any time since regis-
tration commenced. If the names of those wbo^have
died or removed from the State could be stricken
from the list it is highly probable that a majority of
tho registered voters would bo found to have voted
for the ratification of the Constitution. Surrounded
by three States holding temptations to men to change
their homes, by reason of not having received tlio
stipulated wages called for by the oontracts, tho num-
ber of removals made by the laboring class has been
unprecedentedly large. But the names of all who
have so removed remain on the lists to be counted
as voters against the constitution and against recon-
struction. The extent of these changes of homes and
their effect may be partially realized from the fact
that a gentleman traveling south iVom Tennessee
over two hundred miles of Alabama roads met fifty
teams with white and black people emigrating into
Tennessee. In Russell county, Alabama, more than
two hundred men registered in Georgia applied to
vote, and were, of course, refused; and it is fair to
suppose that the places these men tilled as laborers
were vacated by others whose names are still borne
on the registration lists. Even at so central a point
as Montgomery many men were found who had been
registered in Georgia and Mississippi. . '
"The conduct of the army of officials allowed to
retain power and to use both power and patronage
in opposition to reconstruction was outrageous, and,
when added to the open and undisguised hostility of
most of the newly-appointed registers, made up an
adverse interestof great weight. Sheriffs summoned
the worst men in the vicinity and stationed theui
about the polls as conservators of tho peace. The
voter had, in most instances, to make his way to the
ballot-box through a line of ruffians armed to the
teeth and bent upon depriving him of his vote by
everything short of actual violence. Atone poll the
voters were reouired to stop at a marked line and
take off their hats and make obeisance to these so-
called conservators of tho peace. Every white uian
who voted did po under hootings, jeers, and threats,
and his name was published in the newspapers cou-
pled with the vilest epithets and slanders, and with
exhortations to stop trading with him if he wero^ in
business, and to discharge him if ha were a laboring
man or mechanic.
"During the election week and the week following
the papers all over tho State were filled with these
lists, and their effect upon voters may be readily con-
ceived. - 5
" Instead of conducting the elections under the laws
of Congress the judges were ordered to follow the
laws of Alabama; and they gave themselves the
widest latitudo in the construction of those laws.
Challenges were allowed on evcryconceivableground,
voters sworn, and all the time wasted that could be
thus consumed. In tho larger counties the polls
closed with hundreds waiting an opportunity to
vote, many of whom had so waited for whole days.
"The effect of the changes of registers is made ap-
parent at once by a comparison of the votes in wj
different counties. Where the old registers continued
in office the vote is everywhere increased; wnerenew
registers, hostile to reconstruction, were put m onic©
i the votes tall ofi. , , c
11 "Tho moans adopted to secure the defeat of the oon-
