1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2760
fer the claim for adjudication to the -Court of
Claims. He may exercise this discretion with-
out the slightest reference to the convenience
of the claimant. The claimant's hands are
tied; he cannot ask to have the claim thus
transferred for adjudication : ha has no right to
say a word about it; he is bound hand andfoot
by the law. But if the head of the Depart-
ment sees fit «t„o turn him out of the Depart-
ment and sendxhim into the Court of Claims
he must go there, and there he must prosecute
his claim. It is not mutual, therefore. While
it relieves the officers of the Government of
some duties, which undoubtedly^are at times
onerous and difficult, it gives,to the claimant
by no means the benefit bf,'taking his case
before an impartial judicial tribunal for adju-
dication and settlement.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend permit
me to correct him ?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly, if I am in error.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The claimant has a per-
fect right to go to the Court of Claims, as well
as the Secretary, by the general law.
Mr. HOWARD. Can he transfer his claim
from the Department and bring it into the
Court of Claims?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly ; and he most
generally sues there after being beaten in the
Department, if he chooses to go there at all.
Mr. HOWARD. My objection is mainly
that this unnecessarily seeks to relieve the
officers of the Government from the discharge
of their duties and enables them to shirk
responsibilities which are justly imposed upon
them by the law. I move to strike out the
seventh section.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not in order. The
question is on agreeing to it.
The PRESIDENTtempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment to insert
the seventh section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move now to insert after
the seventh section the following amendment,
to come in as section eight;
Srcc. S. And be it further enacted. That no person
shall file or prosecute any claim or suit 111 the Court
of Claims, or ail appeal therefrom, tor or in respect
to which he or any assignee of his shall have com-
menced and has pending, or shall commence and
have pending, any suit or process m any other court
against any officer or person who, at the timo the
eause as above alleged in such suit or process arose,
was in respect thereto acting or professing to act,
mediately or immediately, under the authority of
the United States, unless such suit or process, if now
pending in such other court, shall be withdrawn or
dismissed within thirty days next after the passage
of this act.
The object of this amendment is to put to
their election that large class of persons having
cotton claims particularly, who have sued the
Secretary of the Treasury and the other agents
of the Government in more than a hundred
suits that are now pending, scattered over the
country here and there, and who are here at
the same time endeavoring to prosecute their
claims, and have filed them in the Court of
Claims, so that after they put the Government
to the expense of beating them once in a court
of law they can turn around and try the whole
question in the Court of Claims. The object
is to put that class of persons to their election
either to leave the Court of Claims or to leave
the other courts. 1 am sure everybody will
agree to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
to insert the following as section nine :
Sec.9. And be it further enacted, That ail provisions
of any act incompatible herewith be, and the samo
arc hereby, repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS subsequently said: I ask
the consent of the Senate to submit a motion
' to reconsider the vote on the passage of the
Court of Claims bill. My friend from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] being out at the moment of
40th Cong. 2d Sess.— No. 174.
its passage, wishes to propose a mere verbal
amendment which leaves the bill, as I construe
it and I believe as he does, just as it is now ;
but he desires to offer it to avoid a miscon-
struction.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
is reconsidered. The vote by which the bill
was passed to a third reading will also be
reconsidered by unanimous consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The amendment can be
made by unanimous consent without that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
is reconsidered on its third reading.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, I move to amend
the bill by adding the following to the second
section:
But. until an order is made staying the payment of
ajudgment, the same shall be payable and paid as
now provided by law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read a third time, and
passed.
PURCHASE OF "VESSELS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of J. M. Schofield, Secre-
tary of War, communicating, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate of January 20,
1868, information relative'to the purchase and
sale of vessels by the War Department during
the war of the rebellion.
Mr. WILSON. I move that that commu-
nication be referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does that carry with
it the proposition to print the papers sent in?
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. No prop-
osition to print has been made.
Mr. WILSON. The committee will look
into them, and report as to printing.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask leave to report
certain amendments from the Committee on
Finance to the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial appropriation bill, with a view that they
may be printed and referred to the Committee
on Appropriations under the rules.
The PltBSIDENTpro tempore. Thatorder
will be made.
FKEEDMEs's BUREAU.
Mr. WILSON. I move now to take up
consideration the bill (H. ft. No. fiO8) to con-
tinue the Bureau for the Relief of Freedmen
and Refugees, and lor other purposes.
Mr. BUCKALEW called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being' taken,
resulted—yeas '2',), nays 8 ; as follows :
TEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Cole, Conklingr,
Conness, Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry, Fessenden, Fre-
linghuysen. Howard, Howe, Morgan, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, J-'omeroy, Ramsey,
Ross. Sherman, Stewart, Sumner. Tipton, Van Win-
kle. Wade, Willey, Williams,Wilson,and Yates—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Duulittle, Hendricks,
Johnson, McOreery, J>atterson of Tennessee, Sauls-
bury. and Viekers—8.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Chandler,
Cragin, I>avis, IHxon, Drake, Fowler, Grimes, Har-
lan, Henderson, Morton, Norton, Patterson of ISew
Hampshire, Spi ague, Thayer, and Trumbull—17.
So the motion was agreed to, and the bill
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It is provided in the first section that the act
entitled "An act to establish a Bureau for the
relief of Freedmen and Refugees,'' approved
March 3, 1865, and the act entitled "An act to
continue in foice and amend 'An act to estab-
lish a Bureau for the relief of Freedmen and
Refugees, and for other purposes,'" passed on
the 36th of July, 1866, shall continue in force
for the term of one year from and after the 16th
of July, 1868, excepting so far as herein mod-
ified. The Secretary of War is directed to
reestablish the bureau where the same has been
wholly or in part discontinued, if he shall be
satisfied that the personal safety of freedmen
shall require it.
Section two makes it the duty of the Secre-
tary of War to discontinue the operations of
the bureau in any State whenever such St^te
shall be fully restored in its constitutional rela-
tions with the Government of the United States,
and shall be duly represented in the Congress
of the United States, unless upon advising
with the commissioner of the bureau, and
upon full consideration of the condition of
freed men's affairs in such State, the Secretary
of War shall be of opinion that the further
continuance of the bureau shall bo necessary.
But the educational division of the bureau is
not to be affected, or in any way interfered
with, until such State shall have made suitable
provision for the education of the children of
freedmen within the State.
The third section provides that unexpended
balances in the hands of the commissioner,
not required otherwise for the due execution
of the law, may be, in his discretion, applied
for the education of freedmen and refugees,
subject to the provisions of law applicable
thereto.
Section four provides that officers of the
Veteran Reserve corps orof the volunteer ser-
vice, now on duty in the Freedmen's Bureau
as assistant commissioners, agents, medical
officers, or in other capacities, who have been
or may be mustered out of service, may be
retained by the commissioner, when they shall
be required for the proper execution of the
laws, as officers of the bureau, upon such duty
and with the same pay, compensation, and all
allowances, from the date of their appoint-
ment as now provided by law for their respect-
ive grades and duties at the dates of their mus-
ter out and discharge; and such officers so
retained shall have, respectively, the same
authority and jurisdiction as now conferred
upon "officers of the bureau" by act of Con-
gress passed on the 16th of July, 1866.
An amendment was reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
add to the bill the following additional section:
Srcc. 5. And be it further enacted. That the commis-
sioner is hereby empowered to sell lor cash or by
installments, with ample security, sehool buildings
and other buildings constructed for refugees and
freedmen by the bureau, to the associations, corpo-
rate bodies, or trustees who now use them tor pur-
poses ot education or relief of want, under suitable
guarantees that the purposes for which sueh build-
ings were constructed shall be observed: Provided,
That all funds derived therefrom shall be returned
to the bureau appropriation and accounted fortotho
Treasuj-f of the United States.
v. HENDRICKS. I should like to look
!t this bill a little. It has been impossible for
me to do so. If the Senator from Massachu-
setts does not care to press it to a passage to-
night, I should like very much that he would
consent to let it lie over unlil to-morrow. I
did not know that it was to be called up to-day,
or I should have looked into it.
Mr. WILSON. I am very anxious to have
the bill passed. I certainly do not wish to
press a matter improperly on the Senate ; but
the bill has been here for some time, and it is
necessary that it should be passed this week.
To-morrow we are to take up, I understand,
the bill reported this morning from the Judi-
ciary Committee. I should be glad if we could
get this bill through to-day, if possible. At
any rate I should like to have the amend-
ment acted upon, if the Senator will allow
that.
Mr. IIENDRICKS. I do not object to the
consideration of the bill in committee if when
it conies into the Senate the Senator will then
consent to let it. go over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Massachusetts is not disposed to press this bill
this afternoon, I am exceedingly anxious to
take rip ihe bill to remove political disabilities
from Roderick R. Butler, of Tennessee, it is
a bill that ought certainly to be disposed of.
It involves the right of a member of the other
House to a seat. I had it before the Senate
once or twice, and I think it will not take very
long to dispose of it.
Mr. WILSON. I wish Senators would let
us act on this amendment, and then when we
