1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
40th Cong....2d Sees.
Impendmieni—Mr. Phelps.
Ho. of Reps.
of impeachment, and another agency was
selected. On the 27th of January last a reso-
lution was passed which in effect authorized
the Committee on Reconstruction to inquire
into the propriety of renewing the prosecution
of the President, with particular reference to
his controversy with General Grant. The in-
vestigation of the committee elicited nothing
more than the well-known fact- of the Presi-
dent's anxiety to test the validity of the tenure-
of-office act by proper judicial proceedings,
and this third impeachment movement was
strangled in the committee-room.
Mr. Speaker, it is fortunate for the President
and for the country that by these repeated
experiments and repeated failures the subject
has been cleared, carefully and sedulcusly
cleared, of all extrinsic matter, and the House
is now called upon, and the Senate will prob-
ably be called upon, and the country in turn
will be called upon, to pronounce tiponasingle
and specific act which is relied upon as in itself
sufficient to warrant this gravest of all judicial
proceedings against a coordinate branch of the
Government of the United States. No charge
of general official misconduct or corrupt ad-
ministration and no'suspicion of personal tur-
pitude appear in the ease as finally presented.
Congress passed an act on the 2d of March,
1867, and it is charged that on yesterday, the
21st of Februa-ry, instant, the President under-
took to perform an executive function in direct
contravention of the terms and meaning of
that statute. The high crimes and misde-
meanors which he is alleged to have commit-
ted have all been perpetrated in the single act
of sending to Mr. Stanton aii official note,
which reads as follows:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, I). C-, February 21,
Sir : By virtue of the power and authority vested
in me as President by the Constitution and laws of
the United States you are hereby removed from
otfiee as Secretary for the Department of War, and
your functions as such will terminate upon receipt
of this communication.
You will transfer to Brevet Major General Lorenzo
Thomas, AdjutantGeneral of the Army, who has this
day been authorized and empowered to act as Secre-
tary of War ad interim, all records, books, papers,
and other public property now in your custody and
Respectfully, yours, ANDKBW JOHNSON",
lion. Edwin M. Stanton, Washington, JO. C.
It is claimed that in thus ordering the re-
moval from office of the Secretary of War,
and authorizing the Adjutant General of the
Army to act as such ad interim, the President
lias violated the provisions of a penal statute,
and committed the identical act which is de-
fined by its express terms to be a " high mis-
demeanor." The act of March 2, 1867, pro-
vides, in its sixth section :
"That every removal, appointment, or employ-
ment made, had, or exercised contrary to the pro-
visions of this act, and the making, signing, sealing,
countersigning, or issuingof any commission or letter
of authority for or in respect to any suck appoint-
mentor employment, shall be deemed, and are hereby
declared to be, high misdemeanors, and, upon trial
and conviction thereof, overy person guilty thereof
shall be punished by aline not exceeding $10,000, or
by imprisonment not exceeding five years, or both
eaid punishments, in the discretion of the court:
Provided, That the President shall have power to
make out and deliver, after the adjournment of the
Senate, commissions for all officers whose appoint-
ment shall have been advised and consented to by
the Senate."
The questions that first arise upon this sec-
tion are, first., whether any removal or appoint-
ment have yet been made, in point of fact?
And second, whether, if made in fact, such
removal and appointment were made "con-
trary to the provisions of this act?"
So far as anything contained in the record
before the House is concerned, or so far as
anything is known outside of that record, there
can be but one answer to the first inquiry. Mr.
Stanton has flatly refused to obey the order of
removal, or to recognize the Adjutant General
in the capacity of Secretary ad interim. On
the contrary, he has intrenched himself in the
War Office, and, notwithstanding the order of
the President, assumes at this moment to act
in the lawful discharge of all the duties, and
claims the title, honor, and emoluments of the
office of Secretary of War. So far, then, it is
clear that there has been neither an accom-
plished " removal, appointment, nor employ-
ment" within the terms of the act. There
has been no "removal,", for Mr. Stanton has
forcibly prevented it. There has been no
"appointment," for the order of the Presi-
dent did not "appoint" a Secretary of "War,
but only "authorized and empowered" a
named officer to act as such ad interim, that
is, until a Secretary of War should be appointed
by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate.
And there has been no " employment," so
far as any evidence now before the House is
concerned. The whole offense, therefore, is
narrowed down to the " making, signing, and
issuing of a letter of authority, for or in re-
spect-to such appointment or employment."
But this is not an offense, unless the removal,
appointment, or employment were '' contrary
to the provisions of the act." Those pro-
visions which relate to this particular case arc
all embraced in the first section :
" That every person holding any eivil office to which
he has been appointed by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, and every person who shall
hereafter be appointed to any such office, and shall
become duly qualified to act therein, is and shall be
entitled to hold such oilice until a successor shall have
been in like manner appointed and duly qualified,
except as herein otherwise provided: Provided, That
the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury, of War, of
the Navy, and of the-Interior, tho Postal aster (general,
and the Attorney General shall hold their offices re-
spectively for and during the term of tho President
by whom they may have been appointed and for one
month thereafter, suhjeet to removal by and with the
advice and consent of tho Senate."
Now, Mr. Speaker, is the case of Mr. Stan-
ton within the law at all? Was his removal,
assuming the removal to be accomplished, a
removal contrary to its provisions ? Slanil'estly
it was not by any rational construction of the
law itself. His case, with that of the other
Cabinet officers, is expressly excepted from the
general application of the statute, and is by the
proviso distinctly placed upon a separate foot-
ing. The tenure of his office is secured to him
'' during the term of the President by whom he
was appointed, and for one month thereafter,"
and during that period he is "subject to re-
moval (only) with the consent of the Senate."
Here, then, is a clear authority by manifest
implication from the letter of the act itself, to
remove him at any time after one month from
the expiration of the term of the President who
appointed him. If doubt had ever existed as
to the power of the President under the Con-
stitution to remove a Cabinet officer without
the consent of the Senate, that doubt is re-
moved by the proviso to the first section of
the tenure-of-office law, at least so far as the
present case is concerned. Itis notorious that
Mr. Stanton was never appointed by President
Johnson at all, but by his predecessor, whose
term of office expired with his brutal assassina-
tion in April, 1865. To interpret the language
of this proviso so as to bring Mr. Stanton's
case within it it is necessary to assume for fact
the absolute fiction that Mr. Stanton was 1
aetuallv appointed by President Johnson, or ■
else to'maintain the palpable absurdity that a |
dead man is holding a term of office. No such !
forced and violent construction even of an i
ordinary act of Congress or of a State Legisla- j
ture would be listened to in any court of justice i
in an action of trespass on the case, much less
in the interpretation of a highly penal statute j
in a criminal proceeding, hor a violation of ;
this law the penalties prescribed are of a char- .
acter hitherto unknown in this class of legisla- '
tive enactments. ' Not only removal from office !
and disqualification with the attendant dis- ;
grace, but the penitentiary for five years and a
fine of $10,000. The character of the act,
penal to the last extreme of severity, in dero- ;
gation of the common law, in derogation of !
personal liberty, and in derogation of the Con-
stitution as'will shortly be shown, demands the
strictest rule of construction.
I do not deem the question either doubtful
or debatable, but if authority were needed to
sustain this view it is furnished ia the con-
temporaneous exposition of theframers of the
bill. On the 18th February, 1867, Mr. Doo-
LtTTLE called the attention of the Senate to
the language of the proviso in the first section,
and remarked:
" By the terms of this law the Secretary of the In-
terior, tho Postmaster General, and the Attorney
General must remain during Mr. Johnson's term;
but the Secretary of State, the Secretary of War, and
the Secretary of the Navy, according to the terms of
this provision, may be removed by him to-morrow."
He then added that notwithstanding the
plain terms of the bill it had been said in the
debate upon the original bill, " by some friends
of the restriction of the President's power over
the Secretaries, that it was not to be tolerated
that tho present Chief Magistrate should have
the power to remove tho Secretary of War."
To which it was immediately replied by Senator
Sherman, of Ohio:
"That the Senate had no such purpose is shown by
its voto twice to make this exception. That,this
provision docs nof apply to the present case is shown
by the tact that its language is so framed as not to
apply to tho present President. The Senator shows
that himself, and ar?ues truly that it would not pre-
vent the presontPrcsidentfroin removing tho Secre-
tary of War, the Secretaiy of the Navy, and the
Secretary ofStatc. And iff supposed that either of
these front! omen was so wan tine' in manhood, in
honor, as to hold 1)13 place alter tho politest intima-
tion by tho President of tho United States that his
services were no longer needed, I certainly, as a
Senator, would consent to his removal at any time,
and so would we all."
No voice was raised in the Senate in oppo-
sition to this view, and under this undisputed
construction the bill was shortly after put upon
its final passage. 1 conclude, therefore, that
by the very terms of the act itself, assuming
for the moment its constitutionality, the Pres-
ident was empowered to remove Mr. Stanton
from office as Secretary of War. Sueh re-
moval, of course, created a vacancy. How
could that vacancy be lawfully filled?
It is not contended that the President may
absolutely appoint a Secretary for any Depart-
ment without the advice and conseDt of the
Senate; nor has such power been claimed or
exercised in the present case. The authority
conferred upon the Adjutant General was tem-
porary and qualified, and in pursuance of the
act of 13th February, 1795, section one—
" That in case of vacancy in the office of Secretary
of State, Secretary of tho Treasury, or of the Secre-
tary of tho Department of War, or of any other officer
of either of tho said Departments, whose appoint-
ment is not in the head thereof, whereby they can-
not perform the duties of their said respective offices,
it shall be lawful for the President of the United
States, in ease lie shall think it necessaiy, to author-
ize any person or persons, at his discretion, to per-
form the duties of tho said respective offices until a
successor bo appointed or such vacancy be filled:
Provided, That no one vacancy shall be supplied,
in manner aforesaid, for a longer term than six
months."
This law remains upon the statute-book in
full force and effect, unrepealed by the tenure-
of-office act or any other legislation. It ap-
plies to all cases of vacancy, however created,
and whether during the session or a recess of
the Senate. It is one of those laws which the
Constitution enjoins the President to "take
care" shall be "faithfully executed."
I have thus shown, Mr. Speaker, that, as-
suming for argument sake and for the sake of
nothing else, the validity of the so-called tenure-
of-office act, the President, was fully warranted
by ils express and undisputed provisions in
takingthe measures he ye.-terday adopted, "by
virtue of the power and authority vested ia him
by the Constitution and laws of the United
States," and that the Committee on Ueeon-
struction have failed to present to .this House
even the baldest prima facie case for an im-
peachment. „ . , L. ,
The Constitution of the Untted States pro-
vides that—
'' The trial of all crimes, in oases of impe&c&-
Bvent, shall be byiui*?.- —AH, U - -
