1746
THE CONGRESSIONAL" <SLOBE.
MarcK^r.
stitution were various. The lists were made out by
careless clerks and wero still more carelessly printed,
and every deviation from the real name of the voter,
however apparent, was adjudged good cause for
rejecting Ins vote. In some places the polls wero
kept open but part of the time required by election
orders; in others but one poll was opened.for a whole
county; and in four counties. Dale, Henry, Blount,
and Coffee, no election was held. The holding of.the
election at so few places kept thousands from voting,
because of their inability to reach the voting1 place,
separated from them by high waters, over which there
are no bridges. On the last day ot the election two
hundred men applied unsuccessfully to vote at a poll
in Dallas county, because they could not cross the
creek to vote in Autauga county, where they lived,
so high was the water. . . _
"Conecuh river, cutting Piko county in two, was
so high that it could not bo crosscd all the timo that
the election was held, and tUp oidcr lor the exten-
sion of the timo could not bo earned to the election
°^'CThe waters of Bt? Swamp, in Lowndes county,
were too deep to ford, and hundreds swam them, icy
as they were, to reach the ballot-box. One man was
drowned in the attempt. On the la&l day ot the elec-
tion, when many had given up the attempt to vote,
a ballot-box whs taken across theso waters and Jin -
other poll opened, but tlio sheriff of the county took
charge of tho ballot-boxes and allowed somebody to
steal thom. .
"AtTuskegoe, in Macon county, one ot tlio elec-
tion ofticers was repeatedly seen to put tickets voted
into his pocket instead ot' into the ballot-box; and
at Wetumpka.in Elinoro county,the boxwasopened
and tickets taken out.
"Yet with all this, with the military authority
playing into rebel hands, with tho otiieials appointed
to execute the reconstruction law seeking to thwart
its object, with proscription, starvation.^ intimida-
tion, and every possible terrorism, tho Union men of
Alabama have polled at least ciffhty thousand votes
in favor of reconstruction under tlio proposed con-
stitution against less than Uvo hundred votes against
it." \
Under these circumstances I believe it to be
our duty in Congress to act promptly and to
admit the representation of the State ot Ala-
bama into the Congress of the United States.
I move the reference of this joint resolution to
the Committee on the Judiciary, with the ex-
pression of the hope that prompt action will
be taken by the committee and by the Senate
upon it.
The prompt action of Congress will bring
(he Hepresentatives of loyal Alabama into
'hose Halls and put the government of that
btate into the care of men who will administer
it for law, order, liberty, and justice. Such
action will say to all men in the rebel States,
" Your wrongs shall bring you no power. Con-
gress will right the wrongs ot loyal men, and
vindicate their right to vote hcely, without
restraint or fear."
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF DUSIXE3S.
Mr. ANTHONY'. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
for printing the medical and surgical history
of the war.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope we shall
go on with the order of the day.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understood the order
of the day was postponed for half ati hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was
passed over informally. That was the disposi-
tion of it.
Mr. ANTHONY'. I do not wish to inter-
fere with the business of the Committee on
Appropriations 
Mr. MORRILL, oP Maine. I hope to be
able to get through with this bill in time to
give the Senator an opportunity to call up his
measure.
Mr. ANTHONY'. Allow me to state that
this report is hanging up by the eye-lids in the
printing office, and ought to be disposed of
one wav or the other.
Mr. GRIMES. That is the very reason why
I am in favor of letting the thing hang. This
printing, it is said, is to cost the Government
$500,000; and I think it is better to let it hang
there than to take it up.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is obvious
that that matter will lead to debate. "\Ve had
better go on with the appropriation bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. Well, I suppose I must
yield.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator withdraw his motion I
Mr. ANTHONY'. Yc?, sir; I may as well.
I shall !:e voted down if I do not.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC EXPENSES..;,,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of Saturday, being the bill (H.
R. No. 718) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending 30th June, 1869,
and for other purposes, is before the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole, the pending ques-
tion being on the amendment reported by the
Committee on Appropriations, in line eleven
of the bill, to strike out the word "Portugal."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to add
a word to what was said on Saturday by way
of explanation, and to state the precise posi-
tion of this question. The Senate was then
very thin, hardly enough present to "hang on
to the verge of the Government" anyway, and
we were left without a quorum. The commit-
tee deemed that it followed the provisions of
the law in making this amendment, and for
that reason disagreed to the proposition of the
House. Now, I will refer the Senate to the
statute which settles this question so far as the
committee are concerned. Of course it is open
to the revision of the Senate. On the 25th of
July, I860, in the bill entitled "An act making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses," &c., will be found this provision:
" No money shall bo paid to the present minister
resident at Portugal out of any fund whatever on
account of further services in his office."
The minister who then represented this coun-
try at Portugal is still the minister, and here
is an act of Congress providing that no money
shall be paid to him out of any fund for any
future services. I trust the Senate will see
that that is a justification on the part of the
committee of the Senate for disagreeing to the
proposition of the House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Road that again.
Mr. MOILRILL, of Maine. The particular
clause relied upon is this :  
" No money shall be paid to tho present minister
resident <it Portugal out of any fund whatever on
account of further advices hi his otlico."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That does not prevent
an appropriation being made for a minister
resident there.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, itdoesnot
prevent an appropriation for that mission; but
it seems to me that it might lead to a misap-
prehension of what was intended by Congress,
while that statute remains unrepealed and while
Congress knows that the same minister is com-
missioned to that court, to make an appropria-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDENL I desire to ask my col-
league whether the mission to Portugal is not
specially provided for as one of the missions
in the law regulating the diplomatic service?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It certainly is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well ;'that law
stands. It has never been repealed. There-
fore, the law requires that the appropriation
sliouh'. be made. Tho provision which- has
been read was simply that none of the money
appropriated should be paid over to a particu-
lar individual while minister there; but it does
not change the law in any way. As I under-
stand it the law remains ; it has not been
repealed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My colleague
will allow me to say that in the year when this
provision to which I have referred was made
he will find that the requirements of the law
to which he refers, and which he supposes to
be obligatory on the Committee on Appropria-
tions, did not seem to bind the committee of
which the honorable Senator was then chair-
man. They made no appropriation for this
mission, but declined to make it and passed
this provision ; and now I suggest whether the
same obligation does not reside on this com-
mittee that rested on the committee which
made the appropriations in 1866. That is all
I mean to say in explanation of the views of
the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will per-'
eeive that the object was accomplished _in pre-
venting Mr. Harvey receiving anything for
the year in the bill fur which that provision
wa3 made by not making the appropriation ?
but that provision was inserted to prevent-Jjia
receiving anything out of an appropriation
which had already been made. There is the
distinction. At the time that bill was passed
iln appropriation for Portugal existed in the
previous law; the year was not up, and that
provision was put in to prevent any payment',
to Mr. Harvey out of an existing appropriation:
Then, to make sure of the object in that year,
if it is so, the appropriation itself was left out.'
But it does not change, the Senator will allow
me to say, with all deference, the existing law
establishing a mission to Portugal. We can
make an appropriation if we please next year,,
and that provision would stand just as it isnow,
and no money could be paid so long as it re- "
mains unrepealed to Mr. Harvey. So I do
not think the committee was under any obliga-
tion arising from that provision.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The committee
found exactly this state of things r they found
that the Congress of the United States in 1866
passed a law by which this pariicular minister
was to receive no compensation for any ser-
vices in that department. Contemporaneous
with that act they found that the same Con-
gress refused to make any appropriation at all
for the year in advance, for the prospective
year of 1867-68. We were called upon to
make an appropriation for the year ending
June 30, 1869. We found in this law of Con-
gress that no money should be paid to.this
particular individual, and in addition to ihat
we found that, in harmony with that principle,
they made no appropriation for the years end-,
ing June 30, 1867, and June 80, 1868, for that
mission tit all. On that state of facts the com-
mittee felt bound to strike out the proposition;
That is all I mean to say, and I say that much
in justification of the action of the committee.
How the Senate will act on the subject lam
entirely indifferent. '
Mr. SUMNER. When this subject was
under discussion on Saturday I promised to
ascertain, if possible, from the Department of
State the precise condition of our legation at
Portugal. Since then I have seen the Secre-
tary of State, and, in reply to my inquiry, he
answers that at this moment Mr. Harvey is
minister of the United States at Portugal;
though, in point of fact, I believe he is here in
Washington; and the Secretary adds that,.so
far as he is concerned, Mr. Harvey will con-
tinue the minister of the United States at
Portugal. Those are the facts with regard to
the legation. I do not know how far they may
influence Senators on the question whether
this appropriation should be kept in the bill
or not. Under all the circumstances". I atd
disposed to follow the committee. It seems
to me that they have made no mistake in strik-
ing this out. .If at a later date, at another
period of this session, it should be deemed
advisable to send a minister to Portugal, it
would bo very easy, as was suggested the
other day, I think by the Senator from New
York, to make the proper appropriation in
some future bill—the legislative bill; indeed,
in any bill.
Mr. WILLEY. I desire to see if I under-
stand this proposition fairly. As I understand
it, the proposition is not, directly or indirectly,
to dispense with our legation at Lisbon.
I further understand that we have a standing
mission at Portugal, and that it is the dnty_ of
Congress regularly to make an appropriation
for that mission. If I am correct thus far in
my understanding of the state of this case, the
object of the amendment as proposed by the
committee simply is to deprive the present
minister at Lisbon of his compensation.
Now, sir, upon what ground is that proposi-
tion made? My recollection is, that some time
ago, while in the discharge of his duties, he
wrote a private letter. I do not know that
that letter does him anycredit. Ithinkitdoes
him discredit. But it was a private letter;
and I well remember how forcibly I was struck
when you yourself, sir, on this floor, during a
discussion of tho subject on a previous occa-
