362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
earliest convenience, the naae* and number of em-
ploy6s in their respective Departments, with the
amount of salary and dato of appointment in each
case, and theState and congressional district in which
they were appointed.
Mr. NEWCOMB demanded the previous
question.
Mr. BROOKS. How large a book wilt it
make?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The same J
information comes to us in the Blue Book, !•
except perhaps the place of residence of ap- !'
pointees.
Mr. NEWCOMB. It is generally understood, j
I believe, that there is great inequality in ap-
pointments in the several Departments here in
Washington, and the object of my resolution is
to furnish the House with exact information, so
each member may know.
It is suggested this information is in the Blue
Book. It is possible some of it may be there,
but few members see that book. I think the
resolution is a proper one, and demand the
previous question on its adoption.
Mr. JENCKES. I hope the gentleman will
allow me a moment. I will state for his inform-
ation that all he asks for is now in print,
called for by the last Congress, in reports from
the several Departments. It was printed and
referred to the Committee on Retrenchment,
and the document can be procured at the docu-
ment-room.
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
gentleman from Missouri press the resolution?
Mr. NEWCOMB. I do; and demand the
previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to lay the resolution on the table.
The question was pA, and no quorum voted.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. New-
comb and Jenckes were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 55, noes 48.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was laid on the table; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
kentucky contested election.
Mr. UPSON, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, submitted a report on the contested-
election case from the first congressional dis-
trict of Kentucky, accompanied by the follow-
ing resolutions:
ifenolved. That G. G. Sims is not entitled to a seat
in this House as a Representative from the first con-
gressional district in Kentucky.
llesolvcd. That the oath of office be now adminis-
tered to Lawrence S. Trimble, and that he be ad-
mitted to a seat in this House as a Representative
from the first congressional district in Kentucky.
Mr. UPSON. I will say, by the request of
the member of the committee from Missouri,
[Mr. McClurg,] that he wishes it announced
that he does not concur in the report. As the
contestant desires to be heard before the House
I will not press the resolutions to a vote at
this time, but I ask that the report be laid on
the table and printed, and I give notice that I
will call it up as soon as it is printed.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the House
proceed to the consideration of business on
the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
admiral thatcher.
The first business on the Speaker's table was
joint resolution (S. R. No. 7) authorizing Rear
Admiral H. K. Thatcher to accept a decoration
from the king of the Hawaiian islands; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. PIKE. I ask that the resolution be put
upon its passage. It may gratify the king of
the Sandwich islands.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. PIKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was pawed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
contracts for stationery.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was joint resolution (S. R. No. 75) limiting
contracts for stationery and other supplies in
the Executive Departments to one year; which
was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution provides that it shall
not be lawful in the present unsettled state of
prices for any of the Executive Departments to
make contracts for stationery or other supplies
for a longer term than one year from the time
the contract is made, and that whenever pro-
posals for supplies have been solicited the par-
ties responding to such solicitation shall be
duly notified of the time and place of opening !
the bids and be permitted to be present, either ,
in person or by attorney, and that a record of
each bid shall then and there be made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think it
very likely that that joint resolution ought to
be passed, but I would prefer to have it re-
ferred to some committee with the privilege to
report it back at any time. I move, if there '
be no objection, that it be referred to the
Committee on Appropriations with leave to
report it back at any time. I
There was no objection; and the motion
was entertained and agreed to. j'
henry greathousk and samuel kelly. |
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 108) for the relief of Henry Great-
house and Samuel Kelly; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads. j
jail in thk district of columbia.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
joint resolution (S. R. No. 80) in relation to
the erection of the jail in the District of Colum-
bia ; which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution authorizes and requires
the Secretary of the Interior to suspend for a
period of forty days from its passage all work
upon the jail to be erected in the District of
Columbia under the act of Congress approved
July 25, 1806, and the amendment thereto
approve^ March 2, 1807, and further directs the
Treasurer of the United States to withhold for
the same period the payment of any moneys
appropriated for the erection of the jail.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If there is no objection
I will ask that that joint resolution be now put
upon its passage. I do not suppose that any-
body in the House cares to hear any explana-
tion of this joint resolution.
Mrj BROOMALL. I would like to hear some
explanation of it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. All that can be said in
explanation of it is that it is alleged that there
has been some improper conduct on the part
of some officers—I do not call to mind their
name now—in regard to letting the contract
for building this proposed new jail. Itisalleged '
that it was not lairly done; that the contract
was not made in the interest of the Govern-
ment, but in the interest of the contractor, so
that instead of costing the sum of $200,000,
the amount originally appropriated, and to
which the cost was limited by act of Congress,
it will cost at least $400,000. In addition to
that, it is said that the site selected is a very
bad and obnoxious one. Consequently the
Senate have passed this joint resolution, in
which they ask the concurrence of this House.
I propose now to call the previous question.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a short time?
Mr. INGERSOLL. For a question.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. I want to say a few
words upon this joint resolution; not merely
to ask a question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Very well; I will yield
to the gentleman.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. A committee has
already been raised to inquire into the legality
of this contract. I understand there are a great
many workmen now engaged in getting oat
stone and other material under this contract,
who will be thrown out of employment should
this joint resolution become a law. The con-
tract has been made and signed by the Govern-
ment and the contractors. I suggest to the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Ingeusoi.l] whether
it would not be better to defer any action on
this joint resolution until after the committee
Mjhich has been appointed to investigate the
circumstances connected with this contract
have made their report. In the meantime let
the joint resolution be referred to the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It is feared that if no
action is taken by Congress in reference to the
suspension of this work all the contracts will
be entered into for all the materials which may
be required for building this jail; so that no
matter what report may be made by the com-
mittee who are now investigating the question
of fraud, so far as innocent parties are con-
cerned, the contractors, their rights will have
become vested. It is better that Congress
should suspend this work now, when but little
has been accomplished, and if there should be
any damages resulting from this suspension let
the Government respond to it. We had better
pay $25,000 now as damages than to pay
§200,000 for that which we do not want; espe-
cially when it is said that the site selected is a
very bad one, and that if the jail is built upon
the ground now selected, when the Capitol
grounds shall have been extended to the limits
now contemplated it will bring it within two
blocks of the jail, and you will not be able to
look from the east portico of the Capitol with-
out seeing the jail; and I know that would not
be a pleasant sight for the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. McCullough] or for any other
gentleman.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. Will the gentleman"
allow me a moment further ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Certainly.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. I understand that all
the contracts in regard to this jail have already
been let. I think this measure should be con-
sidered by the appropriate committee before it
is acted upon. In the course of a few days
this committee which has been raised to in-
vestigate the letting of this contract I presume
can make (t report. I think this joint resolu-
tion, in violation of the contract made with the
contractor, should not be passed until we have
some evidence that there has been fraud or
'that the contractor is not ready and willing to
perform his part of the contract. I therefore
nope that this joint resolution will be referred
to the proper committee, and be considered
by that committee before it is passed by this
House.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to make one
remark that I omitted to make when I was
up before. It is alleged that all contracts
whatever which may have been made have
been made in utter disregard of the law which
was passed authorizing the building of this
jail. Now, if that be true and the parties to
the contract knew that they were violating a
law of Congress no vested rights can have
been acquired under those contracts, and con-
sequently they have no right to complain if we
step in and stop the proceedings at this stage.
Now, I do not know whether anybody has
acted fraudulently or not; but it is enough for
me to know that it is so charged by responsi-
ble parties who have made affidavits of the
fact, which have been laid before the commit-
tee, and which, I may perhaps say without
doing injustice to anybody, make out a prima
facie case. There has been yet no hearing
of the other side ; but my own opinion is that,
in order to have a proper investigation and to
do justice to the Government as well ns all
parties concerned, this contract had better be
suspended.
I now call for the previous question.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I suppose I must, as a
matter of courtesy, yield to my colleague on
the committee, [Mr. Wood.]
