1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1747
sion, asked what business that letter had in the
Senate of the United States. The simple ob-
ject and dc-.ign of that letter, to use a homely
phrase, was to "honey-fuggle" Mr. Seward
an'd Mr. Johnson. It was designed for their
private eye ; and it seems to have had such an
effect in that quarter that those distinguished
gentlemen could not keep it to themselves.
To use another homely phrase, it "leaked
out;" and it got to the ear of the Senate of
the^ United States, and the Senate of the
United States, by a formal resolution, if I re-
member aright, made a demand that the Sec-
retary of State should furnish to us that private
letter containing some silly and idle reflections
upon the Senate of the United States. But
for this interposition on the part of the Senate
the letter would have long since been forgot-
ten; it would have passed into oblivion un-
noticed.
I desire now, at this point of the discussion,
to suggest whether it is consistent witli the
dignity of a body like the Senate of the United
States to make so much ado 'about a private
letter never designed to come to the ear of the
Senate, never designed to attract the attention
of the country, and which never would have
attracted the attention of the country but for
the dignity which the action of the Senate has
given to a matter, in my humble estimation,
utterly beneath its notice. There is no charge
against Mr. Harvey of malfeasance or misfeas-
ance in office. So far as I know or have heard
he has discharged the legitimate duties of his
office with efficiency and propriety ; but while
engaged in the discharge of his duties he saw
proper, in an idle moment, to write a foolish
letter, which got into the Senate of the United
States, and, it seems to me, has attracted a
good deal more attention and a good deal more
notice than it deserves, I think we had better
■ drop it and conform to the obligation of the
law as it now stands and make an appropria-
tion, as we have always done heretofore, for the
compensation of this mission ; and if the Sec-
retary of State and the present Administration
see proper to send back Mr. Harvey to the
discharge of his duties I think the Senate of
the United States can as well afford to allow
him to do so as to be giving him importance
and his .letter importance by so much discus-
sion and so much notice of it in this body.
That is my opinion about this matter, and there-
fore I shall feel constrained to vote against
the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. As a personal
friend of Mr. Harvey in years gone by 1 feel
bound to say that I think for this single act of
indiscretion he has been sufficiently punished.
There was another party who was more indis-
creet than Mr. Harvey. I think we ought to
decide this question as we would if it was an
original question. If Mr. Harvey were before
us now for confirmation would this single act
of indiscretion be sufficient for us to reject
him? I do not think it would. I understand
tliathe appeared before the Committee of Ap-
propriations in the House of Representatives,
and made such explanations as were entirely
satisfactory to that committee ; and if they are
satisfied to keep this mission up and to make
the appropriation I see no reason why we
should not do it.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to hear this
letter read. It would seem that the Senate
has taken action upon it before under similar
circumstances, and I should like to hear the
letter read again if it can be had conveniently.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
in the possession of the Senate, as I understand.
Mr. BUCKALEW. It was a letter indors-
ing the President's policy.
Mr. MORTON. I should liketohear itread.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not in
the possession of the Senate. It was read at
the time as a matter of explanation, but it
never passed on the records, I believe. The
question is on agreeing to the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on Appropriations.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line twelve on the list j
of ministers, to strike out the word ''Ecuador."
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will ask for the rea- I
son which induced this amendment before we
vote upon it. I think if either one of those j
South American missions should be struck
from the list it ought to be Bolivia. For my
part I am not prepared to vote for this amend- j
ment unless there be some reason, unknown
to me, to justify it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In reply to
the Senator, I will say that two facts led the
committee to this conclusion: In the first place,
there is no minister there; and in the second
place, there is no commerce with that country
and no occasion for any minister, which, 1 sup-
pose, accounts for the fact that there is no
minister there. I repeat there is no minister
there, and there is no commerce or demand
for a minister, and therefore no occasion for
an appropriation.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, this
mission I believe is vacant by the death of the
late incumbent, a gentleman from Ohio. If
the Senate shall think that at this time it is
unnecessary to (ill it, they need not proceed to
confirm a minister to that republic. I differ,
however, in opinion with the Senator from
Maine as to the necessity of our representation
at these republics of the South. Although
our commercial intercourse with the republic
of Ecuador is not very extensive, it is still of
respectable importance. The port of Guaya-
quil is one of the most important on the west
coast of South America; American citizens
reside at that point and are engaged inimportant
business; a gas company of American citizens
lights the city of Guayaquil; an association of
our citizens is engaged in navigating the Guayas
river, and conduct very much of the internal
commeice of that country between that city
and the western base of the Andes ; American
citizens have long been resident there as mer-
chants. All these are facts relating to that
port. In the interior of the country there has
been in recent years an importation to a lim-
ited extent of American machinery and of
American workmen; some were taken from
Paterson, New Jersey, a few years ago; man-
ufacturing enterprises arc beginning in the
interior, in the great Andean valley, conducted
by citizens from this country. Besides this,
our citizens have some intercourse with that
section of the earth in the way of visiting.
Photographers and persons engaged in various
miscellaneous employments find their way into
that republic, and some of them remain for a
considerable time.
Now, sir, as to all those republics one gen-
eral fact is clear, and that is, there is no ade-
quate protection for the rights of persons and
of property of our citizens without a mission.
Those countries are so made up, society is so
organized and has impressed upon it such a
character that a representation of this country
is indispensable to the protection of the rights
of our citizens who may reside there or sojourn
there. I might cite to the Senate a great many
facts which justify this statement.
Now, sir, the cost of this mission is very
insignificant. No secretary is allowed by the
State Department. The minister discharges
all the duties of his appointment without any
assistance; and, including the miscellaneous
or contingent outlays of the mission, the whole
amount does not exceed $8,000 per annum.
The mission to Ecuador is more important to
our citizens than that to Bolivia, which is
almost entirely shut off from the Pacific coast,
which has but one insignificant port, Cobija,
with which we have scarcely any intercourse.
The committee propose to leave that mission,
located in the center of South America, shut
off almost entirely from access to the ocean,
where we have no resident citizens, no com-
mercial intercourse, and to strike off this one.
It occurs to me that it is a misjudgment upon
their part; and for that reason 1 shall'vote
against their proposition.
Mr. President, there is one thing connected
with these missions in South America which,
perhaps, is not known to gentlemen, but which
is of interest to all persons from Europe and
from this country who visit those regions. The
constant occurrence of revolutions in those
Spanish American States, as I suggested be-
fore, renders property and all personal rignus
insecure. But the houses of the foreign min-
isters are cities of refuge in times of violence.
Those ministers perform there a function that
is interesting viewed in the light of humanity.
Many of the leading men ot those countries
year after year are obliged to flee to the houses
of the foreign ministers for temporary protec-
tion against the fury of some hostile faction.
The ministers are constantly called upon to
intercede and interpose their good offices in
behalf of persecuted men with tiie existing
irregular or violent governments which arc
there established. They do interpose con-
stantly. The representatives of Franco, of
Great Britain, and of the United States per-
form in all those countries a part which can be
performed by no native inhabitant—the part of
peace-maker, the part of protector to leading
men in those countries in their various revo-
lutions, whose lives or whose property or whoso
personal rights are put in danger. By their
good offices interposed in this way they are
most useful. I would keep up missions in some
of those countries if we had no large pecuniary
interest involved, because it becomes our dig-
nity and our position as the leading Republic
of the New World to be represented and to be
felt there constantly ; to exercise a proper in-
fluence, viewed botli from the political point
of view and from the point of humanity.
However all this may be, I object to strik-
ing out this Ecuador mission upon the ground
which I stated before, that wo have legitimate
interests there whicli will fully warrant the ex-
penditure. not merely of this small sum of
money, but of a very consideiable amount more.
We are to remember that all those countries
are republics fashioned after ours ; that we
have peculiar associations with them; and
that by the introduction of steam navigation
along the Pacific coast we may expect that
our intercourse with them will increase, and
increase very largely in future years. Wo are
building up great States upon the Pacific shore
of our own country, and I would give to our
people who go ont there to constitute those
great communities all the facilities possible l'or
opening up intercourse. South and North, as
well as with Asia. I think it is quite unbe-
coming the occasion, as well as quite unne-
cessary, that we should settle down upon this
potty amendment, for which there is no reason,
I suppose, except the fact that this mission is
vacant and possibly some gentlemen may not
desire to have it filled just at this time, if for
any existing reason, temporary in its charac-
ter, we do not choose to fill this mission, the
Senate can keep it open by refusing to confirm
an appointment; but do not let us strike out
the mission altogether from our legislation.
Mr. CONNESS. I agree entirely in all that
has been said by the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia. I desire, in addition, to say that, if there
was a proposition before the Senate to reorgan-
ize our diplomatic service by providing two or
three ministers for the Central and South Ameri-
can republics, stationed at such points as to
give the opportunity to make representation of
this nation in all those countries, I think I
would favor it and thereby save very much
public money. I am alittle astonished, indeed,
that such a scheme has not entered into the
comprehension of our committees. But while
we appoint ministers to every nation and to all
the other republics in the vicinity of Ecuador
it would be a reflection upon that country to
refuse to send one there. The honorable chair-
man has given us as a reason only that the com-
mittee found the place vacant; but it will be
remembered that there is now before the Senate
a nomination to fill that vacancy. That reason,
so far as it goes, would apply equally to the
mission at the Court of St. James at this time,
for it is vacant by the resignation of Mr. Adams.
However, there is a greater necessity undoubt-
