1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27t!
and penalties adde 1, and I think they amount
to about six hundred thousand dollars, $1,200,-
000 derived by transfer from other appropria-
tions, and yet they ask in these last months of
the fiscal year an appropriation of 51,800,000
ta pay deficiencies. When asked to explain
how this deficiency arose, they say that in 1806
the Government undertook to supply stationery,
which before had been purchased by the col-
lectors out of their own funds, and authorized
the employment of an additional number of
officers, but do not say what number, and that
Congress confided to the discretion of thehead
of the Department the adjusting of certain
salaries, the salaries of inspectors and the
higher class of clerks. The Department does
not tell us to what extent either of these changes
in the law increased the cost of collecting the
revenue; but it does happen that by reason of
these three items the expenditure for the last
year is three full millions more than it had
been up to 1866, almost one hundred per cent,
more than it was up to that date.
There is a suggestion from the Department
that the revenue service has been attended by
greater difficulties the past year and by greater
expenditures than formerly. What those diffi-
culties or expenditures are we are not told.
Why they should be any greater than they were
prior to 1866 we are not told, and I cannot
imagine ; but $3,600,000 a year covered the
whole expense up to 1866; and during the
present year they want, not only that sum, but
about six hundred thousand dollars arising
from fines and penalties, and $1,200,000 re-
ceived by way of transfer from other appro-
priations, anil now they ask a deficiency of
$1,800,000. If the Senate is content to vote
this additional appropriation, of course I can-
not have any more objection to it than any
other citizen ; but if such deficiencies are voted
without any explanation, there is not the slight-
est sense, it seems to me, in pretending to put
any lock on the Treasury. 1 do not see why
we might not just as well throw the doors wide
open and allow the head of that Department to
help himself, only exacting a promise from him
that be shall not take any more than heivants.
That is all the condition, it seems to me, it is
worth while to impose upon him. I do not
know that there has not been a necessity for
this expenditure. If there has been, it is not
explained. The Department has been called
on for the explanation, and I felt it to be my
duty to call the attention of the Senate to it,
and to move to strike out this appropriation.
Having done that I shall be content with the
action of the Senate.
Mr. MOllRILL, of Maine. I ought to say
a word or two in reply to the Senator from
Wisconsin, although 1 have not the information
to enable me to say precisely to the Senate
how this deficiency occurs. But one general
fact perhaps will arrest the attention of the
Senate ; and that is, that this deficiency does
exist; it is certified to exist by the Secretary
of the Treasury; and of course it must be met
in some way. Whether it is satisfactorily ac-
counted for to the Senate is another question.
Nobody questions, I believe, that there is that
amount of deficiency existing in this particular
branch of the public service. I agiee entirely
with the Senator from Wisconsin, that it does
not appear clearly to the committee, from
anything we had before us, precisely how
that deficiency occurred. In a general way it
is accounted for. It is said that wo are col-
lecting very much more revenue from this
source than formerly. That is one mode of
accounting for it. Another is that since the
war and the openingof the southern ports very
large additional expenses have been incurred
by the Department, which were not anticipated.
Then, through the provisions of recentrevenue
Jaws, very large additional duties have been im-
posed upon that branch of theserviee ; and that
out of these general facts arose the deficiency.
Of course the Committee on Appropriations
did not think it their duty to inquire into the
expenditure of the appropriations made for
this particular ^branch of the service. That is
not a duty which we understand to be devolved
on the Committtee on Appropriations. Hav-
ing ascertained that a deficiency does exist,-
and that this branch of the service is a legiti-
mate one, the duty of the Committee on Appro-
priations is discharged perhaps when it has
ascertained the amount necessary to cover that
deficiency.
But, sir, I have a communication addressed
to the committee, which in agenral way under-
takes to account for the deficiency, which I
will send to the Clerk, and ask to have read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The com-
munication will be read if there be no objec-
tion. The Chair hears none.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Xeeasdky Defaktiiext, May 29,1868.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your letter of this date, asking in behalf of the
Senate Committeo on Appropriations, au explana-
tion of the deficiency ot $1,800,00(1 existing m the
appropriation tor collecting the revenue from cus-
toms.
Previous to May 3, 186(5, there was a standing
annual appropriation ot $5,600,000—fixed by law in
1858, (11 Statutes, 337,.) at a time when tho receipts
from customs for five years had averaged but little
more than fifty-five million dollars annually-
amounting to about six and a lialf per cent, upon
the collections. All transactions being on a coin
basis; and the value of importations in 1358, $282,-
613,150.
The high tariff of the war both involved a direct
increase ot expenditure for collection, and by giving
an instant stimulus to illicit traffic, added to the
difficulty and expense ot protecting tho revenue.
For a while feouie degree of compensation was found
in the decrease of expenses at the South, but later
the heavy expense ol reopened ports enhanced by
high pi ices, and accompanied by a continued ad vance
in ail prices throughout theeountry necessitated the
enlargement of the appropriation, wliieh was accom-
plished to the extent of iOOO.OOO iter year 111 addition
to fines, penalties, &c., by tlie joint resolution of
May 3,1866, (l'l Statutes, 354.) In the preceding year
the collections had been ^84,928,200, (coin,) of winch
tho appropriation for expenses tliusmadewas a littlo
more than five per cent, currency,
Very soon after the date of this resolution a series
of laws were enacted adding largely to tho expenses
chargeable to the appropriation, namely, the acts of
27th (14 Statutes, 302) and 28th (14 Statutes, 308; July,
1866, increasing certain salaries, the fifth section (14
Statutes, 309) ot the act of tlie last-mentioned date
requiring stationery for custom-houses to be paid for
from theeustoms fund—an expense previously borne
from the emoluments of the collectors—the forty-
third section (14, Statutes, 188, eleventh line of sec-
tion) of the act of 18th July, 1866, authorizing the
employment of a greater number of employes at the
several ports, and the thirty-third (14 Statutes, 186)
section of the same act empowering the Department
to pay certain incidental expenses at custom-houses
previously borne by collectors.
These sources ot expenditure were, of course, for
the most part unexpected by the Department at the
time of recommending the sum fixed by the resolu-
tion of May, 1866. And it has naturally followed that
the appropriation lias proved insufficient cach year.
Tho Department, moreover, driven by necessity to
make more liberal provision for that class of em-
ployes whose compensation was discretionary with
the Secretary, and guided by tho views and action
of Congress m respect to the higher officers of the
same servicc, has found it necessary from time to
time to increase the pay ot inspectors and other
subordinate officers. The condition of prices, both
of necessaries and of labor, is too wellknown to need
that I should explain more fully tho grounds ot such
action.
The samo causes have steadily increased tho ex-
penses of the revenue-cutter service until they
amount at present to upwards ol thirteen hundred
thousand dollars. Of this charge it was la&t year
recommended that the custom* fund should be freed
by a distinct appropriation; but themeasuie, though
favorably viewed by the committees and passed by
one .House, failed in the other fiom want ot time.
The amount of deficiency chargeable to the other
particular heads it is impossible to state, the accounts
never having been kept with that view.
There have been similar deficiencies in previous
yeais, and there existed at the beginning of the cur-
rent year a deficiency of $300,000, wliiuh, of course, f
forms a part of the deficiency of tho year. A por-
tion of thedcliciency—$1,209,000—has been provided !
for by transfer from other appropriations, but the
Mini uf §1,800,000 remains, without which it will be j
impossible to meet the indispensable requirements i
of the service. ■ 1
I would call attention to the fact that under all !
disadvantages the expenses are muchless in propor-
tion to the collections than m 1858, as seen upon page 1
1 herein. <
Tlie coin value of imports was in 1S66 and 1867 an !
arniual average of £128,000,000, against *>282,000,000 in
1858, and for three years past the collections have
been an annual average of $172,000,000 coin, equiva-
lent to $240,000,000 currency at currentrates, of which
the expense of collection. (S7.SOO,000 less, $500,000 old
debt, namely, $7,300,000) is but a fraction over three
per cent, against six and a half per cent, in 13o8.
Permit me to say, in conclusion, tha t for two months
past tho Department has been unable to meet tho
expenditures of the service, either for salaries or
other items, and respectfully to urge the great im-
portance of early and favorable action upon the bill
now before the committee.
X am, sir, very respectfully,
hogh Mcculloch,
T ,r Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. L. M. Moreill,
Chairman Committee on Appropriations, Senate.
Mr. HOWE. I am reminded by the Senator
from Maine, tho chairman of the committee,
that I did not do quite justice to the Treasury
Department when I undertook to state the
reasons assigned for this deficiency. I did not
enumerate the whoie of them. The Secretary
in that letter, I remember now, does urge,
amongthosereasons, the fact that the southern
ports had been opened, and that the opening
of them had been attended, of course, with
considerable expense ; but I was of the impres-
sion that those southern ports were opened
some time previous to the commencement of
the present fiscal year. It should be borne in
mind that the Secretary is explaining what
has occasioned this enormous increase in the
expense of collecting the customs during the
present fiscal year, and he assigns the opening
of the southern ports as among those reasons.
The war closed in 1865, as I have been told;
those ports, I suppose, must have been opened
soon after that; and this fiscal year commenced
on (he 1st of July. 1867, more than two years
after the war closed. The war closed and the
southern ports were opened before this law of
1866 passed. The war closed and the southern
ports were open while the customs of the coun-
try were being collected at an expenditure of
$3,600,000. This year the Department uses
$7,300,000. I said almost one hundred per
cent. more. You seelverymuchunderstated it.
It is more than one hundred per cent, on the
expenditures of the years prior to May 3, 1866.
The Secretary urges the fact that larger sums
are collected now than was the case prior to the
war, or than was the case ordinarily during the
war. Mr. President, do you think the Secre-
tary of the Treasury meets the American Con-
gress fairly, or the American people fairly,
when he undertakes to argue that the expend-
itures of that branch of the service are in pro-
portion to the amount received? Is that a fair
argument to address to us? Is it an honest
argument to address to us? Why, sir, almost
the entire revenue of the country is collected
in half a dozen different ports—much the
largest portion of it is collected at one.
My friend from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
reminds me that we have a larger force. The
Secretary says we have a larger force: but he
knows just how much larger, and he knows
just how much that adds to the expense of the
service. But my friend from Vermont does not
mean to intimate that the force has been
doubled since May, 1800, nor that it has been
increased ten percent, since 1866. It'you have
added a given number of clerks to the staff of*
the custom-houses in New York, Boston, Phil-
adelphia, and San Francisco, you know what
their salaries are. I do not. The Secretary
knows, and he could have told us.
But not content with giving this little item
of specific information, which is at his hands
and not so readily at ours, he prefers to sub-
mit to us an argument that he is getting so
many millions more from the customs this year
than was ordinarily the case prior to 1866.
Kay, he goes further than that; he submits an:
argument in the paper which has just been
read at the desk, as if he were entitled to the
same percentage, not only on the coin col-
lected. but on the exchange of that coin into
currency. Ho submits an argument here as
if it cost him the same percentage to collect
$100,0(10,000 in New York that it ought to cost
to collect §50,000,000, and then if it costs the
same percentage you are to change that into
currency, as if he ought to have, to meet the
expenses of the customs department, the same
commission for the difference between tho value
of that coin and its value in currency. And
that comes from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury ; that comes from the financial minister of
the United States ; and it is upon his simple
