1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
863
Mr. WOOD. I desire to ask the gentleman '|
why there is any necessity for im mediate action !
upon this question before it has been duly
considered by the appropriate committee of
this House. By the gentleman's own state-
ment it appears that there is something in this
matter that we do not understand. _ The bill
has never been referred to a committee. It
has not been considered by the Committee for
the District of Columbia. I think that com-
mittee should examine into the truth of the
allegations which have been made before the
House takes action upon the subject. I ask
the gentleman whether he will not consent to
have the bill go to the committee of which he
is the chairman. If it is all right the com-
mittee will report upon it favorably, and then
we can act upon it understandingly.
Mr. INGERSOLL. In ordinary cases I
would have no objection to referring a bill of
this character to a committee for investigation.
But it seems to me that the object sought to be
attained by the gentleman last on the floor will
most certainly and speedily be accomplished
by the suspension of the contract entered into
under the law passed at a former session,
because we shall immediately investigate the
charges of fraud or bad faith in the making of
their contract. But if the investigation be car-
ried on without a previous suspension of the
contract we know not how many new contracts
may be made with parties who may be innocent
parties contracting, as the gentleman from
Marvland [Mr. McCrrxour;nJ has suggested,
for furnishing materials. We want to prevent
any further proceedings of this kind till we have
investigated the facts.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. Will the gentleman
allow me.one word further?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yes, sir.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. As I understand, the |
Secretary of the Interior says that no contract 1
has been made except strictly in accordance
with the law: that the contract for building
the jail was let to a man whom he did not
know, and not to the person whom he would
have preferred to have the contract. The
man who obtained the contract was the lowest
bidder; and it was for this reason that the Sec-
retary of the Interior made the contract with
him. Now, when this man contracted with
the Government to build this jail, and is prose-
cuting the work under the contract, I submit
to the chairman of the committee [Mr. In-
gersoll] whether we shall be acting equi-
tably or justly if we suspend the contract,
throwing the workmen out of employment at
this season of the year, and perhaps ultimately ,
ruining the contractor; and this, too, without a
particle of evidence before the House that
there has been any violation of the law in the
letting of the contract or in carrying it out. i
Mr. UPSON.* Can the gentleman tell us
what that contract will amount to when the
work is completed ?
Mr. McCULLOUGH. No, sir.
Mr. UPSON. Can anyone?
Mr. McCULLOUGH. The lack of inform-
ation in regard to the matter is the veiy reason
why the bill ought to go to the committee. If
the contractor violates the law or fails to exe-
cute faithfully the contract the Government
can protect itself. If the contract has been
made in violation of law, then 1 presume it is
a nullity and the contractor cannot recover his
pay under it.
Mr. UPSON. How could the gentleman tell
he was the lowest bidder without knowing how
much it is to amount to ?
Mr. McCULLOUGH. The gentleman says
$400,000. We do not know about that. Let
it go to the committee and let that fact be in-
quired into. I make that motion.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would rather take the
vote first on my proposition on the passage of
the resolution. I cannot yield for the motion
to refer. If the House does not wish to pass
the resolution it can vote it down.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. If the previous ques-
tion be voted down I give notice I will move to
refer the resolution.
Mr. INGERSOLL demanded the previous
question.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
58, noes 2(5 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Ingersoll,
and Mr. McCi'LLOuan were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 06, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be j
put. _ !
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read a third
time.
Mr. McCULLOUGH demanded the yeas and
nays on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 81, not voting
71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnell,Baker, Baldwin, Batiks, Bea-
man, Benjamin,Benton, Bingham, Blaine, Broomall,
liuckland, Butler, Gary .Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn,
Cullom, Dawes, Dodge, Donnelly. Driggs, Ela, Ferriss,
Garfield,Gravely, Karelins, Hawkins, Higby, Hooper,
Hopkins, A? ah el W. Hubbard, Chester 1). Hubbard,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Judd, Julian, Kelley, ICelscy,
Keteham, Kitchen, ICoontz, Laflin, William Law-
rence, Loan. Logan, Loughridge, Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, McClurg, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Morrell,
Myers, Newcoiub, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Pcrham,
Peters, Plants. Polsley, Price, Raum, Ross, Scbenck,
Scofield, Shank.«, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens,
Stokes,Taylor,Thomas, Trimble, Trowbridge, Twich-
ell, Upson, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, Van
Wyck, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu 13. Wash-
burne. Henry D. Washburn, James F. Wilson, and
John T. Wilson—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, B,pck. Brooks, Burr.Chan-
ler, Eldridge, Getz, GIossbteiMier, Grover, Haigbt,
Hotehkiss. Jenckes, Johnson, Kerr. Knott, McCor-
mick, McCullough, Moorhead, Morrissey, Mungen,
Nicholson, Poland, Pruyn, Sitgreaves, Spalding,
Stone, Taber, Van Trump, StephenF. Wilson, Wood,
and Woodward—31.
NOT VOTING—Messrs., Adams, Allison, Ames,
i Anderson, Delos R.Ashley, JamcsM. Ashley, Axtell,
Bailey, Barnes, Barnutn. Blair, Boutwell, Boyer,
Bromwell, Cake, Churchill, Header W. Clarke,Cook,
Cornell, (ovode, Dixon, Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot,
Farnswortb, Ferry, Fields, Finney, Fox, Golladay,
Griswold, Halsey. Hill, Holman, Richard D. Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Jones, George V. Law-
rence, Lincoln, Lynch. Mallory, Marshall, Marvin,
Morgan, Mullins, Niblack, Nuun, Phelps, Pike, Pile,
Pomeroy, Randall, Robertson, Robinson, Sawyer,
Selye, Shollabar<;er, Smith, Thaddens Stevens, Stew-
art, Taffe, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welkcr, Thomas Williams, Wil-
liam Williams, Windom, and Woodbridge—71.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
regents of tub smithsonian institution.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution on
the part of the House for the present Con-
gress : Mr. Garfield of Ohio, Mr. Poi-and
of Vermont, and Mr. Pruyn of New York.
tennessee contested-election case.
The SPEAKER laid before the House fur-
ther testimony in the Tennessee contested-
election case of Powell vs„ Butler ; which was
referred to the Committee of Elections.
milliken's case..
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War
ad interim, transmitting the report of Major
General George H. Thomas in the case of one
Milliken, a returned rebel, arrested for viola-
tion of his parole, &c.; which, on motion of
Mr. Arnell, was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
destitution of sioux indians.
The SPEAKER also laid before the Hotise
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting a report of the acting
Commissioner of Indian Affairs relative to the
freat destitution of the Sioux Indians at
)evil's lake, Dakota; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
deputy collectors of revenue, etc.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting a report containing the
names of deputy collectors and assistant assess-
ors who have performed the duties of col-
lectors, the amount of compensation received,
&e.; which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
robekt uuffum.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a cottimnnieation from the Secretary of War
ad interim, transmitting a letter of Robert
Buffum, late of the twenty-first- Ohio volun-
teers, who volunteered to perform very haz-
ardous service during the war; which was
referred"to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
1 chattanooga rolling mill property.
! The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War
ad interim, transmitting the draft of a joint
resolution for the sale of the Chattanooga Roll-
ing Mill property at Chattanooga, Tennessee;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Aflairs, and ordered to be printed.
pacific railroad.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War
ad interim, transmitting a report from the chief
of engineers relating to a bill for the relief
of the Terminal Central Pacific Railroad Com-
pany; which, on motion of Mr. Julian, was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
southern railroads.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War
ad interim, transmitting the report of the offi-
| cer of the quartermaster's department having
j the same in charge of certain information rel-
ative to southern railroads; which was referred
to the select Committee on Southern Railroads,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCHENCK. Have we disposed of all
| the business on the Speaker's table?
i The SPEAKER. There are two bills re-
maining. '
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope they will be dis-
posed of.
regents of the smithsonian institdtion.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was joint resolution (S. II. No. 83) for the
I appointment of Regents of the Smithsonian
Institution ; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask that that resolution
be acted on now.
; The Clerk read the joint resolution, which
provides that the vacancies in the Board of
! Regents of the Smithsonian Institution of the
class other than members of Congress be filled
by the appointment of Theodore D. Woolsey,
of Connecticut; William B. Astor, of New
York; John McLean, of New Jersey, and
Peter Parker, of the city of Washington.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move the previous
question on the joint resolution.
The previouyjuestion was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. ,
william siiunk.
The last business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 4) for the relief of William
Shunk; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on tho
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the several votes by which the various
bills and joint resolutions taken from the
Speaker's table were referred; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
