1-8C8.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
24?
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. Barnes,
Iio. op Rbi s.
not interpose as an umpire of its own mere
motion. It can only exercise its judical power
wheu a "case" is brought before it involving
the question at issue.
Such a case must have parties as well as a
subject-matter, and one of those parties must
be the actor and the other the defendant. It
was to make those parties and that case that
the action was taken whichj and which alone,
forms the basis of the proposed impeachment.
In no other conceivable mode could the ar-
bitrament of the judiciary have been invoked
upon this grave question of controverted power
between two coordinate departments of the
(government, involving in its issues no less than
he very existence of one of them and the pres-
ervation of the Government itself.
Sir, what, let me ask, is after all the real
character and object of this proceeding? The
alleged technical violation of the tenure-of-
office law is the pretext. The pretext is both
frivolous and false. The causafor the attempted
removal of the President, elected by the peo-
ple, in the interest of a successor who has been
i cpudiateci by the people, is manifest from the
instory of tlie impeachment movement from
its inception in the Wade and Davis manifesto
to the present hour. It is nothing more nor
less than the adoption and practice of a policy
of administration which is supported by one
and opposed by the other of the great political
parties into which the people of this country are
mainly divided. This is the case of a political
(prosecution for political offenses and for a par-
tisan purpose. The object is, in reality, not to
punish a criminal but to remove an obstacle.
The design is not to vindicate justice but to
grasp power.
Any party which embarks itself upon the
experiment of a political prosecution as a
means of getting rid of an obnoxious oppo-
nent mistakes the character of the American
people. A political martyr in this country is
a. dangerous foe. The Senate of the United
States made Martin Van Buren President by
rejecting his nomination as a foreign minister.
The same Senate endeavored to extinguish
Andrew Jackson by a vote of censure. You
•know the result.
English history is crowded with such lessons.
Soi-:e of them are quaintly summed up in the
famous speech of Lord Carnarvon on the im-
peachment of the Earl of Danby. Carnarvon
eaid:
" My ior<H I understand but little of Latin, but a
good deal of English, and not a little of English his-
tory, from which I have loarned the mischiefs of such
Mild of prosecutions as these, and the ill-fate of the
prosecutors. I could bring many instances, and those
•ancient.; but, my lords, I shall go no further than the
latter end of Queen Elizabeth's reign, at which time
the Earl of Essex was run do wn by Sir Walter Ral eigh.
•My Lord Bacon he ran down Sir Walter Raleigh,
and your lordships know w4iat became of my Lord
Bacon. The Bulte of Buckingham he ran down my
Lord Bacon, and yourlordsKpsknowwhathappcned
to the Duke of Bu<'k-.ng.;..La. Sir Thomas Wentworth,
afterward K-:n -,u Strafford, ran down the T)nl;n of
.Buckingham, and you all know what became of him.
Sir li:u'''y Yanc, he ran down t ho Earl of Strafford, and
> our ioi dships know what becamc of Sir llarry Van e.
■Chancellor Hyde Lord Clarendon ran down Sir
Harry Vane, and your lordships know what became
of the Chancellor. Sir Thomas Osborne, now Earl of
Danby, ran down Chancellor Hyde, but what will
come of the Earl of Banby your lordships best nan
tell. But let me see that man that dare run the Earl
«f Danby down and we shall soon see what will be-
come of liim."
A great deal has been said about the usurp-
ations of Andrew Johnson, and the danger of
his becoming a tyrant. This is the old story
of the wolf, the muddy water, and the lamb.
It is the detected pic'kpoeket crying " stop
thief 1" Under the arrangement of powers in
the Federal Constitution, the Executive is so
limited that danger to oar liberties can never
arise from that quarter unless the President
should accomplish his -designs in the name and
as the tool of Congress. But no Executive
who is not the mere creature of a factious
Congress, no Executive who is watched and
thwarted by a hostile Congress, no matter
how ambitious of aggrandizement, can possi-
bly encroach either upon the lawful domain of
the legislative branch, or upon the liberties «f
the people. Congress has the President under
constant control through their command of the
sources and resources of his power. Lying,
as it does, between each of the other depart-
ments and the people themselves, Congress
has its powerful hand at all times upon the
lever which can put in motion or bring to a
dead, stand the whole machinery of adminis-
tration. The sages, whose authority we are
accustomed to invoke, all admonish us that
if the liberties of this people are ever lost, if
the experiment of self-government upon this
continent is destined to fail, it will be through
the usurpations of a partisan Congress, coun-
tenanced by the very people they enslave.
_ Story, in his Commentaries on the Constitu-
tion, has written, as if in anticipation of the
existing emergency:
"It lias been remarked with equal foroe and saga-
city that tho legislative power is everywhere extend-
ing the sphere of its activity aud diawing all power
into its impetuous vortex." * * * *
"There are many reasons which maybe assigned
for the engrossing influence of tho legislative depart-
ment. In thefirst placc its constitutional powers arc
more extensive and less capable of being brought
within precise limits than thoseof either of the other
departments. The bounds of tho executive author-
ity are easily marked out and defined. It cannot
transcend them without being brought in contact
with tho other departments. Laws may check and
restrain and bound its exorcise. The same remarks
apply with still greater force to tho judiciary. The
jurisdiction is or may be bounded to a few objects or
persons; or, however general and unlimited, its ope-
rations arc necessarily confined to tho mere adminis-
tration of piivate and public justice. It cannot
punishwithout law. It cannot create controversies
to act upon. It can decido only ujon lights and
cases as they are brought by others before it. It can
do nothing for itself. It must do everything for
others. It must obey tho laws, and if it corruptly
administer them it is subjected to tho power of
impeachment.
" On the other hand, the legislative power, except
in the few eases of constitutional prohibition, is un-
limited. It is forever varying its moans and its ends.
Itgovcrns the institutionsand laws aud public policy
of the country. It regulates all its vast interests.
It disposes of all its property. Look but at tho cx-
ereise of two or three branches of its ordinarypowers.
It levies all taxes, it directs and appropriates all
supplies, it gives the rules for tho descent, distribu-
tion, and devises of all property held by individuals,
it changes at its will the whole fabric of the laws.
It molds at its pleasuro almost all the institutions
which give strength and comfort and dignity to so-
ciety. In tho next place it is the direct, visible rep-
resentative of the will of the people in a!! the changes
of times and circumstances. It has the piide as well
as tho power of numbers. It is easily moved and
Steadily moved by tho strong impulses of popular
feeling and popular odium. It obeys without re-
luctance the wishes and the will of the majority for
the time being. The path to public favor lies open
by such obedience, and it finds not only support but
impunity in whatever measures the majority advises,
even though tlieytranscendtheconstitu'tionallimits.
"It has no motive, therefore, to be jealous or scru-
pulous iu its own use of power, and it finds its ambi-
tion stimulated and its arm strengthened by tho
countenance and courage of numbers.
"These views are not alone those of men who look
with apprehension upon the fate of republics, but
they aro also freely admitted by some of the strongest
advoeaf es for popular rights, and tho permanency of
republican institutions. Our domestic history fur-
nishes abundant examples to verify these sugges-
tions."
Stripped of all disguise, the real, and indeed
only cause for the attempted removal of the
constitutional obstruction, is to be found ill the
conflict between the executive and congres-
sionalpoliciesof reconstruction. Briefly stated,
the issue is whether white men or negroes shall
control ten States, and through them the na-
tion. Whether the deranged balance of the
Government shall be restored to harmony by
the restoration of all its constitutional mem-
bers, or whether a paity monopoly shall suc-
ceed in maintaining a permanent two-thirds
control of both Houses of Congress, drawing
after it an absorption of the executive and judi-
cial powers of the Government, and a practical
consolidation of all these departments in the
legislative branch. No better definition of
a perfect despotism, has ever been givea by
the experience of ages and the uniform testi-
mony of all recognized authorities than the
junction of legislative, executive, and judicial
power in one aud the same man or body of
men. Montesquieu, Blacksbotre, Washington,
Hamilton, Madison, Story, Webster, Kendall
agree that whatever may be the nominal-form
of government under which, this concentration "is
effected, whether arepublic, an aristocracy s or a
limited monarchy, no matter whether by a single
ruler or by a multitude, from the moment the
junction of power is practically • accomplished
there isan end of public liberty. Cruelly as man-
kind has suffered from the selfish ambition of
solitary usurpers no more odious of fatal despot-
isms have cursed the race than thoseof insolent
andirresponsiblepluralities. TheDecemvirsof
Home; the thirty tyrants of Athens, with; their
impeachment and judicial murder of Socrates ;
the rump Parliament of England ; the Jacobin
revolutionary convention of France, with its
guillotines and its San Domingo, each had its
carnival of brutal tyranny, aud each relapsed
into the milder despotism of a monarchical or
imperial sovereign. This is not the place nor
the occasion for bluster and bravado. If the
American people, besotted with party rage,
have lost the spirit and forgotten the example
of their sires; if the fatal proceeding inaugu-
rated on this, the birthday of Washington, is
to be carried to consummation with, the ap-
proval of a majority of the people, then, and
not till then, we have an accomplished rev-oju-
tion, a successful rebellion against the Consti-
tution of our country, and triumphant treason
to the cause of republican liberty throughout
the world.
Impeachment.
SPEECH OF HON. DEMAS BARNES,
OP NEW YORK,
Ix the House of Representatives,
February 24, 1868,
On the resolution reported from tho Committee on
Reconstruction fotihe impeachment of the Presi-
dent.
Mr. BARNES. Mr. Speaker, I rise upon
this solemn occasion overpowered by the re-
sponsibilities of the hour. But a few days are
wanting to complete a year since the assem-
bling of the Fortieth Congress—the most re-
markable for what it has done and for what it
has failed to do of any Congress since the es-
tablishment of the Government. And now,
when this most important measure of any
which has ever been considered by an Amer-
ican Congress is forced upon us—introduced
at two o'clock on Saturday, to be completed
at five o'clock on Monday—we are denied the
poor privilege of entering our protest against
its adoption. When messages and appeals
are reaching us hourly to avert this act, which
may precipitate us into anarchy and revolution,
more than half the members of the House
are unable to say one word. During the dif-
ferent sessions of this Congress I have been
content to listen to debate upon merely polit-
ical questions. I have been well content to
give way to others who, by experience, and
wisdom, are better entitled to the attention of
theHouse ; but when such measures are brought
forward as are this day thrust upon us I feel
it to bo my duty, to be the duty of every man.
to raise his voice, however feeble, iu behalf of
the Constitution, iu behalf of justice, iu behalf
of order, and in behalf of the institutions of
our country.
; THE EXECUTIVE AND THE CABINET.
I The engrossing of the functions of the exe-
I cutive department of this Governmcntby the
' legislative, the impeachment and overthrow
of the President, the "conspiracy of members
and of Senators with military commanders to
defy and entrap the President, involves too
much that is dear to us, takes too deepa hold
of the fundamental principles of our Govern-
ment, and interferes with too many vested
rights, to be thus summanly, flippantly, and
lightly disposed of.
