1748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9<
edly for a minister there, and the reason would
notapply with equal force. It is not, as 1 think,
a sufficient reason. I hope that our commit-
tees will at some time enter into a reorganiza-
tion of that part of our foreign service, not
only as to this continent, but as to the other.
I, for one, would be ready to join them in a
measure of reformation and change for the
benefit of the public Treasury and without any
injury, as I think, to the interests of the nation;
but at the present time I think it would be a
wrong and improper thing to strike out this
mission.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am inclined
to think it will turn out that the committee has
made a mistake in its efforts to undertake to
reform or to curtail the expenses in any par-
ticular whatever. I have not been able to dis-
cover any particular place, whether the service
was performed or not, where it was thought
advisable by gentlemen to allow the appropri-
ations to be reduced. My honorable friend from
California lias suggested what I think will be
eminently fit; but we are not sufficiently posted
to do that now. It must be known, too, that
these South American and Central American
missions are merely nominal. Here are mis-
sions to Bolivia, Costa liica, Ecuador, Nica-
ragua, Paraguay, and Peru. They are all nom-
inal. They really amount to nothing in any
any other sense than that general sense re-
ferred to by the Senator from Pennsylvania.
They put us in good relations with those coun-
tries ; that is all. There are very little, if any,
duties to be performed there, and so far as we
are concerned they are merely nominal. An-
ticipating a very strong desire in the country,
and, as the committee supposed, in Congress,
to retrench and reform where it was practica-
ble, and finding a place open here where there
was no service and nobody to perform the ser-
vice, and where the duty at best was simply
nominal, the committee thought for the. pres-
ent they might be excused, perhaps, for not
recommending ail appropriation where there
was no service. If somebody shall be sent
there at some future time, very well; then the
appropriation can be made.
Mr. CONFESS. Do you propose to send
a inan there and pay him nothing?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Whenever lie
shall be sent then will be the time to make the
appropriation. These were the reasons which
induced the committee to move this amend-
ment. _ I agree with the Senator from Penn-
sylvania—it is not a very great affair any way ;
but if we are to retrench and reform the public
service wc must seize hold upon such small
matters as lie within our reach.
Mr. CONNESS. I think the Committee on
Appropriations, in connection with the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, without a great deal of
labor, might have reformed this branch of the
public service in Central America and South
America. They might have easily provided that
one minister should do all the business that we
have with theCentralAmerican republicslying
north of the Isthmus of Darien ; and two, or at
most three, for those lying on the Pacific slope
south of that Isthmus, perhaps one at Chili
and one at Peru and one at Colombia, and
one on the Southern Atlantic coast, perhaps
at Brazil, who might represent us at the neigh-
boring republic and also at Paraguay. It ap-
pears to me' that that would be the measure
of retrenchment that could do the public ser-
vice no harm and would save a vast amount of
money. But, sir, this pecking at a single
place while a citizen is before us for appoint-
ment to that place is simply putting off the day
of a reformation which is worthy of our atten-
tion. I hope that this amendment will not be
made; and I desire to assure the honorable
chairman of the committee that my disposition
in the premises is really to reform and not to
expend unnecessarily the public money.
Mr. WILSON. We have had petitions pre-
sented here this morning demanding the reduc-
tion of the Army, the calling home of our
squadrons abroad, the reduction of the civil
servia^ and, in a word, to bring the expenses
of the Government to the lowest possible point.
The other day the Committee on Appropria-
tions, finding that there was no representative
of this country to Ecuador, proposed to strike
out that mission from the list and not make
any appropriation for it. In the early part of
the session a bill was introduced into the Senate
providing that the minister to Peru should also
be accredited to Ecuador and Bolivia, and thus
save the salaries appropriated for ministers to
those countries, and also to have one minister
to Central America instead of five, and to re-
duce the expenses of our diplomatic service
generally. That bill is now upon the table; it
has not been referred for the reason that I
understood when I introduced it, or was told
immediately after, that the Committee on Re-
trenchment had that matter under considera-
tion, and that the Senator from New Hampshire
upon that committee [Mr. Patterson] was
preparing a bill to reorganize the diplomatic
service of the United States and to reduce its
cost. Knowing that that bill was in prepara-
tion and believing that it ought to pass, that
the expenses ought to be reduced, and, further,
that the expenses of the State Department
ought to be reduced at least half from what they
now are, being the most extravagant of any part
of the Government according to the services
rendered, the Committee on Appropriations
thought we should make no appropriation for
a minister to Ecuador, as the mission was not
now filled. The committee supposed that in
all human probability we should provide before
the conclusion of the session that there should
be no representative there, or that'the minister
to Peru should be assigned to this work, and it
is now proposed that this country shall be
omitted from the list.
If we are in earnest, if it is our purpose to
reduce the expenses of this Government, we
ought to begin wherever a case arises. The
great difficulty is to find a beginning. I think
here is a good place. We had better save
§7,500 by making no appropriation for it; and
I trust that before the conclusion of the session
this mission will be classed with the mission to
Peru, as it should bo, as it might be, and save
expense to the Government of the United
States.
I trust, further, that the five missions to Cen-
tral America, which are of very little account
any way, will be assigned to one minister; an
able man, with a good salary, who can perform
that duty just as well as the five men we send
there and a great deal better, for some of the
men we have sent there and who are now there,
for the credit of this Government, ought to be
called home at the earliest possible moment.
Mr. BUCICALEW. Mr. President, I forgot
one point when I argued the question before;
and that is one of some importance. The late
minister, Mr. Iiassaurek, negotiated with the
Government of Ecuador a treaty for the pay-
ment of a considerable amount of claims due
to citizens of this country, and a representa-
tion of our Government there would be not
only expedient but absolutely indispensable
to secure the payment of the amount which
has been agreed upon. I know very well that
in all those countries where; we have claims the
interposition of a minister is necessary to real-
ize anything, because there are various foreign
creditors, creditors in Europe as well as in this
country, who are constant and vigilant in pur-
suing their demands. It is so particularly in
the case of Peru, as the Senate well know, in
connection with the various negotiations which
have occurred in relation to revenue from the
guano islands ; and so in this republic. If
you do not keep up a minister there you will
have to send some special commissioner and
pay the expenses of his expedition before you
will realize anything from those claims which
it is the duty of the Government to prosecute,
and that will cost you three or four times the
whole amount of the annual appropriation.
N'ow, sir, the Senator from Massachusetts is
inaccurate in his applieation of his idea of
reform. He thinks that a very large sum
might be saved by uniting the missions to
Peru, to Bolivia, and to Ecuador. It is very
true, you might unite the two former; you
might authorize the minister at Lima to serve
as occasion required at La Paz, or wherever
may be the capital of Bolivia. They are chang-
ing it occasionally; but under our law he
would be allowed half an additional salary for
attending to that additional duty, and the
whole amount that would be saved, from that
would be about three thousand seven hundred
and fifty dollars. However, sir, I would not
object to that. Bolivia was formerly a portion
of Peru ; it was called Upper Peru. It might
be served from,Lima ; but from the nature of
South America, from the geographical con-
struction of the continent, it is hardly possible
that a minister at Peru could serve to Ecuador.
If he did serve there, what would be the re-
sult? In the first place, he would get half the
salary of the minister to Ecuador, in addition
to his salary as minister to Peru. Then he
would be allowed, if he went only once a year
to the city of Quito over a line, first of coast,
then of river, and then of mountain travel,
the expenses of his journey; and that would
cost you twice over the other half of the salary.
Why, sir, it would be perfectly absurd to make
such an arrangement.
I say, then, sir, that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, although his principles are very good
for economy, and he will always find me sup-
porting them, applies them very badly in this
case. He is suggesting an arrangement which
will actually cost us a good deal more money
than that which we pay under the existing
arrangement.
It has been my experience, not only in the
Senate but elsewhere, to notice that a great
deal more is said about reform upon very small
points than is said about reform upon large
and important points. The striking out of
this mission, upon the grounds which I have "
stated, is not a measure of reform ; it will not
save us a dollar of money. If you authorize
the minister to Peru to attend to the matters
we have to transact with the republic of Ecua-
dor, and he goes there, the saving of half the
annual salary will be more than counterbal-
anced by the allowance of traveling expenses.
We may unite the Bolivian mission with that
to Peru, as I said before, and that is the only
reform you can make
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I desire to
say that this proposition from the Committee
on Appropriations comes directly from that
committee ; it has never passed underthe con-
sideration of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. The Committee on Appropriations in
making the recommendation they have have
unquestionably consulted economy. Whether
at the same time they have sufficiently taken
into consideration other interests of the Gov-
ernment I am not prepared to say. Unques-
tionably at this moment our relations with
Ecuador are not of a very important character.
As the Senator from Pennsylvania has told us,
a treaty some time ago was concluded for the
payment of certain claims, and the commis-
sion under that treaty has already sat and made
its award. I am not aware, however, that the
money has yet been touched ; it is possible,
therefore, as the Senator from Pennsylvania
suggests, that there maybe occasion for a min-
ister of the United States in order to follow
those claims to final payment; but I have no
special information on that matter at this time.
I have no information that would enable me
tovote with any particular knowledge. The
proposition of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, as I stated, comes from itself. I was
not aware that the committee was to make any
such proposition until I saw it on the bill as
laid upon our tables on Saturday.
Under these circumstances, while I confess
that I am not prepared to take sides one way
or the other, I feel a considerable degree of
indifference with regard to it. On general
grounds I am in favor of the mo«t rigid econ-
omy here, as everywhere else, mid 1 do not
mean in this department to shrink from the
application of that economy which the public
