2772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
recommendation, his simple assertion that he
wants this additional sum; I say again, more
than one hundred per cent, of the expendi-
tures prior to 18CG. But the Senate, I take it,
is entirely willing to vote it, and I suppose il' he
had asked four times that sum the Senate would
have been entirely willing to vote it, upon no
theory in the world that I can understand
except that it comes from the financial minis-
ter, who cannot be wrong!
He gives another reason, and that is, the
high prices which have prevailed through the
country. I am not aware, as matter of fact,
that prices are higher now than they were 111
1866, when this law was passed. I am not
aware that prices throughout the country are
higher during the present fiscal year than they
were during the fiscal year preceding. They
are not so high as they were prior to 1866.
But, in the name of wonder, what has the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to do with high prices,
I should like to know? IIow do they affect the
expense of collecting the revenue from cus-
toms? He employs so many clerks in New
York; so many in Boston; he has so many
employes engaged in this service. If he paid
them such salary and found them, he could
talk about the high piices and their effect upon
the expenditure of that branch of the service;
but, I take it, ho does not clothe or feed the
employes under the Treasury Department. It
may be hard for them to have to live on the
same salaries that they had before the war;
but that is a consideration between them and
the Government.' If the Government has
increased their salaries, that increase can be
Stated, and the. Secretary should have stated
it to us.
Mr. President, if there were no reasons to
suspect the justice and propriety of this demand
but just those reasons which are assigned by
the Secretary for it, I should think the Senate
would hesitate long before they would vote the
appropriation. I cannot help but think they
are very unfair and irrational considerations to
address to the Legislature; and it was because
of the extraordinary character of these rea-
sons, as much as because of the extraordinary
character of the demand itself that I was led
to interest myself enough in the subject to sub-
mit the matter to the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There are, per-
haps, one or two items to which I ought to call
the attention of the Senate as going to explain
this deficiency. The general appropriation for
this service is $4,200,000 by the resolution
of 1866.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What is the whole amount?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is $7,800.000.
The whole sum is $7,800,000, but $500,000 of
that is for the expenses of the formeryear ; so
that the expenses proper of this year, the year
ending June 30, 1868, will be $7,300,000. It
should he remembered that taken from that
is the expense of the revenue-cutter service,
which is a distinct service, and that is about
o«e million two hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator does not mean
by saying that it is a distinct service, that it is
distinct in contemplation by law as existing
prior to that time?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir; I mean
to say covered by general appropriation. 1
only make that statement by way of explain-
ing what is stated in the Secretary's letters
where he complains that his recommendation
of last year, by which he would have had that
service charged upon some other fund, was
not agreed to by Congress.
Mr. HOWE. That would have been a rea-
son for reducing the appropriation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Secretary
makes his estimate in this way: he says the
standing appropriation by the resolution of
1866 was $4,200,000. Then is^add_ed to that
$600,000 received by way of forfeitures and
penalties ; and then by a transfer from appro-
priations, $1,200,000, making $6,000,000
which has been received for the service for the
current year, leaving a deficiency of $1,800,000,
oat of which $500,000 is necessary to pay the
debts of last year; so that the deficiency now,
independent of that, is $1,300,000.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to ask for inform-
ation, what was the appropriation for collect-
ing the revenue from the customs for the year
1868?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It was $4,200,-
000 ; that is all; except that by provision of
law the service was entitled to what should be
collected from lines, penalties, &c., which
amounted to $600,000 more. That was the
entire appropriation, as anybody will see,
apparently an inadequate appropriation, and
a deficiency under these circumstances was
very likely to occur.
Now, the deficiency has occurred. That is
a dead certainty. That is certified to us here.
Nobody questions it. Has it legitimately
occurred? That is a question which I agree
with the Senator from Wisconsin cannot be
demonstrated by the evidence we have. He
thinks it ought to bo demonstrated. That
would take more time than the Committee on
Appropriations have to examine it. Have we
gone far enough to show 'that it is probable
that the deficiency is legitimate? If so, then
the Senate can safely vote it. The reasons
are set out generally in the letter of the Secre-
tary—the large increase of the service, the ex-
traordinary duties imposed by certain acts of
Congress, and the large increase of salaries
growing out of a discretion put upon the Sec-
retary, and which he says, following the exam-
ple set by Congress, he has deemed it proper
to exercise. There is another item, and that
is the openingof the southern ports. Although
the war ceased, as the Senator from Wisconsin
says, at an earlier period, yet I believe the fact
is that those ports were not opened—certainly
not in whole—until within the current year, so
that the largest expense would fall upon this
year. These are some of the general reasons
assigned by the Secretary of the Treasury for
this deficiency. Do they render it probable to
the Senate that the deficiency has honestly
occurred ? If so, then the Senatehas informa-
tion which would seem to me to justify this
appropriation. This is all the information I
have.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the amendment be
reported again.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to
strike out the following clause:
To supply a dcficioney in the appropriation for the
expenses of collecting the revenue from customs for
the half year ending June 30,1863, $],80U,000.
Mr. HOWE. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 5, nays 31 ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Howard, Howe, JlcCreery, Pat-
terson of Tennessee, unci Williams—5.
NAYS—Meghis. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Cole,
Conklinj?, Conn ess, Oorbot,f,CraLnn, J)no!iUle, "Drake,
Edmunds, Ferry, l?essenden, Frelinshuysen, John-
son, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Xye, Pomeroy, liam.jcy, Ross, Saul.-bury, Sherman,
Smaller, Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle. Yickers,
Wiilev, and Yates—31.
ABSENT—Hoars. Bayard, Buckalew, Chandler,
Dixon, Fowler, Grimes, Harlan, Henderson,
Hendricks, Moiton, Norton, Patterson of New
Hampshire!, Spiaguo, Stewart, Thayer, Wade, and
Wilson- -IS.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to ask my friend,
the chairman of the committee, whether this
bill covers an appropriation of $0,000 for addi-
tional clerical assistance in the Department of
State?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Itdoesnot; but
another bill now before the committee does.
Mr. SUMNER. When does the Senator
expect action on the other bill?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very soon.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendments were con-
curred in. The amendments were ordered to
be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. The bill was read the third time, and
passed,
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine,
the title of the bill was amen.ded so as to read:
A bill partially to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending on the 30th June, 1868.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, communicating a report
from the Secretary of State, accompanied by
a dispatch from the acting United States con-
sul in charge of the United States legation in
Costa Rica, in relation to a new port at Tivives,
in the Gulf of Nicoya, oh the Pacific coast ';
which, on motion of Mr. Sumxer, was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
ordered to be printed.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. DRAKE. My colleague [Mr. Hender-
son] has been obliged by the calls of business
to go to his home, and* I ask on his behalf
leave of absence for eight days.
The motion was agreed to.
executive session.
Mr. CONNESS. The bill of the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Yates] is now before the
Senate, is it not ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
taken up on motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois is before the Senate, and will be read
through, as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CONNESS and Mr. FRELINGHUY-
SEN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move that the
Senate now proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. CONNESS. I have not yielded the
floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California.
Mr. CONNESS. That was the motion I
intended to make. I do not know any reason
why the floor should be taken from me by my
modest friend from New Jersey. [Laughter.]
I was going to state to the Senate, and also to
the honorable Senator from Illinois, that it
was evident that we could not get through with
his bill to-night, and it would be in order first
to-morrow, and there is some business that I
very much desire to call np in executive ses-
sion, and therefore I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. I hope my friend from Illinois will agree
to that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
California will allow me, I desire to make a
statement. We have just received the printed
bill with regard to the recognition of the other
southern States, and I design to move to bring
that up at one o'clock to-morrow. I hope
this other bill will not interfere with it.
Mr. CONNESS. I think that will keep
until to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Senate now proceed to the consider-
ation of executive business, and that motion
is not debatable.
Mr. CATTELL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to call up a bill for the pur-
pose of reference only. It will not take a single
minute.
Mr. CONNESS. I believe no debate is in
order on a motion for an executive session,
Mr. CAL'J'ELL. I do not propose to debate
it, but, by the courtesy of the gentleman from
California, to call up a bill for reference.
Mr. CONNESS. That will put the other
bill aside.
Mr. CATTELL. Not at all.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
BILL KKFEIUIED.
Mr. CATTELL. While the doors are being
closed 1 a,sk the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate to call up House bill No. 1068 for reference.
