1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1/740
good requires in all departments, if the Sen-
ate, therefore, on listening to what has been
said seems disposed to strike this mission out
ot the bill I shall not object ; on the contrary,
1 do not feel able, with the present lights
before us, to say that such a thing should be
done.
Mr. GRIMES. The fact that I am a mem-
ber of the Committee on Appropriations which
proposes this amendment is my apology for
interposing a single word on the subject. There
were two considerations that led the committee
to _ recommend the striking out of the appro-
priation for the mission to Ecuador. The first
is, the spirit of economy to which the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] has alluded;
and the second is, because we had heard a
great deal said in the Senate and ont of the
Senate about reducing the number of full min-
isters and ministers resident we have abroad
and consolidating and combining several mis-
sions to several countries in one; but when the
discussions came up on that subject we were
always met by the statement that here was a
good man already occupying one of these
" places, and it was not fail-, or it would not be
expedient, it would not be wise, at any rate, to
consolidate that mission with another mission
which was filled by somebody else who was
equally a discreet and worthy minister.
We came across this mission to Ecuador;
we found that it was not filled. At the time
this recommendation was proposed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations the name of no one
had been sent to the Senate to fill that mis-
sion, and we did not suppose it was going to
be filled. We had no reason to know who the
nominee might be. We thought, therefore, in
view of the fact that there had been so much
discussion and such a uniform agreement
among the members of the body that there
was to be something or other done in the way
of combining these most insignificant resident
' ministers, it would be wise for us, while wo
had an opportunity, to cut off the future use
of this argument that if you combined the mis-
sion to Ecuador with that to some other coun-
try you would be interfering with the salary or
with the commission and position of some
friend of somebody who wanted to secure his
continuance in office. Now, according to the
best lights the committee had before them,
there is little or no commerce between this
country and Ecuador. It is true that there
are a lew citizens of this country who for pri-
vnte speculations have gone there and estab-
lished themselves in some branches of manu-
factures, to a very limited extent, however, and
have established a gas company; but all the
duties of a resident minister at Ecuador can,
without the slightest inconvenience and with
perfect advantage to everybody in that coun-
try, be performed, I apprehend, by the consul
ot Guayaquil. That is done in other cases,
and it can certainly be done for a year at any
rate or for a shorter time if Congress chooses
to carry out the project of combining several
of these insignificant missions in one.
Mr. 13UCKALEW. I should like to asktho
Senator on the grounds on which he has argued
this matter why did not the committee strike
• out Bolivia?
Mr. GRIMES. I have just stated that we
were constantly met in every case by the argu-
ment that here was a minister already in occu-
pation there.
Mr. BUOKALEW. But that mission is
vacant.
Mr. GRIMES. We did not know tliat, and
that may be a very good reason why we should
strike itout at the present time. I apprehend
that the committee would have stricken it out
if they had had information that that mission
was vacant.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations striking out the word "Ecua-
dor."
The amendment was agreed to—ayes twenty-
two, noes not counted.
Mr. GRIMES. Now, if the Senator from
Pennsylvania desires that "Bolivia" be stricken
out, I have no objection to that motion being
made-
Mr. BUCKALEW. I intended to make it
myself when the amendments of the commit-
tee were through with.
Mr. GRIMES. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sec-
retary will read the next amendment reported
by the Committee on Appropriations.
The Secretary read the next amendment,
which was in line twelve to strike out ''New
Granada'' from the list of missions, and insert
"United States of Colombia."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This is simply
to change the name of the mission as the coun-
try has changed its name.
Mr. CONKLING. It is applying a correct
name to what is now incorrectly described in
the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines fifteen and
sixteen in the appropriation for salaries of
envoys extraordinary, ministers, and commis-
sioners, to strike out "5301,000" and insert
" 3286,000."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like
to divide the question so as to take the vote
first on striking out; because, as the bill now
stands, we shall have to move an amendment
to the amount.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection the amendment will be divided,
and the question is on striking out.
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The ques-
tion now is on inserting "$280,000."
Mr. BUCKALEW. I suggest to the Sen-
ator from Maine that if we strike out Bolivia
the amount, will be right.
Mr. MORRILL, ot Maine. Very well; I
propose to pass over this amendment for the
present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection that course will be pursued.
This amendment will be passed over and the
next will be read.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that is done I wish
to make one observation. I wish to call the
attention of the Senate to one appropriation
which is made in this section, which has never
before been introduced into the appropriation
bills. I do not call attention to it by way of
opposition, or even of criticism, but. 1 do not
think it ought to pass without notice. For the
first time in the history of our country Grceco
lias been introduced into tlie list of countries
where we are to have missions. A Senator
reminds me that, that point is not before the
Senate. Why, sir, the question is now on the
general. appiopriatiou for this section, and
what I was saying related to tliat general ap-
propriation, which it will be seen is increased
by a mission to Grcece, and I was remarking
that, for the first time in our history, we find
this name in the list of our missions. A few
years ago there was a half of an appropriation
for a mission to Greece standing by itself.
That was made with a view of enabling the
Government to send our minister at Constan-
tinople, or at Vienna, or at Rome, if you
please, to Greece ; but that appropriation was
never used. Now, for the first time, as I say,
we have the name introduced. I am glad, as
one, at any recognition of Greece; but then,
looking at tliis in the light of economy, and
also of practical advantage, the question has
been presented to me whether a consul general
there would not do at this time all that could
be accomplished by a minister. Wo have
from Greece at this moment, here in Wash-
ington, a minister resident, being a gentleman
of distinguished attainments and talents. 1
fear, however, that we may not expect that
he will continue here for a long time. Pos-
sibly, therefore, the interests of our country
would be as well consulted by a consul gen-
eral, which, of course, would be a very great
saving of expense, as bv a mission. But 1 am
free to confess that such is my interest in the
cause of Greece, such is my desire to take that
ancient nation by the hand, that, for one, I
shall not shrink from any expense that tho
Senate is disposed to undertake in that behalf.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This
amendment will be passed over and the next
will be read.
The Secretary read the next amendment re-
ported by the Committee on Appropriations,
which was after the word "abroad," in lino
thirty-one, to insert the words "and of foreign
intercourse," and in line tliirty-tvvo to strike
out "fifty" and insert " twenty;" -so as to
make the clause read:
For contingent expensesof all the missions abroad
and of foreign intercourse, $20,000.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to ask the attention
of my friend, the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, for a moment on that prop-
osition. I am inclined to think that, thougn
it has the sanction of the committee, it has
been made hastily and without consideration.
It will be observed, if you look at the bill as
it comes from the House of Representatives,
that there are two different items. I will read
them:
For contingent expenses of all the missions abroad,
$50,000.
For contingent expenses of foreign intercourse,
830,000: Provided, That this sum shall be expended
for purposes of foreign intercourse only.
That is the way in which the bill comes from
the House of Representatives. Now, as I
understand it, the Committee on Appropria-
tions propose to reduce these two clauses to
one and cut down the appropriation, which in
the two clauses amounts to $80,000, to $20,000;
so that the bill shall read:
For contingent oxpenses of all tho missions abroad
and ol'foreign intercourse, $20,000.
In other words, the sum of $20,000 is to
cover all the contingent expenses of our mis-
sions and all the contingent expenses of for-
eign intercourse. In the first place, as to the
contingent expenses of tho missions, I under-
stand that even the smallest missions are
allowed $500 a year for contingent expenses.
Multiply that sum by the number of missions
and you will see how large a portion of this
$20,000 it would absorb. The larger missions,
as those at London, Paris, Vienna, Berlin,
and Madrid, have a larger allowance for con-
tingent expenses; so that this sum of 520,000
would probably be entirely taken up merely
for what are called the contingent expenses of
the missions, to be expended by the head of
each mission, for which he is to furnish vouch-
ers. Then you will pcrceive that there is abso-
lutely no appropriation for what in the House
bill are called "the contingent expenses of
foreign intercourse." I need not remind you—
tho subject has often been discussed—that,
without going into any question of secret ser-
vice, tliei'0 are very considerable expenses of
foreign intercourse. I have, for instance, a
report which was made to the House of Rep-
resentatives some time during this session, I
believe, a statement of the expenditures from
the fund for the contingent expenses of foreign
intercourse from December 1, 18G5, to Novem-
ber 30, 1806, inclusive. By going over this you
will see that there are expenses for dispatch
agents. On a former occasion I tried to explain
this expenditure to the Senate; 1 do not know
with what success. I mentioned that we had
one central agency in London, where all dis-
patches for Europe aro received and then dis-
tributed. That agency, of course, must be
supported. Without support, how will the
communications of our Government reach the
ministers to whom they are addressed? Then
we have agents in Boston and New York. I
have here a memorandum of tho allowances
to each. They are considerable in the course
of tho year. Then, again, here is one item
which reads, "Philp & Solomons, stationery,
§3.326 52." It is the usage of the Depart-
ment to supply our ministers and foreign
agents, as they leave, with a certain amount
of stationery here in Washington.
As they are about to leave they are. supplied
in advance with a certain amount of stationery.
