3798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
capabilities for the highest destiny, we are in
any wise their inferior. They may claim au
earlier descent from the best races of con-
tinental Europe, but wo have these in their
most recent and highest state of advancement,
and our history since our severance from the
mother country, by every test that tries the
quality of men, proves at least such equality
with them as logically includes us under the
same law, and points us to a substantially simi-
lar directory for the conduct of our national
interests.
The period of England's history which bears
the closest analogy 10 our own present condi-
tion may be taken at the year 1810, when she
had just, emerged from a long war, which left
her with a depreciated currency, a burden of
debt, believed then to be more than she could
bear, and an annual expenditure that taxed
and strained all her productive energies to
their utmost. Her estimated wealth then was
but a little more than the half of ours. The
proportion of their national debt to the prop-
erty of the realm was full forty percent., while
its annual interest was about one hundred and
sixty millions, or fully ten per cent, of the
animal product of the United Kingdom.
How stands her wealth now? The best
authorities put it at above thirty-six thousand
millions, and her present national debt, at first
near twice the amount of ours, and still but
little reduced, has fallen in relative burden
from forty to less than twelve per cent., and its
interest tiom ten to three and a half per cent,
of the annual product of the capital and indus-
try of the country.
Now, the burden of our debt, State, national,
and municipal, is, perhaps, more than three
thousand millions, or equal to three fourths
of that of Great Britain in 1 816, and its interest
is a charge relatively as heavy upon our annual
products, though, perhaps, but little more than
live per cent. We are struggling as she strug-
gled alter her gieat trial under a burden equally
great upon our present means. For while the
current demand is not less, our greater capital
wealth lieslargely in estimation, in possibility,
depending for its availability upon the enter-
prise and industry that shall evoke its answer-
ing product.
Xnere may or may not be a considerable dif-
ference in the figures which express the stock
and the liabilities of the two countries at the
dales compared; but there is a substantial like-
ness in our condition now and theirs then.
Her territory is measured in square miles, ours
in degi'ei'sof latitude and longitude. The map
of our domain would cover her nearly twenty-
live times over. Our mines of the precious
and useful metals are practically unlimited,
and we have every variety of the climates
found in the temperate zone, with an equal
diversity and richness of fertility and spon-
taneous products of the soil. Of these things
we boast, which is well; but on these things,
also, we are accustomed to count when we are
brought to face the demands which they must
meet. But what are they worth as a reliance,
and what are the conditions of their avail-
ability? Not one of all these immense poten-
tialities will adequately answer our need unless
wisely managed and administered. A nation
cannot live upon its capital. Its capital is only
the base of its resources, but its actual support
comes only from its constant productiveness.
Au idler may live upon his fortune as long as
others are working for him and it, and no longer;
a nation of idlers cannot sell its real estate,
and must starve as soon as its money and sur-
plus movables are exhausted. More immedi-
ately and directly than any individual does an
entire community depend upon its every-day
industry; and to secure, encourage, protect,
and foster the work that yields current support
and wealth is therefore the first and chief busi-
ness oi' its Legislature.
But to our parallel: did England, circum-
stanced so nearly as we are now, after her war |
upon the Continent, lasting a quarter of a j
century, and with the United States during full i
three years of the same period, abandon the
industries of her people to au open competi-
tion under the doctriue of free trade? 1 need
not answer this question to any one having but
the most ordinary acquaintance with the his-
tory of her commercial policy; but it is worth
while to note the extent of the protection given
to her manufacturers, to her metals, coal, wool,
flax, and t.o the labor and capital employed in
their conversion. The scale is fairly indicated
by the rates charged upon foreign imports gen-
erally under her tariff act of 1819. Foreign
woolens were charged fifty per cent, of their
value ; cottons fifty to sixty-seven per cent. ;
glass an average of eighty per cent. ; and
iron six pounds ten shillings or thirty-one
dollars and fifty-two cents per ton; and the
cottons of the East Indies, where labor and
the raw material were at extremely low rates,
were prohibited. These are samples of rates
which in the main are far higher than any ever
levied by our Governmentundertariffs that the
enemy abroad and at home denounce as mon-
strous ; nor were these rates ever abated or
this protection ever relaxed until they had
raised the whole range of industries up to a
strength which defied all competition in her
own and in the markets of the world. Is there
anything doubtful in this history, or anything
unwarranted in claiming it as a guiding expe-
rience for our own conduct in difficulties as
great and toward an issue equally fortunate,
especially as England herself, in all her strength
ot means, and all her acknowledged supremacy
of art, is now full armed in the field against us ;
a competition far stronger than any that she her-
self ever encountered in the days of her great
trials?
It will be perceived that I have confined my-
self to a simple, straightforward line of argu-
ment, and adhered closely to practical consid-
erations, to a thoroughly verified and fully
justified experience, running through a period
long enough to ineetall sorts of contingencies,
and sustained by a people every way competent
to give a system of policy its fullest and tairest
trial. Have I not gone safely by the clear
light of an analogy that makes the general
question as plain as though the pattern policy
selected had been a parable made on purpose
to reflect all the features, facts, and results of
the principles for which I have been arguing?
And are we not, having reached this stand-
point, authorized to turn upon the propagand-
ists of free trade in Great Britain and their
echoes at home, and say we accept the authority
of your example, and refuse to adopt the theory
which you have manufactured to deprive us of
its advantages? Let me add to these generali-
ties that the assumed prevalence of the free-
trade theory, and its growth among the nations,
is simply untrue in point of fact. The com-
mercial treaties made by England with several
of the continental Governments, beginning with
France in I860, all stipulate that the duties
charged upon British goods shall not exceed,
but may reach, thirty per cent, in some cases,
in others twenty-five per cent, ad valorem, and
that the rates shall all be converted into spe-
cific levies whenever the subjects arc capable
of assessment by number, weight, or measure.
Thirty per cent., or twenty-five, or twenty, is
surely sufficiently defensive for these manufac-
tures and products of France and Germany,
where food, raw material, and capital are at
least as cheap, and wages generally even lower,
of which we have the proof in the fact that
France has now a market in England for
locomotives, and Germany has taken contracts
for the supply of railroad iron to Kussia at
rates which undersell England herself. These
continental countries, all of them, have so long
protected their domestic industries that they
are able now to meet the old-time work-shop
of the world in foreign markets, and ask no
odds in the strife l'or their own.
The propagandists of the free-trade theory
are constantly proclaimingthe progress of their
pet policy as witnessed by these commercial
treaties, of which the Anglo-French of 1860 is
the type. My answer to this boast is—and I
am prepared to sustain it—that the tariff rates
fixed by the convention between England and
France are as high in figures, and greatly more
effectual in operation, than our own tariff of
1801, commonly called the " Morrill tariff."
For the present I content myself with the
assertion that the boast of progress made by-
free trade in modern opinion and action is
simply a false pretense, of which I might cite
the further evidence that the colonies of mother
England, wherever they enjoy the-right of gov-
erning their own industrial interests, are all in
open revolt against, the policy which she is
endeavoring to impose upon them. The case
is putplumply by the Westminster Review for
April, 1808, in which the writer, after inveigh-
ing, in the true British spirit, against universal
suffrage and Government affairs controlled by
the people for their immediate interest, saya
that "the colony of Victoria, the most liberal
and the most important in Australia, in pur-
suit of the popular fallacy that it is possible to
turn taxation into a source of national wealth,
or, at least, into a means of creating local man-
ufactures ; that is, of raising wages, the gov-
ernment of Victoria, representing the demo-
cratic majority, has, during the last two years,
revolutionized its whole fiscal scheme in favor
of a protective system, putting on new taxes,
not for revenue, but for protection to native
industry." Again, the reviewer says:
" Protection was taken to mean increased employ-
ment und higher wages ; and protection theiicoloi'lll
became, and still is, the cardinal article of the Aus-
tralian democratic creed."
This is not so much a concession as a charge
by the indignant critic, but it is the best sort of
proof of the fact, and all the more reliable that
it is extorted evidence from an unwilling wit-
ness. He ascribes the detested triumph of
protection there, in plain words, to that '• habit
of governing by means of a democratic major-
ity, which is very damaging to political virtue."
Agreeing entirely with this high free-trade
authority as to the facts of the case, and happy
that lie confesses and exposes the grounds of
his disgust, I merely cite him as the briefest
and clearest authority against the brag of his
party, " that liberalism, progress, and popular
or democratic government tend toward tree
trade in international commerce." lam en-
tirely safe in saying that this pretense, by
whomsoever made, is either a mistake or a
falsehood; and, in either case, equally untrue
and the very reverse of the truth.
But protection is exposed to assaults that
take tlio form of practical objections to its
operation upon the interests of the Govern-
ment, and of certain classes of the people
adopting it. As agaiust the general interests
of the community, 1 trust that I have shown it
not true. The foreign commerce and the
maritime interests of Great Britain grew under
a protective system of .unequaled strictness
into the, supremacy in the markets of the world
and to the domination of the seas. Nor is it
true, either, that the alleged restriction of
trade diminishes revenue from foreign imports.
In our own experience we have the proot that
high, very high, duties do not diminish either
foreign trade or revenue to the Treasury.
In the year 1857, the largest amount of duty-
paying goods ever till then imported, under
whatever tariff, rose to the value of two hun-
dred and eighty-three and a half millions,
under an average rate of twenty-two and four
tenths per cent.; while in 1867 the dutiable
imports rose to the value of three hundred
and seventy-two and three-quarter millions,
under the average tariff rates of forty-seven
and one third per cent. Here we have nearly
one third more goods imported under a more
than doubled average duty, and one hundred
and seventy-six and one half millions of reve-
nue derived, against forty-nine and a half mil-
lions, or au almost fourfold yield to fchfe Treas-
ury.
It may be notieed here that when the tariff
of 1857 reduced the average rate upon duti-
