THE CONGRESSIONAL; G&GBE.
There are many other minor differences.
One or the other of these claimants have asked
us to reject the votes of certain persons who
are claimed to be non-residents, idiots, luna-
tics, paupers, aliens, minors, and who were
tor this reason disqualified as electors of Ohio.
1 shall not jast now discuss these questions,
because these differences, all told, amount to
-less than fifty, and could not in any event, if the
other questions are settled as the majority of
the committee recommend, affect the result.
I will call the attention of the House first to
the township of Blue Rock. In the summer
ot 1865 the_ inhabitants there discovered the
existence of rock oil. It created great excite-
ment, and called to that locality a large num-
ber of persons from the different counties of
the State, and some few, it is alleged, from
other States. One of the witnesses called by
the sitting member informed us that from four
to five hundred m n were attracted to that
locality in consequence of this discovery.
They remained there till after the election in
1866. The election returns of 1866 show that
the additional number of votes cast in that
township was 87—that is, 87 more than were
cast in 1865—and one witness for the sitting
member estimates that of those 87 additional
t votes, 50 probably were east by those new
V comers.
Now we are asked to set aside the returns
of this entire township because it is conjec-
tured that fifty persons, or thereabouts, who
had been attracted tQ that section of country
about a year and a quarter before, are sup-
posed tohavebeen non-residents. At least
that is one of the reasons assigned by the
rejecting the whole. The laws
Ohio require that a voter should have re-
sided in the State one year, in the county
thirty days, and in the township twenty days
before he offers to vote. The evidence shows
that very nearly all these persons came to that
township m the summer of 1865, and prior to
that were residents of some portioii of the
State of Ohio. The discovery of oil in Blue
®°?k> unlike_ discoveries in Pennsylvania
and West Virginia, was not of sufficient ac-
count to attract the attention of the whole
country. It gathered in the adventurers, spec-
ulators, mechanics, laborers, and capitalists
from the neighborhood around it, but very
lew from other States. The question then
comes up to be decided, did fifty, or as many
of these people as voted at the election in
1866, go there with the intention of remain-
ing ? They were mostly young men, who
came there to buy land, to purchase leases, to
sink wells, to refine oil, and, if the business
prospered, they proposed to continue there.
i.he only thing to show that they did not
intend to remain was the fact that most of
them went away some time in the fall of 1866.
But by that time the whole thing had ex-
ploded. When it was ascertained that no oil,
or at least not in such quantity as tbey expected,
was to be found in that region, they left. Now,
it any of these men were really non-residents,
it was the duty of the sitting member, or of
the contestant, if he wished to reject their
votes, to have gone to the poll-books and
taken the names of the men whom he alleged
were non-residents and had voted, and offered
some evidence of the facts which it was alleged
existed ; then the committee would have had
?i0nJeA.1102 to g0 upon> lla(l i' been thus shown
that these persons were non-residents and had
voted for the contestant. But, on the con-
trary, the sitting member merely alleges that
judging from surrounding circumstances, a
large number of these people were necessarily
non-residents ; that they had come from other
localities without the intention of remaining
although they had remained a year and a
quarter.
Another objection to this return is, that on
the day of the election there was great excite-
ment about the polls, and the friends of the
sitting member were abused. One of the wit-
nesses, whose imagination upon thatsubjeet, or
whose recollection of the facts, I will Hot say
which, seems to be the most lively, says that
some of the friends of the contestant called
them "rebels," and everything they could
turn their tongues to. The same old gentle-
man says he had voted there for fifty years,
and in his opinion the people who came there
to engage in this new enterprise were not citi-
zens and not entitled to vote. He further says
that ho went in before the board of election
with the intention of challenging them. He
first challenged the crowd, alleging that all the
oil men were disqualified as electors, and when
some one told hiin that he could not challenge
in that way, that oil men were like Methodist
preachers, and had a right to vote wherever
their present residence was, then he com-
menced challenging individuals, and did chal-
lenge two or three, but some of the oil men
blackguarded him so that he went off. These
are the reasons assigned in the report of the
minority for rejecting the returns of this town-
ship altogether. These, at least, are the most
prominent reasons, and all I now recollect.
The majority of the committee came to the
conclusion that these reasons were not suffi-
cient and the returns should be counted.
The minority also reject the returns from the
townships of Clinton and city of Mount Ver-
non. which voted together. 'J'iie city or village
of MoCint Vernon, as it, used to be prior to
1852, lies in the center of Clinton township.
In the year 1845 they applied to the Legisla-
ture for a charter as a village, and a special act
was passed which separated the village from
the township and divided it into wards. Under
that law the elections for township officers
were to be held in the township, and for vil-
lage officers in the respective wards of the
village ; but they were permitted to hold the
State and national elections together under the
control of the township officers. It provided
that the spring elections for township and vil-
lage officers should be held separately, but
allowed them to go on voting at the fall elec-
tions as they always doneunderthe control of
the township officers. In 1852 the Legislature
of Ohio passed a general act relating to small
cities. Among other things it provided that
elections, without distinguishing between local
and State elections, should be held in the
respective wards of the cities. Mount Vernon
had a population of more than five thousand,
and, therefore, came under this law. In the
fall of 1852, after the passage of this act, two
elections, a State election and a national elec-
tion, were held as they had been before held,
under the control of the township officers!
The people of this little city and of the town-
ship came to the conclusion that the general
law which directed the election to be held in
each ward did not overrule the special law of
1845, and that they could still hoid their general
elections together from that time on as they
had for the seven years preceding. And so
from that time, up to and including the elec-
tion of 1866, the township and the city held
their general elections together. This was their
construction of the law. Fifteen consecutive
State elections, including that of 1866, were
held under that construction of the law, in
accordance with the law of 1845, and four
national elections, making in all nineteen elec-
tions that had been held under that construc-
tion, nobody complaining.
The election of I860 was held in the same
way. But a new construction has been put
upon that law by the sitting member and his
counsel. They now claim that the people of
Clinton and of the city of Mount Vernon mis-
construed the law; that they ought to have
formed separate election districts in each ward
of the city, and that the people of the city
shojild have voted by themselves, and the peo-
ple of the townships by themselves. I have
two answers to that; one is, that under the
law of 1852 the city councils were directed to
appoint voting places, but under this miscon-
struction of the law, if it was a misconstruc-
tion, they never appointed any voting places
and the people had the right to vote under the
old law until new provision was made for them.
The minority of the committee say that the
people might have elected officers themselves
on the day of election. So they could; but
they could not appoint places for voting. Sec-
ondly, the law has received a practical con-
struction by nineteen elections, sanctioned, or
at least assented to, not dissented from, by any
of the Ohio authorities.
I hold, then, that if they were wrong in their
construction of the law of 1852, still, having
held nineteen elections under that construc-
tion, and no voting places ever having been
selected by the city council of Mount Vernon,
that construction became the law, and the
Committee of Elections would not have been
justifiable in rejecting the 381 majority given
for the contestant.
I come now to consider whether, under the
laws of the United States and the constitution
of the State of Ohio, a deserter from the mil-
itary or naval service of the United States is a
qualified elector. The law of Congress passed
March 3, 1865, provides—
" That all persons who have deserted tlie military
or naval service of the United States, who shall not
rctut'n to s.iid service or report to a provost marshal
withitisixty days after the proclamation hereinafter
mentioned, shall be deemed and taken to have vol-
untarily relinquished and forfeited their rights of
citizenship and their rights to become citizens."
And the constitution of the State of Ohio,
unlike the constitutions of many other States',
provides that no person shall be an elector in
that State unless he is also a citizen of the
United States. Now, if this law of the 3d of
March, 1865, invalid, taken in connection with
the provision of the State constitution of Ohio,
deserters are not qualified electors in that State.
Upon that point 1 think it probable that I will
not be disputed by any person. To my recol-
lection, that inference of the law, providing it
is valid, taken together with the constitution
of Ohio, has not been denied either in argu-
ment before the committee or in the report of
the minority.
But it is said that the law itself is not con-
stitutional, and therefore the House should not
enforce it.^ It is said to be unconstitutional
because it is ex post facto; the desertions had
all taken place prior to the act of the 8d of
March, 1865. Now, if gentlemen will give
attention to what the disqualification consists
in, they will find that it is not in desertion, not
m the former desertion, but in the refusal to
return within the sixty days fixed in the proc-
lamation of the President. Whatever penal-
ties Congress saw fit to denounce against
desertion were provided in other laws. The act
of 1865 calls upon these men, who are already
offenders against the law, to return to duty;
and it provides that all who shall not return
within the sixty days, under the proclamation
°i « u Pfesident calling upon them to do so,
snail be deemed to have relinquished and for-
feited their rights of citizenship. So the ques-
tion of its constitutionality, on account of its
being ex post facto, is not applicable.
But, it is said again, that conceding the law
to be constitutional, no person can be deemed
a deserter untiHie has been convicted in some
court, either military or civil. However, be-
fore I say anything on that point, I wish to
inquire by what authority the Committee of
JMections, or even this House, can pass upon
the constitutionality of a law which has re-
ceived the sanction of both Houses of Con-
gress and been approved and signed bv the
1 resident? Suppose there is a doubt about
he constitutionality of this law. Sir, since
tins case has been pending before the Commit-
tee of Elections we have impeached the Presi-
dent for disregarding a law because he thought
it was unconstitutional. And now it is pro-
posed that this House shall commit the same
otlense. The President had some shado'Wof
excuse. He said that he had never sanctioned
instf law; that he had vetoed it. The House
has no such excuse, because a very large
portion of the members that compose this
!! I°ied for th,e act of l i5. He said,
too, that he wanted to bring tho case before
u8 Supreme Court to test theeonstitutiouaiity
