366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
he had once been a Government officer. I will
not give the name of the man or place where
he served. Where ho was located there was a
distillery that manufactured some two thousand
gallons of whisky per day, the tax upon which
was $4,000. The distiller went to the inspector,
the assessor, and the collector, and said to each
of them: "The Government pays you but five
dollars per pay ; I will give you $250 per day,
and all that I ask of you in return is simply
this: I will make out the reports fair upon
their face, and I ask you merely to return those
reports to the Government. I will make out
papers showing that I manufacture two hund-
red gallons per day, andXhose papers I want
you to return to the Government." The
reports were so made out, showing that that
distiller manufactured two hundred gallons of
whisky per day, and those reports were sent
to the Government, and the tax paid on them
regularly. Yet in truth and in fact he was man-
ufacturing two thousand gallons per day. So
that after paying each one of these officers $230
per day, he was enabled to make himself by the
transaction at least $2,500 per day—a very
nice profit for any man who is engaged in the
manufacture of whisky.
Now, in order to detect and prevent these
frauds 1 do not propose to employ Government
agents. But I propose in my bill that any man
who detects these frauds, I care not who he may
be, shall have everything he can make out of it
after paying the Government tax. So that if
any man keeps any of these little apparatuses,
of which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] speaks, for the purpose of distilling
whisky upon his premises, whoever detects it
will then be entitled to all he can make out of
it after the Governmenttax shall have been paid.
No man, therefore, if his real estate is subject
to be forfeited, can afford to permit "whisky to
be manufactured or kept illegally upon his prop-
erty. It is impossible to buy up everybody.
There are detectives by the hinidredsand thou-
sands, and if one set be bought up there comes
in another hungry swarm, l'hey cannot all be
bought up. The frauds which, in spite of the
penalties embraced in our legislation, that have
been committed show conclusively that such
frauds can never be stopped unless we adopt
some stronger means than laws consisting
merely of penalties. We must forfeit the lands
where liquors are either illegally made or kept.
Now, as I have already remarked, the provis-
ion of this bill reported by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] is embraced in the system
embodied in my bill. I am, therefore, not
opposed to this bill, butrose merely to object to
this piecemeal legislation. Let us not further
complicate our internal revenue system bypass-
ing one day a bill embracing part of a system,
the next day a bill embracing another part of
the system, and so on until we get our legisla-
tion in such a shape as to require a "Philadel-
phialawyer" to understand it. The committee
by devoting a few days further to the subject
can, I doubt not, agree upon an entire system
that will meet the approval of this House.
There is another matter that I desire to men-
tion in connection with this bill and all bills
of a similar nature which is very unfair to mem-
bers, and that is this: when any member of
this House has devised a system and prepared
with great labor a bill, however good it may
be, if the committee to which the measure is
referred picks out a little here and a little
there, embodying these different portions in
distinct bills, the member does not get any
credit which may be due to him for the system
which he has originated, but it all goes to the
committee. I think that some credit is due to
any gentleman who can devise a system which
shall be sufficient to cure these frauds that have
been robbing the Government of more than
one hundred and fifty million dollars per year.
I will read that portion of my bill with which
the provision of this bill precisely corresponds.
I read from page 03 of the bill, referring to the
bonded warehouse at the distillery:
That such liquors, aftor their inspection as afore-
said. may be sold from such premises where manu-
factured, or such bonded warehouse where stored, as
such commissioner shall direct, anil nowhere else
until after the tax is paid.
All that I desired was to call the attention
of the House to the fact that the provision of
the bill reported by the gentleman from Ohio
is embraced in the system embodied in my
bill. I have no objection to the passage of the
| bill before us, except that I object to adopting
; a part of a system when we can as well adopt
the whole.
I Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I hope that
! the Committee of Ways and Means and I as
their chairman will stand properly rebuked
i before the House. We were not intending to
take out a patent for anything which had pre-
viously been patented by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Hunter,] or anything for which
he had even entered a caveat. I think, how-
ever, that the idea of getting rid of the bonded
warehouse system is not original either with him
or with the Committee of Ways and Means. I
think that all over the country, as the corrob-
orative proof from all quarters shows, the con-
viction has been growing till it has become con-
firmed in the minds of all who have turned their
attention to this subject, that this system is one
of the prolific sources of fraud. The commit-
tee having come to this conclusion without hav-
ing even read the bill of the gentleman from
Indiana (and in this remark I intend no disre-
spect to him) we propose to put this patch, if
it may be so called, upon the existing law—to
stop one gap—because we think an emergency
now calls for it.
Now the gentleman has had referred to the
committee a bill which I have not yet had time
to read. It perhaps embodies that very pro-
vision in effect; but the same thing has been
presented to us in five hundred letters and
petitions. We propose to give validity to the
suggestion by putting it into the shape of law
here now in order to stop, as I have already
said, one of the gaps in the present law.
I think that the gentleman from Indiana is
right that this legislation ought not to be done,
if possible, by piecemeal, and it is not the
intention of the committee to propose legis-
lation in that way. But, as I have explained,
here is one thing wjiich requires immediate
and prompt action. While they are, diligently
as they know how, applying themselves to the
investigation of all other matters connected
with the revenue system, so as to be able to
report a bill at the earliest day, they have
thought it proper to ask the House to pass this
particular legislation with reference to this
particular emergency.
The gentleman's bill, I understand from
other members of the committee, and, judging
from what I have seen in it while he was speak-
ing, contains many good things, but there are
pages upon pages cut out from the present law.
Mr. HUNTER. Nothing in reference to
whisky.
Mr. SCfiENCK. There are whole pages
now upon the statnte-book. The bill has been
made up, and has no doubt been well compiled.
It may be moved as a substitute and substan-
tially adopted by the House for the one reported
by the committee. If so I shall not find fault
with the gentleman's success. But I do not
think it is quite fair for him to charge us with
having taken an idea from him when it is an
idea common to the whole country. I have
not read his bill at all, but I shall do so.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not make any charge
against the committee. I oppose legislation
on this subject by piecemeal. The gentleman
says he has not read my bill and I do not make
any charge against him.
Mr. SCHENCK. Putting it merely upon
the ground that the emergency requires the
stopping of this gap in the present law previous
to a general revision of the revenue system, I
now demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
rioiits of adopted citizens.
The SPEAKER laid before the House pro-
ceedings of a public meeting in Toledo, Ohio,
in reference to the rights of adopted citizens;
which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
appointment of department clerks.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution, and to say a few
words in explanation of it:
Retolved, That the Committee on Retrenchment
be, and they are hereby, instructed to report at the
earliest practicable moment a bill, which shall pro-
vide for a bureau of civil service at Washington city,
consisting of not less than three examiners; and
which shall prescribe their duties, qualifications, sal-
ary, and term of office.
2. Which shall also provide the number of clerks
to be employed in each Department at Washington,
and for their apportion incnt among the several States,
Territories, and the District of Columbia according
to their representation in Congress or popolation.
! 3. Which shall provide by whom recommendations
shall bo made to said examiners for examination and
nominations for positions in the various Departments.
4. Which shall provide that the preference in nomi-
nations for appointments for the majority of ap-
pointes from each State, Territory, or district, shall
be given to soldiers or sailors who bave faithfully
i served their country and been honorably discharged,
having all the requisite Qualifications as prescribed
by the board of examiners or by law.
5. Which shall provide the time and mode of sup-
plying the places in the various Departments in
accordance with theso suggestions of those whose
places shall be made vacant by the provisions of
! said law.
6. Which shall provide the time when a complete
change shall be made in accordanco with said law
in all the Departments of Government in Washing-
ton city.
7. Said billshall not apply to the officei, clerkships,
or employments under the various Departments
except those within the District of Columbia.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman de-
sire to make the explanation before the Chair
asks if there is objection to the introduction
of the resolution?
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir; I do not know that
it might not take me longer than ten minutes,
but I do not thijjk it will.
Mr. KERR. I object to the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
gentleman having ten minutes to explain the
proposition ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It is not before the
House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Wisconsin objects.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I renew
the motion that the rules be suspended and
the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the
president's annual message.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Bctler] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. BUTLER. I will yield my time to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. CJry.]
Mr. CARY. Mr. Chairman, whatever diver-,
sity of sentiment exists in this House in regard
to the public debt, the proper form and man-
ner of its payment, we are united in the opin-
ion that this debt must be paid to the utter-
most farthing. Come what may, the nation's
honor must in no way be compromised or im-
peached. We must not do or permit anything
to be done which will impair confidence in the
integrity of our national character. Public
faith is the basis of all private faith, and na-
tional repudiation would result in universal
demoralization. It is most unwise for any part
of the community, and especially that portion
understood to possess the Government bonds,
to charge the intention of repudiation upon
those who differ from them as to the legal,
equitable, and just mode of payment. The
