1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3799
able imports to nineteen and a half per cent.,
tlie largest imports of dutiable goods, at these
rates, which happened in 18(50, amounted to
only two hundred and sixty-eight millions.
This was the year of our largest exports of
breadstuffs, provisions, cotton, and other sta-
ples. Every possible circumstance was favor-
able to the trade of the year, yet it yielded one
hundredand twenty-eight and eight tenths mil-
lions less to the Treasury, and brought one
hundred and five millions less of foreign goods
to our shores than was afforded by the forty-
seven and one third per cent, tariff in opera-
tion in the fiscal year 1807.
I am dealing with facts, and I cannot so well
in any other manner contradict or refute the
specious doctrines of free-traders ; such, for in-
stance, as that which affirms that the lower the
tariff rates the larger both the_ importation and
the resulting revenue. A notion derived from
the idea that protection means prohibition, or
at least diminution of imports, to the extent of
its degree,which is not true. Protection means
nothing of the kind. It does not diminish
foreign trade, but it selects it, and at the same
time increases it by enabling the country to
purchase the more in proportion to the free-
dom and security given to domestic industry.
Why, Mr. Speaker, there is no country under
the sun so well protected against rival indus-
tries as England. Her supremacy in produc-
tion bars out all the manufacturers of theworld,
except about six per cent, of her total imports,
and those imports have risen under this secur-
ity from seven hundred and thirty-nine million
dollars in value in 185-1, to one thousand
three hundred and fifteen millions in 1805, thus
increasing seventy-eight per cent, in ten years;
and this for the reason that her exports came
still nearer to doubling in the same time. Nor
has her customs revenue fallen off. It amounted
to twenty-two million pounds in 1846, and
yielded twenty-two and a half million in 1865,
having been as high as twenty-four millions in
1803.
So much for the answer of history and fact
to the plausible notion that lower duties in-
crease imports and revenue, which might be
true it' the ability to buy foreign goods,was not
affected by paralysis of domestic industry; but
it is seen to be false when we look to the pros-
perity produced by full work, large wages, and
activity of capital, all secured by protection
of each, and all alike.
'There is also another fallacy of the let-alone
school of economists, specious enough on the
surface, but hollow at the core. It is the as-
sumption that the price of all imported com-
modities to the consumer must be increased by
the amount of duty imposed upon them. But
is the producer's selling price such a fixed and
constant quantity that it can bo taken for the
basis of such a calculation? Let us see. The
export price of English merchant bar iron in
Liverpool was at five pounds ten shillings in
August, 1832, and at ten pounds ten shillings in
January, 1830, and it hovered about the latter
rate unlill 1840. The former price of five
pounds ten shillings concurred with the opera-
tion of our tariff of 1828, and the increased
price ruled during the reign of our compromise
act. In April, 1843, our tariff of 1842 being in
force, English merchant bar iron fell to five
pounds. The tariff of 1842 being repealed it
went up to niue pounds ten shillings in January,
1847.
These instances are enough for illustration.
Now, who paid the duty on any such iron
imported into the United States when our
tariff rates were at the highest? The con-
sumer? Manifestly no. The producer, capi-
talist, laborer, and trader, suffered it in abate-
ment of their profits; sometimes even to the
loss of all profits, and something of capital
invested besides. Home production encour-
aged has the natural effect of holding the prices
of fotcign commodities in check, even when
some considerable enhancement of priceis the
result. One thing is certain, that the foreign
article never can go above the living price at
which the domestic article can be afforded, for
competition among home producers will fix
the maximum for the market, and hold it
there, or prevent it from fluctuation, to the
injury of the consumer.
A country absolutely subjected to foreigners
for their supplies in every article must allow
the vendor to fix his own price upon it, and if
it has but one such market for purchasing it
must also be shut up to that market for the
sale of the commodities with which it pur-
chases, and the foreigner thus fixes the price
of the exports as well as of the imports. This
is the bondage of trade. A slave, sir, is one
who can deal with but one man. A country
which must deal only in one market is as much
enslaved.
I have no doubt that an American consumer
of tea or tropical spices must pay the whole
duty imposed upon these articles at the custom-
house, unless by a general abstinence the price
is forced down upou the producer, and so a
part or the whole of the charge be taken out
of his profits. But who pays the duty when
competition is open and a choice is free ? How
much must either party pay of such duty under
the varying circumstances of the case ? Alex-
ander Hamilton, in the Federalist, touches
this subject incidentally, not exhaustively, as
was his usage whenever engaged upon any
point of economic doctrine as the main topic
of discussion. He says:
" When the demand is equal to the quantity of
goods at market, the consumer generally pays the
duty; but when the markets happen to be over-
stocked a great proportion falls upon the merchant,
and sometimes not only exhausts his profits, but
breaks in upon his capital. I am apt to think, [he
concludes] that a division of the duty between the
seller and the buyer more often happens, than is
commonly imagined, for it is not always possible to
raise the price of a commodity in exact proportion
to every additional imposition laid upon it."
These considerations are enough to dispose
of the bold assumption that all taxesand duties
are necessarily and certainly so much addi-
tional charge upon the consumer of commodi-
ties. Prices are determined by supply and
demand; and it is plain, therefore, that do-
mestic competition must have the effect of
regulating the cost of foreign products when
they are obliged to meet the rivalry of domestic
goods in the markets which they invade. If
there were no other reason of policy for main-
taining such a check upon the foreign domina-
tion of our home markets, this would be a suf-
ficient one. But dependence for supplies from
abroad, for anything that can be produced at
home, even as a mere matter of mercantile
policy, is liable to the objection that they are
thus surrendered to the government of causes,
accidents, caprices, and interests, over which
we have no control. In the war of 1812,
blankets previously costing but six dollars per
pair went up to twenty, and opium rose to one
hundred and sixty dollars per pound, and
common pins, of which we made none at the
time, became absolutely unattainable. It is
even worse when arms and ammunition are to
be had only from the nation with which we
happen to be at war. But I need not press
this point so well put by General Jackson in
his letter to Dr. Coleman, written during the
pendency of legislation which resulted in the
highly protective tariff act of 1824 and its
amendment in 1828. But the opponent returns
to the charge after all his sophistries of theory
are explodedwilh such objections as this: the
protective duty must somehow inciease the
price of the commodity, else why impose it ?
I answer, it certainly increases the undersell-
ing price resorted to for the purpose of breaking
up the domestic production, with the opportu-
nity reserved of increasing it to more than
indemnifying rates when dominion of the
market is obtained, as we have seen always
occurred in the matter of English iron.
Mr. Madison, in his letter to Judge Cabell,
October 30, 1828, puts this point thus :
" Should it happen, as has been suspected to be an
object, though not of a foreign Government itself, of
its great mamit.ieturing capitalists, to strangle in the
cradle the infant manufactures of an extensive cus-
tomer or an .uitieipated rival, it would surely, in
such a ease, be incumbent on. the suffering party so
far to make an exception to the let-alone policy as
to parry tho evil by appropriate regulations of its
foreign commerce."
Mr. Madison, forty years ago, spoke of tho
possibility of foreign combinations to break
down American industries, threatening to dis-
pute the home market with them; but the report
of a parliamentary commission appointed to
consider the pressing evil of strikes among
British workmen, makes Mr. Madison's hypoth-
esis a matter of history. I ask attention to a
somewhat lengthy extract for the reason that
it covers the ground of an argument which I
would be but too happy if I could sufficiently
impress upon the people of this country who
are so largely concerned and yet so little im-
pressed by its facts and force. This parlia-
mentary committee says:
"The laboring classes (of England) generally,
in the manufacturing districts of this country, and
especially in the iron and coal districts, arc very little
aware of the extent to which they are often indebted
for their being employed at all, to the immense losses
which their empluyois voluntarily incur in bad time*.
inorder to destroy foreign competition and to gain and
keenpossessionoj foreign markets. Authentic instances
are well known of employers having in such times
carricd on their works at a loss amounting in tho
aggregate to three or four hundred thousand pounds
in the course of throe or four years. If tho efforts
of those who encourago the combinations to restrict
the amount of labor, and to produce strikes were to
be successful for any length of time, the great accu-
mulation of capital could no longer be made which
enable a fern of the Most 'wealthy capitalists to over-
whelm all foreign competition in times of great depres-
sion, and thus to clear the way for the whole trade
to step in when prices revive, and to carry on a,groat
business before foreign capital can again accumulate
to such an extent as to be able to establish a,competi-
tion in prices, with any chance of success. The large
capitals of this country are the great instruments of
warfare against the competing capital of foreign
countries, and arc the most essential instruments now
remaining by which our manufacturing supremacy
can bo maintained; the other elements—cheap labor,
abundance of raw material, means of communica-
tion, and skilled labor, being rapidly in process of
being equalized."
This murderous policy Mr. Madison thought
possible as a means of holding an extensive
customer in commercial and industrial bondage.
That phrase very truly describes the mercan-
tile relation of the United States to Great
Britain. Taking the year 1860 for an example,
I find that the British exports to us that year,
according to their own reports, stood at twenty-
one million six hundred sixty-seven thousand
and sixty-five pounds, while to all the woild
besides, other than her own provinces, the
total of her exports were but seventy million
five hundred and fifty-three thousand three
hundred and twenty-seven pounds. Thus we
are a fair one quarter of the world to her: an
extensive customer, indeed, and well worth
holding at any cost, by losses, bribery, or
sophistry, or ail together, as may be required.
But the real sacrifices of this cut-throat corn-
petition are next to nothing, for whenever by a
wise policy we have enlarged our home pro-
ducts toward a self-supplying pointa.glut, hap-
pens in the English market in lack of so large
a customer, and then it is no matter at what
price the surplus is thrown upon our market,
for the balance left is worth as much as the
whole, including the excess, and the sacrifice
of price, which at any rate must be borne, is
amply repaid by the effectual breaking down
of what the parliamentary committee called
'■the competing capital of foreign countries."
A single instance will suffice : English common
bar iron is quoted at New Yoik during 18J5,
1840, 1847, 1S48, at an average of seventy-five
dollars per ton. In 1849 three hundred and
eighteen thousand eight hundred and seventy-
five tons of English iron were thrown upon our
markets at less than the cost of production, and
the New York price fell from the average of
seventy-five dollars in the preceding four years
to forty-one dollars and twenty-five eeuts in
July and to thirty-three dollars in Septem-
ber, 1851. Here was a glut lot loose upon us,
as the prices indicate, with the unfailiogrestilt,
that so soon as its work was done the indem-
nifying process was begun, and accordingly we
find British bar in New York as early as No-
vember, 1853, at sixty-six dollars and twenty-
five cents, aud in November, 1854, at seventy-
