232
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
Ho. of IIeps.
Impeachment—Mr. Perham.
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
power of the President to appoint u officers of
the United States " subordinate to the action
of the Senate any clearer.
In support of this position I quote from aa
official opinion upon fchfc powers of the Presi-
dent'given, by the then Attorney General,
Jerry Jilack, -and addressed to President Bu-
chanan, in I860.
Mr* Blaok says:
" To the Chief Executive Magistrate of the Union
is confided the aolemn duty of seeing the laws faith-
fully executed." * * * * "But his power is to be
used only in the manner pfresctfbed by the legis-
lative department. He cannot accomplish a legal
purpose by illegal means, or break the laws himself
to prevent them from being violated by others.
"ihe acts of Congress sometimes give the Presi-
dent broad discretion in the #se of the means by
which they are to bo executed, apd sometimes limit
his power so that he can exercise it only in a certain
prescribed manner. Where the law directs a thing
to be done without saying how that implies the
power to use such means as may be necessary and
proper to accomplish the end of the Legislature.
But where the mode of performing aduty is pointed
oufe by statute that iq the exclusive mode, and no
other ean "bo followed. The United States have no
commonlaw to fall back upon when the written law
is defective. If, therefore, an act of Congress de-
clares that a certain thine shall be done by a partic-
ular officer, i t cannot be done by a different officer.
The agency which the law furnishes for its own exe-
cution must bo used to tho exclusion of all othors."
The provision of the Constitution applicable
to the case is as follows;
M lie [the President] shallhave power, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, to make trea-
ties,. provided two t.hirdsof the Senators present con-
cur; and he shall nominate, and by and with tho ad-
vice and conscnt of the Senate shall appoint, embas-
sadors, other public ministers and consuls, judges of
the Supremo Court, and all other officers of the Uni-
ted States whose appointments are not herein other-
wise provided for, and which shall be established by
law.
" The President shall have power to fill up all va-
cancies that may happen during the recess of the Sen-
ate by granting commissions which 'shall expire at
the end of their next session/*
This authorizes the President to appoint
"with the advice and eonsent of the Serrate, "but
in no other method, during the session of the
Senate. Neither eatt'he ereate a vacancy. lie
has only power to nominate, and, after the
Senate shall have given its eonsent, to appoint.
This is the extent of power, so far as the
officers named are concerned, while the Senate
is in session. Daring the recess of the Senate
he can fill any " vacancy that may happen by
granting commissions which shall expire at the
end of the next session." I take this provis-
ion of the Constitution to be conclusive that
its framers did not intend to give the President
the power either to ereate a vacancy by removal
or to make a permanent appointment. During
the recess of the Senate the President has
power only to grant temporary commissions,
limited in their duration to a time within
which the Senate would have an opportunity to
decide whether a permanent appointment
should be made ; thus keeping the whole power
of permanent appointments within the control
of the Senate. Does any one suppose that it was
intended to give the President absolute power
of appointment during the session when it was
expressly prohibited during the recess?
Mr. Johnson has violated these plain provis-
ions ; first, by attempting to remove Mr. Stan-
ton a.nd_ creating a vacancy ; and secondly, by
appointing General Thomas, without the con-
sent of the Senate when that body was in session,
neither of which he had any authority to do.
" He shall nominate, and by and. -with the adviec
ana consen t ot the Senate shall appoint, embassadors,
other public ministers and consuls, judges of the Su-
premo Court, and all other officers of the United
States."
The Secretary of War is an " officer of the
United States," and, by the plain terms of the
Constitution, is to be appointed with the con-
sent of the Senate, and in no other way. The
Constitution confers no power of appointment
upon the President except through the Senate,
as follows:
" Congress may bylaw vest the appointment ofsueh
inferior Officers as theymay think proserin the Presi-
dent alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads of
the Departments."
The Secretary of War is not an " inferior of'
fieer," and the Senate cannot, if it desires,
clothe the President with absolute power to ap-
point such an officer. It can only " vest the
appointrnentof inferior officers " in the Execu-
tive.
The tenure-of-offi.ee act seeks to give
practical effect to the spirit of that clause of
the Constitution already quoted, a part of the
law being simply a reenactment of its provis-
ions. The first section of this act reads as
follows:
, "Be it enacted by the Senateand House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That every person holding any civil ofiieo to
which ho has been appointed by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, and every person who
shall hereafter be appointed to any such office, and
shall become duly qualified to act therein, is and
shall bo entitled to hold such office until a successor
shall havo been in like manner appointed and duly
qualified, except as herein otherwise provided: Pro-
vided, That the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury,
of War, of tho Wavy, and of tho Interior, tho Post-
master General, and the Attorney General phallhold
their office's respectively for And during tho term of
the President by whom they may have been ap-
pointed, and for ono month thereafter, subject to
removal by and with the advice and consent of tho
Senate."
Nothing is plainer than that under this sec-
tion an officer who has been appointed " with
the advice and consent of the Senate " cannot
be removed without "the advice and consent
of the Senate." But it is contended that the
proviso so modifies the first part of the section
as to allow Mr. Johnson to remove such of his
Cabinet officers as have not been appointed by
him without consulting the Senate. The offi-
cers named in the proviso may hold their offices
" during the term of the President by whom
they may have been appointed, and for one
month thereafter." The word "term," asliere
used, evidently has reference to the time for
which the President is elected. The President
is elected for a term of four years, and, of
course, the term for which he is elected does
not expire until the end of four years from his
inauguration. Mr. Lincoln was elected for a
term of four years from the 4th of March, 1865,
and, though he has ceased to perform the duties
of the office, the "term" for which he was
elected will not expire until the 4th of March,
1869. Pouryears are apresidential term. No
presidential term less than four years is recog-
nized by the Constitution or the laws. Mr.
Johnson is now serving not his own term, but
the unexpired portion of Mr. Lincoln's term.
If I am correct in this statement, the term for
which Mr. Stanton was appointed will not ex-
pire until the 4th of March, 1809, and by the
terms of the act under consideration he is en-
titled to hold his office " for one month there-
after, subject to removal by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate," but in no
other way.
That the proviso was not intended to give the
President power to remove his Cabinet minis-
ters is apparent, when we remember that its
object was to restrict, not to enlarge, the powers
of removal given in the first part of the section;
and that the bill was violently opposed both in
this House and the Senate, because that under
it the President could not remove his Cabinet
officers unless the Senate should concur. And
the President himself, in whose behalf this in-
terpretation is set up, took the same view of
the act. In his message vetoing the bill, he
said:
"In effect the bill provides that the Presidentshall
not remove from their places any of the civil officers
whose terms of service aro not limited by law with-
out the advicc and conscnt of the Senate."
As late as August, and again in December
last, the President himself recognized the bind-
ing force of this act in suspending Mr. Stanton
under it and proceeding in exact conformity
with the forms prescribed. This interpretation
of the act, now for the first time set up to jus-
tify the President in his flagrant violation of
the law, is an afterthought, and without the
least grounds of support. There is little doubt
that the President when he vetoed the bill had
Mr. Stanton, whom he and his friends had been
endeavoring to " smoke out" of the Cabinet,
especially in his mind as one of the men that
he would be expressly forbidden to remove if
that act should become a law, and that this
increased his opposition to the measure.^ The
Other sections of the act applicable to this case
are as follows:
"Sue. 5. A?idbeit further enacted,Th&t.if any person
shall, contrary to the provisions of this act, accept
any appointment to or employment in any office, or
shall hold or oxercise, or attemptto hold or exercise,
any such office or employment, ho shall he deemed,
and is hereby declared, to be, guilty of u high misde-
meanor, and, upon trial and conviction thereof, he
shall be punished therefor by a fine not exceeding
$10,000, or by imprisonment not exceeding five years,
or both said punishments, in the discretion of tho
court.
" Sec. 6. Andbeitfurt her enacted. That every removal,
appointment, or employment made, had. or exer-
cised, contrary to the piovisions of this act, and tho
making, signing, sealing, countersigning, or issuing
of any commission or letter of authority for or in
respect to any such appointment or employment,
shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be, high
misdemeanors, and upon trial andconviction thereof
evory person guilty tbereofshall be punished by afino
not exceedingS10,000, or by imprisonment not exceed-
ing five years, ot both said punishments, in the dis-
cretion of tho court: Provided, That tho President
shall htivo power to make out and deliver, after tho
adjournment of tho Senate, commissions for all offi-
cers whoso appointment shall have been advised and
consented to by the Senate."
The President's shameful attempt to induce
General Grant to violate this act and become
liable under this fifth section, by promising to
suffer himself vicariously its fines and penal-
ties, is too fresh in the minds of the people to
need more than a passing notice. I gFeatly fear
the President lias already more sins of his own
than he will be able to atone for, without making
any contracts to suffer vicarious atonement for
others. Certain it is that if he has many pledges
of this kind it will be an act of great mercy
to remove him from the scenes of his present
temptations before the accumulation of his own
political sins become any greater.
Mr. Johnson bad suspended Mr. Stanton
and had sent to the Senate his reasons therefor,
according to the provisions of the act under
consideration and by law. "If the Senate shall
refuse to concur in such suspension, such offi-
cer so suspended shall forthwith resume the
functions of his office." No language could
be plainer. All the functions of the office from
which Mr. Stanton had been suspended were
restored to him when the Senate refused to
concur in the suspension, and he became
"forthwith" Secretary of War with all the
rights belonging to the office, and the Presi-
dent had no more right to prevent his return to
office by the appointment of- General Grant,
General Thomas, or any other man, than he
would have to send either of those men to the
office of Mr. Seward or Mr. McCulloch to take
possession of the places occupied by the rightful
incumbents. Itis therefore plain that the Presi-
dent is guilty not only of conspiring to keep Mr.
Stanton out of the office to which he was en-
titled by law, but of endeavoring to involve
General Grant in the conspiracy, as well as to
make him liable under the tenure-of-office act
to "a fine not exceeding $10,000, or by im-
prisonment not exceeding five years, or both."
The sixth section provides, with remarkable
clearness, for the punishment of just such
offenses as the President has been guilty of.
He lias attempted to remove Mr. Stanton " con-
trary to the provisions of this act." He has
appointed a man to fill his place in defiance of'
law. He has issued a "letter of authority'-'
to one Lorenzo Thomas without law, and in
violation of its express provisions. These acts
arc declared by the law to be "high misde-
meanors," and " high misdemeanors'' are not
only punishable under the law " by a fine not
exceeding $10,000 or ljyimprisonment not ex-
ceeding five years, or by both," but, under the
Constitution, ihoy render the perpetrator liable
to impeachment am! removal from office, aud
disqualification to hold nnv office of honor,
