ms
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 7,
$8,600 in gold which he thus loaned to the Gov-
ernment. At the maturity of his Government
paper if he had received payment in gold he
• could have purchased $20,000 of these five-
twenties for his $8,000. But he was required
* to receive greenbacks, his whole payment
amounting only to $3,200 in- coin. This is a
specimen of the financial morality which was
justified by those who characterize us as repu-
diators for proposing to pay bonds purchased
with legal tenders in the same coin. If this is
bad faith in what language shall we describe
their action ? With such examples before us
what marvel is it that men less exalted should
have their sense of honor blunted? They paid
gold obligations in depreciated currency, while
we only propose to pay currency obligations in
greatly appreciated currency. I appeal for
justification of my course to my constituents.
If the present Congress shall authorize (and
I hope it will) the issue of $-515,000,000 of
Treasury certificates, receivable at parfortaxes
and Government dues, and made a lawful
tender, and issue them for the express purpose
of redeeming that amount of bonds, now re-
deemable, or any others in the future, not pay-
able in gold, it will certainly be no greater
breach of faith, or to any greater extent im-
pair the obligation of eontracts than what has
already been done. I commend and defend
the action of a former Congress in declaring
" greenbacks" money, and in making them a
legal tender for the payment of all debts, pub-
lic and private. The policy, justice, and neces-
sity of the measure were tlien conceded. Con-
gress has the same right to issue a thousand,
fifteen hundred, or two thousasd million legal
tenders as it had to issue four hundred million.
To say it has no such right now is to deny it
then. But our bond-holding friends tell us we
were then at war, and it was justifiable as a war
measure! Granted; but what made it then
justifiable? The exigency of the times, the
imperative necessities of the Government. Is
nottbe Government, therefore, justified in seek-
ing the same remedy when its exigencies and
necessities demand'! Nay, is it not an imper-
ative duty to apply a thoroughly-tested and most
efficacious prescription ?
There is no bond-holder so obtuse as not to
understand that if there was any value in the
paper he exchanged for his bonds it was given
it by act of Congress, and that Congress can
now just as rightfully and lawfully authorize
whatever amount of additional legal tenders it
believes the good of the country requires.
Believing, as 1 do, that the emergencies of the
hour demand a repetition of this action I am
ready to defend the justice, equity, and policy
of a new issue of legal tenders.
Instead of the present form of promises to
pay money I would make them Treasury cer-
tificates, receivable in payment of all sums due
to the United States except customs duties, aud
a legal tender in payment of debts except when
by special contract payment is due in coin.
I would go further, and declare that from
thenceforth they should be deemed and held
to be the lawful money of the United States
until every currency bond had been paid or
funded in other bonds at a lower rate of inter-
est and subject to taxation as other property.
" Legal tenders" are the only paper money in
which I have the slightest confidence. They
are bills of credit issued on the faith of the
nation. Banking has been very properly and
tersely defined to be " borrowing money with-
out interest and without security and lending
money at a high rate of interest and on un-
doubted security." Legal tenders, like bauk
notes, are a loan from the people without inter-
est; but it is a loan to the people. They have
the whole people with the entire property of
the nation as security.
Some gentlemen would have ua believe that
ihe general stagnation of business, the derange-
ment of commerce, and the high price of the
necessaries of life, placing them beyond the
purchasing power of the masses, were all at-
tributable to a redundancy of currency. By
their mode of reasoning the way out of this
labyrinth of difficulties is to get back as soon
as possible to a specie standard, and to reach
that point by reducing the volume of the circu-
lating medium.
With becoming modesty we would suggest
that the nation is suffering from a contraction
of the circulation, from enormous taxation, an
internal revenue system which is a nursery for
all kinds of roguery and a nightmare upon all
industrial pursuits. Thia revenue system is so
adjusted that laborers, the wealth-producing
classes of society, are compelled to pay an
unjust proportion of taxes, while Government
bond-holders and all who live upon interest
and rents are to a great extent relieved from
this burden.
Retired capitalists, by their representatives,
would have the people believe that a further
increase of the currency would be disastrous.
It does not require a very thorough knowledge
of finance to understand that the interest of
the moneyed aristocracy lies in the direction of
contraction—not a contraction of their bonds,
but of the people's means of paying them. If
the volume of currency is reduced their secur-
ities appreciate, while with their incomes they
can purchase a much larger amount of labor
and its products. On the other hand, while
the price of labor and productio'n is diminished
one half, the taxes remain the same as before,
and as a necessary consequence the burdens
upon the sons of toil are doubled. The result
is a system of vassalage for the producers of
of wealth scarcely less intolerable than slavery
itself. If, with the diminished wages of labor,
the debt could be reduced in proportion, no in-
justice would be done the tax-payer. If our
interest-bearing debt was $2,000,000,000, and
the difference between legal tenders and gold
was forty per cent., and with the reduction of
the currency forty per cent, you diminish the
debt to $1,200,000,000, (or forty per cent.,)
no injustice would be done. The proposi-
tion is, however, in effect to make the debt
$2,800,000,000, and diminish in the same pro-
portion the people's ability to pay it. You
double the creditor's claim while you dimin-
ish the debtor's means of payment one half,
increasing the value of the fj^h man's dol-
lar and making the poor man's labor less
valuable.
This enormous debt was incurred upon a
paper coinage standard, and it must and will
be paid in the same coin in which it was con-
tracted ; and this conforms in all reepects to
the terms of the original contract. This prin-
ciple being recognized and affirmed by us, and
the revenue laws being revised and so adjusted
that capital and labor shall pay each its fair
proportion of taxes, and you will hear no mur-
murings or complainings by a loyal people of
the weight of the load they bear. Great as
have been the sacrifices, the gains are greater
than the losses, and the regeneration of the
Republic is worth all it has cost in treasure
and in blood.
When the interest-bearing debt has been
reduced, the people relieved of unequal taxa-
tion, and the whole country brought into a
normal condition, we may with propriety and
fairness propose a reduction in the volume of
the currency. The opposite course would be
the reenactment of the law of Pharaoh requir-
ing the children of Israel to make "the full
tale of brick without straw."
We have been retiring the greenbacks with
the money received from taxation instead of
reducing the interest-bearing indebtedness,
; with the delusive expectation that this policy
would bring us to a gold standard. We say
delusive, for the historical fact is that with all
. the contraction gold has steadily advanced in
! the temples of the money-changers—the gold-
gambling dens of Wall street. But it will be
said that "the contraction of four millions per
month could have no sensible effect either
upon the gold market or the general business
of the country." Has that been the extent of
the contraction? If I can read and under-
stand figures, there has been a much larger
reduction of the circulating medium, and one
large enough to account in some measure for
the general prostration of business and the
paralysis of the industrial interests of the
country.
By the last report of the Secretary of the
Treasury wc learn th;>t on the 31st day of
August, A. D. 1865, the outstanding currency
of the United States (except the fractional)
was $084,138,959. This, of course, embraced
the five per cent, and compound-interest notes
which were in circulation as currency or were
held by the banks as reserves for the redemp-
tion of their notes—in the latter case perform
ing the office of currency. On the 30th day of
June, I860, the amount outstanding was $559,-
903,508, or a reduction of legal tenders in ten
months of $134,235,451. On the 1st day of
November, 1887, the currency amounted to
$429,039,844, or a reduction in sixteen months
of $180,863,664. Thus, while the area of cir-
culation has been greatly enlarged, the diver-
sified industries of the country multiplied, and
great enterprises undertaken, (such as building
a highway of commerce to the Pacific ocean)
—all requiring an increase of the circulating
medium—the currency of the people has been
contracted in two years and two months from
$684,138,959 to $429,039,844, or a reduc-
tion of $255,099,165, or within a fraction of
ten millions per month !
It must be borne in mind in this connection
that the interest-bearing debt has not been
lessened by this reduction. A considerable
part of this withdrawn currency has been con-
verted into six per cent, gold interest-bear-
ing bonds. In the meantime, the army of tax
gatherers, revenue agents, and Government
spies has been largely increased. The object
of this increase was to prevent frauds and
secure the payment of taxes, while the result
has been the multiplication of frauds, the
debauching of the public morals, and convert-
ing honest men into rogues by overpowering
temptation. The amount of compensation of
a large number of these detectives and revenue
agents depends upon the number and extent
of the frauds they can devise. They become
confederates with the thieves which they are
appointed to detect. It is no wonder that with
all the contraction gold, which has become a
mere matter of merchandise, should advance.
The Treasury is well supplied with hard money
now from import duties, but how long will this
be the case if the present policy is pursued?
WThen you have no more bonds to send to
Europe upon which to raise gold, and when
the accumulation of these interest-bearing obli-
gations shall be so great in Europe as to ex-
haust our gold product, I would like to know
how you will pay the gold interest on your debt,
much less the principal in coin. We must raise
something to sell besides bonds or we will find
ourselves hopelessly bankrupt. We must diver-
sify and stimulate the productive industries of
the country and make it more to the interest
of the people to farm- " Uncle Sam's" broad
acres than his bonds.
That there are small inducements to cultivate
the soil let me give you an actual illustration
from real life. A farmer in the West in 1861
owned two farms of three hundred and twenty
acres each of about equal value. He sold one
of them for $9,600 in gold. He soon after con-
verted his coin into legal tenders, and these
into bonds, purchasingto the amount of $20,000.
He has received his gold interest semi-annually,
converted it into greenbacks at an average of
forty per cent., aud loaned them to his neigh-
bors on mortgage security at ten per cent, per
annum. If he continues the process to the end
of five years when the bonds are redeemable,
he will have as follows:
Principal .* $20,000
Profits on investment    10,565
Proceeds of farm -  80>j 65
Deduct cost of bonds  J.oOO
Net gain in five years 820,965
