1752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
tions after very careful examination. I saw
very good reason during the war why we should
increase them, as we did, up to the sum we
then appropriated. Now, undoubtedly, we
should fall back to something like the old rates
before the war; but why should we fall back to
half of the sum that was appropriated before
the war, when the expenses connected with
these offices certainly cannot; be less than they
were then? It seems to me it is very unreason-
able, and that there is no ground for it. I
think my friends upon the Committee on Ap-
propriations have rather drawn a bow at a
venture without thoroughly investigating the
matter, as might easily have been done at the
State Department, and the items obtained.
I dp not think there is any very good reason
to complain of those who make the estimates
that they have not sent items here. That never
has been customary. We call upon them for
an estimate of the amount of the appropria-
tions that they wish for all objects; aud I do
not know that we have ever gone any further
than to require that the object for which a sum
of money was wanted, the general purpose, the
particular use to which they wished it appro-
priated, should bo specifically pointed out.
That is for the protection of the Treasury and
to avoid the exercise of too large a discretion
in the expenditure of money. But it has never
been required that there should be a detail of
the particular application to Which every cent
shall be devoted. My friend and colleague,
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, stated that all that committee had was
a lump. That is all that is ever given. Then,
if you want specific information and are in
doubt whether a particular sum is not too
much, you call for an explanation of it. .If
you compel the Departments in sending in
estimates of appropriations to specify all the
items and objects, you would have every year
several large octavo volumes containing the
items of the accounts, which arc never given,
because it is supposed to be unnecessary.
In the first place you are compelled to a cer-
tain extent — I think it is a sort of courtesy
wo owe to each other—to believe that a high
officer of the Government does not mean to
expend the money of the Government un-
necessarily ; that he will confine it to the pur-
pose for which it is intended ; but il' you have
any doubt upon that subject it is easy for a
committee to satisfy itself by calling for a more
particular and minute designation of what goes
to make up those particular expenses.
I know, sir, for I was on the Committee on
Finance, that before the war Congress was
always very close and careful in appropriations.
Our southern friends made it a rule to be very
specific. Mr. Hunter, the former chairman of
the committee, was very particular, because it
was his objcct always to cut down appro-
priations to the very lowest point, in order to
take away all possible excuse for increasing
the duties, or to got some ground upon which
he could reduce tliem, holding that we should
raise no more than was absolutely necessary,
aud the lower he could get them the less pro-
tection there would be to home industry. That
was the principle, and everything was cut
down to the lowest point as a general rule.
Now, sir, if you. look back of the war you
will see that the amount appropriated every
year for contingent expenses of foreign inter-
course and for contingent expenses of our
missions abroad was double what it is in this
bill, and more than double as a general rule.
I do not think we can possibly, in these times,
ga back of that to any considerable extent
with safety.
I would suggest, therefore, that the Com-
mittee on Appropriations place these items
as they have always been. They have always
been kept separate heretofore. If they insist on
appropriating but $20,000 let them put $10,000
to each item and not put both under one head,
which would introduce a new system of keep-
ing the accounts. The things are separate in
their nature. I think in this amendment they
make a very great mistake, and the result .of
it will be that we shall be called upon during
the session to provide for a deficie.ncy in an-
ticipation.
It is, of course, a matter in which I feel no
more interest than any other member. I wish
to say, however, because it seems to be the
fashion of the time that everybody should say
it, and for fear that I may be suspected of
being an extravagant man I will put it in here,
and I want everybody that hears me and the
whole country to understand, that I am for
economy, because everybody must say that,
or else I do not know what will be his fate;
but still, while I am for economy, I am for
carrying 011 the Government in a decent and
respectable way.
Mr. BUCKALEW. By rejecting this par-
ticular amendment of the committee we shall
have the two items kept separate as they have
been heretofore in our appropriation bills, and
as they ought to be, in my opinion. The rejec-
tion of the present amendment will leave the
appropriation for contingencies of legations
standing at $30,000. If that be too high we
can afterward amend the amount; but the
amendment of the committee is to insert an
appropriation for another and different object
into this clause, and blend the two together;
whereas the accounts at the Department, I
understand, are kept separate, and our appro-
priations heretofore have been distinct. I
think we ought, therefore, to reject the pres-
ent amendment of the committee, whatever we
ma.y think as to the question of the amount to
be appropriated.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand that this
amount of $20,000 is intended, besides other
things, to cover the stationery furnished to the
legations. I should not suppose that amount
would furnish that item alone. I should not
think that all the foreign legations of this
country could be supplied with stationery for
$20,000 a year.
Mr. MOitllILL, of Maine. This has nothing
to do with that.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand from the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions that it does include that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not so un-
derstand it. I should like to call the attention
of the Senate for a moment to the condition of
this question. The bill as it comes from the
other House appropriates " for contingent ex-
penses of all the missions abroad, $50,000."
Our committee propose to amend that so as to
make it read : "for contingent expenses of all
the missions abroad and of foreign intercourse,
$20,000." Then there is a separate item in
the House bill appropriating $30,000 for con-
tingent expenses of foreign intercourse. If
the Senate desire to reach a practical point
they will divide the question. As I understand
my colleague he thinks the two items ought not
to be embraced together. If so, the question
ought to be divided, so that we may vote first on
leaving out the words "and of foreign inter-
course" in the first clause.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us take the vote
first on the first amendment, whic.h is to insert
in the first clause the words "and of foreign
intercourse." If that be rejected, then the
question will come on reducing the appropria-
tion from $50,000 to $20,000.
The PRESIDENT pro Umpore. Theques-
tion will be divided at the suggestion of Sen-
ators. The first question, therefore, is on
inserting after the word "abroad" in line
thirty-one the words "and of foreign inter-
course." Are the yeas and nays demanded on
this branch of the amendment as divided?
[No, no.]
Mr. CON NESS. Where does this amend-
ment come from? From the committee?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. From the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee them-
selves are not in favor of it now.
O11 a division, the first branch of the amend-
ment was rejected—ayes IS, noes 15.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. . The ques-
tion now is on the second branch of the amend-
ment.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will moye to amend
the amendment of the,committee by inserting
" $40,000" instead of " $20,000." That .will
be precisely the amount in the apprppriatiou
act of 1801.
On a division, there were—ayes 10, noes 13;
no quorum voting.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas andnays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I_ have heard it stated
here that this appropriation was for the purpose
of supplying foreign ministers with stationery
and other articles necessary for their outfit. I
should like to know why the State Department
cannot make an estimate of what it needs in
this respect like the other Departments. Why
are we called upon here to make an appropri-
ation for such purposes in total ignorance ?
No member of the Senate seems to know any-
thing about thi® matter ; but one Senator sup-
poses the money is to be applied for one pur-
pose and another member supposes that it is
to be applied for another purpose; and it has
been suggested that there is a large item of sta-
tionery embraced in this appropriation. I do
not deny that it may be nccessary for the State
Department to have possession of a secret ser-
vice fund, and that it would not be proper for
the State Department to expose the uses to
which that fund is applied or the persons to
whom the money is paid ; but further than that,
I can see no necessity for so much secrecy in
connection with the State Department. If they
want $20,000 worth of stationery to enable the
Department to transact their business, why do
they not say so to the Senate, and then we
shall know something about it, and I presume
there would be 110 objection on the part of the
Senate to appropriating the necessary amount
of money. But there is no certainty that this
is for stationery; thcrS is no certainty that it
is for any particular purpose, but it is to be put
into the hands of the State Department to be
used for some indefinite and unknown purpose.
Until the State Department can condescend to
communicate to Congress some information on
the subject I am for putting down this amount
to the lowest figure which will appeartobe rea-
sonable. If, at a subsequent time after this
appropriation bill is passed, in the judgment
of the Secretary of State a further appropria-
tion be necessary, and he furnishes Congress
with the reasons for adding to this appropria-
tion, then I shall be willing to add in the next
appropriation bill something to this amount;
but until that time, so long as we are kept in
the dark, I think we ought to be careful how
we jump in the dark, and not appropriate more
than appears to be reasonable for the purposes
of that Department
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to make an
explanation. It has been suggested by the
Senator from Pennsylvania that I am mistaken
in regard to the loss on exchange. I do no;
know but that I am. On looking at the bill
further, I notice that with reference to the
salaries of ministers the sum is stated, $286,000;
nothing is said about exchange; and then he-
gins a new sentence for the consuls; so that
the loss of exchange with regard to the con-
suls is on the paper pay.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. They are paid
in gold. All the ministers are paid in gold
8fbr0(id
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know whether
there is any exchange or not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There is no
such thing as exchange. They are paid in the
currency of the country where they are, aud
the exchange is for their benefit.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How much does it cost
to get the gold there? They draw for their
salaries. For instance, take onr minister to
China. He draws for his salary somewhere.
They get gold. How does he sell his bills?
Mr. GRIMES. He sells his bill on New
York and has to pay the discount.
