TffiB- CQNGB1SSI01MI/.
see
had skulked away from the draft, 'concealing
themselves in Canada or some distant part of
the country, come back, the battle on our side
might be won even without a fight. Therefore
the act of 18(55 vyas passed. It was an imploring
pleadingactrathectnaua denunciatory one. It
promised to those men pardon if they would re-
turn. ltpromised them bounties, pensions, aud
houor in the future, while th'ey were informed
by the press of the country that if they did re-
turn they probably might never be exposed in a
single, battle, that the rebellion would be ended
and the Union Army victorious. Those men
who refused did so in part because they claimed
this law was unconstitutional. The cry of
Unconstitutionality was first raised in this Hall.
We had no right, it was said, under such a law
to induce deserters to return. The law was
denounced before the country. Everybody who
thought the war was wrong in the beginning, or
that it was a failure, or that it would be a fail-
ure, and that it was useless to undertake any-
thing further for the preservation of the Union,
denounced this law and recommended the peo-
ple everywhere to disregard it. The evidence
shows that in Pike township they did disregard
it. They were to settle the constitutional ques-
tions that nobody but the Supreme Court is
, authorized to settle, which this House cannot
settle. They put upon this board a man who
was obnoxious to this law ; and to show their
disregard of it they allowed eleven persons, dis-
quahlied by reason of desertion, to vote in that
very precinct, and then, ia making the return
which the law required them to make, in that
township, instead of certifying that the votes
were cast by electors, they omitted that por-
tion. This might have been by accident or
cunning, hut the omission was made. They
changed the certificate which was sent out in
blank to every township and which the law
requires, that these men were electors under
the laws of Ohio, and simply certified to the
number of votes. I suppose that that itself
—the deficiency of the certificate—is sufficient,
perhaps, to reject the return from that town-
ship ; but I prefer to rely mainly upon the law
as settled in the case of Jackson vs. Wayne.
Mr. Speaker, I have now said all I intend to
say, at least for the present, about the four
leading differences between the majority and
the minority of the committee. But before I
sit down, it may be proper to say that there
were some other matters about which there
may be a difference of opinion in this House,
although the committee have agreed upon
them.
The contestant claimed that there was a con-
certed plan all over his district to defraud him
out of some portion of his votes by exchanging
the votes put in the ballot-box for him for
others in favor of the sitting member. His
evidence shows us that in the township of
Clinton there was a fraud of forty-six votes,
and so clear-and satisfactory was the evidence
upon that subject that the minority of the com-
mittee have agreed with the majority in making
the deduction. In the township of Monroe
there was a similar fraud to the number of
twenty votes, and on that, too, the minority
agree with the majority in making the deduc-
tion. In Jefferson county one of the judges
was detected in exchanging three votes and
then the exchange ceased after that. How far
it would have gone but for the vigilance of the
friends of the contestant we do not know. The
contestant claims that the returns of all these
townships should be rejected because he has
proved these frauds, and he claims that there
is a strong probability that others were perpe-
trated. The majority and the minority have
concurred in retaining the returns from these
townships, but making the corrections so far
as the proof went, if they had been rejected
and the township of Pike counted for the sitting
member the result would have been the same
as if the township of Pike was rejected and
these counted. There were many other charges
and allegations on both sides, but I will not
weary the House by alluding to them at this
time.
• MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President, by Mr. Wil-
liam G. Moore, his Private Secretary, informed
the House that the act (H. R. No. 1045) mak-
ing appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the execution of the recon-
struction laws in the third military district, for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1868, having
been received by the President on the 19th of
May, 1868, and not having been returned by
him to the House within ten days, had become
a law under the Constitution of the United
States.
MESSAGE FROM THIS SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hamlin, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had passed House joint
resolution No. 278, to supply books and public
documents to the national asylums for disabled
volunteer soldiers, with amendments, in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (S. No. 481) to confirm the title
to certain lands in the State of Nebraska, in
which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
REPRESENTATION OF ARKANSAS.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsyl-
vania, by unanimous consent, the bill (H. R.
No. 1039) to admit the State of Arkansas to
representation in Congress, returned from the
Senate with amendments, was taken from the
Speaker'stable, and referred to theCommi"
on Reconstruction.
ELECTION CONTEST DELANO VS. MORGAN.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I wish to say that it has
been four months since this ease was argued
before the Committee of Elections. The last
argument was on the 3d of February, and it
will be four months to-morrow. 1 intend, if
possible, to get a vote upon this case to-day.
It had occurred to me that two hours on each
side would perhaps he as long as the House
would listen, and unless gentlemen are more
fortunate in obtaining the attention of the
House than I have been, a great Qoal longer.
Perhaps that will be enough time ; at any rate,
I design to get a vote on the case to-day if
possible.
Mr. KERR. On that point I desire to say
one word before I proceed, and that is merely
to suggest that after what the gentleman has
said in hisopeningremarkswith reference to the
character of this case, that suggestion comes
with singular inconsistency from him. Thecase
involves nearly two thousand pages of printed
matter which has required the examination of
the committee, and now is brought for the first
time before the House for its consideration,
and it is simply impossible for any human
being, no matter what may be the degree of
his intelligence or intellectual powers, to dis-
pose of and do justice to it in four hours or four
days. It is indecent haste to attempt to require
any such thing to be done in four hours.
I desire now to offer the resolution which I
send to the Clerk's desk as a substitute forthe
resolutions presented by the majority of the
committee.
The Clerk read as follows :
Rw>hv'.<l, That Gk.okg m W. Morgan' was duly elect-
ed, and is entitled to retain his seat in theFortieth
Congress, from the thirteenth congressional district of
Oiiio.
Mr. KERR. This ease, in nearly all of its
essential features, is an exceedingly important
one, and I think I may say it is an unprece-
dented case in this House. The questions
of law and the questions of fact which are
involved in this record are not only numerous,
but they are intrinsically important and exceed-
ingly interesting. They are of such a character
that I submit it does not become gentlemen
here, acting as judges, even to attempt to give
to, them anything less than the most careful,
deliberate, and full consideration.
Mr. Speaker, the labor which has been
imposed upon tie Committee of Elections by
this case can scarcely be described to this
House so that it shall be folly appreciated.
The labor that was involved in the preparation
by myself of the report of the minority was
greater than I ever before bestowed upon any
case, whether before this House or before any
of the civil courts of the country.
I beg leave, in this connection, to remark
that when I came to read the report of the
majority, I must confess to some degree of
surprise that it has undertaken to give this"en-
tire record so imperfect an examination, so
imperfect an analysis, as that I say to eyery
honorable gentleman of this House it is sim-
ply impossible from this report of the majority
for any gentleman to understand this case ; he
cannot do it; he must go somewhere else.
And that report does not even tell you where
yon can go for the evidence. Many of the
most essential principles involved in the case
are not considered at all by the majority. Why
this is so, it is not for me to say; that, it is so,
1 need only to invite gentlemen to look at these
two reports that they may see the fact.
Now, what stands at the very door of this
investigation? What is the first question that
challenges the attention of the committee, and
should now engage the attention of this House?
It is this, and it is preliminary to every other
question ; whether the honorable contestant
here, by .his proceedings which antedated thfe
commelicement of the testimony in this casef
has so made up his record that he is author-
ized to come here at all? I want honorable
ntlemen to answer to themselves whether
the notices that were served upon the sitting
member by the contestant are, in point of law,
worth the paper on which they were written.
The honorable gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Scofield,] my colleague on the Com-
mittee of Elections, in speaking of another
matter involved in this case, did himself the
credit to say, (and it was refreshing to hear it
from him,) that it did not, become Congress to
override any law of the United States which
had been solemnly enacted and had received
the executive sanction.
But what does the House undertake to do it>
this case"? In the very inception of the ease it
undertakes to override a law of Congress made
expressly for the government of this House.
'That law says:
"■Whenever any person shall intend to contest an
election of any member of the llowse i>t Representa-
tives of the United States, he shall, within thirty
days after the result of such electionshaU have been
determined by the otficersor board of canva-sers
authorized by law to determine the same, give nctiee
in writing to the member wbose seat he dei-igns to
contest of his intention to contest tne same, and in
such notice shall speeity particularly the grounds
upon which ho relies in the contest."—! BrioU!ey's
Viuest, 284.
That is the law for this House; that is a law
of this country as solemnly enacted as any
other law on our statute-boo'k ; yet that law is
deliberately overridden, first by the contestant
and then by the committee. \\ hat is the object
of that law? Need I say to gentlemen lic-re
who are members of the profession of the law
that the object of this kind of a law is here, as
in the courts of justice, to narrow, to circum-
scribe, to limit as much as possible the seooe
and reach of the issues to be determined by the
House on final adjudication of thecase? This
object is a good one, it is a ju^t one; it is
indispensable toadhere to it in order to facilitate
the administration of justice and to facilitate
the disposition of cases. And it is important
to the parties that obedience shall be given to
this law in order that controversies shall not
be interminable, and to the end that they shall
not he so expe-nsive to the parties by reason
of the unnecessary and iuiproperlatitude which
shall be given to them as to ruiti parties who-
may attempt to prosecute contests like this.
Now, I say that in view of the precedents in
this House, tlie notices served by the contest-
ant on the sitting member in tins ea~e do not
comply with the rcijiusitjoiis of this law of
Congress; and.I invite attention to the only
