1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1753
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Govern-
ment always pays it.
Mr. FESSKNDEN. The Government al-
ways pay it, of course. It is so much that it
costs to get the salary in those places. So that
I am very much inclined to believe that these
items do cover the loss of exchange that there
may be on the salaries of ministers. My friend
from Oregon says that the difficulty about this
is that nobody knows anything about it. I
really profess to know a little something about
it. He ought to know something about it. He
has been a long time on the Committee on
Finance where we considered these very ques-
tions. Now, sir, he has got the wrong item in
speaking of the question of secret service. It
comes into the next item "for contingent
expenses of foreign intercourse;" it is not in
this one, "for contingent expenses of all the
missions abroad;" so that his remarks in re-
gard to that do not apply to this4tem at all. I
do not believe that the Department can get
along for a less sum than was appropriated for
these purposes before the war, because, then,
I think the appropriations were cut down to the
!owest notch. But if the Senate insist upon
this reduction, I have no objection of course ;
I shall not vote for it myself.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will add one word at
the peril of being thought pertinacious about
a thing which, in opposition to the opinion of
the Senator from Oregon, I will say I think I
understand. This account of contingencies of
legations which is made up by every foreign
minister and transmitted quarterly to the State
Department is an account about which there
need be no difficulty and no dispute. It covers
the item of loss upon exchange in the payment
of the minister's salary, or of so much of it as he
draws and expends in the foreign country. It
includes the outlay of the legation for all sta-
tionerjrpurcliased and used by it in the foreign
country. It includes all outlays for inland and
ocean postage in the foreign country. Those
are the three main items.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will ask the Senator if
there is any reason why some statement should
not be made by the State Department to Con-
gress showing the necessity of an appropria-
tion to pay such expenses?
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to say it has been
made. Here it is if the Senator will only read
it, made long ago, and it is always at the call
of a Senator. There is no secrecy about it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. And upon that esti-
mate the House voted the sum of §50,000.
This is the fact with regard to this item. Now,
let me call the attention of the Senate to the
facts as to the amount, in 1860 and in prior
years the drafts of the foreign minister in a
foreign country were at a higher rate of credit
than they are now. The result was that he
received more of American coin, or the equiv-
alent of American coin, in a foreigu country
on a bill. There was but a very little item of
loss npon exchange, and this appropriation
might, therefore, be comparatively small. But
since our Government credit has fallen below
the coin standard in the foreign country, when
the minister sells his bill drawn upon the
Department of State to be paid here in the
currency of this country he gets but a small
amount comparatively of coin for it. The
amount which he actually receives of coin in
the foreign country is charged upon these bills,
and then, of coarse, in settling the account
there is an item for the difference, and it passes
into the account which is covered by this appro-
priation. Now, the members of the Senate are
not striking at any point of economy at all.
These accounts will be made out and will be
settled precisely as they now are by a compe-
tent officer in the State Department assigned
to that particular duty whether this appropria-
tion is made or not. If you do not vote the
necessary amount to cover it you have got to
vote it in a deficiency bill. That is the whole
of this question.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the chairman of the
committee will modify this amendment, and
that we shall appropriate the same amount
that we appropriated in 1800-61 before the
war—whatever it was. Let us take that same
sum._ We ought to get back to our early ex-
penditures wherever we can. I have no dioubt
it can be done in this manner. I suggest to
him to make that modification.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senate
having rejected the first amendment of the
committee, which was to include the contin-
gent expenses of foreign intercourse with the
contingent expenses of the missions abroad,
the proposition now is to adopt the amendment
of the committee proposing $20,000 instead of
$50,000, so that the clause will read : •
For contingent expenses of all the missions abroad,
$20,000.
If it is the pleasure of the Senate to adopt
that, then the next proposition will be : " For
contingent expenses of foreign intercourse,
$30,000," in the language of the bill as it came
from the House of Representatives. If the
Senate should adopt that we should then have
$50,000 for these two items.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand now that the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
gives his assent to adopting the same sum that
was appropriated by Congress in 1859-60; that
is, $30,000 for contingent expenses of foreign
intercourse, and $20,000 for contingent ex-
penses of all the missions abroad.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes; I have no
objection to that.
Mr. GRIMES. That I think will be satis-
factory to all parties, and settle this question
without further debate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask that the
question as now before the Senate may be
reported.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was in line thirty-two to strike out "fifty" and
insert "twenty;" so that the clause will read:
For contingent expenses of allthe missions abroad,
$20,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now, I wish to
say that if that is adopted then I shall not
object to the adoption of the following clause :
'•for contingent expenses of foreign inter-
course, $30,000," which will be in accord-
ance with the appropriation from the House.
Mr. GRIMES. That is what it was in 1860.
Mr. SUMNEll. Why should the amend-
ment be made? I have listened to all that
my excellent friend has said and I do not find
any reason. Is not the Senator striking in the
dark? He imagines that here is a field for
economy.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I thought my
honorable friend, if he will allow me to inter-
rupt him, expressed a willingness to go back
to the period anterior to the war.
Mr. SUMNER. I propose togo back to 1861.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This is the amount
that was appropriated in 1860-G1.
Mr. SUMNER. But I say 1801.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1881-02 was
during the war, when the expenses were largely
increased •
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator be kind
enough to show any reason for that? Is he
satisfied, or has he any evidence tending to
show that with the appropriation he proposes,
the foreign interests of our Government can bo
properly conducted ? Is not my friend striking
in the dark?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No further than
this, that it is difficult to conceive that the ex-
penses of foreign intercourse now are greater
than they were during the year 1860-61.
Mr. SUMNER. I think my friend is mis-
taken there. 1 think it is very easy to con-
ceive that they must be greater now than in
1860. Our foreign relations at this moment
are much more important, and I presume more
expensive than they were in 1860. The inter-
ests of our country abroad are greater, as our
name is greater. If the Senator will give any
reasons for the change he proposes, I for one
shall be ready to follow him. I am for econ-
omy. Let him strike for economy in every
direction; but do not let him strike in the dark;
do not let him injure an important branch of
the public service merely on some vague idea
of economy. Letushavea reason for what we
do; let us know that in instituting this econ-
omy we are not striking a blow at the public
interests instead of promoting anyjusteeonoray.
My friend, the Senator from Oregon, inquires
why are not we informed with regard to these
items? The Senate is informed with regard
to these items precisely as it is informed with
regard to the other items in this bill, with re-
gard to all the other items in every appropria-
tion bill. Look through all your appropriation
bills, your pension bill, your Indian bill, your
legislative bill, which is notyet before us; and
there is a succession of items with regard to
which the Senate has no specific information,
each item being compounded of many details.
But what does the Senate do? It has to act
on evidence furnished by those in the body
who have given some attention to the sub-
ject. On the subject of Indian affairs wc gladly
listen to Senators who have given great atten-
tion to that subject. On the general subject
of appropriations, of course, we are all glad, as
a general rule, to follow our friend, the Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Morrill;] but he will per-
mit me to say that I do think on this occasion
he has made a mistake ; that he is proposing a
change without any adequate reason, simply
on some general idea of economy. Now, the
general idea of economy we all concur in; it
is beautiful; but then 1 am for no such gen-
eral idea at the expense of my country. 1 am
sure that if the idea of the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Morrill] is carried out the public ser-
vice will seriously suffer. If the Senator from
Oregon [Mr. Williams] is anxious for further
information with regard to any of these items
let me tell him he can obtain it by a call at
the State Department, or by a call through
the Senate on the State Department, or by
communications with the committee. There
will be no disguise on any of these items;
everything will be disclosed to him ; the whole
matter is just as plain as any other item in any
other appropriation bill.
Mr. CONKLING. The honorable Senator*
from Massachusetts, who has just taken his seat,
is looking for something which he is not likely
to find. He is looking for something a great
deal harder to find than the philosopher's
stone, and that is some proposition for re-
trenchment to which nobody can make an an-
swer. And, sir, let me say with great defer-
ence that this amendment illustrates somewhat
curiously a rather remarkable fact. I think
almost any one within or without this body
may venture to affirm, in any presence, that
the time is now when a little regard to fru-
gality and accountability in the public service
isin order; and yet it has come to that, sir, that
in committee Senators cannot vote to reduce
items without provoking distinguished mem-
bers of this body to throw out flings by way of
sarcasm and satire upon the idea of economy;
and Senators say that, not to be out of fashion,
thsy will get up and go througli the ceremony
of saying that they, too, are for economy.
Mr. President-, ridicule is a very potent
weapon, and it may well be that a thing like
this, and every other proposition to economize,
may, one way or another, be " whistled down
the wind." One thing is too small, another
thing is too great, and everything can have
some sort of answer made to it; and there-
fore those who attempt to pursue, however
unostentatiously and however quietly, the idea
that some of these expenses ought to be cut
off may be perpetually exposed, first, to defeat
upon the vote, and second, to a line of remarks
carrying the idea that all this is a mere flourish
of trumpets, a mere figure of speech, a mere
thing which out of this body we should denom-
inate as demagogism. Very well, sir; lam
willing, for one, to sit down under whatever
share of this censure pertains to me. I never-
theless beg to say—and the only right I shall
ever insist upon in reference to it is the privi-
lege, when I think the occasion requires, of
assigning my reasons briefly and putting my
vote upon the record—I beg to say that I think
