1868.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
253
40th Cong. ..2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. Perham.
Ho. of Beps.
trust, or profit under the United States." I
submit this brief statement of a few of the facts
and the law applicable to the question before
ns, as I understand it, and challenge contra-
diction to the general correctness of my con-
clusions.
But, Mr. Chairman, the charges in the arti-
cles before us ipclude but a small portion of
the crimes of this man, which may properly be
presented to show his motives in the commis-
sion of the acts specifically charged. .
The danger is more in the spirit which tjiese
acts reveal than in the acts themselves. The
firing upon Sumter, considered apart from the
spirit that prompted it, would not have aroused
the people of this country as it did. But they
had seen for months the preparations that had
been made to break up the Government; they
had heard the threats of disunion, and recog-
nized in the firing of the first gun not only the
signal of war, but the terrible spirit that
prompted it. It was the revelation of the
wicked determination which lay back of and
inspired the overt act that aroused the people
to a sense of danger and made every loyal
heart beat in unison and nerved every patriot
arm for battle. So in this case the people
have looked on with anxious dread for the
last two years. They have noticed with fear
and trembling that the curses which the Presi-
dent was once wont to pour out upon rebels
were changed to words of commendation.
They had witnessed his efforts to install the
leaders of the "lost cause" in power and sub-
ject the Union men of the South to rebel domi-
nation. They had seen his shameful disregard
of all his promises made to them in his belter
days, and still they were not without hope that
he would cease his wicked purposes to some
extent, and that the balance of his political
life might be endured. But they have been
disappointed. His last acts have opened their
eyes to see the spirit that controls him and the
dark designs that lie back of and inspire these
acts. They are now fully aroused to a sense
of the danger that environs them, and with a
unanimity scarcely less than that which fol-
lowed the attack upon Sumter they demand
his removal; and as before the war prominent
northern Democrats assured the rebels that an
army would never be raised in the North to
subdue them, and that a battle must first be
fought at home, and talked about marching
over Democratic bayonets, &c., so now we hear
from the same men threats of terrible things the
Democrats of the country will do if the repre-
sentatives of the people dare to restrain Mr.
Johnson from the commission of further crimes
against the Government.
What deeds of darkness and usurpation Mr.
Johnson may have had in his purposes for the
past and future we may never know, and it is
perhaps better that they should not be revealed.
Certain it is that all his talk about making
himself "dictator" and "perpetuating his
power," and the question so significantly asked
by Mr. Seward, whether we would "have Mr.
Johnson for President or king," could not be
without some meaning.
In a speech delivered by Mr. Johnson on the
18th and 19th of December, 18u9, he said, " I
do riot differ with my southern friends, only as
to the mode of redress. I shall take other
grounds while I try to accomplish the same re-
sult." This was said just previous to the com-
mencement of hostilities. He did " take other
grounds" from those taken by his "southern
friends." How earnestly ho has tried "to ac-
complish the same result" that they endeav-
o.red to effect the country knows too well.
Our financial interest calls loudly for the re-
moval of the President. Property belonging
to the Government to the amount of many
millions has been illegally surrendered to par-
ties in the South, a part of which is said to
inure to his own personal benefit. Frauds
unprecedented in the history of the Govern-
ment are being perpetrated by officers that Mr.
Johnson and his subordinates are continuing
in office, and have refused to remove after due
notice of their crimes.
Ex-rebels from the confederate army, who
have been appointed to lucrative and respon-
sible offices, have been permitted to draw their
salaries without taking the oath required by
law. In this very large sums have illegally
been drawn from the Treasury.
No American citizen can contemplate the
frauds that are constantly being perpetrated
under the supervision and protection of corrupt
officials without a sense of shame and disgrace.
There is ho good business man in the country
who would not bo willing to pay the Govern-
ment $ 130, 000,000 annual ly, above a! 1 expenses,
for the privilege which it has under the law of
collecting the tax on spirits. There is little
doubt that the tax if honestly collected would
amountto very much more than the sum named.
The president of the convention of distillers,
held in this city in December last, stated that
not more than five cents, instead of two dol-
lars, per gallon have been collected. If this
gentleman is correct—and he has much better
opportunity to judge correctly than I—the sura
we are losing is much more than that I have
named. But allowing the lowest possible cal-
culation, the Government is cheated out of
$100,000,000 of revenue annually through
frauds of this description alone. We are in-
formed by the revenue officers that the frauds
in the manufacture of tobacco have been almost
equal to those in the manufacture of spirits.
Various measures have been devised from time
to time to prevent these frauds, but to no pur-
pose ; aud so long as corrupt officers, under
whose jurisdiction these frauds have been com- _
mitted, are continued no legislation can secure'
an honest collection of the revenue.
It was very unfortunate for the country thai
so many revenue officers were appointed dur-
ing the year 18GG, while the President was
turning his back upon the men who elected
him, and seeking to form a sort of mongrel
party, with such men from the Republicans
and Democrats as were willing to abandon their
political principles and rally to the "bread-
and-butter" standard. Many good men were
removed and their places filled with bad ones,
and but few of the new appointments were lit
to be made. The larger portion of those who
rushed eagerly and swiftly, like hungry buz-
zards, to the embrace and patronage of Mr.
Johnson in the summer and fall of that year
were men who had failed to receive what they
believed their services merited in the parties to
which they belonged, and who were willing to
sell their political principles and souls, too, for
the sake of the crumbs that fell from their
newly-chosen master's table; political weather-
cocks who had no convictions that they could
not easily waive for the sake of obtaining an
office or continuing in one already obtained.
These men, for nearly a year, literally
swarmed around the President, and while with
one breath they praised him as the greatest
statesman of the age, with the next they de-
manded the price of their devotion. A man
who will sell himself for a place will sell him-
self for gold when the offer is made. The
returns some of these men have made of the
production ofdislilleriesand otherbusiuessover
which they have been placed fully prove that
bribery is a principle to which they have become
thoroughly accustomed. In no other way can
the facts that are continually coming to light
be explained. The overtaxed people of the
country have been swindled out of from one
hundred to one hundred and fifty million dol-
lars, at the lowest calculation, within the last
year by these Johnson officials. I am con-
strained to believe that a straight-out Demo-
cratic Administration would have made better
appointments than these I refer to ; and I am
certain that the Republican party, to do its
worst, could not find in its ranks another in-
stallment of men so wanting in all the elements
that go to make up a good public officer as
those who went out from them to espouse the
cause of Andrew Johnson.
These remarks are not by any means to be
understood as applying to all the men who
hold official positions in the revenue depart-
ment. Very many good and true public offi-
cers appointed by Mr. Lincoln the President
has (thanks to an incorruptible Senate) been
unable to remove. It is also very probable
that Mr. Johnson has appointed some good
men, though it has not been my good fortune
to know many such. Once secure for the rev-
enue what we are now losing by these dishon-
est officials and we can relieve the people from
nearly all the burdens of internal taxation ex-
cept on spirits and tobacco. This result, how-
ever, cannot be accomplished while the Presi-
dentisallowedtoperpetuate, through his chosen
instruments, these disgraceful frauds.
Mr. Rollins, the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, has struggled hard to secure a faith-
ful execution of the law, but, with the men who
have been foiced upon him as revenue agents
and other officers, his efloits have been but
partially successful. Prom time to time he
has earnestly pleaded forsome action that would
remedy the evil, hut without success. I quote
a few extracts from his communications to the
Secretary of the Treasury, to show that the
attention of the Department had often been
called to the enormity of the frauds of which
we complain :
" The laws themselves, aud thcirconstruetion, with
rule*, regulations, ;in<1 instructions under them, are
of little protit if assessors and collectors lack either
integrity or ability. A tarnished reputation even is
a hmderanoe to success, and as much disqualifies a
man for either of these positions as for the pulpit or
the bench, lie, too, should only rcccive appoint-
ment who has won the confidence of his community
by fidelity m other places ot trust, and who will give
chaiaetertotheofliee, latherthan hp wlioseok-* piom-
iiieueo and impoitance through official position, and
whose principal claim is political service.
" Unworthy men of little ability may possibly an-
swer for other positions on the civil list where there
is less opportunity for fraudulent collusion without
detection, and where incompetency will not prove
such a terrible cost to the Treasury; but unless great
care is exercised in the appointments of which X am
speaking, tho administration of the revenue laws will
be a reproach, and the laws themselves will soon be-
come insufferable to the public, regardless of party.
"Frequent changes of oliicers I have always re-
garded as inconsistent with the successful adminis-
tration of the revenue laws, and because of this i
have deeply regretted tho many change-* of the last
two months, and cannotbuthope that with the vexed
political questions measurably concluded removals
and appointments may be substantially returned by
tho President to tho Ti*basury Department, where
alone they can be considered in connection with tho
good of the revenue." i:: ~ * * *
"In the collection of tho tax on distilled spirits
these frauds havo become so monstrous as to excite
serious aiaim, and unless they can be suppressed or
materially checked will still further reduce the rev-
enue and bring disgrace upon this office and upon the
Treasury Department." '* * * a *
" It is because of this that the many and often-
times repeated changes during tho past year have
prejudiced the revenue to the extent of many mil-
lion dollars. I speak of this, and in this connec-
tion, with a hope that those_ may be appointed to
place of the character I have indicated.''
"I neither ask nor expect the preferment of men
merely because they are Republicans. I ask nothing
at all, nor do I claim anything, from personal or po-
litical considerations, for I would, it possible, take
the service altogether out of party politics. I do not
ask you even to hear me for the appointment of any
particular man, although I believe that the practice
which long prevailed under which nominations were
madeby this offieoto yours can alone secure thorough
discipline and efficiency: but as Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, charged with important public
trusts, and solicitous for the success of the Treasury
Department, I do pray you that in Ohio aud else-
where, wherever vacancies exist or shall hereafter
occur, they shall be filled by those whose past lives
and present reputations shall entitle them to the
unmeasurod confidence of the Department and the
public." *9 -i= * *****
"In many districts, as I have frequently stated to
you betore, and as you are aware, the officers arc
incompetent or unfaithful, and m others they are
corrupt."
"For a timelhoped that good results might follow
from the appointment of special agents and inspect-
ors. but there is reason to fear that many ol these
have yielded to temptation, and as their number J as
been multiplied frauds seem to have mcieased. '
"An efficient remedy is imperatively demanded.
No legislation, however stringent, can avail without
