18(38.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2777
two of the specifications-which are necessary
to be considered in the case. The second
specification reads as follows:
"2. Sixhundred andtwenty-fivepersons.nbtlegally
entitled to vote, were improperly and illegally allowed
to vote at said election, and did cast their votes for
you."
What does that mean? I ask the lawyers of
the House, what does that mean? Where were
these persons allowed to vote? The notice
does not answer. By whom were they allowed
to vote? The notice does not answer. Why
were they illegal voters? The notice does not
answer. Were they insane? Were they idiots?
Were they minors? Were they nou-rebideutis ?
Were they convicted crirniuuls? or were they
deserters? The notice does not answer. Yet
we are told that such a notice as this is to stand
in this court of justice.
The next specification to which I invite
attention is the following :
" 18. Illegal votes were cast for you at said election
aa iollovvss : in Clinton township, lvnox county.
25 votes, and in each of the townships of Jefferson,
Union, Butler, Jackson, Brown, Howard, Harrison,
Clay,Pike, Monroe. Pleasant, Morgan, Berlin, Mor-
ris, Aliller, Middlebury, Wayne, Liberty, Milford,
and Hiliiar, in said Knox county, 10 votes. In the
townslup ot Newark, in the county of Licking, 2o
votes, and in each of the town&hips of Fallsbury,
Periy. Hanover, Hopewell, Eden, Mary Ann, Madi-
son, Frank in, Washington, Newton, Licking, Bur-
lington, McKean, Granville, Union, Bennington,
Liberty, St. Albans, Harrison, Hartford, Monroe,
Jersey, Bowling Green, and Lima, in said Licking
county, 10 votes. In the township of Washington,
in Muskingum county, 25 votes, and in each of
the townships of Monroe. Highland, Union, Kicb
Mill, Meigs, Adams, Saiem, Perry, Salt Creek, Blue
llock, ILn rison,Wayne. Jefferson, Muskingum Falls,
Springfield, Newton, Jackson, Licking, and Hope-
well, 10 votes. In the township ot Tu&carawas, in
the county of Coshocton, 25 votes, and in each ot the
townships of Adams, Oxford, Linton, Lafayette,
White Eyes, Crawtord, Mill Creek, Keene. Franklin,
Virginia. Jackson, Bethlehem, Clarke, Monroe, Jef-
ferson, Bedlord, Washington, Pike, Perry, Kew
O.istle, and '.Tiverton, in said Coshocton county, 10
Votes."
'• Illegal votes were cast for you at said
election.'' Why were they il'egal? How was
the sitting member, who was entitled to a par-
ticular statement, of the grounds ot' contest, to
know what was meant by this notice? Could
he.answer to his own judgment, and say, "My
contestant claims that 25 non-residents voted
in one township, and 25 insane persons
in another ?" No, he can answer to him-
self nothing from the face of that paper,
because it is notice of nothing. It is simply
an evasion of a legal notice, that is all. Yet,
singular as it may appear, the learned gentle-
man who makes the report of the majority in
this case has totally failed to notice this point,
although he knew that the sitting member had
excepted to every one of the specifications in
the notice of the contestant.
Substantially, the allegation in each specific-
ation is that illegal votes were cast for the'
sitting member, it cannot be said, without
doing most manifest violence to the intention
of the law, that such general and vague alle-
gations can put the silting member in posses-
sion ot' the grounds of contest. They do not
aver in what the illegality of the votes consists.
They do not state facts from which the illegal-
ity results as a conclusion of the law. They
only state the conclusion of law itself, and
entirely omit any recital of the reasons or facts
that are indispensable to sustain the conclu-
sion. This is a violation of most, obvious prin-
ciples of correct pleading, and ought not to be
approved. There is nothing in the nature or
circumstances of this case to prevent or even
render inconvenient a fair and full compliance
with this law in the statement by the contest-
ant of his grounds of contest. The object of
all pleading, whether in ordinary actions at
law or in contested election, or in any cases
required to be subjected to judicial or even
quasi judicial determination, is to limit, to
restrict, to narrow, as much as practicable, the
range and scope of the investigation, to exclude
unnecessary latitude of inquiry, to disclose at
the outset the difficulties to be overcome by
testimony, or tiie specific conclusions intended
to be established by proof, to the end that such
litigation may be simplified and cheapened, not
made interminable and unnecessarily expen-
sive, and especially that no advantage shall be
taken or injustice done, against which it is
impossible to guard by reason of the uncer-
tainty and vagueness in the statements of the
grouiids of controversy. The importance of
these principles has been well illustrated in this
case. The contestant wholly fails to specify
the grounds of contest in his notice, and then
proceeds in his own order to make his proofs ;
but in reference to a large number of voters,
(alleged to have been deserters, ) takes his tes-
timony at so late a day in the time allowed as
to absolutely preclude the taking of counter-
testimony by the sitting member. It was the
intention ot the law of Congress to prevent
such results by requiring reasonable definite-
ness and certainty in the statement of the
grounds of contest.
I hold, therefore, Mr. Speaker, that upon
the established law of this House, under the
very letter ot the law of this country, and under
the precedents, the number of which is so great
that I need not refer to them, that these notices
are insufficient, and that every part and parcel
of the evidence offered by the contestant here
ought to be rejected by this House. But, Mr.
Speaker, knowing full well that this will not
be done, I have gone on and examined every
single case in this immense record, ease by
case, page by page, witness by witness, and
weighing them all, have reached the conclusions
which I have undertaken to state in my minority
report, and to which now, as briefly as 1 can, I
will invite the attention of the House.
Mr. Speaker, I find it most convenient to
take up this case in the order in which it is
presented in the report of the majority, and
not in the order in which it has been presented
to the House by my colleague on the commit-
tee. I first, therefore, invite the attention of
the House to the consideration of what, is called
the deserter vote; and I do hope that, as a
matter of personal kindness to me, if not as a
matter ot higher duty, I shall have the atten-
tion of honorable gentlemen while I undertake
to present my views upon these points.
The record on the part of the contestant
alleges that there were allowed to vote in the
thirteenth district of Ohio 201 men who had
been deseiters under one or another of the
laws enacted lor the enrollment of the national
forces.
I desire, as preliminary to my argument on
this point, to invite the attention of the House
to the character of evidence in this case. There
is alleged to have been 201 deserters. Gen-
tlemen will remamber the first law on the sub-
ject of the enrollment of the militia under
orders of the Federal Government was enacted
in 186'2, the next law in 1803, and the next
and last law in 1805—I mean so far as those
laws bear on this question. Under the first
law under which the first draft in 1862 was
made, it was not declared the person who
failed or refused to report under the draft
should be held as a deserter, nor was there any
penalty attached to the failure to answer to the
draft under that enrollment. Under the second
law, that of the 3d of March, 1803, it was de-
clared that persons who should fail to respond
to the draft should be held to be guilty of
desertion, but no other penalty was attached
to that offense. It was declared to work no
disfranchisement. It was not only declared
to be desertion under the law of March
1865, but an additional penalty was attached
to the penalties previously prescribed, and that
was the penalty of disfranchisement and decit-
izenization ot'the United States. But those two
penalties were prescribed under the law of
1805 alone.
Now, all the testimony in reference to all these
cases of desertion: 1 also assert here, and 1
assert it broadly, I defy successful contradiction
of it, that the testimony under all these various
drafts, touching the alleged fact of desertion,
is in every particular unsatisfactory. It is most
shadowy, it is frivolous, in many cases it is
absolutely contemptible. It is such that any
intelligent court of justice of the country would
•reject it in any civil ease pending before it.for
adjudication, it is the testimony of persons
who heard some other person Ray that John
Smith or \V illiata Jones was a deserter, or who
heard that some person said his neighbor had
gone off and it was stated that lie had gone to
Canada, or who heard that when a certain
man's name was drawn he went outot the dis-
trict. In respect to others, there is an attempt
to prove record evidence of desertion, and it
consists either of copies taken Irom the enroll-
ment lists m this district or ot ceiuiicates
Signed by the adjutant general of Ohio, pur-
porting to slate that some person stands on some
enrollment list,, marked as a deserter or charged
us a deserter. Now, I say as a lawyer, as a
member of this committee, on a just apprecia-
tion, I believe, of my obligations, that all this
evidence touching the fact ol desertion, and
purporting to place that upon record evidence,
is illegal and ought not toliave been received,
fhere is no law of Congress providing these
things shall be evidence of the facts they pur-
port to state.
in this connection I want to state that we are
informed by the adjutant general of Oliio that
the report of the Brovost Marshal General of
the United States says the enure number of
deserters charged to the State ot -Ohio during
the war is twenty-seven thousand, and that ot
that number those charged to the thirteenth
district of Ohio are only five hundred and forty-
three. We are told by the same authority that
it is the opinion of the Brovost Marshal General
that at least two thirds of that entire number
could, by returns to duty, have been shown not
to have been deserters at all, but they were
simply charged with desertion under the tech-
nical and arbitrary rules of the Government m
a tirne of war ; Uiat Ltiey iu fact were never
guilty of desertion. Hundreds and it may oe
thousands of the persons so chargt.d with deser-
tion may have been at that, \ery moment shed-
ding their blood on the battle-iields of the
country in defense of the flag ; and it is shown
that in some eases persons so charged m very
truth were at the very time they were so charged
in the actual performance of their miliary
duties. Yet it is upon this kind ot shadowy
testimony that it is proposed by this House
now to disfranchise two hundred and one of
the legal voters of the thirteenth district of
Ohio. All this evidence as to the voter is ex
parte, having been taken in this case ajter the
election, and where the election boards, after
examination of the voter and hearing me case
according to the laws of Ohio, had adjudged
him a legal elector and received his ballot. He
is thus, in legal effect, to be deprived of a pre-
cious franchise, branded as a criminal, and
punished, in violation of the most obvious
principles of justice, and without a heating.
Mr. Speaker, it is said thatthe constitution of
Ohio requires that no person shall be a citizen of
that Slate who is not also a citizen ot the Uni-
ted States, and that whenever he ceases to be
a citizen of the U nited States he ceases also to
be a citizen of Ohio. 1 ask you now whether
it is to be held to-day by this House that it is
competent for Congress to regulate suffrage in
a State of this Union. And is it to be held
that Congress may, under the pretext of pun-
ishing desertion, or any other crime, i erne not
what, regulate suffrage in a State oi this U moil?
If that is the theory of this House, why is it
not honestly, frankly, and boldly so declared?
Why is it not avowed m this rtport that you
mean io dictate terms upon which me light of
suffrage shall be exercised m the State ot Ohio
by laws of Congress ? 1 say that it is the prov-
ince of the States alone to regulate their own
suffrage, and when the State of Omo declared
in her fundamental law that no person could
be a citizen of that State who was not also a
citizen of the United States the State of Ohio
simply intended to enact and declare that no
person of alien birth and origin should become
a citizen of that State until he had first become
a naturalized citizen of the United States, i hat
is what the history of this enactment in the
State of Ohio justifies me in saying. That is
