3802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
has ever been gained by any nation toward
true freedom of trade but by the system of
protection which nurses productive industries
into the maturity and independence which in
due time dispenses with further guardianship.
This maxim of the great practical statesman
was uttered while the Cobdeu treaty was yet in
debate. Eight years after its adoption, on the
13th of May. 1808, in the Legislative Assembly
of France, M. Thiers, whose name alone is
authority, as well in history and theory as in
practical affairs, in an exhaustive argument
upon the condition and prospects of the indus-
trial interests of France, calls upon its Legis-
lature and its Emperor to " Reserve the na-
tional market for the national labor." The pros-
pect is that civilized Europe and all the rising
nationalities among the British dependencies
will more and more, as they are able, exclude
British goods from their markets. And it is
all the more necessary that we shall defend our
labor from the accumulating force and the
accumulating necessity that England will feel
for deluging us with her fabrics, cheapened
by the desperation to which her capitalists are
driven.
Mr. PILE. Will the gentleman from Penn-
syhania yield me five minutes?
Mr. MORRELL. Certainly.
Mr. PILE. I ask permission to move an
amendment to the second section by inserting
after the word "from" the words "and after
sixty days subsequent to;" so that it will read,
" from and after sixty days to the time of the
entry of such goods for warehousing."
Mr. MOKRELL. I will allow that amend-
ment to be offered.
Mr. PILE. Mr. Speaker, this bill should have
gone either to the Committee on Commerce or to
the Committee of Ways and Means. I do not
see what jurisdiction the Committee on Manu-
factures have over the question of importation,
or the method of regulating the warehousing and
delivery of imported goods. It is a subject
that has always been considered and passed
upon by either the Committee of Ways and
Means or the Committee on Commerce. It the
bill had received an examination by either of
those committees, who are supposed to be con-
versant with the subject, I do not know but I
should have been in favor of it. But it is too
important a bill to pass hurriedly, having only
received the consideration of a committee that
is not supposed to be as conversant with the
subject as the other two committees that I have
named.
One specific effect of this bill upon interior
importers I wish to advert to. It is that which
I seek to remedy by the amendment I have
offered. The present system of importing
requires an appraisement of goods to bo made
at the sea-board port where the origiual entry
is made, so that a shipment of goods made to
Cincinnati, Chicago. St. Louis, or any interior
city must bo warehoused. It is not a matter
of option with the importer. His goods must
be examined and the duties appraised, and in
the majority of cases the examination requires
that the goods should be sent to the warehouse
in order that the package may be opened and
examined. Now, once they get into the ware-
house at New York or New Orleans, as we
have had abundant experience at St. Louis,
they remain there in spite of the efforts of the
importer from one to four months. This bill,
taken in connection with the present law on
the statute-book would compel the importer to
send his goods to the warehouse and keep them
there contrary to his desire, unless he is willing
to submit to black-mailing on the part of
custom-house officers, who make excuses that
they cannot get at them conveniently, and then
charge him interest for the time his goods are
thus detained. That is, you compel him to
warehouse his goods, detain them by the action
of your officers, black-mail him, and then
charge him interest for all the time you are
doing this.
This bill, in application to and effect upon
the importers living in the interior cities, would
be most unjust and unfair, In fact the im-
porters in the cites which I have named are
suffering now under so many burdens that un-
less they are released from some of those bur-
dens the importing trade of the interior will be
so crushed that it will go out of existence.
This will not help the manufacturers, for the
reason that our merchants will go to New York
and Boston and buy of the wholesale dealers
in imports and pay him a margin for his profits.
That will be cheaper than to submit to the
burdens of the present law, and will not help
the manufacturers ; but it will make richer the
importers of the sea-board cities at the expense
of the consumers in the interior and the inte-
rior merchants. This bill, in addition to all
the hardships they are now laboring under in
this trade, will impose npon them an interest
of six per cent, upon their goods detained in
warehouses against their will and when they
are pressing to get them out.
Mr. MORRELL. Why need they put them
in warehouses ?
Mr. PILE. They cannot avoid it. Their
goods must be examined and appraised, and
for the purpose of that examination and ap-
praisement and the opening of packages the
goods must go into warehouses, and they can-
not keep them out. It is not a voluntary mat-
ter with them. There is no provision of law
by which goods can be removed at present
from tlie original port of entry except after
examination and appraisement of duties, and
for the purpose of that examination they must
be sent to a warehouse, and from that ware-
house the importer cannot get them for months,
and yet you propose to charge him interestfor
the time his goods are detained. I hope the
amendment I have offered will be adopted if
we are to act on this bill at this time.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRELL. I now yield for five min-
utes to my colleague from Philadelphia, [Mr.
O'Neii.l.]
Mr. O'NEILL. I do not think it is a mat-
ter-of any importance to the interests of the
country and the interests of commerce and
trade ta which committee this matter happened
to have been referred. I have presented nu-
merous petitions from the people of Philadel-
phia, asking for an entire abolishment of the
warehousing system. Some of them went to
the Committee of Ways and Means and some
to the Committee on Manufactures ; but when
I look at the elaborate and most excellent
report made by the chairman of the Committee
on Manufactures, of course indorsed, 1 pre-
sume by the membersofthe committee, I think
the House may congratulate itself and the
country may congratulate itself upon the fact
that the subject was referred to intelligent men
who understood what they were doing. I do
not pretend to say that the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Pile]
might not improve the bill, for there may bo
some hardship in requiring the penalty upon
the duties at the rate of six per cent, interest
per annum to be put at once on the warehoused
goods. But I look upon the bill generally as
beneficial to the interests of the country—the
industrial interests of the country, because it
is well known here, and especially to the chair-
man and the members of the Committee of
Ways and Means, that American industry is
damaged to a greatextent everyday and every
year by permitting imported goods to remain
in warehouses as long almost as the importer
pleases. Under the existing law the importer
can keep his goods, if for home consumption,
in the warehouse for one year without the pay-
ment of an advance upon the duties, and either
before that period expires, or within two years
thereafter, if they are for exportation, he may
withdraw them without the advance ; but if they
are for home consumption he must pay the
penalty of ten per cent, upon the amount of
the duty in addition.
My colleague, the chairman of the Committee
on Manufactures, intending, I suppose, to do
something to aid in breaking down this delug-
ing of the country with foreign goods as against
the industrial interests of our own people, has
put this section in the bill requiring that the
rate of six per cent, per annum shall be paid
upon the duties for the length of time the goods
remain in warehouse-. I do not say that that
is not altogether in the interest of our own
manufacturers ; but if it be in that interest let
us help it. I am for a tariff to protect the
American manufacturer, and 1 hope the House
will show its good judgment and its desire to
legislate for the manufacturing interest of the
country by passing the bill reported by my
colleague [Mr. Moorhead] from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. But if we can also
do this much toward benefiting and encourag-
ing our own home industry, let us do it by
passing promptly the bill now under consider-
ation. 1 am well aware that the whole of this
warehousing system needs great change and
alteration. There have been crying complaints
against it. Petition after petition has come to
Congress upon the subject, and 1, forone,repre-
senting in part a city which is largely engaged
in manufacturing, say I want to stand by our
own manufacturers wherever and whenever I
can, and for that reasonl think the bill reported
by the Committee on Manufactures should pass.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRELL. I now yield for five minutes
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Raum.]
Mr. RAUM. I desire to offer the following
amendment to the bill under consideration,
being additional sections, to come in after sec-
tion two of this bill:
Sec. —. JBe it further enactcd, That the duties on
alt imported goods regaining in custom-houses and
warehouses upon the passage of this act, shall be
paid within sixty days alter the passage of this act.
And the duties on all imported goods in transitu
from ports of entry to ports of delivery at the date
of the passage of this act, shall be paid within sixty
dajs aitei &uch goods shall have rcachod the pioper
port of delivery: Provided, That any of said goods
may bo reexported without payment of duty if tho
person owning or controlling tho same apply lor such
privilege within thirty days after the passage of this
act.
Sec. —. Andbe it further enacted, Thathereaftorthe
duties on all impoited goods entered for consump-
tion shall be paid within thirty flays after sucu goods
shall have arrived at their proper port of dehveij' :
Provided, That tho duties on goods shipped in bond
from ono port to another shall be paid within thirty
days aftor sueh goods shall have reached tho latter
port: And provided further. That goods imported for
reexportation may remain in custom-houses and
warehouses as now provided by law.
Mr. MORRELL. I will allow a vote to be
taken on the amendment.
Mr. RAUM. Mr, Speaker, I do not profess
to have any great amount of knowledge upon
the subject now before the House. But I have
examined the statistics of the country for a
great numbed of years back, audi find that,
under the present warehouse system, about
two fifthsof the total importations of this coun-
try go into the bonded warehouses of this coun-
try ; and that something like from forty to fifty
million dollars worth of imported goods re-
main in these warehouses from month to month
the year round. Another startling fact is that
we are exporting from seventy-five to one liuu-
dred million dollars of precious metals to pay
for those imported goods. Under the exist-
ing laws and regulations of tho warehousing
system, these goods can be piled up on the
edge of the market and remain there for tvveive
mouths without paying any duties to the Gov-
ernment of the United States and tho manu-
facturers and owners of these foreign goods
have perfect control of the market by throw-
ing them upon tho market whenever they can
find a ready sale for them.
Now, I believe we never can resume specie
payments in this country, that we never can
have a proper and healthy system of finances
until we can reduce the importation of foreign
goods so as to retain in this country the prod-
ucts of our mines, which now amount to af out
seventy-five million dollars per annum. As
long as we pour out of the country the entire
product of our mines into the coffers of foceign
manufacturers, it is my belief that we can
never have a healthy financial condition in- this
country. Why, sir, we at this time have not
more than ten per cent., we have not ten per
cent., of precious metals in this country, in.
