370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
greenbacks, taking therefor her four or five
per cent, bonds, and made payable in ten or
twenty years ? The nation would be the gainer
at the end of that period even if the bonds
were never paid. So of the other States des-
olated by war, as they shall respectively be
represented in these Halls. By helping them
we help ourselves, and prove to them that we
forget their follies, forgive their crimes, and
are ready, willing, and anxious to repair
waste places, rebuild broken-down altars, and
bind the States in a stronger union than ever
before.
Mr. Chairman, the President in his late mes-
sage well and truthfully says "we want a stable
and secure circulating medium. A disordered
currency is one of the greatest pojitical evils."
Is a greenback circulation necessarily unstable
and insecure ? It may be and it is as stable a
circulating medium as gold, and is as secure
as a mortgage upon the entire property of the
nation can make it. Treasury notes are not a
"disordered currency." They do not belong
to the class denominated by the gentleman
from Illinois as "wild-cat" or "stump-tail."
They are not bank issues, that miserable con-
trivance for cheating the laboring classcs; that
ingenious invention "to fertilize the rich man's
field by the sweat of the poor man's brow." :
Treasury certificates are veritable, lawful ;
money, and involve the Government in no
chance of failure. They pay-all debts, public
and private, until the interest or convenience
of the people call for their withdrawal. Jay
Cooke, with the aid of his sharp financier, the
Pennsylvania Dutchman, will find it difficult
to satisfy the people that national bank notes
are better or safer than greenbacks. National
bank notes are good because indorsed by the
Government. Ihey are good because they
are backed up by Uncle Sam's bonds; and
these are good because redeemable in "lawful
money." Do gentlemen suppose that if the
Government could pay a gold dollar to-day for
every dollar of our greenback circulation, and
it was all withdrawn, that we would be upon a
specie basis? Where are the $300,000,000 of
bank notes upon which the Government is
indorser? Have these institutions coin with
which to redeem their notes? If not, the Gov-
ernment must pay them or be dishonored. The
bank and bond questions are inseparably con-
nected ; for whoever will take the trouble to
read the sixty-five sections of the act creating
national banks will find, after abstracting all
that relates to bonds, but little left. That act
happily closes in these words: '' Congress may
amend, alter, or repeal this act." This is the
best part of the whole law.
The first step in the right direction will be
to pass a law to call in and cancel the entire
bank circulation and simultaneously issue an
equal quantity of Treasury certificates or legal
tenders. The people having this circulation
would be enabled to pay off $300,000,000 of
debt and save $18,000,000 of gold interest.
We will thus shorten the road to specie payj
ments by reducing the interest-bearing debt.
But we are told that the national banks
being required to keep a reserve for the re-
demption of their notes withdraws from cir-
culation ten, fifteen, or twenty per cent, of
the legal tenders. I see no good reason why
this reserve should not be kept in the pockets
of the people, to be used or not as their neces-
sities require. They will be quite as safe cus-
todians of their reserves as the banks. By
retiring the $300,000,000 of national bank
notes and issuing, in addition to that amount',
$215,000,000 of legal-tender notes, the $515,-
000,000 of five-twenty bogds now redeemable
could be paid. This would only add $215,-
000,000 to our present circulation, and this
would be $40,000,000 less currency than when
the ruinous policy of contraction commenced.
This would not only give us a better currency,
(as much better as substance is better than
shadow,) but would save the people from tax-
ation to the amount of $43,000,000, suppos-
ing gold to be forty per cent, premium. I
would as speedily as possible rid the country
of this bank monopoly. With such a net-
work of moneyed institutions throughout the
country their political power by combination
would be irresistible. To suppose they would
not combine to secure their own selfish ends
is to regard them more than human.
The people's circulation can be made suffi-
ciently ample to supply all the demands of
trade. If we must have banks, (a necessity I
do not acknowledge,) leave the field open to
all. Let every association that can pledge its
$50,000 in Government bonds open a bank,
and let the Government charge for the cur-
rency furnished three per cent, per annum,
to be deducted from the gold interest on the
bonds left as security.
Some are afraid of "watering the currency,"
as they are pleased to call a further issue of
greenbacks, and thus render it valueless by
dilution. Money will not depreciate greatly
if well secured, and the people can better
stand a "watering" of their currency than of
their gold-bearing bonds, as is now the policy
of the Secretary of the Treasury. And besides,
as we have shown, the volume of currency will
not be as large as it has been.
In the two great elements necessary for a
, circulating medium', uniformity and stability,
! legal-tender notes have the advantage of gold.
Gold is exported; legal tenders are not. Coin
is constantly fluctuating and unstable. Any
political disturbance or a war on the other
side of the Atlantic which made gold indis-
pensable would immediately affect its'volume
here, and ev.ery farmer, mechanic, merchant,
and manufacturer to the remotest corner of
the Republic would feel the pressure. And
this would especially be the case now that
$1,000,000,000 of our bonds are in Europe.
I With legal tenders as our national currency no
such calamity could befall us. We learn from
the last message of the President that since
1849 the coin product of the United States
amounted to $1,174,000,000, and that the ex-
ports of the precious metals during the. same
period was $741,000,000. These figures do
not give a very flattering exhibit of the stabil-
ity or fixedness of a gold currency. Nor does
it by any means follow that an increase of legal-
tender notes will advance the price of gold,
which is in fact a mere matter of merchandise,
like cotton, railroad stocks, and whisky. Gold
has not advanced or receded as the currency
has been contracted or expanded. On the 1st
of September, 1865, it was at a premium of
forty-four per cent., when our paper circula-
tion was $684,138,000, while on the 1st of No-
vember, 1867, it was forty-three per cent.,
when the paper circulation was $255,000,000
less than on September 1, 1865. The natural
ebbing and flowing of the price of gold is in
proportion to its demand for export to settle
foreign balances of trade. If we would remove
the cotton tax, aid the South in securing a
large crop for export, and send abroad our
breadstuffs to settle these balances, and if
perchance we could find a balance in our favor,
then gold would be imported and its price
would approximate more nearly to legal ten-
ders.
The way to get back to a specie basis, then, is
not by contracting our currency, but by import-
ing less goods from abroad and sending larger
installments of our production. We must
encourage labor, increase production, diversify
our home industries, develop our agricultural
and mineral resources, and then, in spite of
the money-changers and gold-gamblers of Wall
street, and with $1,000,000,000 of greenbacks,
coin would approximate in value to our
national circulating medium.
I differ entirely with the report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in which he declares
" there is a plethora of paper money and that
progress has been made in the right direction
during the past year." There is a great
scarcity of money of every sort, as all men
engaged in active business will bear me witness,
unless it may be with the exception of national
bankers and those who live upon iaterest or
rents. The progress made during the last year
• in contracting the currency and increasing the
coin interest-bearing debt is in exactly the
wrong direction.
In addition to the policy proposed of with-
drawing and canceling the national bank
circulation and supplying simultaneously the
vacuum with Treasury certificates, and increas-
ing the amount sufficiently to redeem the
$515,000,000 of bonds now redeemable, I
would provide that the Treasury certificates
should be convertible in sums of $100 or more
into bonds at a just rate of interest, say now
five per cent., subject to taxation as other
property, and reconvertible into Treasury cer-
tificates at the pleasure of the holder. And so
of all currency bonds redeemable in the future,
I would offer the same alternative, and so adjust
the rate of interest from time to time that
capital and labor should each have its share of
profit. This would give that flexibility to the
circulation, increasing and decreasing accord-
ing to the requirements of legitimate business
and the demands of commerce and trade. In
times when money was not required and bccame
redundant it would be invested in bonds, and
the Government would then be the borrower
of the surplus. On the contrary, when money
was needed the bonds would be reconverted.
This system is adopted by some of the best
Governments of Europe. Theprincipal objec-
tion to this scheme would be that it would keep
down the rates of interest, and thus prevent the
capitalist from exacting usury. On the other
hand, a low rate of interest for money will
reduce the price of rents and give full and
profitable employment to labor. While high
rates of interest on money prevail tenements
for workingmen and manufactories and work-
shops will not be erected.
I beg gentlemen in their financial schemes
to consider the interests of those who earn
their daily bread in the sweat of their brows as
well as the possessors of wealth. The rights
of capital and labor should be so harmonized
that each would be protected and that each
should have its appropriate share of profits.
That my position may not be misappre-
hended I would say again distinctly that I
would pay every bond in coin that was created
before the passage of the legal-tender act and
all created since where the law and the bond
provide for coin payment. All others should
be paid in lawful money as fast as redeemable.
The policy here advocated, Mr. Chairman,
will not impair the value or stability of the
currency. It is destructive of no honest indus-
try, subversive of no individual rights, unless
the national banks may be considered one of
the industrial interests of the country, with a
prescriptive right to transfer the money of the
people to their own pockets through a monop-
oly in the circulating medium. It is not even
subversive of that right, for the law of their
creation expressly declared their liability to
extinction at any moment the public interest
demanded. It is not destructive unless the
light thumps following the putting down the
breaks on the train rushing to destruction is
called destructive in disturbing the quiet of
those unconscious of danger ; neither is it rev-
olutionary unless the desire of letting well
enough alone, of keeping things as they have
been, is called by that name ; nor is it vision-
ary unless the determination to live on in the
same old quarters until we get out of debt can
be said to be a vision. On the contrary, it is
conservative, preeminently so, to stand still
when we know where to go. It will give im-
mediate relief to the country in removing the
dread uncertainty that hangs over every branch
of business.
There is everywhere a feeling of impending
calamity that is preventing new enterprises
and paralyzing those already begun. Business
men now hang with feverish interest upon the
reports of the Secretary of the Treasury to
know the extent of the last contraction and
learn the nature of his next caprice—whether
