2778
THEOONGEESSIOWAL GL(M
jvM'-*:
what it means, .and. that is all it means. Yet
it is attempted here to extend it far beyond the
true intent and purpose of those who made it.
But it is a perversion of terms to say that any
person acquires the right of suffrage in Ohio
by virtue of the laws of Congress. Naturaliza-
tion does not confer the right of suffrage. That
right is only, conferred by the constitution and
laws of Ohio. Persons are allowed to vote
there because they possess* all the qualifica-
tions thus prescribed. The right of suffrage at
a State election is a State right, a franchise
conferable only by the State, which Congress
can neither give nor take away. If, therefore,
the. act now under'consideration is in truth an
attempt to regulate the right of suffrage in the
State, or to prescribe the conditions on which
that right may be exercised, it would bo held
unwarranted by the Federal Constitution. In
the exercise of its admitted powers, Congress
may doubtless deprive an individual of the
opportunity to enjoy a right that belongs to
him as a citizen of a State, even the right of
suffrage. But this is a different thing from
taking away or impairing the right itself. Con-
gress may also impose ujxm the criminal for-
feiture of his citizenship of the United States—
that is, of what Justice Stot-y denominates his
general citizenship; but that does not legally
or necessarily deprive him of his citizenship of
the St'ate, which is secured to him by the State
constitution and laws, and is to be held on the
terms prescribed by them alone. It is an in-
tegral part of the State government.
i hold, Mr. Speaker, in reference to all of
these alleged deserters, that the laws of Con-
gress under which it is attempted to disfran-
chise them upon the evidence in this case can
have no possible application to the case, and
cannot control the actiontof this House, unless
the House is determined and is in search of a
pretext merely to exclude the sitting member
from his right as a member of this House with-
out law.
I call attention now to the fact which no
gentleman who will examine this report can
gainsay, that of these two hundred and one
persons charged with desertion, forty-one were
drafted under the call for volunteers in 1862,
and were therefore never subject to be disfran-
chised even on conviction of desertion, because
the law at that time did not say that the failure to
respond to the draft should constitute the crime
of desertion. It is true, it was always desertion
to run away from military service after being
actually mustered into the service of the United
States, but that is not this case at all. The
persons threatened with unjust disfranchise-
ment in this case were never mustered into the
actual service, except a very few persons. I
say, therefore, that as to these forty-one per-
sons alleged to have been drafted under the
law of -1862 there is no law of Congress which
affects or touches them in this case.
Can it be said that the law of March 3, 1865,
was intended to be retroactive and to go
back to the law of 1862, to add provisions to
that law, to make that a crime which under
the law of 1862 was no crime, and to punish
that in 1865 which under the law of 1862 was
not punishable at all? Are we, then, to be
told that this kind of a law, this kind of legis-
lative declaration, is neither an ex post facto
law nor a statute of pains and penalties? Are
we to be told that the familiar cases in 4 Wal-
lace do not destroy any such pretense as that
in this case? I trust no gentleman here will
insist upon any such construction of that law
for one moment.
Then it will further appear that thirty-seven
of the persons alleged to be deserters were
drafted under the order of 1864, still antedating
the enactment of the law of March 3, 1805.
It will also appear that these thirty-seven per-
sons are not, by the evidence, identified with
the alleged deserters. It will further appear
that forty-three of them are so identified by the
evidence, such as it is.
In this connection I hold that the enroll-
ments are not sufficient evidence that a person
is a deserter. There must be other and addi-
tional evidence of identity. Parol proof is
admissible to corroborate and sustain the rec-
ord, but not to set it aside or contradict it
where by law the record is required to be kept
and is made evidence.
It will further appear that seventy-nine of
these persons alleged to be deserters are in no
just or legal sense guilty of desertion or dis-
qualified electors. And the persons whom I
classify in this way are set down in this report
under their appropriate heads, to which I re-
spectfully invite the attention of members of
the House.
It will further appear that of the whole num-
ber one hundred and two are legal voters, and
ought not to be rejected for reasons which are
briefly stated after their respective names in
the lists which are contained in my report.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it would afford me very
great pleasure, if I had time and the attention
of the House, to go over this report, and man
by man state the evidence in regard to these
alleged deserters, and show to the gentlemen
of this House how absolutely unsatisfactory and
insufficient and frivolous it is as to nearly all
of the individuals. For example, Franklin
Vian, who voted in Pike township, is not
shown to have been a deserter; but another
person of the same name in Monroe county is
shown to have been a deserter, but there is no
proof of identity, not one word or syllable;
and yet that man is charged against the sitting
member as a deserter and an illegal voter.
Benjamin F. lumkle put in a substitute, and
yet it is charged that he was a deserter, and
ought to be counted against the sitting mem-
ber. If any gentleman has the curiosity to
look at the evidence in this case 1 invite his
attention to part two, page 276. Then John
Kessinger, or Kensinger, who was drafted, did
not vote at all, and yet lie is charged against
the sitting member as adeserter and an illegal
voter. David Hodge put in a substitute, and
he is charged against us as a deserter. Sala-
tliiel Parnsh put in a substitute, and so did
Jaraes F. Scoles and Philip Arnold, and yet
all these men are said by the gentleman who
drafted the report of the majority to be desert-
ers and illegal voters.
Now, gentlemen may say that my report here
should be verified by testimony. It is impos-
sible for me to read all the evidence referring
to these various persons through two thousand
pages of printed matter; but 1 do ask, gentle-
men, each one of you, if you please, to take
one of these cases and examine the evidence
in reference to that one case; and 1 challenge
a denial of the truth of one single one of my
findings as to these men. I might go through
with' the entire list, but I have referred to
enough to show the general course of this
examination.
It is said, Mr. Speaker, that this law of 18G5
was retroactive in its terms, and was intended
to refer to and embrace in its operations per-
sons who were drafted under the preceding
law. Now, upon that point I will not under-
take to occupy the attention of the House by
referring to the authorities or entering at any
length into an examination of the law. I take
it for granted that every intelligent gentleman
upon this floor is—and if he is not I know he
ought to be—familiar with the late decisions
of the Supreme Court in the celebrated cases
ex parte Garland and Cummings vs. The State
of Missouri, in -4 Wallace. I say that under
the decisions in these cases the law, by its very
terms, can have no legal operation upon the
execution of the draft law that preceded it,
that it is not retroactive, and was not so
intended, and ought never to be so construed.
It is an ex post facto law as to every person
named in this case. It was enacted after the
desertions; it was enacted after the facts had
occurred; it was enacted after the crime was i
committed. |
It was enacted after the offense was c'om- |
plete, and the man was guilty of desertion and |
ought to be punished. Ah, but the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania has discovered
a mode of evading the force of these decis- I
ions and of that law by assuming that this law
was not intended to punish for desertion, the
original act of desertion on the part of those
persons drafted in 1862 and 1864, but that the
law by its terms creates an additional offense,
which was a failure by those persons, after the
proclamation of President Lincoln, of -11th
March, 1865,'to return and report themselves
for duty under the draft; in other words, it is
claimed by him that this original crime of
desertion has now become a sort of continuing
crime—a crime that goes on from time to time
and will never cease to run against these men
and to multiply itself year by year and month
by month until the grave shall have swallowed
every one of them. Then I suppose the jus-
tice of the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will be satisfied. Mr. Speaker, to my
mind, as a lawyer, it bears very much the char-
acter of a legal absurdly to say that if I com-
mit desertion to-day, which desertion to-day is
not a crime, and by proclamation to-morrow it
is announced to me that if I will return to duty
I shall not bo punished, and that if I fail so to
return and surrender myself I shall be pun-
ished as for desertion. Can I pile up crime
upon crime by a mere failure to respond to the
demands of the constituted authorities? When
a man deserts his crime is complete; he is at
that instant a deserter. You undertake to say
that a failure thereafter to report under a new
law, under some new order, shall constitute
another crime. How, in God:s name, are you
going to find a foundation for that new crime,
except upon the basis of the original desertion?
Is not your law, then, retroactive? Is not
yourlaw, then, in the very terms and definitions
given in the Constitution, an ex post facto law;
a bill of pains and penalties? What does the
Supreme Court say is an ex post facto law?
They say:
" An ex post facto law is one which imposes a pun-
ishment for an act which was not punishable at tho
time it was committed ; or imposes addition;,! pun-
ishment to that then prescribed, or changes the rules
of evidence by which less er different testimony is
sufficient to convict than was then required."
"A bill of attainder is a legislative act which
inflicts punishment without a judicial trial. If tho
punishment be less than death, the act is termecLa
bill of pains and penalties."
If that law does not meet these very defini-
tions of solemnly prohibited tews, then I must
confess, Mr. Speaker, that I have not legal
capacity to determine what those definitions
mean.
I hold in my hand the only judicial decision
of a court of last resort in this country upon
this law, giving to it a judicial interpretation.
That is the decision of the supreme court of
tho State of Pennsylvania, constituted of five
judges, three of whom were Democrats and
two were Republicans. But this is the unani-
mous decision of the whole court, and it is
entitled to the very highest respect at the
hands of this House. It is no discredit to the
high authority of that opinion for me to say
that the honorable gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, who now sits on my left, [Mr. Wood-
ward,] distinguished for twenty years as one
of the finest legal minds of this country, was
then on that bench. " .
I will read somewhat at length from that
opinion for the reason that it bears so directly
and so materially upon the point embraced in
this alleged desertion law. I read from the
decision of the supreme ponrt of Pennsylvania
in the late case of Huber rs. Riley, a ease
which arose under the act of Congress of
March 3, 1865:
"Tho spirit of these constitutional provisions is
briefly that no person can bo made to suffer for a
criminal offense unless the penalty be inflicted by
due process of law."
Now, I have held in reference to every one
of these deserters that before they can be dis-
franchised in Ohio, even by reason of deser-
tion, they must first have been arrested and
triedby courts of competent jurisdiction and
convicted of the crime of desertion. Audi
hold that the adoption of any other theory in
this country is to do violence to some of the
first and most fundamental principles of our
