2o4
APPENDIX TO THE COMPRESSIONAL ■ GLOBE.
[March
9,:
Ho. oi? Reps.
Impcaclment—Mr. Perham.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
honest and capable officers, and I see no reason to
change the views I hays' so often expressed to you
that inefficient or dishonest officeis inubtbe lemovea
and men of integrity and superior ability appointed
in their places."
"1 therefore respectfully refer you again to my com-
munication of the loth ot July last, in which X recom-
mended the retirement of the several officers therein
named; "i have Seen no reason to change that rec-
ommendation, and now earnestly renew it."
■ Thus it will be seen that the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, in subdued terms and
modest- language, as becomes a subordinate
officer, often and earnestly called the attention
of the Department aritf the President to the
folly of the coarse they were pursuing, and
appealed to them to appoint better men ; but
his appeals fell on ears deaf to everything ex-
cept to "perpetuate his power" through the
very men who were thus swindling the Gov-
ernment while sworn to guard its interests.
Mr. Rollins, it appears, stands in the way of
the complete consummation of Mr. Johnson's
unholy purposes, and because of his fidelity
to duty—for there can be no other reason given
•—he has attempted to remove him, and is only
prevented by the fidelity of the Senate. His
shameful exhibition of himself on the day of
his inauguration before the American people
and the representatives of foreign nations—to
say nothing of similar disgraceful scenes since
that time—was a disgrace to the whole country,
and, under the circumstances, well deserving
impeachment and removal.
When, after the fall of Richmond, in the
streets of Washington and other places, in ex-
citing and intemperate language, he demanded
the punishment of the rebels who liad just sur-
rendered to our victorious Army, and, breath-
ing indignation and slaughter, invoked the
curses of Heaven upon their heads, the whole
country shuddered lest by some possibility this
bloodthirsty man might be placed in a position
to wreak his seeming vengeance in punishment
and death upon those lie then declared to be
the enemies of the country to an extent that
would be a disgrace to the nation and a foul
blot on the civilization of the age in which we
live. I confess that when lie was elevated to
the position he now occupies by the hand of
the assassin I greatly feared that his treatment
of the rebels would be unnecessarily severe.
Immediately, however, a change came over him.
The confiscated lands he promised for homes
to the loyal poor were restored to their former
rebel owners in violation of law; the men he
had so recently denounced as traitors, and about
whom he had called high Heaven to witness
that if the power should be given him he would
have them "tried, convicted, and hanged as
traitors," became his confidential advisers and
boon companions. All his terrible anathemas,
once so vehement against the men who sus-
tained the rebellion, were hurled at Union men
North and South who aided in crushing treason
on the field. The men who were to take '' back
seats" in the process of reconstruction were
invited to the front, and the work of reorgan-
ization placed in their hands. And when
these bloodthirsty tyrants, in pursuance of these
wicked designs to crush out the loyal senti-
ment of the South, had rendered the condition
of the Unionists intolerable, and when they, in-
cluding the colored people, many of whom had
bared their dark bosoms to the storm of battle
that the country might live, appealed to him
who had solemnly promised to be their "Jloses"
for protection, they were heartlessly remanded
back to the tender mercies of their oppressors,
and insultingly toldthat "this is a white man's
government;" and when the public sense of the
country became aroused and indignant at these
unholy proceedings, and the representatives of
the people remonstrated against the President's
treasonable conduct, they were met with the in-
sulting declaration that Congress itself is an
illegal body " hanging on the verge of the Gov-
ernment."
Instead of organizing the States recently
in rebellion, in the interest of loyalty he has
persisted in forcingan organization that gives
rebels absolute power and places the Union-
ists bound hand and foot under the control
of those who but yesterday were attempting
to destroy the nation's life. He has doggedly
insisted in enforcing what he terms his * 'pol-
icy " upon the people, and every mari who
does not support this policy is, to use his own
characteristic language, to be "kicked out."
In the face of all these oppressions, usurpa-
tions, and lawless exercise of power, there is
not a man in this country who eulogizes him-
self so much as Andrew Johnson, lie is con-
stantly proclaiming his own disinterestedness,
his purity of motives, his imequaled love for
the Constitution, law, and order, and that he
is incapable of doing any wrong, either as
alderman of a village in Tennessee or through
all the grades of office up to President of the
United States. Sir, there is much of the teach-
ings of history in the remark of Mr. Johnson
when he said:
''When you hear a man prating about tho Consti-
tution spot him; he is a traitor."
While the Constitution itself is the sheet-
anchor of our national security, its name has
been prostituted for the basest of purposes.
In the name of that instrument, which the
rebels were trampling under their feet, they pro-
tested against our right to inteifere with their
treasonable work, in that name their friends
in tho North protested against our right to
coerce a "sovereign State," and opposed every
really earnest and effective measure to erusli
the rebellion. In that name they demanded
from time to time during the rebellion, and
especially at their national convention in 1804,
that the war should cease. In the name of
that sacred instrument they have opposed,with
Andrew Johnson at their head, the enfranchise-
ment of the black man, and struggled for the
restoration to power of the men who, by their
treason, have loaded us with debt and filled
the land with mourning.
Tho pretended religionist who talks most
about his own piety is usually the greatest
rascal. The politician who talks loudest about
his regard and love for the "dear people"
before election forgets them soonest after his
purposes have been accomplished. Tho great-
est criminals of which history gives any ac-
count have endeavored to put their intended
victims off their guard by protestations of
honesty of purpose. When a man has made
up his mind to do a bad thing he usually
attempts to make the people believe him inca-
pable of doing such a thing.
Mr. Johnson is not an exception to this
general truth. No man in the country has ever
denounced and threatened traitors like liim;
and no man is now a greater or more intimate
friend to them and their principles, or so
earnest to shield them from the very punish-
ment be once invoked. No man in the country
was so loud or seemingly more honest in his
promise to the Union men of tho South as
Mr. Johnson, and no man betrayed tliom so
soon or has proved so great an enemy to them.
If there is any one thing that surprises me more
than another in regard to this _subject_ it is
that I, in common with others, did not, in the
unusual demonstrations and professions made
by this man before his elevation to his present
position, detect the faithlessness of his motives
which he has since so palpably revealed. After
this it is hoped we shall be on our guard against
such noisy pretenders.
It has been said by nearly every man who
has spoken in defense of the President since
this discussion commenced that this is a par-
tisan movement, inspired by a desire to get con-
trol of the Government for the special benefit
of the Republican party. Sir, I hurl back with
scorn and indignation the charge. The pa-
tience and long suffering exercised by the ma-
jority of this House toward a man who has
shamefully betrayed them and broken every
pledge he has made to them for the last four
years, and who has' committed aseries of dis-
graceful usurpations unequttled in the history
of the Government, is a sufficient answer to
this chaTge. We have earnestly desired to
avoid impeachment, and have borne with his
outrageous conduct until further forbearance
not only ceascs to be a virtue, but becomes a
crime. Our desire to avoid the disgrace of
having given our votes four years ago for a
man whom we were obliged to impeach for
high crimes and misdemeanors in office, and
an earnest effort to avoid the excitement in
the country incident to impeachment, ho has
construed into cowardice, and his friends have
given out that we dare not impeach him. He
has, however, seemed to be determined to
force us to this measure, and has at last put
himself and us in a condition that leaves us no
alternative. To pursue his present course is
ruin to the country, and he has gone SO far in
his mad career and is so thoroughly committed
to tho rebels that he cannot retrace his steps.
Even if he could and would, he would forfeit
what regard his present pretended friends have
for him, and could not regain the confidence
of those he has betrayed. He is very much
in the condition of one of Milton's noted char-
acters, who is represented to have said:
" Which way I fly is hell: myself am hell."
The loyal people of the country, whom An-
drew Johnson has betrayed, ask not for his
blood; they only demand that he shall be
restrained from further mischief. We deplore
the necessity for impeachment, but we cannot
disregard the stern demands of the law. In
my judgment the time has come when we, as
the representatives of the people, can no longer
delay the resort to the method provided in the
Constitution for the removal of a faithless Ex-
ecutive without becoming partakers in his
guilt. In no other way can the majesty of the
law and the safety of the Republic be main-
tained. The presentation of articles of im-
peachment is due to the President as well as
to those who demand it. A very large num-
ber of tho people believe him to be a bad man,
guilty of misdemeanors, deserving of impeach-
ment, and utterly unfit for the high position he
holds. If their views are correct he ought to
be impeached and removed from office. If he
is innocent it is right that, he should have an
opportunity to vindicate his conduct before
the country. The trial will give him ample
opportunity to do this.
We ask to be relieved from the rule of a bad
man, accidentally in the presidential chair, by
the peaceful mode provided in the Constitu-
tion, and we are met at the threshold by the
gentleman from New York [Mr. BrooksI with
threats of war and blood, and are given to un-
derstand that he and his Democratic associates
will "never, never, never" submit to such an
outrage.
Sir, these threats, coming from the party
notoriously the party of peace in time of war.
and of war in time of peace, have no terrors
for the people of this country. They will,
(Through their Representatives, vindicate the
genius of their Government and its ability to
execute peacefully their desires. The rebels,
through their armed resistance, have been
crashed oat by the valor of Our soldiers—have,
as they proposed to do, by the aid of theirpolit-
ie.il friends in the North, transferred the conflict
from the field to the ballot-box and the coordi-
nate department of the Government. Wo
meet to-day on this floor, and in the country,
the same elements that our armies contended
against in the field. The difference is not in
the spirit of the contest, but in the fact that
Andrew Johnson leads tho rebels and their
friends instead of Jeff. Davis. The issue is not
uncertain. The friends of American liberty
will triumph here as they did in the field. The
j nation has before it a future which history will
j record in spite of rebel hands. The gentleman
i from New York [Mr. Brooks] said the other
! day in a speech on this subject: "It is his
