1754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mareti 9,
this bill, and especially the part of it we are
now considering, is the appropriate subject to
which to apply the necessities and the duties
which are upon us to lop off excrescences in
the public service.
We considered this bill, coming from the
House, containing an item based upon what
was termed an estimate, something which has
been truly called a lump, meaning, 1 beg to say,
nobody knows what, in detail; and we thought
that the sum which we proposed here was large
enough as far as we could discover for this
purpose. I think so still. I have heard noth-
ing which changes my opinion. I find nothing
to change it in this bill of particulars which the
Senator from Massachusetts has held up two or
three times, and which I have taken the trouble
to look at. Very far from it. It is a bill of
items relating to the year 1866. 1 have had no
opportunity to look it through; but I have
looked far enough to find what I will now state.
Here are items in a single year of moneys paid
to one single person for acting as dispatch agent
amounting to about eight thousand dollars.
Some of the items which I have added up
amount to $7,956, and 1 have rejected all the
broken sums.
Mr. SUMNER. Which agent was that?
Will the Senator mention the name?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir; Mr. Derby.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. Derby, of New York?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir; of New York,
which latter fact implies that he is entitled to
rcceive all that anybody ought to receive for
that service ; but, notwithstanding the fact that
he is from New York, he was paid about
$8,000 during this year. Here is an item for
board of a lady who is not of New York, and
her name, I suppose, will not be inquired for,
amounting to 31,867, and some other items
connected with her.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In this country
or abroad ?
Mr. CONKLING. She was not from Maine,
I beg to assure the gentleman, and not from
New York. I do not think it is proper to de-
scribe her more minutely than that. She
boarded at Willavd's hotel, I think; Sykes,
Cliadvvick & Co. are the creditors. Then here
are items for presents and for a great variety
of things.
Now, sir, looking at all this, the committee
thought it would be safe just once to try the
experiment of limiting this sum ; and, if it
should fall short, allowing an account to be pre-
sented as the basis of an item in a deficiency
bill. If it does fall short, and if in truth for
items which ought to be allowed a larger ex-
penditure is necessary, I think this body may
repose with, perfect security upon the expecta-
tion that there will come from the State Depart-
ment a statement satisfactory by items of the
deficit which is needed. I do not believe itwill
be forgotten, and I do not believe wo shall fail
to receive it.
Therefore it seemed to the committee that
this was that place which the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] said this morn-
ing he had been looking for, a place to begin
with, a place where we could put down our
foot once in favor of reduction—I will not use
the word "retrenchment," as that seems to
be a suspected word here—but where we could
put down our foot in favor of reduction, in the
hope that we might be able to keep it there.
And now why should we not try it?
Some Senator said, as if it was a bugbear,
as if it. was a frightful presence from which we
should shrink, that this would lead to the
necessity of putting something in a deficiency
bill. Suppose it does? That is a mere change
of name ; it does not cost any more to put it
in a deficiency bill than in an appropriation
bill. Now, let us run that daring risk for
once. Let us be bold and do something that
is here to "54° 40' or fight" on this subject,
and reduce the item, taking the bold hazard
of the die that there may come the necessity
of putting something into a deficiency bill. I
think if we should risk even that probably we
should survive it.
Mr. President, I did not wish to make any
general remarks about the propriety or the
necessity of retrenchment; far from it. [Several
Senators rose.] I was going to add a re-
mark, but as so many Senators are impatient
for the floor I will yield.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend from New
York, as if I were the only person who had
said anything about this cry of economy, evi-
dently aimed his remarks on that point at me.
I am not going to have any quarrel with my
friend about it; but still I teei called upon to
say a word or two.
1 said that I wanted it understood that I was
for economy as well as other people, because
it seemed to be the fashion of the day to give
notice that we were for economy. It is the
first time I have ever given that notice, be-
cause I have been content heretofore to let
the country form its own opinion upon that
subject. And I think, as a matter of taste, if
we go on doing our duty and let the country
form its own opinions by what we do it will be
quite as well as to be eternally yelling for econ-
omy and seeing which can yell the loudest, in
order to convey the idea that we in particular
are very economical. It is not to the fact of
economy that I object; I want everybody to
understand that. It is not to the fact that we
speak of the necessity of economy that I object.
It is rather to the fact that we make that a
pretense sometimes to quarrel with appropria-
tions which are necessary in themselves, and
thus wo get ourselves into difficulty by holding
out hopes to the country which we cannot
realize in the very nature of the thing. That
is my difficulty.
I agree witli my friend from New York, that
it is rather difficult to find a place where we
should begin. We did, however, find a very
good place the other day upon the pension bill.
We began by saving $500,000 there. We were
united upon that. It is, as has been remarked,
a little too much the case that we attempt these
savings upon small matters absolutely neces-
sary, and neglect very much weightier matters.
When the word " economy" is used with refer-
ence to somegreat scheme of internal improve-
ment or something of that sort gentlemen at
otice cry out, "That is noplace because it is not
economy to avoid these large expenditures of
millions for public works, because at some
future day they are to pay back a great deal more
than we expend." That may be true, or it
may not. It is an experiment that we are too
apt to make, I judge, without stopping to con-
sider whether in fact we are certain that we
shall have all we lay out paid back again.
Now, sir, what I complained of my friends
of the Committee on Appropriations is not
that they attempt to economize. That I should
be very glad to support them in; but it really
is not too much to ask for some reason why
they do a particular thing. Take this special
case, for instance. Go back to a period of great
comparative economy in our expenditures—
the period immediately before the war—and
you find that a certain sum was appropriated
for years successively for these two items, rec-
ognized items of public expenditure. We find
that this bill has passed through the hands of
a Committee on Appropriations in the House
of Representatives, careful, anxious to econo-
mize, who have done all they could with the
very best motives, I have no doubt, to econo-
mize in all branches of public expenditure
which come under their supervision.
They fixed these items at $50,000 and $30,000
respectively, and fixed them on a careful exam-
ination, as we are bound to presume, of the
reasons which the Department had to give for
them and a comparison with what had been
done heretofore. That appropriation in these
separate items, amounting together to $80,000,
S comes into the Senate, and our Committee on
Appropriations proposes to put, them into one
single item and to cut down the amount appro
priated to $20,000, and they say that, in their
judgment, is enough. When'we ask them for
the reasons of it,, they fail to give any. They
say they think it is enough from all the inform-
ation they have. Have they gone to the
Department and examined the items of ex-
Senditure? No. Have they called upon the
department to explain why it wants $50,000
for one item and $30,000 for the other? No.
Have they taken pains to inform themselves
sufficiently to saywhether we can get along
for less than one half the sum in the State
Department that was appropriated in the year
I860 before the war, when $20,000 was appro-
priated for one of these item sand $40,000 for
the other? No. But they say that they think
on the whole $20,000 will be enough ; and
from any information that I can derive from
them, I am not aware that they know what
those items are to be"applied to.
Now, my friend from New York will pardon
me for saying simply that his reasons are not
conclusive, for he does not give me the facts,
lie upturns all that was decided before the
war; he goes "back of all that and insists that
he thinks it is so because he thinks it is so;
that is the amount of it. He has not heard
any arguments here to satisfy him to the con-
trary. I beg leave to say to him that heshould
give us the arguments to satisfy us that there
is good reason for cutting it down and not call
upon us to give reasons to the contrary. That
is not the business of the Senators generally.
I think, with great respect to my friends, it is
the business of the committee to give the spe-
cific reasons or information on which they have
acted, and they should be familiar with the
items that make up these specific appropria-
tions here of two sums, and tell us how and
why and in what particular points a reduction
can be made, instead of calling upon us and
blaming members of the Senate who really ask
for information, and who are quite as anxious
as they are to do no more than is necessary,
but to do all that may be necessary in $rderto
accomplish the particular purpose.
My opinion—I do not pretend thatit is worth
more than that of any other Senator on the sub-
ject—is, that looking to the examinations I
have previously made, and upon my little
knowledge of the items that go to make up
these specific appropriations, $20,000 cannot
be substituted safely in the place of the $80,000
which the House put in this bill, or in place
of the $60,000, which was appropriated before
the war commenced. I do not know how we
can get along with it. I had a question occur
to me about which I was not positively certain,
and I will ask my friend from Pennsylvania,
who has had some experience on the subject,
whether the item of office rentforforeign min-
isters is not paid out of this appropriation ?
Mr. BUCKALEW, No, sir."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understood that it
was, but I was not certain on that subject. If
it was that would cover more than twenty thou-
sand dollars, I suppose, taking all the missions.
My friend from Oregon complains without
reason that this information is not furnished by
the Department, because it would be furnished
by the Department if called for, and he will
recollect from his experience on the Commit-
tee on Finance that we are always obliged in
all these cases to take these items in the lump.
If you go beyond that, and ask specific details
for all of them, your bills would fill volumes,
and we should never get through in the world;
we should be making ourselves a mere account-
ing bureau to look at all the little items of
expenditure. It cannot be done. The De-
partments make the estimates just as they have
always been making them, so that there is no
objection in that particular.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Allow me to suggest
that we had the same sort of controversy,
according to my recollection, over these items
in former appropriation bills last year and the
year before, and I do not remember now that
I had any information on the subject. When
on this occasion the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations stated that
the Senate had to act on this subject without
any information I supposed his representation
in that respect was correct, because it accorded
with my recollection of former appropriations.
