1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3803
proportion to the amount of the public debt.
The sum of $1^50,000,000 will cover all the
precious metals in the United States. Our
mines now produce about seventy-five million
dollars per annum. Yet we are exporting not
only every dollar we produce from the mines,
but also $10,000,000, $15,000,000, ay, even
$2o, 000,000 of the reserve in the country. Now,
until we can break up this system, until we can
produce in this country all the articles which
are necessary for our own consumption, until
we can retain in this country the products of
our mines, we never can have a healthy sys-
tem of finances in the United States. But
suppose we can keep in the United States the
products of our mines for ten or fifteen years,
thereby accumulating $75,000,000 from year
to year for ten years, and increase the amount
of precious metals in this country in ten years
to ยง1,000,000,000, wewill have solved the great
problem of our finances, and placed the finan-
cial condition of our country upou an enduring
foundation.
Believing that some legislation should be
adopted which would look to a reduction of
the importation of foreign goods, I introduced
a bill some weeks ago which is substantially
thesame as the amendment I have just offered
to the bill now before the House. In that bill
I proposed that all the duties which are now
due upon the imported goods now remaining
in the warehouses of the country shall be paid
within sixty days; and that all duties levied
upon goods hereafter imported shall be paid
within thirty days after those goods are ware-
housed at the ports of entry or at the ports of
delivery when they are shipped in bond. By
this means we will certainly discourage the
enormous importation of goods brought into
our market, and the large drain of precious
metals from the United States, amounting to
seventy-five to one hundred million dollars a
year continually.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. M0HRELL. I propose to call the pre-
vious question, but before doing so, I yield to
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lykoh.]
Mr. IjYNCH. I propose to amend the bill
by inserting after the word "merchandise,"
in line three, the words " of foreign manufac-
ture." 1 understand that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Morrell] is willing to
accept this amendment.
The SPEAKER. The bill having been re-
ported from a committee, the gentleman
reporting it cannot accept an amendment.
Mr. MOKRELL. I am willing that the
amendment shall be offered.
Mr. LYNCH. I also propose to add at the
end of the'iirst section the following proviso :
P)Ovkled. That unrelined sugar shaft not bo con-
sidercd manufactured goods.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Morrell], who
I believe has indicated his purpose to demand
the previous question, whether he wishes to
cut off a motion to refer this bill to the proper
committee. It is in fact a little tariff bill, and
as I understand, does not properly come from
the Committee on Manufactures. It proposes
to regulate the warehouse system, and belongs
either to the Committee on Commerce, or to
the Committee of Ways and Means. I should
like an opportunity to state why the bill ought
to be referred to one of these committees.
Mr. MORRELL. I have no desire, and I
know the Committee on Manufactures have no
desire, to interfere with the jurisdiction of any
other committee. This matter was referred to
us by the Hoitee, and has been considered and
reported upon by our committee. If, however,
the House sees proper to take the matter out
of our hands and refer it to another committee
it can do so.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be sustained, as I wish to submit
a motion to refer, and upon that motion make
some remarks.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Moubell] to yield to me
for five minutes.
Mr. MORRELL. I will do so.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker, I was not
aware that this bill was to come up for con-
sideration this morning, and therefore I am
not prepared to make any extended remarks
upon it, even if I had time to do sj. But I
want to call the attention of members of the
House to the fact that this is merely a bill to
increase the duties on most imported goods
about six per cent, in gold. It is a tariff bill
in disguise, and it comes here from the Com-
mittee on Manufactures, when it should have
been considered by the Committee of Ways
and Means. I want to call the attention of
the House to the fact that it increases the
duties upon every pound of tea and every
pound of coffee that goes into the poor man's
hovel as well as into the rich man's palace.
It not only does that, but it increases the duty
upon every article of necessity that is used in
this country. When those goods go into
bonded warehouses, if our tariff is not high
enough, why not readjust it in a proper way
and increase the duties on these goods? Or
if the warehouse system is corruptly conducted,
why not abolish it or reorganize it in some
form? The committtee have made an elabo-
rate report showing the defects of this system,
but they do not produce a remedy for our con-
sideration to cure these evils.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Moiirell] says that goods are placed in bonded
warehouses free of charge. That is not the
fact. The very highest rates of storage are
paid by these importers when they place their
goods in warehouses, whether they are put
in bonded warehouses of the United States
or in the bonded warehouses under the control
and jurisdiction of the custom-house officers
at the various ports of entry. Now, I submit
to the House that it is not fair to advance under
this disguise the duties so as to increase five or
six per cent., on an average, the rates upon
every article imported into this country, most
of which necessarily go into bonded ware-
houses, not alone the articles that come into
competition with the American manufacturer,
but on all those articles of luxury or of neces-
sity not manufactured at all in this country.
The bill provides that there shall be paid at
the rate of six per cent, per annum upon the
whole amount of duties imposed upon such
goods, wares, or merchandise from the time of
such entry, most of which from the necessities
of commerce remain in warehouse from six to
twelve months. A few days ago wo spent sev-
eral hours for the purpose of showing that the
ship-building interests of this country were in
a depressed condition.
Mr. PIKE. I suppose the Committee of
Ways and Means are greatly troubled about
that matter! They are just beginning to
wake up.
Mr. ALLISON. Here is a proposition
striking a direct blow at the commerce of the
country in sayiug that a man who imports
goods shall, at the moment of importation,
declare whether they are for consumption or
exportation. How can the importer tell
whether the goods he imports to-day are to be
consumed in the United States or reexported
to a foreign country ; he may find a market for
them in South America or Mexico a year
hence? Yet, sir, this proposition compels
him on the moment he enters them at the cus-
tom-house to say whether they are for con-
sumption or exportation, which will discourage
the making up of assorted export cargoes in
our ports of entry.
Mr. O'NEILL. I wish to ask whether these
poor importers do not know when they are
going to ship goods whether they are for con-
sumption or for exportation to South America
or Mexico V
Mr. ALLISON. They do not know where
the best market may be. They may be re-
quired to make up an assorted cargo at Boston
or New Y'ork, or at some other port of entry.
Mr. O'NEILL. Let me ask the gentleman
another question.
Mr, ALLISON.
I cannot yield further, h
Therefore, Mr. Speaker, it seems to me this
bill should have further consideration. I have
great faith in the Committee on Manufactures.
I know they have examined the subject with
great care. I have read the report of the chair-
man of the committee with great interest. He
develops some important facts ; but, sir, I am
not prepared, as one member of the House,
to increase the duties on imports some six per
cent, without at least further reflection. I
think the duties are high enough now upon
most goods whether for purposes of revenue
or protection. Is not fifty to' sixty per cent,
upon iron enough? Is not seventy-five to one
hundred and twenty-five per cent, enough on
woolen goods?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MOIIRELL. I yield now to the gentle-
man from Ohio.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move the bill be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. MOIIRELL. I yield to the chairman
of the committee to make that motion, but I
hope it will not prevail.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman allow
me a few minutes in which to state my reasons ?
Mr. MORRELL. I will yield for three
minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I have read
with a great deal of interest the exceedingly
able report of the chairman of the Committee
on Manufactures, but his committee must allow
me to say I think this bill is rather an ignoble
conclusion to so full and able a report. I
agree with the gentleman, the warehouse sys-
tem is full of rottenness ; and the examination
we have made to a certain extent in our com-
mittee have enabled us to agree with him in
such conclusions. But does he propose to
remedy any of them ? Not at all. He dis-
covers the warehouse system is all wrong, but
there is a little tariff bill in disguise intro-
duced by way of reform. It amounts to no
more or less than that. 1 humbly conceive
this subject of tariff, whether it conies in the
shape of imposts on goods entered and lying in
the bonded warehouses, or in any other shape,
belongs to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and therefore I think this bill should go to that
committee.
My friend from Philadelphia [Mr. O'Neill]
congratulates the House that, instead of having
gone to the Committee of Ways and Means or
to the Committee on Commerce, it has fallen
into the hands of intelligent men who under-
stand it. I will not take issue with him on
that, but such as we are and such capacity as
wo have we should endeavor to give to the
subjects which under the rules of the House
belong to our committee. Now, sir,-1 have
said this is a tariff bill, repeating what I said
when I first called attention to it, and which
was afterward confirmed by my colleague on
the committee, [Mr. Allihox.] It is an indi-
rect mode, says the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. O'Neill,] devised by the Com-
mittee on Manufactures for protection to be
given to the manufactures of this country. I
have no remarks to make at this time on the
merits of the bill itself, only it should have the
investigation of the committee to which it be-
longs. But I will say this, that it certainly
presents a subject about which there may be a
question on both sides. The gentleman liom
Missouri [Mr. Pile] referred to one of the
objections which may exist to this bill. It gives
an advantage to the importers or merchants at
the sea-board over those in the interior. The
latter must necessarily be subjected by lapse
of time to these additional charges from winch
the former, being at the sea-board, may entirely
escape.
Again, there ought to be some consistency
in our legislation. The other day the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means proposed to allow
whisky to remain in bonded warehouses three
months. The House extended the time to six
months. The Senate, as we see by the pub-
lished proceedings, have extended it to twelve
months. But nobody thinks of charging inter-
est while it remains there. I observe that
