1868.]
•APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
40th Cons...;2d
Impeachment—Mr. Glossbrenner.
IiO: OF REPS.
[the President'sj'rightand that of every citizen
to judge of the' constitutionality of any act of
Congress." And this he said in justification
of the President's attempt to remove Mr.- Stan-
ton. The right of private judgment in regard
to an act of Congress or any other subject no
one will deny, but this does not carry with it
the right of President or people to violate an
express provision of law, however obnoxious
it may be to them. By this doctrine, enun-
ciated by the gentleman from New York, taken
in connection with the application he made
of it, every citizen in the land may justify him-
self in the violation of any law that might in-
terfere with his unholy desires. It is the doc-
trine of anarchy and revolution. It is the
doctrine that inspired the nullification ordi-
nance of South Carolina in 1832, which was so
summarily trodden in the dust by Andrew Jack-
son. It is the same which was resurrected
again in 1861, and became the watchword of
the rebellion. We have been told that this
doctrine had been abandoned, that it had been
burned out of southern soil by the fires of
war. Mr. Chairman, this is but another evi-
dence that the spirit of rebellion, overpowered
and vanquished on the battle-field, is again
reappearing in these representative Halls; and
it is a striking admonition to the people of
this country that men with the least taint of
sympathy with_ the spirit of rebellion should
not be trusted in responsible positions. It is
said that the President only desired to test the
constitutionality of the tenure-of-office act in
the courts. This, at least, is a very poor ex-
cuse for a violation of law. Other methods
were open to him. Indeed, the President has
facilities for this that the other party does not
possess, and the course he has chosen indicates
that he did not desire that the case should be
settled by the courts, but to avoid it. A writer
on this subject, an able jurist, has presented
the case very clearly, as follows:
"It lias already been shown that a quo warranto
could at any moment have been issued, if applied for
by the Government, to try tho right of Mr. Stanton
to remain in tho Department of War, and it is right
to infer that this writ would have been applied for
if the real purpose of the President had been to try
the validity of the disputed law.
" But let us goonestep lurther. Suppose the Pres-
ident had, by any of his efforts, succeeded in keeping
Mr. Stanton out of the office, or in turning him out",
as attempted, through General Thomas, what then
would have been thecondition of tilings?
"Simply this: no writ of quo icarranto could have
been issued, and the President would have been
njasterof the situation, without any danger of a de-
cision by the coui ts.
" The writ of quo warranto, as 1ms been said, is the
king's writ, and issues only at the instance of the
sovereign to remedy some encroachments upon the
privileges, franchises, or officers of the sovereign. It
is not given to settle private and individual rights,
and does not lie at the instance of one individual
against another.
" This is fully settledby the following ease which is
familiar to lawyers, and to which I refer: Wallace
vft. Anderson, o Wheat., 291. Mr. Chief Justice
Marshall delivered the opinion of the court, ' that
a writ of quo warranto could not be maintained ex-
cept at the instance of the Government, and as this
writ was issued by a private individual, without tho
authority of tho Government, it could not be sus-
tained, whatever might be the light of the prosecu-
tor or the person claiming to exercise the office in
question. The information must, therefore, be dis-
missed.'
"It will thus be seen, at a glance, that had thePresi-
dentinduced General Grant to hold onto tho War
Department, or had ho placed General Thomas in
the Department after ejecting Ml". Stanton, either
through deception or by the use of the Army or
IS avy, both of which he attempted to use, there could
have been no casemade by quo iro-rrc/utn for trying the
validity of tho disputed law, unless such writhacbbeen
applied for on behalf of the Government; and there is
nothing in this ease to warrant the opinion that Mr.
Stanbery would have made such application at the
instance of Secretary Stanton.
" We are thus brought to conclude that the Presi-
dent has not proceeded in the business for the pur-
pose of having this law brought before the courts,
but in order to keep it from the courts; and his pre-
sent pretense being false, accumulates evidence that
bis motive was from the beginning criminal."
It is possible thai now, when the President's
so-rmich-talked-of desire to have the case tried
in the courts promises to be gratified by giv-
ing him an opportunity to have it settled by the
people's court—the highest known to the Con-
stitution—he may adopt the course that has
been open to him all the time, and by which
he might have had his powers determined
without a resort to revolutionary measures. I
venture the opinion, however, that he will
avoid anything of the kind. :
But the friends of Mr. Johnson say he has
committed no crime deservingof impeachment.
So the same men say of Jeff. Davis and all the
other traitors. They do not believe any rebel
has committed any crime for which he should
be punished. The South held that they had a
right to secede and set up a government of
their own, and they did so, and attempted to
maintain it by force of arms. Mr. Johnson
holds—or his friends on this floor hold for
him—that he has the right to defy such laws
as do not meet his approbation, and he has
done so. He also held that he had the right,
without consulting Congress, to reorganize gov-
ernments with traitors at their head, and he
did so, and the same men who sustained the
former applaud the latter. la proof that I do
not state the case too strongly I have but to
refer to the remarkable speech made a few
days since on this floor by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward.] He declared,
in substance, that rather than submit to im-
peachment and removal by Congress the Pres-
cient would be justified in using the Army and
Navy in such a manner as would "make an
end of impeachment and impeachers." Com-
ing, as it does, from a gentleman standing high
in his party, this is a startling declaration, and
if it came from a source having power to exe-
cute such a threat might well create alarm and
consternation. As it is, the possibility that
an attempt may be made should not be over-
looked; and, being thus so explicitly fore-
warned, it is the part of wisdom to be fore-
armed.
But any effort of this kind would signally
fail. The Army and Navy cannot be used for
any such purpose. They are composed of law-
abiding men, who cannot, be induced to oppose
the execution of the laws or to act in violation
of their provisions. For months the President
has been approaching one officer after another
of the Army to persuade them to assume a
position against law, and which General Grant
has flatly refused to occupy, and he has but
recently found one officer only who can be in-
duced to do his bidding in this regard.
In view of threats that have been made on
this floor, and, if we can credit popular rumor,
at the other end of the avenue, it is a source
of very great encouragement and congratula-
tion that all the most successful soldiers of the
country are ready to sustain the Constitution
and the laws against presidential usurpation.
Grant, Sherman, Sheridan, George II. Thomas,
Sickles, Burnside, Chamberlin, Butler, Logan,
Banks, Meade, and a host of others not less
worthy in their sphere have proved themselves to
be incorruptible. Many of them Democrats at
the beginning of the war, they abandoned the
party when it became the party of treason, and,
mindful only of duty, contended successfully
against treason in the field, and are nowreadyto
fight the same enemies in their attempt to accom-
plish in the national Councils what they failed
to do by the sword. With such men, aided by
the rank and file of the Army, most of whom
are now engaged in the pursuits of civil life,
but ready to spring to arms whenever the lib-
erty of the nation should again be imperiled,
with glorious old Farragut ready to lash him-
self again to the mast-head, and his faithful
officers and seamen, and with the millions of
patriotic civilians who keep watch at the citadel
of liberty, the country will stand any shock
that the removal of a faithless President will
cause.
But the removal of the President will pro-
duce no shock to any of the interests of the
country. The threats of the friends of the
President, heard on this floor and elsewhere,
will end in smoke. Nobody is going to make
war on Andrew Johnson's account. The gold
gamblers managed to carry up the price two
or three cents when the House first took .action
On the 22d of February, but were unable to
keep' it there except for a single day, when it
fell back as if nothing had happened. What
the:busines& of the' fcountry needs- is stability
unanimity jii the councils of the nation, whieh
cannot be had while Andrew Johnson is fight-
ing with all the power of his high office the-
legislative branch of the Government. The
prospect of his removal has already aroused
the indignation of 6very rebel in the- latld.
This we might reasonably expect. And it is
not strange that those in the North who-
opposed us in all the most important measures
to crush the rebellion should oppose us now
in our attempt to remove the last hope on
which they depend to establish and perpetuate
rebel ascendency in the South. On the other
hand, the men who never faltered in the dark
days of our history are all for impeachment.
No event since the surrender of Lee has
created such joy and inspired so much confi-
dence in the hearts of the loyal millions of
the country as the movement now being made
to relieve them from the power of an Execu-
tive in whom they have lost all confidence.
They will hail his removal from oflice with
profound gratitude as the beginning of better
days.
If it could be positively known to-day that
the Presidentwould be impeached and removed
from office within the next month the country
would breathe freer and there would be more
confidence in business circles than there has
been since the beginning of the war.
In the name of the loyal people of the South
struggling for free governments against presi-
dential persecution and rebel hate; in the name
of the business of the country now d-eranged,
and in some instances paralyzed, by this ob-
structionist ; in the name of nearly a half
million brave men whose spirits went up to God
from the thunder and smoke of a hundred
battle-fields; in the name of the thousands of
mourning widows and unprotected orphans of
the men whose graves declare the price of
liberty in this country; in the name of the
maimed and broken-down heroes who crowd
our streets, painfully reminding us of the danger
of allowing bad men to continue in important
official positions; in the name of that quiet and
peace which the country so much needs, and of
which the lawless aets of this man have so long
deprived us; and in behalf of the loyal people I
have the honor to represent, I demand the trial
of the President of tho United States for high
crimes and misdemeanors in office, and, if
fonnd guilty, his removal from the high position
he has too long disgraced.
Impeachment.
SPEECHOFHON. A. J. GLOSSBRENNER,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
Ik the House of Representatives,
March 2, 18G8,
On the articles of impeachment reported from the
committee.
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER. Mr. Chairman, if I
could permit myself to disregard the grave con-
sequences to the country that may, and in all
human probability must, follow the consum-
mation of what is manifestly the purpose of the
majority of this House, I might contemplate
with pleasure the unmistakable indications that
the ultra Radicals are about to overcome all
opposition in the counsels of the Republican
party.
If I could look with mere partisan eyes upon
the events now passing before us in historic
march I would be inclined to rejoice at this selt-
destruction—this political hurt kan—of the
party which has so long1 and successfully main-
tained internal dissension and estrangement
throughout the land, and kept alive, by wicked
appliances contrived with devilish ingenuity, a
war,of which the American people hoped they
