1756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
Mr. SUMNER. I ask my friend would it
not have been expedient in advance for the
committee to have communicated with the
State Department, and ascertained the nature
of the' expenditure under the appropriation ?
Mr. GRIMES. Allow me to make an inquiry.
As we cannot get any information from the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
on this subject, and as it comes peculiarly under
the jurisdiction of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and as he has
doubtless investigated it, we having continued
this appropriation ever since 1810, I will ask
of him its history, and how the money has been
applied, and what necessity there is for its
continuance ?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senate is very well
aware that in our relations with the Barbary
Powers, we have from the beginning been put
to expense of a peculiar character; such as we
have not in our relations with the civilized
Powers. There are expenses for presents 
Mr. GRIMES. What are those Barbary
Powers at this time?
Mr. SUMNER. There is the very consid-
erable empire of Morocco, so-called; and there
is also the principality of Tunis and that of
Tripoli. That of Algiers has been absorbed
by France. But you have three different Pow-
ers, one of them of very considerable extent;
I mean the empire of Morocco. The other
two, Tunis and. Tripoli, are smaller, and they
are chiefly interesting from the capital cities,
Tunis and Tripoli. Each of these three Gov-
ernments is of a character that requires a class
of expenditures which we do not enter upon
in our dealings with what we may cp.ll the civ-
ilized Powers. It has been so from the begin-
ning.
When the Senator from Iowa interrupted me
I was mentioning that there was an item of
presents. That may seem very trivial; but
then it has been found in conducting the rela-
tions of our Government with these Powers
that it was expedient to be able occasionally
to make such presents.
Mr. HOWE. Let me ask the Senator from
Massachusetts if tiie presents are not charged
to the contingent fund in the account he has
just presented?
Mr. SUMNER. This is a special fund for
our relations with the Barbary Powers.
Mr. HOWE. But are not the presents made
to the commissioners from Tunis charged in
the account just presented, to the contingent
fund for foreign intercourse?
Mr. SUMNER. There were expenses for
the Tunisians. The Senator is awate, perhaps,
that the Bey of Tunis sent a present to the
United States of a full-length portrait of him-
self which now adorns the Department of State;
and I do not kuow how the fact is, but I pre-
sume that has been acknowledged in some way.
Perhaps the Senator remembers that very early
in our history the Bey of Tunis pointed one of
our naval officers, when he landed in his pal-
ace, to the portrait of Washington and said
that he admired the characterof George Wash-
ington very much.
Mr. HOWE. But the point I make is that
whatever the portrait may have cost it was
charged to another fund, and not to this fund.
We do not want any such fund as this to pay
for a portrait or any other present.
Mr. SUMNER. That may be so or may
not; I have no special information on the sub-
ject. I have presented to the Senate all the
information I possess, and I know that is little
enough. I wish I could satisfy the Senate
more clearly. All that I mean to say is—and
to that I call the serious attention of the Sen-
ate—that we should not interfere with this
time-honored appropriation unless on reasons.
Now, if my excellent friend from Maine will
give me reasons for it, then I shall follow him.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My reason is
that we have got past the period when it is
necessary to buy baubles to give to savages on
the other side of the world.
Mr. SUMNER. Is the Senator sure of
that ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope so, at any
rate; and anybody who looks to this law which
is said to justify this appropriation will see
that it is the merest sham on earth. There is
a statute passed in 1810, and I have read the
statute to which we are referred as an author-
ity for appropriating $3,000 for this purpose.
Now, let us lgok at it and see whether that is
a good voucher for an appropriation of $3,000:
" That it shall not bo lawful for the consuls of the
United States residing on the Biu-bary coast, or
either of thorn, to expend, or to •disburse, or pay, or
cause to bo paid, for any purpose, or on any pretense
whatever not authorized by law, to any one of the
Barbary Powers, or to the officers or subjects thereof,
a greater sum than $3,000 in any one year, with intent
to charge the United States with the samewithout
first obtaining a special approbation in writing from
the President of the United States for that purpose."
Does any man on earth believe that it is
necessary for one of these consuls to pay one
single dollar in the way of gratuities or pres-
sents to the Barbary Powers ?
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to suggest to
my friend one thing which, perhaps, has escaped
his attention, that all our consuls at these
places are obliged more or less to employ in-
terpreters, or what are called dragomans.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is pro-
vided for in this bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon;
there is a provision for the expenses of the
consulates in the Turkish dominions, namely
interpreters, guards, and other expenses of
the consulates at Constantinople, Symrna,
Candia, Alexandria, and Beirout $2,500; but
there is no provision for that same class of
expenses in the Barbary States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I find, on look-
ing at the list, that the consul at Tangiers has
a salary of $3,000.
Mr. SUMNER. As consul.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. At Tunis the
salary is §3,000.
Mr. SUMNER. As consul.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. At Tripoli it is
$3,000.
Mr. SUMNER. As consul again.
Mr. MORliiLL, of Maine. There is in this
bill a general appropriation for the purchase of
blank books, stationery, book-cases, arms of
the United States, seals, presses, and flags,
the payment of postages, and other miscella-
neous expenses of the consuls of the United
States, §30,000.
Mr. SUA1NER. All consuls.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I know ; but it
covers every conceivable thing in the way of
expense that these consuls can be subjected
to ; and this $3,000 is for what? They are
authorized to disburse this money in pacificat-
ing these savages—buying baubles.
Mr. PRSSENDEN. The money seems to
have been spent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It lias been ap-
propriated every year, and doubtless has been
expended. I dare say it is a very convenient
thing for these three consuls to have a fund to
keep themselves on good terms with these
people; but the question is whether it is the
policy of a great people to command respect in
that way. The committee did not think so.
Mr. SUMNER. They must have interpre-
ters. There are very few of our agents abroad
that speak Arabic.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But what evi-
dence is there that this goes for interpretation?
Mr. GRIMES. I understood the Senator
from Massachusetts to say that he had not the
slightest information on this subject.
Mr. SUMNER. I am going on general
Mr. CONNESS. But I understand that this
is called a time-honored appropriation. What
does that mean?
Mr. SHERMAN. Senators to-day have
been continually inquiring for information,
when the information is annually laid on our
tables and never read by mortal man.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Except the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; occasionally I refer
to it, simply as a matter of curiosity. Senators
have been discussing these items all day, when
we have annually a book of "receipts and
expenditures'' published and laid on our tables.
Here is the last one I can lay my hands on,
and from pages 93 to 109 are covered with
details of our expenditures for our foreign
service, showing how many dollars and how
many cents have been paid out to each person
connected with the foreign service.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will you give us that for
the Barbary Powers?
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not able now to
select that particular item, but I have no doubt
it grows out of the habits of the Barbary Pow-
ers, among whom we know that no a,gent of
Government can be approached without a
present. It is a time-honored custom.
Mr. SUMNER. And without an interpreter,
let me say to my friend.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know anything
about interpreters.
Mr. SUMNER. Very few speak Arabic.
Mr. SHERMAN. When you approach a
servant of one of those Governments you have
to bribe him; and this, I have no doubt, is for
the purpose of bribing, and probably you can-
not carry on your intercourse with these nations
without bribing. You have to do it if you
intend to maintain commercial intercourse with
them. Of course we want to trade with them
and make as much money out of them as possi-
ble. This system has been adopted by all the
civilized and Christian nations in dealing with
these people.
Mr. IiOWE. Let me ask the Senator from
Ohio if he does not think they are a little too
cheap at $3,000. Had we better not increase
that appropriation?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think not. We have no
minister in these countries; but if we have
any commerce with them, and intend to carry
on commercial intercourse with them, we must
adapt ourselves to the habits of the people
among whom we trade. When wc go among
the Indians we adopt the Indian habits to
some extent; we buy their buifalo skins and
whatever they have to sell and adopt their
mode of trading. When we go to the shores
of Africa we have to conform to the customs
there. When we are in Rome we must do as
Rome does. While I am not able from the
book before me to give the precise details as
to the expenditure of this 83,000, I have no
doubt it has been expended in accordancc with
the ordinary usage and customs of these peo-
ple, and that any attempt to change their hab-
its because we do not like them will probably
have the elfeet of destroying what little com-
merce we have with them, if we have any, and
I am not sure that we have any. I should not
be willing to strike out an appropriation of
this sort, which is a kind of monument, un-
less some very good reason can be assigned for
doing so. We may by that course probably
destroy the interest of our own citizens abroad
to a greater extent manyfold than the amount
appropriated for this purpose.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no doubt that by an
examination of that book the Senator from
Ohio will discover, that there has been paid
fifty dollars to such a person at such a time
and $100 to such another person at another
time under this appropriation, and that is all
that can be discovered. Now, in regard to the
subject-matter out of which this act of 1810
originated, I inquired of the most venerable
and ancient man I could discover in Washing-
ton, an old officer of the Navy, who has been
somewhat familiar with the subject of legisla-
tion and especially with that subject, for he
entered the service a year or two after our war
with the Barbary Powers which, I believe, was
in 1804, and his idea was that it proceeded o.it
of the piracy of the Barbary Powers perpetrated
upon American shipping at the beginning of
the century. After the war of 1804 with Al-
giers and Tripoli, we concluded to send con-
suls or commercial agents there, and it was
thought advisable at that time for a temporary
purpose only that they should be permitted, if
it became necessary, to use not exceeding
