1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175?
$3,000 a year, in some instances perhaps to
redeem a white man who had been captured
and taken into slavery, if such a case occurred -y
in other words, to placate or pacificate in the
language of that act the Barbary Powers.
Now, all that has been changed, Algeria, one
of [hem and the most conspicuous at that time,
has become a French province; and with the
other Powers we have no commerce whatever,
or next to none 5 and the Committee on Ap-
propriations thought there was 110 necessity for
continuing this hoary-headed absurdity on the
statute-book any longer.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes twenty-
one, noes not counted.
The next amendment was in lines one hun-
dred and five and one hundred and six to
reduce the appropriation for salaries of consuls
general, consuls, commercial agents, and con-
sular clerks from $425,000 to $400,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following proviso from the appropriation for
consular salaries, beginning in line one hun-
dred and six:
Provided, That no consul general, consuls, except
those consuls whose compensation is by fees, and 110
consular agents or commercial agents, shall be paid
except those specified in this act, and all laws and
parts of laws providing for the appointment or pay-
ment of any other consular officers than those in this
act specified, excepting those above specified, who
are paid by lees, are hereby repealed; and all mon-
eys received for fees at any vice consulates or consu-
lar agencies of the United States, beyond the sum of
$1,000 in any one year, and nil moneys received by
any consul or consul general from consular agencies
or vice consulates in excess of $1,000 dollars in the
aggregate from all such agencies or vice consulate^,
shall be accounted for and paid into the Treasury of
the United States, and nogreatersum than$500shall
be allowed for the expenses of any vice consulate or
consular agency.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to know from
the chairman why that proviso is to go out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Simply because
the committee did not understand its applica-
tion. We had no information as to the precise
difficulty it was proposed to provide for, and
we were not certain that it would provide for
any difficulty that was anticipated, and wc sup-
posed that we had better strike it out under
those circumstances, and ask a conference with
the House in order to get an explanation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was In line one hun-
dred and forty-five, to strike out "§17,000"
and insert "$12,500;" so as to make the
clause read :
For expenses under the act of Congress to carry
into effort, the treaty between the United States and
her Britannic majesty for the suppression of the
African slave trade, $12,500.
Mr. SUMNER. I suppose there is a reason
for that change. I should like to hear it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is the ex-
act expense provided for by the law. It covers
the exact expenses provided for by the statute.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of some one who is advised in regard to this
matter, if it is necessary to continue this appro-
priation for the suppression of the African
slave trade ? I believe we have some treaty on
the subject. Though perhaps this may not be
the most appropriate place to discuss it, X
should like to know whether we cannot be re-
leased from that obligation. Since the aboli-
tion of slavery in this country, there is very
little necessity, it seems to me, for keeping it
up. If we can be relieved from it I should
like to know it.
Mr. SUMNER. I will say in reply to the
Senator that, I have often thought of that my-
self. The treaty at the time was very benefi-
cent in its character.
Mr. THUMB DLL. I have no doubt of
that.
Mr. SUMNER. It did great good. It was
an example, and it was honorable to our
country. As much as any other thing at the
time it was entered into, it gave notice to the
civilized world that we were really in earnest
against slavery and the slave trade. For a
long time England had sought some such ne-
gotiation with us, but I need not remind the
Senate that our Government was then under
influences which of course would not hearken
to any such proposition. However, the treaty
was made and there is an act of Congress to
carry out that treaty. I see no way in which
there can be any modification, such as the
Senator proposes, without terminating or
modifying in some way the treaty stipulations.
If the Senator looks at the treaty—I have not
refreshed my memory with it, but I think I
bear them pretty well hi mind—-he will see that
the United States has there assumed certain
obligations. Among others, it is to appoint
certain officers who, if the occasion arises,
shall be a court for the trial of these offend-
ers. These officers arc distributed on the
coast of Africa. There is also a set of them,
if I may so express myself, in New York, one
of whom is our former friend and associate in
this Chamber, Mr. Truman Smith. It seems
to me we must begin with the treaty; but
whether the time has as yet come for that, F am
not prepared to sa.y, for although slavery has
been abolished in our own country, unhappily
it still exists in the two islands of Cuba and
Porto Rico, and also in the extensive empire
of Brazil. The slave trade, I am happy to
believe, has very much died out; but I am not
sure that it is not the operation of this very
treaty which has prevented the slave trader
from continuing his infamous traffic.
Under these circumstances it seems to me
certainly on this bill it would be improper to
approach this subject. I do not venture to say
that in some other way there may not be a mod-
ification of our treaty stipulations somewhat
in the sense of the suggestion of the honor-
able Senator from Illinois. But now I come
back to the proposition of the committee. I
understand from my honorable friend from
Maine that the sum he proposes is precisely
the salaries contemplated by the act of Con-
gress. The Senator makes no allowance for
incidental expenses. There are such; ^ I do
not know to what extent, but 1 think it is not
unreasonable to suppose that they would be
enough to make the sum in the House bill,
$17,000. I submit, therefore, to my friend
that it is hardly advisable to make this change.
At any rate he will excuse me if I repeat the
remark that I made before that he seems to
me to be striking in the dark.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest to the
Senator from Illinois that there is no option
so far as the Committee on Appropriations are
concerned. By the fourth article of the treaty
of 1802, volnmetwclve of the Statutes-at-Large,
page 1227, it was provided that—
" In order to bring to adjudication with as little
delay and inconvenience as possible the vessels whicti
ma,y lie detained according to the tenure of the first
article of this treaty, there shall be established as
soon as may be practicable three mixed courts of
justice formed by an equal number of individuals of
the two nations named for this purpose by their
respective Governments."
To carry that treaty into effect Congress
passed the act of July 11, 1862, a few months
afterward, as follows:
" That to carry into effect the provisions of the
treaty between tho United States and her Britannic
majesty for the suppression of the African slave trade,
the President be, and ho is hereby, authorized to nom-
inate, and by and with the advice and consent of tho
Senate, to appoint ajudgc.and also an arbitrator on
thepart of the United States, to reside at New York;
a judge and also an arbitrator to reside at Sierra Le-
one; and a judgo and also an arbitrator to reside at
the Cape of Good Hope," &e.
Now, I say to my friend from Massachusetts,
that according to the information the commit-
tee had upon the subject, they had no duties ;
there is not a day's duty at any one of these
courts in a year, so that the salary is a gratuity.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator under-
stand that it is so on the coast of Africa?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not under-
stand much about it, but merely the facts.
Mr. SUMNER. My information is that the
officers there complain very much that they can-
not live on the salary they have.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is hardly con-
ceivable, under the circumstances, that there
can be any incidental or outlying expenses not
intended to be covered by the salary.
Mr. SUMNER. Suppose there is only one
case in a year?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has there been any
case ?
Mr. SUMNER. No case in •New York.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There is really
no duty. It is merely a nominal concern.
Mr. WILSON. Allow me to make one sug-
gestion, and that is that the committee agreed
to appropriate what the law allows, and nothing
more. The committee have no right to report
anything else, and I think we should stand upon
that, whatever may be the decision of the Sen-
ate, that when there are appropriations in bills
coming here that have no law on which to rest,
we shall reject them. We have given in this
ease all that the lawpiovides shall be given.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. From the list
of consuls and other officers under the State
Department, 1 got the list of these officers
with their salaries, amounting to $12,500, and
that is the precise sum indicated in the law.
There is no law for any contingent expenses.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In making the sugges-
tion 1 did I did not mean to be understood as
opposing the appropriation. The law requir-
ing it, there is no other way for the commit-
tee, and I suppose no other way for Congress,
than to appropriate the sum of money that is
required, particularly as this law is passed in
fulfillment of a treaty. But my object was to
call attention to this matter. I think it would
be a matter worthy the consideration of the
Committee on Foreign Relations or of the De-
partment of State to inquire whether we could
not be relieved by some arrangement with
Great Britain from this obligation, which was
incurred underaveiy different state of circum-
stances fiom that which now exists. I quite
agree with what the Senator from Massachu-
setts has said, that at the time this treaty was
made it was very proper, and the moral effect
of it upon the world was good. But at this
time, under the changed condition of things,
it seems to me it is incurring an expense
both for us and for Great Britain that is en-
tirely useless; and I should suppose it would
be an easy matter to change the troaty. There
are other things than this in the treaty. This
is only one of its provisions. I do not now
remember the terms of the treaty. It is pro-
vided, I see, that the treaty is to run for ten
years, and may then be terminated on a year's
notice from either party. I have no opposition
to make to the appropriation.*
Mr. SUMiSER. I should like to make a
suggestion to the Senator from Illinois; I do
not know whether he would concur with me
or not; but it does seem to me that so long
as slavery unhappily exists in Cuba and Porto
Rico, and as for many years our own country
was seriously compromised by the slave trade
with those two islands, we cannot do too much
now to rid ourselves of all such responsibility.
I fear that if we should withdraw from these
treaty stipulations, and change our legislation
on this subject, it would in some way be mis-
interpreted ; that by some possibility—I am
speaking only of possibilities—the slave trade
with those islands might take a new start; it
might be quickened again. There is no Senator
who would take any part of that fearful re-
sponsibility. This very small sum is really in-
considerable in view of the possible good 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator tell us
the whole expense under the treaty? I believe
we are required to keep some vessels 
Mr. SUMNER. Not by this treaty. The
requirement of keeping vessels was bythe Ash-
burton treaty. This treaty gives to each Power
a reciprocal right of search between certain
lines of latitude and in the neighborhood of
the West Indies, and then it constitutes mixed
courts of the two countries, Great Britain and
the United States, for the trial of slave traders
when captured. To the honor of the civilized
world, since this treaty has been made the
slave trade has disappeared. The moment it
was seen that the United States were in earnest
against the slave trade, tho slave traders disap-
peared from the ocean ; but it does not follow
