1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3805
from the possession of too much territory,
dwelt particularly upon the fact that the tra-
ditional policy of the United States was to
purchase and acquire only contiguous terri-
tory. But the Pacific States are several thou-
sand miles distant from the rest of the country.
Now, I point with great pride to the patriot-
ism of the people of the Pacific States, to their
love for your flag, for their flag,- for our flag,
to their love for the Uuion, in which feeling
they, though distant, have been as earnest as
any others can be. In referring to the remarks
of the learned gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Shell.yisakgeb] I desire to refer to the fact that
the greatest of modern nations, the most power-
ful now among the kingdoms of the world,
gains her power and her greatness, in myjudg-
mcnt, from the territory which she owns and
controls and governs, that is not contiguous to
the mother country; by means of her foreign
possessions, and the fact that her flag is 011
every sea, and her drum-beat can be heard from
sun rise to sun rise ail around the world. This
shows that it is true that nations can achieve
greatness by the possession of lands not con-
tiguous to her own shores. I wish also to refer
to the fact that if we would have our Govern-
ment over the whole of North America, and
we can acquire it by purchase instead of by
war, we would act wisely and well and humanely
by establishing the precedent in this case of
acquiring territory by purchase rather than by
conquest.
[Mere the hammer fell.]
Mr. HIGBY. I will yield four or five minutes
more to my colleague, if he desires it.
Mr. AXTELL. My colleague [Mr. Higby]
is very kind in giving me any of his time in
which to speak at all on this question. I desire
only to finish the thought 1 was endeavoring
to express.
The very learned and able gentleman who
has the charge of this bill, the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, [Mr. Banks, j
in speaking of the Pacific States and the Pacific
ocean, has said what must have occurred to all
who heard it as being not only very able and
eloquent, but as announcing a trutli which
thrilled all hearers; a truth which, although
lying on the surface, has attracted but little of
the attention of the thinkers of our day. And
that is that we have reached a point in the
history of the world when the Pacific ocean is
to be the great theater of the world's greatness
from this time forward. I recollect that years
ago, about the time of the acquisition of Cali-
itornia, the attention of Congress was called,
by eloquent men here, to the fact that the race
had circled the world, and, making that circle,
had come back to the shores of the Pacific, and
that henceforth the theater of labor, the theater
of improvement and 'conquest lay out there on
the Pacific coast.
We acquire foothold there 011 the Pacific by
treaty and by purchase. And allow mo to say
to this House that that ocean is a steam ocean.
It has not the winds necessary to carry by sail
the commerce of the world. It has that
grandeur of distance and extent, requiring
more rapid communication than by sailing
vessels; and the race were not ready for that
ocean until they had attained something like
perfection in the use of machinery. That
ocean is quiet. It is the steam ocean of the
world. When we have, as we shall have in
our time, three lines of railroad communication
with the Pacific coast and a great ship-canal
across the isthmus, we shall then find that the
Pacific ocean is the great theater for the activity
of our citizens; we shall then rejoice that we
have extinguished, by purchase, any other
national flag upon that coast; that we have
given to our commerce harbors there ; that we
have opened up the means of holding and con-
trolling, as it is our destiny to hold and con-
trol, not only all North America, but the great
cimmerce of the Pacific.
Mr. Speaker, thanking my colleague [Mr.
Higby] for the time ho has so kindly granted
roe, I now return to him the floor.
Mr. B UTLEIl, of Massachusetts. I ask that
by unanimous consent it be ordered that when
the gentleman from California [Mr. Higby]
shall conclude his remarks speeches on this
subject be limited to thirty minutes.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
_ Mr. HIGBY. Mr. Chairman, before refer-
ring to the merits of this question, I wish to
say a few words with reference to an amend-
ment which was presented a few days ago
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Eliot.] While with him and others in this
House I am ready to express what we together
understand as the power and right of this House
with respect to questions of this kind, I do not
feel willing to incorporate that expression in
this bill, because I am satisfied that the Senate
will never assent to the passage of the bill in
that shape. But in a separate expression by
this House I will join with the gentleman from
Massachusetts and other gentlemen.
Mr. ELIOT. Will the gentleman yield to
me for an inquiry ?
Mr. HIGBY. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELIOT. I understand the gentleman
to say that he thinks the principle involved in
my amendment is correct?
_ Mr. HIGBY. I do not speak as to the pre-
cise form of the amendment; but in a speech
which I made here on a former occasion I
held precisely the same principle asserted in
that amendment; but I also maintained that
this case stood in a peculiar attitude so as to
be beyond our reach.
Mr. ELIOT. Then, Mr. Chairman, I wish
to ask the gentleman this question : if the prin-
ciple asserted in my amendment commends
itself to his judgment, as of course it does if
some time ago he made a speech in behalf of
it, why should he object to asserting that prin-
ciple in this bill simply because of an appre-
hension that the Senate may not think it wise
to have such a declaration there?
Mr. IIIGBY. Mr. Chairman, I have no
apprehension whatever, because, according to
the feeling and opinion of the great body of this
House, the Senate took a step that they ought,
not to have taken. That is the view taken
here; and the Senate is not going to take back
its own doings.
Mr. ELIOT. My friend mistakes the amend-
ment.
Mr. IIIGBY. I cannot yield any further
time for the discussion of that amendment.
Mr. ELIOT. My amendment applies to the
future.
Mr. IIIGBY. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
notice two points with reference to the Pacific
coast. One is the climatic condition; theother
is a physical condition.
Mr. Chairman, before speaking of these two
conditions, however, I will speak of another
subject; and that is with reference to the
treaty-making power. I have no doubt but it
was intended by the framersof the Constitution
that the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, should constitute the
treaty-making power, lint, when we come to
the question of appropriating money there is
this involved, not as the right of this House to
dictate what the President and the Senate may
do, but this House can refuse, whatever may
have been done, to make appropriation. If
wo believe any great principles have been
violated, or the rights of the people put in
jeopardy, the House will assume its responsi-
bility if it intervenes. It takes upon itself the
consequences when it assumes that position.
If there be a treaty made with a foreign Power,
as in this case, and the House intervenes, feel-
ing it to be its duty to do so, then it must do
so in the face of the fact that war may be the
result. It must at the time feel it is better
for this Government and better for the people
of this country to have war than that a treaty
of this kind should be consummated. That is
the position this House must assume.
I know, sir, it has been argued here if this
House should refuse to make this appropria-
tion it is no cause of war between this Gov-
ernment and Russia. I beg to differ with the
gentlemen who take that side of the question.
I say, sir, that all foreign nations have ths
right under the Constitution to take the word
of the President and the Senate as to a propo-
sition of this character. Under the law" of'
nations they need not stop to inquire whether
there has been consultation or not with this
body as to whether the President and Senate
had done wrong or not,; If a treaty be made-
by the President,and the Senate, and this House
refuses to make appropriation to carry it out,
then this House takes the risk of war. ' That;
would be the position assumed.
When the emergency slia.il be of sufficient
magnitude to justify the House in such inter-
vention, let it be taken promptly and firmly;
and with equal stop let the national defenses
be so strengthened as to resist successfully any
hostile attempt from without. Let us sec for
a moment. What may be the law of the land
is not the law for the nations of the earth 5
but what is assented to as the law of nations
is something separate and distinct. This
Republic has a national character among the
nations of the earth, and 110 position could be
more humiliating for this nation than bicker-
ings among the different branches of the Gov-
ernment; and by this House withholding money
to carry out a treaty we should give occasion
for war according to international law. But,
sir, I leave this part of the subject.
Now, Mr. Chairman, there are two condi-
tions, one climatic and the other the physical
features of the earth upon the Pacific coast.
There is no gentleman within the hearing of
my voice who has made a voyage from New
York to San Francisco byway of Panama but
will bear mc witness to the truth of what 1 am
about to say. When we have doubled the
southernmost point of New Granada and take
our course in a southwesterly direction on the
Pacific wo find a chain of mountains from that
point until we get to San Francisco. 1 know
of but one significant exception, and it is in
the State of Tobuantepec, in the republic of
Mexico, upon the isthmus, where the laud is
low and level for some twenty or thirty miles
inland from the Pacific shore. With this ex-
ception it is a mountainous chain, and for most
of the way it comes to the water's edge, and
there is 110 man who would make a voyage
upon that coast for the first time but would be
impressed with the idea, without further in-
formation than what bis eyes gave him, that
there were 110 inducements held out to make
any point upon the coast a dwelling-place.
To the northern extremity of our territory
011 the Pacific this same mountain chain, bor-
dering the ocean, continues. I have no doubt,,
sir, from the information I have received, that
all along the British and Russian possessions
it is nothing but a mountainous chain. There
are high mountains, covered with ice and snow.
Well, sir, where there are mountains there
must be valleys. As you go along the coast of
California you find precipitous mountains, but
when you go beyond those mountains you find
a valley stretching four hundred miles unin-
terrupted by mountains. This territory ot
Alaska may bcthesame ; who can say it is not,
and that valleys will be found in Alaska capa-
ble, under good tillage, of producing many
articles of food for man in great abundance?
I believe it will so prove on thorough explora-
tion.
I do not know whether the people of the
East yet believe what has been so often de-
clared, that our winters 011 the Pacific coast are
nearly as mild as our summers. And yet such
is the fact. In my own little village, situated
over fourteen hundred feet above the level of
the ocean, I have seen a plant growing in the
earth green through all the mouths from Octo-
ber to April. It is not always so ; that is an
exception ; but yet such was the fact. I have
seen the wild honeysuckle in bloom on the
north bank of the Yuba, in latitude 3'J°, in the
month of January, and I have seen ^ other
plants in blossom in the same month. These
are facts, account for them as you will.
The prevailing winds on the Pacific coast for
I about six months in the year are north and
