1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
873
It is time that the agents of the Government
were known to the public. I have had within
a i't'w days information of the appointment of
one sent into the State that I in part represent
here. I know not what 
Mr. SHERMAN. That information is all
published, I will say to the Senator, in reply
to an inquiry from the other House.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask the Senator what
information?
Mr. SHERMAN. In regard to the names
and the number of officers of the Government
that have recently been appointed.
Mr. CONNESS. I will undertake to say
that it is not contained iu any communication
from any Department.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was recently furnished
to the House of Representatives. It was spoken
of here yestefday, and is lying on the table, I
am so informed. I have not seen the docu-
ment.
Mr. CONXESS. Very well. It was stated
here yesterday, and I presume it is strictly
true, that within a few days past an officer has
been appointed and sent down into some of the
States of this Union, or of the South, to per-
form some of the highest functions connected
with the revenue and the revenue laws—a per-
son rejected as often as his name had been
presented to this body for confirmation for
office, and deemed by the Senate utterly unfit
to hold any responsible office. And, as I was
proceeding to say when interrupted by the Sen-
ator, I learn that such officers are continued to
be appointed ; that within a few days one has
been appointed and sent to California to do 1
know not what. It is time that this matter
was fully inquired into. We have a Commit-
tee on Retrenchment; I have no doubt that
that committee are efficient and have much to
do; but I know no branch of the public ser-
vice and no direction that should invite their
scrutiny more carefully and certainly than the
one that I direct attention to at this time; and
I think that this resolution should embrace the
scope of my remarks.
Mr. EDMUNDS. "Will the Senator allow
me to say to him and to the Senate that the
very subject that he speaks of has been under
consideration; and still is, by a sub-committee
of the committee to which he refers, composed
of Senators and a member of the House of
Representatives who are investigating it thor-
oughly, rigorously, vigorously, and intend, as
soon as they can complete their investigations,
to report upon it.
Mr. CONNESS. I am very glad to hear
this statement made by the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Retrenchment, and
I hope it will be followed with the vigor that
has been stated.
The resolution was adopted.
PAVING WASHINGTON AVENUES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, submitted ttoe
following resolution ; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds be instructed to inquire whether the
annual expense of paving and repairing the public
avenues of the city of Washington could not be per-
manently reduced by carrying out the original design
of setting apart and turfing either twenty feet of the
eenter or ten feet on each side, more or less, of such
avenues, and planting the same with shade trees;
and also in what mode the owners of property abut-
ting the avenues, and who would.b« largely bene-
fited by the improvement proposed, can be made to
defray the expense of the same.
PAY OF RETIRED NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Attorney General of the United
States be directed to transmit to the Senate copies of
any and ail opinions officially given by him in rela-
tion to the pay of retired and reserved officers of the
Navy, especially those embracing his construction of
the ninth section of the act entitled "An act to amend
eertain acts in relationto the Navy," approved March
3, 1867.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVAL OF BILLS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. W. G. Moore, his Secretary,
announced that thp President had on the 20th
day of December, 1867, approved and signed
an act (S. No. 143) to provide for changing the
names of persons in the District of Columbia.
CAPTURED AND ABANDONED PROPERTY.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
take up for consideration House joint resolu-
tion No. 19, which was partially debated some
days ago, and on which the Senator from Illi-
nois [Mr. Trumbull] has the floor.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 10) directing that certain moneys now in
the hands of the United States Treasurer as
s'pecial agent of the Treasury Department be
covered by warrant into the United States
Treasury, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Edmunds, to substitute for
the joint resolution the following:
That all moneys which have been received by any
officer or employe of the Government, or any Depart-
ment thereof, from sales of captured and abandoned
property in the late insurrectionary districts, under or
under colorof the several acts of Congress providing
for the collection and sale of snch property, and wh ich
have not been already covered into the Treasury,
shall be immediately paid into the Treasury of the
United States, together with any interest which has
been received or accrued thereon.
And be it further resolved. That if any officer or
person having the custody, possession, or control of
any money derived or arising from the sale or other
disposition of any such property mentioned in the
preceding resolution, shall convert the same to his
own use. or shall refuse or neglcct for a space of
thirty days next after the passage of this resolution
to pay the same into the Treasury of the United
States, or shall in any way pay away or dispose of
| the same otherwise than by paying the same into
t the Treasury as aforesaid, shall be deemed and held
j guilty of embeizling the public money of the Uni-
ted States, and shall be punished therefor by impris-
onment for a term of not more than teu years, and
shall pay a fine equal to the sum so embezzled.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, in my
remarks on this resolution when it was under
consideration before the holidays, it was not
i my intention to reilect upon the motives of
the present Secretary of the Treasury, or of
any of his predecessors, but to present to the
notice of the Senate what I regarded as a mis-
construction of the law and an assumption of
unwarranted authority by that officer. And,
sir, I regretted that my friend from Maine,
; [Mr. Fessekden,] who occupied for a few
months the position of Secretary oftheTreas-
Uxy, should have felt called upon to defend,
not only his own action but that of his suc-
cessor in regard to this captured and aban-
doned property and the proceeds of it. I wish
in the outset of what I have to say now to
remark that I have the fullest confidence in the
honesty of purpose of the Senator from Maine
while he was Secretary of the Treasury, and,
I may add, in all his public acts. But, sir,
while this is so, I am sure that Senator
would not have the members of this .body
refrain from commenting upon and exposing
what they believe to be a very great abuse in
the Treasury Department, involving millions
and millions of dollars, because when he held
the office for a short period it may have trans-
fiired that in small matters, and not particu-
arly attracting his attention, a similar con-
struction of the statute may have been toler-
ated. It will be recollected that while at the
time he was Secretary he indorsed the opin-
ion of the- Solicitor of the Treasury that the
Secretary had authority to pass upon the ques-
tions of captured property he now admits
that the opinion of the Attorney General
which denied that authority to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury was undoubtedly correct,
and I aim sure he would not have other Sena-
tors refrain from exercising the same privilege
■which he, has exercised. . , .
I would desire to divest this question entirely
from any action of the Senator from Maine.
I wish to look at it simply as it stands, to exam-
ine the statutes, and to ascertain whether the
Treasury Department has been pursuing an
illegal and improper course in regard to the
proceeds of captured and abandoned property.
What I said substantially the other day when
this subject was under consideration I.repeat
now; and that was that there had been real-
ized from captured and abandoned property
more than thirty-four million dollars, that the
net proceeds of this property amounted to
more than twenty-four million dollars, and that
the Secretary of the Treasury, instead of pay-
ing this money into the Treasury of the United
States as the law required, held it outside of
the Treasury, kept it on special deposit; in
whose hands I know not j whether at interest
I know not; if at interest who got the interest
I know not; but, as 1 stated, this money was
kept out of the Treasury, where the law required
it to be placed, for a long period of time, and
some of it has not yet reached the Treasury of
the United States. I stated further that he
had assumed to hold this money thus outside
of the Treasury for the purpose of passing
upon claims made by various parties either to
the property or to its proceeds, and that he
had proceeded to surrender up to claimants
more than nine thousand bales of cotton. 1
fe£l authorized to-day to say, that his report
making that statement does not state all the
cotton that has been surrendered up by thou-
sands of bales, but it does state that the Secre-
tary surrendered up, as I said the other day,
upward of nine thousand bales of cotton,
and paid to claimants, disloyal some of them—
I did not state that the other day, but I state it
to-day—more than two millions of money, and
that all this delivery of cotton and payment of
proceeds was contrary to law. I stated further
that after obtaining the opinion of the Attorney
General, to whom the question was submitted,
as to his authority to pass upon these claims
where the property was captured, he had still
proceeded to pay hundreds of thousands of
dollars to claimants. Now, sir, I propose to
makegood every declaration which I then made.
By the act of July 17, 1862, it was made the
duty of the President of the United States " to
cause the seizure of all the estate and prop-
erty, money, stocks, credits, and effects" of
certain classes of persons enumerated in the
i statute, being six classes, and including the
leaders of the rebellion. By the sixth section
of that act it was made the duty of the Presi-
dent of the United States to issue a proclama-
1 tion calling upon all persons giving aid or
assistance to the rebellion within sixty days
to return to their allegiance under the penalty of
having all their property seized by the Govern-
ment of the United States, and it was declared
to be the duty of the President to Beize this
property. The seventh flection of the act pro-
vided for the mode of proceeding to have it
condemned, and directed the proceeds of this
property, whether real or" personal, when
found to belong to a person engaged in re-
bellion or who had given aid or comfort
thereto, to be condemned as enemy property.
These provisions were made by the act of
July 17, 1862, known as " An act to suppress
insurrection, to punish treason and rebellion,
and to seize and confiscate the property of
rebels, and for other purposes."
In pursuance of this act the President of the
United States, on the 25th day of July, 1862,
issued his proclamation warning all persons to
cease their hostility to the Government and
return to their allegiance under the penalties
pregcribed by this act. Then, sir, by the pas-
sage of this law of July 17, 1862, and the
proclamation of the President in pursuance of
it, all the property belonging to rebels or to
those giving aid and corntort to the rebellion,
became liable to seizure, and it became the
daty of the President to have it sold and its
proceeds paid into the Treasury of the United
I& 1863 Gongress legislated again on this sub-
ject. It had been found that it was impracti-
cable to bring this property before the judicial
tribunals for condemnation, and the act of
March 12, 1863, was passed, which provided
that the Secretary of the Treasury should ap-
point agents who should take possession of—
"receive and collect" is the language of the
act—all abandoned or captured property in any
State or Territory or any portion of any State
or Territory of the United States designated as
