1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
40xh CONG....2d isess.
Impeachment—Mr. Miller.
Ho. of Reps.
error of supposing that the numerous offenses
alleged, orthe oneoffenseallegednumerously,
were,after all,not very "high."
'J'ell the Senate, in conclusion, tliat in pre-
senting these ten articles you do not by any
means estop yourselves from the presentation
of other accusations. Say to the Senate that
you will look aboutand see if you can piekup
anything else that the President may have
done, or might, could, would, or should have
done, said, or thought, of a character unpleas-
ant to members of the legislative "Govern-
ment."
Do this, and you will have complied with
every requirement of "the committee"—you
will have exhibited the perfection of discipline
—and you will be fitted to take an humble
position by the side of your leader, who boasts
that he stands "outside of the Constitution."
Democrats and Conservatives can hardly
bring themselves to look resentfully upon the
proceedings in this House upon this question
of impeachment. The whole thing is so bald
and transparent a political, partisan movement
that nobody can possibly mistake its character,
and its effects upon the popular mind cannot
but be such as to hasten and render more em-
phatic and terrible the fate of the moribund
organization to which we are indebted for this
last excellent argument against its own life.
The people have already prepared a grave,
wide and deep, for radicalism and its one idea
of Africanization. If those for whom this grave
is provided will insist Upon digging it wider
and deeper we should not object. Let them
proceed. The people have foreshadowed their
determination to put down and keep down the
'.'cherished central thought" of this party, and
have prepared to cast upon its place of sepul-
ture mountains—
" To o'ertop old PeHon, or the skyish head
Of blue Olympus."
If to this comfortable and safe quantity of
rojntane monument those who are to enjoy
repose under it will insist upon superadding—
if they cry out with the frenzied Dane—
"Millions of acres on up, till our ground,
Singeing his putc against the burning zone,
Make Ossa like a wart!''—
why so be it, and bon repos. To the dying, one
is always inclined to be indulgent.
T am the less inclined to complain of the
exhibition before us, Mr. Chairman, because I
cannot be persuaded that the Senate of the
United States, once the most august deliber-
ative body in the world—that Senate where in
better days intellectual kings sat enthroned in
the admiration, respect, and reverence of the
people—can even now, fallen as it is from its
high estate and shorn of its brightest beams,
seriously entertain a proposition to remove
from office a President of the United States
upon articles of impeachment such as these—
articles that 1 may not characterize in fitting
terms without transgressing the rules ot par-
liamentary decorum.
I rejoice, Mr. Chairman, that when these
famous ten articles arc presented at the bar
of the Senate there will be a larger audience
than can be encompassed in the Senate Cham-
ber. The nation will be listeners; "all the
people of the United States" will hearwhat
outrages are proposed in their name. They I
will hear; they will make themselves heard in
return.
Impeachment.
SPEECH OF HON. GEORGE F. MILLER,
OP PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Repbbsextatives,
March 2, 5808,
On the articles of impeachment reported from the j
committee. J
• Mr. MILLEE. The question now before |
the House is not whether Andrew Johnson, '
40th Coxo. 2d Sres.--"No. IT.
President of the United States, ought to be
impeached for high crimes and misdemeanors
in office, for that has been already decided by
a more than two-thirds vote, of which the Sen-
ate has already been advised.- The discussion
has taken a wide range upon a question already
determined. . The matter now for us to pass
upon is, the articles of impeachment reported
by the committee appointed for that purpose.
They have for our action ten articles. The
first three charges the President with the vio-
lation of the provisions of the act of Congress
of 2d of March, 1807, entitled "An act reg-
ulating the tenure of certain civil offices" in
theattemptto remove Hon. Edwin M. Stanton,
Secretary of War, and appointing in his stead
Brevet Major General Lorenzo Thomas, Adju-
tant General of the Army, Secretary of War
ad interim, while the Senate was in session.
The next five articles, to wit, numbers four,
five, six, seven, and eight, charge the Presi-
dent in different forms with entering into a
conspiracy with one Lorenzo Thomas," and with
other persons to the House unknown, with in-
tent by intimidation and threats to hinder and
prevent Edwin M. Stanton, the Secretary of
War, from holding said office, and in violation
of the Constitution of the United States, and
the provisions of an act entitled "An act to de-
fine and punish certain conspiracies." approved1
July 31,1801. The ninth article charges that
the said Andrew Johnson, the President, un-
mindful of the high duties of his office, and of
his oath of office, unlawfully attempted to con-
trol the disbursements of the moneys appropri-
ated for the military service and for the De-
partment of War; and the tenth and last
article charges the President that, in disregard
of the Constitution and laws of Congress duly
enacted, as Commander-in-Chief of the Army
of the United States, did on the 22d day of
February, 1808. bring before himadf, then and
there, William II. Emory, a major general by
brevot in the Army of the United States, actu-
ally in command of the department of Wash-
ington and the military forces thereof, and did
then and there as such Commander-in-Chief
declare to and instruct said Emory that part
of a law of the United States passed March i2,
1807, entitled "An act making appropriations
for the support of tiie Army lor the year end-
ing June SO, 1808, and for other purposes,"
especially the second section thereof, which
provides, among other things, that "all orders
and instructions relating to military operations
issued by the President or Secretary of War
shall bo issued through the Genera! of the
Army, and in ease of his inability, through the
next in rank" was unconstitutional and was
not binding on him as an olhcer in the Army
of the United States.
These several articles, with some amend-
ments which I propose to offer, I deem suffi-
cient, if the charges therein contained can be
substantiated, (of which I have no doubt;) but
ihat, however, as I have already stated, is not
i lu; question now before us. We are preparing
articles in ihe nature of an indictment preferred
by a grand jury; and the question is whetherall
that is set forth in any of the different charges
should be sab. '.initialed by evidence, or, the
sp.rnc bring demurred to, would justify a con-
viction under the provisions of the Constitu-
tion. This is an important question, as we
must expect to be met, on the part of thePresi-
dent, with some of the best, legal talent in the
land; and every technical objection, no doubt,
will be taken, and we must not expect ihat the
undertaking of an impeachment is so easy a
task as some-on this floor secin to imagine.
It must be remembered that the court before
which this House will be called upon to sub-
stantiate ihe charges against the President is
an august body, being the highest tribunal in
the land, and presided over by an able jurist,
(the Chief Justice.) All politic ,rl c oiisiuera-
tions ought and mutt be Jiscnrded, fur every
man, however, derelict in duty, is entitled to a
fair and impartial trial. I think the committee
have been very careful in drawing up the
articles, but. T would suggest that in the different
articles where the President is charged with vio-
lating his oath of office, that it. be set forth that
he was, on the death of Mr. Lincoln, the regu-
larly elected President of the United States,
duly sworn in to discharge thejoowers and duties
of that office of President; ior whea-a charge
can be made clear aud beyond catil'it had
best be done, which may savfe considerable time
in the trial.
The first charge which is contained in the
first three articles, of violating the provisions of
the act of 2d March, 1807, entitled "Ati act
regulating the tenure of certain civil offices,"
if made out, is sufficient to convict the Presi-
dent of a " high misdemeanor." It is no ex-
cuse for him or his friends to say that the law
is unconstitutional, for it is his sworn duty to
"take care that the laws be faithfully exe-
cuted," and as long as any law remains on the
statute-book unreversed it is his sworn duty
to obey it; anditis no palliation for hira that he
withheld his signature, for whenitwas returned
with his veto and passed both Houses by a two-
thirds vote it became a law, under the Consti-
tution, with a like effect as if it had received the
signature of the President.
But I do not wish to be understood^ Mr.
Speaker, as doubting the constitutionality of
that law. Then, as to the conspiracy charged
in articles four, five, six, seven, and eight, seem
to be properly laid and with due caution in
various forms to avoid cavil. I would, how-
ever, advise, as I have already stated, to set
forth that Andrew Johnson, the Vice Presi-
ident, on the death of Mr. Lincoln was sworn
by the Chief Justice to discharge the powers
and duties of the office of President.
The ninth article, which charges the Presi-
dent, in violation of his oath of office and
duiies, with attempting to control the disburse-
ments of moneys appropriated for the military,
seems to be laid with caution, and if substan-
tiated by proof and found by the Sonate to bo
true will of itself be sufficient to remove Mr.
Johnson from office. ' ■ • •
Then the tenth and last articles, which
charge an attempt to induce General-Emory
to violate the clear mandates of the statute,
seem to be very properly laid1; so that as a
whole, Mr. Speaker, the committee deserve
credit for the careful manner in which they
have prepared the several articles ;• and I am
glad that they have confined the charges within
reasonable bounds, which will ror,der it un-
necessary to have the trial prolonged, and at
'.lie same time give the party accused ample
time to present his defense. The-two addi-
tional articles I intend to offer will,-in my
opinion, save cavil; and in presenting a case
of such vast importance wo ought to be cau-
tious and allow no escape upon a mere techni-
cal objection, and especially when we can lay
every charge in such a way as to meet all legal
objection that might be made, it is our duty to
do so.
Now, Mr. Speaker, we are about to vote upon
these articles i and though touch has been said
by both parties on this floor as to the guilt and
innocence of Mr. Johnson, the acting Presi-
dent of the United States, upon whom, under
the Constitution, were devolved the powers and
duties of President for the balance of the term
for which Mr. Lincoln was elected, provided ht>-
so 1'oflg lived or committed no offense for which-
heshouid be removed from office. The-only
question is as to the sufficiency of these ar-
ticles, which, if approved by this House, are to
be sent to the Senate, at whose r it will
devolve upon us to maintain the charges therein
contained : and I trust the trial nuiy be con-
d acted las 1 have 110 doubt it will) with due
regard to its, macmludc. so that the country ami
the world inayVe tha: this young Republic,
whenever assailed, will vindicate its iiilegnty,
and that no officer thereof, however high, shall
