1758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
that if we should withdraw from this treaty
those very slave traders would not reappear.
I do not know that they would; but the pos-
sibility of such a thing is enough, it seems to
me, to justify this appropriation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Harlan)
put the question, and declared that the ayes
appeared to have it.
Mr. SUMNER. I doubt that. I doubt
whether the Senate is disposed to give any
encouragement to the slave trade.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This is no
encouragement.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A division
is called for.
Mr. SUMNER. I withdraw the call.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 7,
lines one hundred and forty-six and one liun-
red and forty-seven, to strike out the follow-
ing clause:
Forexpcnses under tho act to encourage immigra-
tion, $10,000.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to hear from
my friend some explanation of that, especially
as I see at the close of the bill a special sec-
tion which naturally grows ont of this amend-
ment, as follows:
And be it further enacted. That the act entitled "An
act to encourage immigration," approved July 4,
1801, be, and tho same is hereby, repealed.
If there is any reason for this great change
I should like to know it. If there is reason, I
shall be ready to follow my friend.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The evidence
which the committee have on this subject is
that the whole thing is an utter failure. The
purposes and views which were originally con-
templated and to which it was supposed this
might be put, have been disappointed. I be-
lieve my honorable from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] who at one time took some interest in
the subject himself, has become satisfied that
the whole thing has been perverted, and that
it is not only so much money uselessly ex-
pended, but a great deal worse than useless.
If anybody could have any doubt on this sub-'
ject, I would refer him to tho report of the
Commissioner of Immigration, as he styles
himself, who has settled himself in the State
Department and calls himself head of the Bu-
reau of Immigration. His report is really a
curiosity. It is nothing more nor less than
charging the Government, according to the
estimates, with "$20,000 to make a return of
this kind to Congress once a year of the num-
ber of immigrants coming into this country
and their destination, where they go, the coun-
tries from which they come, and the places to
which they go after their arrival here. That
is tho upshot of the whole thing so far as this
Commissioner of Immigration is concerned.
The actual transactions are through a branch
of the department at New York; and, so far
as the operations are concerned there, it is in
connection with an immigrant aid society,
chartered by the State of Connecticut. There
are no facilities that I know of or that I can
gather from this report except that this com-
missioner here, through this bureau, cooper-
ates with the branch at New York, and the
branch at New York cooperates with the Im-
migrant Aid Society.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to say a word
about this matter. I did take an interest in
this Bureau of Immigration, prepared the bill
establishing it, and reported it from the Com-
mittee on Agriculture, and it was passed on
my motion. But the object of the bureau or
office was entirely perverted. It was attached
to the office of the Secretary of State, and the
whole thing is now an office of no considera-
tion whatever. My idea of the measure was
that we were to have a proper person here who
would have, through our consular agents in the
countries from which immigration comes, pro-
moted the immigration of skilled labor of
various kinds, with a view to organizing the
various immigration movements throughout the
United States. You, sir, representing an agri-
cultural State, know that most of the western
States have societies to promote immigration.
We have one in Ohio, a very successful one.
There is one in New York. Nearly all the
States have societies for the aid of immigra-
tion. I supposed that by a central'orgamz&tion
here the work of these various societies might
be combined so as to induce immigration of
various kinds of skilled labor to this country. I
am satisfied that the office, as now conducted,
is a mere clerkship, famishing us very little
information in addition to what we had before,
and it might be just as well abolished. That
is the conclusion to which I came. I shall
vote for the amendment. I do not want to
say anything against the gentleman who has
charge of it. 1 have no doubt he does what
he thinks is best; but he has not the best facil-
ities of conducting it in a way likely to be
beneficial.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add at the end
of the bill, as scction four,-the following:
And be it further enacted. That the act entitled "An
not to encourage immigration," approved July 4,
1864, be, and tho same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That becomes
necessary now in consequence of the other
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an
amendment of the committee undisposed of, to
inseit $301,000 as tho appropriation for the
salaries of envoys extraordinary, ministers, and
commissioners of the United States.
Mr. BUOKALEW. That was passed over
in reference to a motion I proposed to make
to strike out the word " Bolivia" where it oc-
curs. My idea is this: instead of striking out
"Ecuador" on the first page, as was done by
the committee, to strike out " Bolivia" on the
second. I believe I will make the motion now
to strike out tho word "Bolivia," with the
design when the bill is reported to the Senate
to ask a separate vote on the previous amend-
ment as to Ecuador. To retain Ecuador and
omit Bolivia is the ultimate result I am at, and
this will not make any difference in the amount
to be inserted at tho end of the section.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In the twelfth
line of the first page I move to strike out
"Greece." I do not desire to argue the ques-
tion ; but it seems to me this is no time to
establish any new missions, and especially at
a point like Athens, where it is not of suffi-
cient eonscquenee to even keep a consul. Our
trade there never was large, and it is small,
almost insignificant, at the present time. This
mission will be merely a post for somebody,
without any advantage to the country.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 have some
information on that subject. I know very little
about it except that it came from the House.
When a similar motion was made in the House
Mr. Washborne, of Illinois, stated:
" The provisions of this bill arc simply to carry out
existing laws. Tho bill contains no appropriations
for any new subjects. Theaggiegate amount which
tho bill proposes to appropriate is, as will be seen
by the note appended to the bill, $1,268,931; being
.$154,520 less than tho amount estimated lor the next
fiscal year, and &15G,520 less than tho amount which
was appropriated tor the present fiscal year. This
reduction has been made by cutting down various
items, as I will explain when we reach those partic-
ular items."
Mr. Washbuhni; goes on to say something—
I do not see it at this moment—about a min-
ister having been appointed, and that this was
rendered necessary to carry out an existing
law. We had no information on the subject.
Mr. SUMNER. Under the circumstances
I think we had better adjourn. I have an
amendment from the Committee on Foreign
Relations which I wish to propose, but I do
not wish to move it to-night. I move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the Senator from
Massachusetts to give way while I present a
resolution to which I presume there will be no
objection.
Mr. SUMNEIl. Certainly.
executive business.
Mr. HOWARD. It is necessary just at this
time. I send a resolution to the desk.
The Secretary read as follows:
liesolved, That thcinj un<;!ion of secrecy be removed
from the following documents and proceedings of
the Senate sitting in executive session, to wit: reso-
lution of the Senate 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I submit that that can-
not be done in open session, because there may
be reasons why that should not pass that we
can only speak of in executive session.
Mr. CONKLING. Then let us proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not see the validity
of the objection which the Senator from Illinois
makes. I think we can take off the injunction
of secrecy in open session as well as in execu-
tive session. It will give rise to no debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know what
it is.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It would make no differ-
ence ; because suppose I or any Senator had
a reason for resisting the removal of the in-
junction of secrecy, could I give it in open
session ?
Mr. SUMNER. Let us hear the resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. Let it be read. It may
be something to which there can be no ob-
jection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not see how you
can have such a resolution except in secret
session.
Mr. CONKLINGandothers. Letitberead.
The Secretary proceeded to read the resolu-
tion, as follows:
liesolved. That theinjunction of secrecy be removed
from the following documents and proceedings of the
Senate in executive session, to wit: the resolution
of the Senate 
Mr. TRUMBULL. That will not do. You
remove it by offering such a resolution here in
open session at once. You cannot recite in
open session what has occui'red in executive
session. Every one knows that..
Mr. CONKLING. I move that we proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. HOWARD. Then, under the rules, I
demand that the galleries be cleared.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
executive session.
Mr. CONKLING. Now I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened.
national asylum for disabled soldiers.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate take
up the joint resolution (H. R. No. 220) ap-
pointing managers of the National Asylum for
Disabled Soldiers, and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution. It appoints Eras-
tns B. Wolcott, of Wisconsin, John H, Martin-
dale, of New York, and Hugh L. Bond, of
Maryland, managers of the National Asylum
for Disabled Soldiers, under tho provisions and
conditions of the third section of an act ap-
proved March 23, 1866, from the 21stof April,
18158; and appoints Hugh L. Bond, of Mary-
land, manager to serve out the unexpired term
of Horatio G. Stebbins, of California, resigned.
It also authorizes the Secretary of War to
furnish from the captured ordnance such ord-
nance with their implements as he may deem
proper to the several national asylums for the
purpose of firing salutes ; and also such small
arms and equipments as may be necessary for
the purpose of guard duty at the asylums.
The joint resolution was reported to the
