3806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July T,
northwest, embracing the entire summer.
During the rest of the year the prevailing
winds are south and southwest, including the
winter season. Now, it is well known that
■when south winds prevail here in the East for
several days in mid-winter, when we have deep
suous and ice, the sun melts away the snow
and ice until we have great fiesbets. Should
the south winds prevail much longer the green
grass would appear and vegetation would spring
up; and should these continue thiough the win-
ter you would have a summer climate instead
of a winter one. Such is one of the causes
which, together with the ocean currents, mod-
ifies the climate on the Pacific coast. With
me it accounts for the moderate climate which
is reported to exist in Alaska. It must be that
the south winds have the effect to mollify the
climate so as to make the mean temperature
moderate in comparison to what it is on the
Atlantic coast in the same latitude, more par-
ticularly in the interior where the ocean winds
do not reach. The river Yukon, that empties
into liehriug sea in latitude Go", which is nav-
igable more than a thousand miles inland, is
clear of ice by middle to 25th May, and from
that time for some five months is navigable.
Point, me to a condition of things like that on
the Atlantic side.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Will
the gentleman name the authority from which
lie derives that information in regard to the
river Yukon being navigable a thousand miles
from its mouth? What civilized man has ever
seen it?
Mr. BANKS. Lieutenant Pease.
Mr. HIGBY. Ihaveithere. Major Kenni-
cutt explored it, and died several hundred
miles from the mouth of this river upon one
of its banks, and Lieutenant Pease took his
remains down the river in a small open boat,
commencing his trip down the river in the lat-
ter part of May.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. He as-
cended only some three or four hundred miles.
Mr. BANKS. Major Kennieutt died five
hundred miles from the mouth, and his body
was carried down by Lieutenant Pease, who
himself had traveled inland through the whole
of that country.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. He did
not undertake to say he traveled down the
Yukon; his exploration was up the river
about four or five hundred miles. That is all
we have.
Mr. HIGBY. I find the gentleman from
Pennsylvania is about as stubborn upon this
matter as is the member from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Wasiiiu'iix.] He is unwilling to derive any
favorable information.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I want
authoiity.
Mr. IiiGBY, The gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Wasubues] is entirely incredulous
about the discovery of gold there. And yet,
as early as 1858—I may as well digress here—
we had a great hegira from California of
about twenty-five thousand miners, who went
up to the Frazer river in search of gold. At
one time we feared the State would be nearly
depopulated. These miners traveled some
three or four hundred miles north in British
Columbia, lying east and adjoining Alaska,
adjoining the British territory, and there found
gold. My own neighbors went there, and I
get information from them.
On the river Stikine, which is the most south-
ern livers in Alaska, miners are now taking
out gold. And yet gentlemen insist there is
no gold to bo found there.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I would
ask the gentleman how much of the river
Stikine is within this territory ? Is there
more than thirty miles of it?
Mr. H1GBY. Well, about thirty-five miles.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Has any
of thisgold been found within thatdistance ?
Mr. 1IIGBY. Well, it would be unfortu-
nate if there had been. But that is a very
small point for agveat man to dwell upon, and
I consider him one of the greatest in the House.
I never knew him to dwell upon so small a
point before. I have none the less respect for
him for it, but I am a little surprised.
Mr. Chairman, I have dwelt, on a former
occasion, on what I conceive to be the value
of this country to our Government, aud I pro-
pose now more particularly to answer some of
the points that have been raised, by gentlemen
on the opposite side of this question. The
member from Wisconsin, [Mr. Washburn,]
who makes the most vigorous fight against thijs
appropriation, has been reading authorities to
the House. I have examined severalof them,
and i find that he has been very particular to
select those points that bear most heavily
against this purchase. I have known lawyers
in a small way, before ignorant justices of the
peace, to select certain portions of law to suit
their cases, and if an intelligent lawyer is on
the opposite side he is quite sure to discover
the strategy of his opponent and to defeat his
end and purpose.
Now, sir, the information that has been pre-
sented on this subject lies upon the desk of
every member of this House, and the investi-
gations and explorations that have been printed
for the reading of members controvert every
position that has been taken by the gentleman
on this question. I do not feel disposed to
take up the books and read them, for the rea-
son that every member has them for his own
examination and perusal. The gentleman was
careful in all he read to the House to readonly
those portions that made against the coun-
try. He read to us from the report which
comes to us with the authority of the Russian
Government how barren the whole country is,
but he did not read the further statement that
there are no Russians thereof any consequence,
that there are nothing there but Indians, and
that the Indians want no land system. .And
yet, sir, the Indians of that country are raising
some of our vegetables, and from three to four
hundred barrels of potatoes are shipped from
the Island of Kodiak to Sitka every year;
there is an evidence of the power of the soil to
produce. Good potatoes are raised also at
Prince of Wales Island. So says Mr. Pearce,
whose letter I published in my former speech,
and who was on that coast continuously for
three years, and is pretty good authority. He
also says that copper is found at the north end
of the Prince of Wales Island. And yet the
member from Wisconsin says that no evidence
has been produced of the fact that minerals are
found in this territory.
I had a letter a few days since from a gen-
tleman of the name of Crosby, an old Nan-
tucket whaler, who has passed eight summers
off that coast in the whaling business, and he
says that from the southern extremity of
Ooualaska along the Behring sea north for
three hundred miles, at any time along the
coast they could stop the ship and in a few
hours' time cover the deck with the finest cod
he ever saw. That is new testimony. This
geutleman was in command of one of the four-
teen vessels which, just near the close of the
war, the Shenandoah got among in Behring
sea and destroyed every one of the ships except
his. He says that this nation ought to own
that country, that it will be of vast importance
to us and a great acquisition for us.
Mr. Chairman, I shall not comment more at
length upon this subject. I would inquire how
much time I have left?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has thir-
teen minutes left.
Mr. HIGBY. I was entitled to an hour, I
believe.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman was
entitled to an hour; he yielded ten minutes to
his colleague, [Mr. Axtell,] and has fourteen
minutes now left, speaking more accurately.
Mr. IIIGBY. I supposed I had more time.
However 1 will hurry on. My friend from
Iowa [Mr. Puick] made a speech here a few
days ago. He is another gentleman than whom
I respect none other more highly. But he is
very warm and earnest when he comes to
debate, and sometimes he may run ahead of
facts, and must then review what lie says and
be careful what he prints. Here_ are two
things which do not go very well in juxtaposi-
tion. This is. what he says :
"And yet we stand here doubting whether wo have
the financial utility to expend fi lew thousand dol-
lars for the purpose of giving uninterrupted naviga-
tion through two thousand mile?, the granuest river
on the globe, forming the houiKlaiy for twelve State3
of this Union, cach of them lar?e enough for an
empire, a river having capacity onough to bear upon
its bosom the eoiimieree of many nations. Greutio-
men who doubt our ability to do that are to-day
ready to vote. $10,000,000 to pay for the icebergs of
Alaska. , , T ,.
"There are from fifty to seventy thousand Indians
in Alaska, and from ten to twelve thousand whits
peoplo of some kind."
Now, icebergs are very poor material on
which to feed so many people. The three
hundred days of rain each year of which the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn]
spoke must come with lightning speed, and
melt these icebergs in the twinkling of an eye.
.Mr. PRICK. Will the gentleman point out
anj statement which I made and which is not
coi\ ect?
Mr. HIGBY. The gentleman spoke of the
sixty or seventy thousand people who live on
these icebergs.
Mr. PRICE. I did not say they lived on ice-
bergs. I will state what I said.
Mr. HIGBY. When I am summing up a
case I never allow a witness to get up and ex-
plain his testimony.
Mr. PRICE. 1 do not wish to explain any-
thing I have said. Take it as it is.
Mr. HIGBY. I let the witness do the swear-
ing only, and then 1 do the talking. Mr. Chair-
man, 1 noticed when the river and harbor bill
was under consideration he supported it, as
did also the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.-
Washburn ;] and I noticed another thing, that
when the other day we passed a bill appropri-
ating $10,000 for the botanical garden my friend
from Iowa [Mr. Price] sat as calm as a sum-
mer morning and allowed that item to pass
without his objection. Now, I think we could
get along without a botanical garden, espe-
cially when the poor soldier has not got all
his pay.
The distinguished gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
SiiELLAHARUKu] made a most extraordinary
speech the other day. He said that it was a
historical fact that those ancient nations which
were compact and solid had been the most en-
during, while those which had the most ex-
tended territory lasted the least space of time.
Now, I agree with the gentleman that that is
true. But it must be recollected that they had
not the great agents and civilizers of the pres-
ent day, steamboats, railroads, and telegraphs.
By means of the latter the Atlantic kisses the
Pacific morning, noon, and night.
Now, will any gentleman tell us of the Pacific,
of Oregon, California, Washington Territory,
aud the furthest extreme of our Republic, that
our peoplo have shown less loyalty to this Gov-
ernment in its trying hour of need than the
people right here and near by ? If any member
of this House dare cite that this rebellion was
in the extremity of this nation he cites that
which is not the fact. Sir, right in sight of
this Capitol is one State, not. now represented
in this Hall, which was engaged in a rebellion
founded upou an institution that has gone out
of existence.
Now, do not tell me that by extending west
and north we can gain any territory that will
weaken us. I tell yon that it gives us strength.
It was said of California that it had no valuable
land. I was there three years before the people
began to find out that their land was cultivable.
They were all for gold, as the Russian fur com-
panies have all been for furs. They did not
look for anything else. When the people came
to look around a little they found that farming
would be as profitable as gold hunting, and
that there were millions of acres of as good
land as any in the world, and genial seasons to
bring forth the productions. The same might
besaid of Washington Territory aad of all that
country.
When the American people get hold of a
