2782
HIE OOKG-RESSIONAL GKj6M.
JwfreU,
no other fact than the adjournment of the elec-
tion officers at the dinner hour I would not ask
this House to reject the poll.
But I say that I am bound to let my judg-
ment in this case be controlled by this judicial
decision of Ohio whenf in connection with it,
there are shown to be facts of fraud, of wrong-
doing, of corruption, of irregularity, that ought
to-, independently of this fact, entirely reject
this vote. And, therefore, I will say, in con-
clusion -of my statement of this part of the
case, upon all these facts and upon «the law, I
reject this poll.
- In the summer of 1865 there sprang up in
•this township a great deal of excitement about
the alleged existence of petroleum there, and
large numbers of transient persons, as labor-
ers, speculators, and mechanics, and others,
came into the township without intending to
become citizens of it, and many of them are
alleged to have illegally voted.
Now, in this connection, the gentleman who
made the report for the majority said there is
no evidence tending to show any voters at this
precinct who were not legal residents were
allowed to vote. I am surprised to hear state-
ments like that from the gentleman.
There were great irregularities, frauds, and
disturbances attending the conduct of the elec-
tion, which can be best indicated by the repe-
tition here of the material parts of the testi-
mony on these points.
Thomas L. Elwell testifies (part 2, p. 579)
that—
"The companies were principally formed in the fall
of 1865 and spring of 1866. They came from different
portions of Ohio, Massachusetts. New York, Virginia,
and Pennsylvania. They may have been from other
States, but I rceollectvf hearing of uien from these
State?. Men from these different places performed
the labor. These were principally from Virginia.
I knew one man from New Jersey by the name of
Cox." n * ********
" Question. With what political party did the non-
resident oil men act in Blue Hock township at the
October election, 1866?
"Answer. Principally with the Republican party,
with one or two exceptions." . * * # x
"Question. State what you know relative to there
having'been "a^ exodus of oil men from Biue Koek
township immediately after the last October election.
"Answer. The exodus was general; the oil men gen-
erally left immediately after the election."
James White testifies, (part 2, p. 608:)
" Question. HowlonghavcyouresidedinBluellock
township, Muskingum county?
"Answer. A little over fifty years."
" Question. State with whatpolitieal party the non-
resident oil men in Blue Roclc township acted at the
last October election.
"Answer. Well, sir, as far as I know, they voted the
Republican ticket; I understood there was one voted
the Democratic ticket; his name was Stitely."
a * > * • * * * *
" Question. Please state what was the conduct and
bearing of the active Republican friends of Mr. De-
lano toward members of the Democratic party while
at the poiis.
"Objected to.
"Answer. 1 thought they werealittle rougher than
ever I liad seen there.
" Question. Describe what that conduct was.
"Answer. Well, I have been a voter there all my
life, and never saw as much abu&e to old citizens;
they called them rebels and everything they could
lay their tongues to.
"Question. State whether or not you and other[Dem-
ocrats were intimidated from asserting your right as
challenges by the conduct of the friends ot Mi*.
Delano.
"Amtcer. There wece threeold members went into
the house and thought we would challenge some of
their votes; they commenced abusing us till I
backed out, andwentoutof thchouseandstayed out.
" Question. State whether oi not Democrats were
generally induced to leave the polls in consequence
ot the abuse andthreatsof the friends of Mr.Delano.
"Answer. They did run two Democrats off; the
Democrats came, and would go right off again.
"Cross-examined by W. R. Sapi>. attorney for con-
testant:
" Question. What political party do you belong to,
and for whom did you vote for Congress at the last
October election?
"Answer. I belong to the Democratic party, and
voted for Mr. Morgan.
"Question. Will you please name any Democrats
who left the place where the election was held by
reason of abuse, &e. ?
Yes,sir; lean tellyoutwo; Mr. Parrel
and Mr. Silvey. . n „
•* Question, What was said to them, andby whom?
"Answer. After they had got on their horses ready
to go there was a great band of them with Tom Mc-
Clces, whooping and hallooing and urging them on;
I couldn't tell you the words they said, for they were
all cursing. , . . ,,
44 Question. Now you say this was when those gen-
tlemen got on their horses to leave for home; that
could nothave been the cause of their leaving, could
it ? ,
"Anmoer. The causeof their leaving was they were
abusing them; Mr. Silvey said something a-nd Slater
slapped Ms hand over his mouth, and then tney
swarmed around him."
Joseph McDonald testifies, (part 2, p. 024:)
"Question. How long have you resid ed in Blue Rock
township, Muskingum county, Ohio?
"Answer. Since 1816,
" Question. Were you at the election held for State
and county officers and members of Congress in said
township in October, 1866?
" Answer. Yes, sir.
•* Question. Please state what you know relative to
the judges of said election refusing to swear non-
resident oil men when tbey were challenged. As
nearly as you can, please state what was said.
"Answer. They said they fetched them in as strag-
glers or Methodist preachers, who had a right to vote
wherever they were; there were some few sworn;
the balance were not sworn; the judges said it was
not worth while.
"Question. Pleascstatewhorequestedthc judges of
said election to have the non-resident oil men sworn ?
" Answer. I did myself, and also heard otherpersons
do so, butdonotrecollcct who. They said they had not
time to swear all of them, and they passed the oil
men into the class of stragglers and Methodist
preachers.
*' Question. Please.state to what political party the
judges of said election belonged, and whether all the
trustees of said township officiated as judges at said
election?
44 Answer. They were Republicans; there were only
two of thein officiated; John Patton was appointed
in Mr. Sterrett's place ; Mr. Sterrett was there and
voted, but was sick and went home; Mr. Patton was
also a Republican.
44 Question. Please state what was the conduct and
bearing of the active friends of Mr. Delano at that
election to members of the Democratic party.
"Answer. They were more like a mob than anything
else.
44 Question. State what you know relative to Demo-
crats having been diiven from the polls by threats
and intimidations
"Answer. One gentleman there, I have forgotten his
name, he was a Democrat, they brought him up and
examined luin; he answered all the questions that
were put to him, and the mob called him a secession-
ist. They did not let him vote; put him off till the
afternoon; he was willing to swear that he had
been two years in the county, two years in the State,
and six months in the township.
"Question. To what political party did the non-resi-
dent oil men. who voted in Blue Rock township at
the last October election, belong ?
44 Answer. They belonged to the Republican party
generally; there were few Democrats."
John Silvey testifies, (part 2, p. 033 :)
"Question. IIow long have you resided in Blue
Rock township, Muskingum county, Ohio?
"Answer. .Ever since I was born, about forty-three
years.
"Question. Please state whether you was present
at the election held in Blue Rock township for State
and county officers and mcmbcrsof Congress in Octo-
ber, 1866 ?
"Answer. I was.
"Question. State what you know relative to the
judges of said election refusing to swear non-resi-
dent oil men when challenged ?
"Answer. Mr. McDonald and I went into the po-lls
and requested them to swear these oil men; the re-
ply was that it was not necessary; that Mr. Peyton's
reference was enough; that they are the same as a
Methodist preacher on a circuit; wherever they were
at the time was their residence; nothing further said
in my presence.
"Question. Please state whether or not Democrats
were intimidated from challenging by the conduct
of the active friends of Mr. Delano at that election?
"Answer. Well, I suppose they were.
"Question. State what was the conduct toward
Democrats by the active friends of Mr. Delano at
til at election Y
"Answer. Why, if the Democrats were to speak,
fifteen or twenty would run up and shake their fists
at you and menace you, and threaten to be*t you or
whip you.
Question. For how long was that election sus-
pended by the judges at noon?
"Answer. I could not tell you; 1 was not there just
at noon.
"Question. Please state whether the Democrats,
or many of them, remained at the polls during the
election, or went home; and if they did not remain,
what was the reason ?
"Answer. Well, there did not appear to be many
of them remain at the polls. I think there was a
lea.Hm of too much labble and too much fuss.
"Question. With what political party did the non-
resident oil men in Blue lloek township act at the
last October election ? .
"Jnzioa. As a general thing with the Republican
'"Qu^tion. Now, can you give the facts which make
them non-residents according to law ; we want lacts
and not your opinion?
"Answer. The fact is this: they were there a few
days before the election; theywere there at the elec-
tion, but they were not theie a few days after the
election, and they are not there now—that is, a major-
ity of them."
I will not read further from the testimony as
to the scandalous, unlawful, and outrageous
conduct which characterized the proceedings
of the officers at that poll. I say upon all thfe
evidence in this case, giving it the fairest and
most charitable construction any fair-minded
man can put upon it, it does not lie in this House
for one moment to do otherwise than reject
this poll as being wholly corrupt, as being
tainted with unlawful conduct, with fraud and
corruption.
Other witnesses swear that numerous per-
sons desired to vote for the contestee and were
not allowed to do so ; that numerous persons,
his friends, were driven from the polls and not
allowed to vote, and that on the day after this
election, or two or three days afterward, nearly
all these transient Methodist prcacher ras-
cals emigrated from that township, and left the
country for the country's good.
In my judgment all the proof touching this
precinct discloses such a condition of disorder
and violence, and so many gross irregularities,
frauds, and unlawful acts, on the part of the
election officers and the friends of the con-
testant, that it is impossible to deduce the truth
from the returns. It is impossible, upon an
impartial examination of all the evidence, not
to conclude that there were committed numer-
ous, palpable, and corrupt violations of the law
in rejecting legal and receiving illegal votes, in
refusing to regard challenges, in permitting
confessedly transient itinerant persons to vote
because they were like Methodist preachers,
and in other acts detailed in the testimony.
These conclusions are further greatly strength-
ened by the facts concerning the remarkable
changes m the votes in this township betweeu
the years 1S05, 1806, and 186". We refer in
this connection, as authority, to Blair vs. Bar-
rett, 2 Cont. Elee. Cas.? p. 308; Knox vs.
Blair, Id., p. 521, and cases there cited ; How-
ard vs. Cooper, Id., p. 275; Kneas's case,
Parson's Select Cas., p. 553, and Washburn
vs. Voorhees, in the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire as briefly as
possible to invite the attention of the House to
one more return that I esteem it to be ray indis-
pensable duty upon the law and the facts to
advise this House to reject; and that is the
poll of Clinton township. In that township
there was also an adjournment, and therefore,
under the decision of Judge Brinkerlioff, that
poll is by the very force of this unauthorized
adjournment null and void. I do not rest the
rejection of the poll on that fact alone. As in
the other case, I rest it upon all the facts and
circumstances connected with the election, as
well as upon the law. Within the corporate
limits of the township of Clinton, in LCnox
county, is situated the incorporated city of
Mount Vernon, divided into five wards. The
constitution of Ohio requires electors to vote
in the county, township, and ward in which
they reside. Will Congress set aside that law? *
Will Congress say that when Ohio says that a
mfctn shall vote where he lives, it means that
he shall not vote where he lives, but somewhere
else?
Bat the gentleman discovers that this law in
this particular township was violated for twelve
years. Suppose it was. That does not make
it the duty ot Congress to repeat that violation—
to set aside the laws of the State. He also said
that that violation had been recognized by every
department of the government of Ohio. For
that statement he has not one particle of au-
thority. That irregularity has never been ap-
proved by any judicial tribunal or authorized
ministerial officer of Ohio. It has simply been
tolerated because no one has questioned it.
It may be that the majorities were so great as
to render a contest on that ground immaterial
or ineffectual.
The laws of that State are still more spe-
cific on this point than the constitution itself,
and they require, as I state in my report, that
every person shall vote in the township or
ward in which he may reside, and that he must
have resided there the requisite period of time
before he shall be entitled to vote. They also
make it a penal offense, a felony, to vote any-
where else than in the township or ward in
which he resides. Every person thefc resid-
