374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
in insurrection against the lawful Government
of the United States by the proclamation of the
President of July 1,1862. This property when
• aken by the agents of the Treasury was required
10 be sold at auction to the highest bidder, and
•'the proceeds thereof" to "be paid into the
Treasury of the United States."
You will observe, Mr. President, that every
ict on this subject is specific and direct, that
the property shall be sold and its proceeds paid
into the Treasury of the United States. The
cumbersome mode of proceeding before the
courts was dispensed with by this act of March
12, 1863, and the Treasury agents were to seize
•vll captured and abandoned property in the
insurrectionary districts, and were to sell it
and pay the proceeds into the Treasury. Well,
what then, sir ? It would happen in making
these seizures that sometimes property would
be seized which was not property subject to
seizure, and Congress therefore provided injthe
third section of this act relief for those persons
whose property should have been thus wrongly
taken; and what was that ? The section is in
these words:
"Any person claiming to have been the owner of
any such abandoned or captured property may, at
any time within two years after the suppression of
lie rebellion, prefer his claim to the proceeds thereof
in the Court of Claims."
Prefer his claim for what? "To the pro-
ceeds thereof," not the property; he never
could get that back, but "to the proceeds
thereof."
"And on proof to the satisfaction of said court"—
Of what facts?
" of his ownership of said property, of his right to
the proceeds thereof, and that he has never givon
any aid or comfort to the present rebellion, to receive
the residile of such proceeds, after the reduction of
any purchase money which may have been paid,
togetnerwith the expense of transportation and sale
of said property, and any other lawful expenses
attending the disposition thereof."
Here was a provision made by the statute
for the relief of those persons whose property
had been improperly taken, with which, how-
ever, the Secretary of the Treasury had nothing
to do. His duty was specific—to pay the money
into the Treasury of the United States.
The sixth section of this act made it the
duty of all the officers of the Army and the
Na^y who had possession of enemy property to
turn it over to these Treasury agents.
In 1864 Congress again legislated upon this
subject, and by the act of the 2d of July of
that year declared what property was to be
embraced under the terms "abandoned" and
"captured" property. It will be observed
that the Secretary of the Treasury has under-
taken to draw a distinction between captured
and abandoned property, and to claim the
right to surrender up the one if not the other.
The act of Congress recognizes no such dis-
tinction, but subjects the property of all rebels
to seizure and sale. The third section of the
act of July 2,1864, declares—
" That the first section of the 'Apt to provide for
the collection of the abandoned property and for the
prevention of fraud in insurrectionary districts in
the United States,' approved March 12,1863 "—
which is the act under which the Secretary of
the Treasury appointed his Treasury agents to
receive and collect captured and abandoned
property—
"is hereby extended so as to include the descriptions
of property mentioned in" * * * * "the
act entitled 'An act to suppress insurrection, to pun-
ish treason and rebellion, to seize and confiscate the
'property of rebels, and for other purposes,' approved
July 17,1862." * * * * "And section six
of said first-mentioned act is hereby amended so as
to include every description of property mentioned
in the acts of July 13,1861, and July 17,1862, afore-
said."
So that by this act of July 2,1864, the Treas-
ury agents who were appointed to receive and
collect the captured and abandoned property
were directed to take all the property embraced
in the confiscation act of July 17, 1862; and
what was that ? All property of every person
who had been engaged in or given aid ana com-
fort to the rebellion. It was their duty to seize
the whole of it, and the words " captured and
abandoned property" were extended so as to
include the property of every person who had
given aid and comfort to the rebellion. This
last act, like the others, required the money
which was received from the proceeds of the
sales of this property to be paid into the Treas-
ury of the United States. Was it so paid?
Why, sir, this resolution on your table shows
that the whole of it has not yet reached the
Treasury. Was it not the duty of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, palpable and plain, under
these laws, to see that the proceeds were paid
into the Treasury ? Could you have any doubt
on that point ? He was to appoint agents ; they
were to take captured and abandoned property,
and inasmuch as there was some difficulty in
understanding what those terms meant the pro-
visions of the act of March 12, 1863, were
extended so as to subject all the property of
rebels of every kind and description to seizure
by these Treasury agents; or rather, they were
to receive and collect it and sell it and pay the
proceeds into the Treasury of the United States.
These seem to me to be very clear and very
plain provisions of law.
I said that under these acts more than thirty-
four millions of proceeds had been received.
I have before me the letter of the Secretary of
the Treasury dated March 2, 1867, in answer
to a resolution of this body on this subject, in
which he says:
" It appears that the total amount received from
the various sources properly enumerated under the
general head of captured and abandoned property
was $34,052,809 54, of which amount the sum of
$24,742,022 55 remains as net proceeds."
This is in accordance with what I stated
originally when this subject was under consid-
eration. Now, sir, what was it the duty of the
Secretary of the Treasury to do with these
proceeds?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will excuse
me for interrupting him; but it is not in accord-
ance with what he stated before. He stated
before that $10,000,000 had been used up in
expenses, whereas that very statement which
he has in his hand shows that several millions
were money paid out under the law of 1864 in
purchasing cotton according to law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did state that $10,000,-
000 had been expended.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Had been used up in
expenses.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It had been used up in
some way. The gross amount is given and the
net proceeds are given, and if the Senator from
Maine will have patience I think he will see
before I am through that it has been most
wrongfully and unlawfully expended.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That may be. All I
wished to do was to correct the Senator as he
went along in his statement of what he said
before. The statement to which I answered
before was, that the expenses of collection and
sale had been $10,000,000, and I showed him
from the very paper that he has in his.hand
that it was not so by several millions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I read the precise words
of the Secretary of the Treasury, which are:
" It appears that the total amount received from
the various sources properly enumerated under the
general head of captured and abandoned property
was $34,052 809 64, of which amount the sum of
$24,742,022 55 remains as net proceeds."
This is the proceeds of "captured and aban-
doned property," let me tell the Senator from
Maine, and not the proceeds of "purchased
property.''
Mr. FESSENDEN. It includes the pro-
ceeds of the purchased property, and if the
Senator will send me the paper I will show it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know the excuses that
are in this paper, and I shall comment upon
them at the proper time. I am sorry that my
friend from Maine cannot wait until I get
through with my comments upon this very
paper.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator objects
to my correcting him he has only to say so,
and I shall not interrupt him again.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection ; it
does not disturb me at all to be interrupted,
but I think probably I should answer the Sen-
ator's objections before I get through.
1 Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does not disturb me
to be interrupted, if the Senator wishes to say
anything.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; I shall not
i! interpose, because the moment I attempt to
1 correct the Senator in a statement he gets in
an apparent passion and begins denunciation
about "the Senator's patience." I therefore
' will hear him through, reserving my privilege
1 of answering him when he has got through or
at some other time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, Mr. President, I
read the statement as it is; I read the very
words; and when the Secretary tells us that so
much is received as the gross proceeds and so
much left as the net proceeds of captured and
; abandoned property I supposed that he meant
i what he said. The Senator from Maine the other
! j day undertook to show, and read from the same
paper to show, that this difference between
$36,000,000 and $24,000,000, in round num-
bers, was made up in part of claims that were
allowed by the Secretary of the Treasury. I
am aware of that, sir; but I think they were
Unjustly allowed. He may call it expenses. I
care not to cavil upon words. The point is this:
of $36,000,000 received, but $24,000,000 re-
main, according to the statement; a portion of
this money went for the expenses of the sale, for
transportation, for keeping the property until it
was sold ; and so far as I know—I nave seen no
list of these expenses—they may all have been
proper. A portion of this difference between
the $36,000,000 and the $24,000,000, according
to this statement, is made up of claims allowed ;
and the Senator from Maine says a portion of
it is made up of money paid for cotton. I was
not aware of that. It may be that the state-
ment would so show; but I do not see exactly
how that would be consistent with the state-
ment which I have read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator would
like to have it explained I think I can explain
it in a moment if he desires it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will find
that the last act which was passed provided for
the appointment of agents to purchase cotton;
that cotton should be brought to agents and
purchased, and they should sell it and pay the
proceeds into the Treasury, and out of those
proceeds the party selling it to the purchasing
agents was entitled to a fixed rate—seventy-five
per cent.—the Government retaining twenty-
five per cent. Into that account all the cotton
that was purchased and sold is brought, and
in the $10,000,000 is charged the amount of
the purchase-money, and what was brought in
is credited on the other side. That is the
explanation of it. You credit what you re-
ceive and charge what you paid out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
of the Senator if he considers property that
was purchased as coming under the head of
"captured or abandoned property?"
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is included in the
statement of the thirty odd millions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Admit that it is; does
it come under that description of property
properly ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is another ques-
tion. If it does not come under that head
then there have not been $34,000,000 realized
from captured and abandoned property.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That might be, accord-
ing to the paper; but I should not regard
property that was purchased as " captured and
abandoned property;" and the Senator from
Maine must pardon me if I do not understand
how, properly, property purchased could have-
been designated as "captured or abandoned."
Well, sir, whether captured or abandoned, or
in whatever shape this money was received by
the Secretary of the Treasury, it was, as I have
said, clearly his duty, or the duty of the agents
appointed by him, to have paid it into the
Treasury of the United States. Instead of
doing that he proceeded to adjudicate upon
it, and, according to this report he restored
to claimants nine thousand five hundred and
