1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ing in the city of Moijnt Vernon, in any ward
"of that city, who voted at that election, violated
the criminal law of Qkio, and subjected liim-
"self to prosecution as "for felony. Will you set
aside these laws? Will Congress declare, in
the teeth of all these facis and of this law, that
this election is good and valid, because, for-
sooth, it. gives to the contestant a majority of
081, and reject the vote of Pike township
upon the most frivolous ground, because it
gives the fitting member a majority of 140
votes?
Jti the city of Mount Vernon no election was
held according to law. No attempt was made
io hold any election according to law in said
city as such, or in the respective-wards thereof.
An election was held within the territorial
limits of the fourth ward, but it was held as a
township, not as a ward election, and was held
by the trustees of Clinton township, neither of
whom was a councilman or officer of the city.
At this election the electors of the township,
including the city, voted. The votes of the
citizens of th(? city and those of the citizens of
the township outside the city were all deposited
in the same ballot-box. The polls were closed
by the officers of this election from thirty to
sixty minutes between twelve m. and one
o'clock p. in., and the ballot-box and poll-
books were carried away and kept by the offi-
cers, all of whom were the political friends of
the contestant. (See the decision of Justice
Brinkerhoff, referred to in connection with
Blue Rock township.) The working men in
the foundries and workshops of the city gen-
erally voted during their dinner hour, from
twelve to one o'clock, and were liable to lose
wages if absent to vote at another hour. (Pt.
2, pp. 286, 287, 211, and Pt. 1, pp. 132, 133.)
One of the officers of the election, John Y.
Reeve, refused to administer the oath to many
persons challenged by the friends of the con-
testee, and unlawfully and fraudulently de-
posited their ballots in utter disregard of the
demands of competent challengers, and thus
committed felonies punishable by imprisonment
in the penitentiary of the State. The law says
thai:
"If anyjudgu" "shall refuse
or sanction the refusal by any other judge ot the
board to w hick ho i-bail belong to administer either
of the oaths or affirmations presonbed by the thir-
teenth and fifteenth sections of this act," * ^
* f " (.to be administered to .my person whoso
right to vote is challenged,) ho nhali bo imprisoned
in thi! penitentiary and kept at hard labor not more
than live years nor less than one year.'
Here the election officer perpetrates a fraud,
numerous frauds upon the sitting member at
this poll, each one of which subjected him to a
confinement in the penitentiary for at least one
year ; and yet this House is asked to set aside,
ignore, and disregard this solemn enactment of
the State of Ohio to regulate the conduct of her
own elections and preserve the purity of the
ballot-box.
Although I deem it wholly immaterial to
effect the result of this contest whether the
House exclude or admit the poll ol this town-
ship, yet it becomes my imperative duty to
present the facts, the law, and my views to the
House. The law, in the conduct of this elec-
tion, has not only been openly disregarded,
but it has been also directly violated. _ Noelec-
tions were held in the wards of the city. Their
ballots were confused with those of the citizens
of the township outside. It is no answer to
say that the proper officers neglected to organ-
ize election boards in the city, and that the
people therefore might vote at the township
poll, because, in such case, it was the right
and duty of the citizens at the time to select
other officers, and proceed to hold the elec-
tion according to law. The citizens of the
city had no right to vote at all out of their
respective wards, and to do so was to commit
crime under the laws of Ohio. If all these
things can be done without vitiating elections,-
then election laws become useless and inoper-
ative. Upon the evidence in this case it is
impossible to purge this poll of votes unlaw-
fully cast, or to determine what electors of
Clinton township voted at all, or for whom
they voted. In Miller vs. Thompson, 2 Con-
tested-Election. Cases, page 118, it is held that
"if the constitution and laws of a State require
that electors shall vote only in the counties in
which they reside, and at designated places in
those counties, votes given at other than the
designated places must be treated as nullities
I do not feel at liberty for a moment to hesi-
tate in the conclusion, upon all the grounds of
fact and law, that it is my clear duty to reject
this poll entirely. The'vote returned for the
contestant was 73G, and for the contestee 355.
Now, in reference to these two precincts,_ I
submit, that by the authorities in this House for
the last seventy-five years the entire polls ought
to be rejected. And I say, also, that in the
absence of any material particle of proof of
fraud or other irregularity the vote of Pike
township can no more be rejected than you can
reject every precinct in the whole thirteenth
district of Ohio that gave the sitting member a
majority.
Mr. Speaker, there are many other points
to which I desired to invite the attention of the
House in connection with the evidence as it
has been presented by the author of the major-
ity report. I have but a moment of time to
refer to two or three cases.
He finds that William Murray, who voted in
Clark township, was an illegal voter, and yet
there is not one single syllable of testimony
tending even to show that Mr. Murray was ever
drafted, or in the Army, or was ever charged
with desertion, and I defy the production of
one solitary word of testimony to the contrary
of my assertion.
And I do the same as to David Ford, who
put in a substitute, and as to whom the proof
is clear and overwhelming, and yet he is said
to be an illegal voter.
The same is true of Josiah Pepper, who also
put in a substitute.
The same is true of Frederick Spang, or
Sperry, as he is sometimes called, who was
drafted but did not vote, and yet he is charged
to the sitting member as a deserter voting for
him.
The same is true of George Billman and
"Henry Cutchall, and Jacob Catchall, in Craw-
ford township. There were three Jacob
Cutchalls: one went into the Army, and after
his return settled in White Eyes township;
another wasdrafted, left the country, and never
returned ; and the third was not drafted nor in
the Army, and remained at home, and he voted.
And yet he is rejected, because, forsooth, his
name was the same as that of the man who
was in the Army and did not desert. He is
alleged to be an illegal voter, and his vote is
rejected for the sitting member. To all these
assertions I challenge the production of one
line of contrary evidence.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, obtained the
floor.
Mr. KERR. Before I take my seat, I will
ask leave ot the House to add a little to my
remarks when published, by way of completing
my statement,.
Mr. MtJLLlNS. I move that the gentle-
man have longer time.
Mr. KERR. I only want about five minutes.
Mr. MULLINS. I hope the gentleman will
bo allowed that much time.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not care how much
time the gentleman takes; he may occupy all
the time on the other side of this question if
gentlemen opposite choose. But I am opposed
to devoting so much time to this case. 1 want
to get to the end of it after awhile, and hear
no more of the case of Delano vs. Morgan,
which we have had before our committee for
six months.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Wixdom
in the chair.) The Chair hears no objection,
and the gentleman from Indiana will proceed.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would like to inquire
whether there is an evening session ordered
for to-night?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There is not.
Mr. SCOFIELD. A great many members
are under the impression that there is to be
an evening session. I was aware there was
not, and I wished to announce it to the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Night ses-
sions are to be held only when the House has
the tax bill under consideration, as the Chair
understands.
Mr. KERR. Have I leave to proceed?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man has leave.
Mr. KERR. I resume then where I was
interrupted. Thesameis trueof GeorgeLoati,
who was not liable to draft because he was
over forty-five years of age, and the testimony
to which I have referred in my report shows
this fact.
The same is true of Perry Wheeler, who
was not drafted. Benjamin P. Wheeler was
drafted, but did not vote; and Perry Wheeler
is charged against the sitting member as a
deserter and an illegal voter.
In one township in this congressional district
the election officers left the lawful place where
they were holding the election and went-to the
home of a sick man remote from the polls and
there received his ballot and then returned to
the lawful place of holding the election. I
have rejected the vote of that man because it
was received in palpable and clear violation
of the law.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I invite the attention of
the House to my recapitulation of this case.
I give to the contestant the legal votes returned
for him, certified to him by the officers of the
election, 12,957*? 1 add to that 5 votes which
were illegally rejected and ought to have been
counted for him.
I also add 23 votes for the township of Lin-
ton, and 10 votes for the township of Monroe,
increasing his aggregate vote to 12,995. _
Then, upon a most careful examination of
the whole case, I deduct from his vote lJ minors,
8 insane persons and idiots, 45 non-residents,
and 10 non-resident students, who, in the
express language of the law of Ohio, were not
competent and qualified voters, because, ac-
cording to the very language of that law, they
had gone into Ohio " for a temporary purpose,' '
intending, according to their own sworn testi-
mony, to leave as soon as that temporary pur-
pose was accomplished; and by a decision of
one of the district courts of Ohio, made a few
days ago, at the town of Xenia. By a unani-
mous decision of the court, composed almost
entirely of Republicans, that class of persona
were held to be illegal voters. I also deduct
117 votes for the contestant's illegally returned
majority in Blue Rock township; obi for his
majority in Clinton township ; 2 for a double
vote in Jefferson township, and lfor the vote
of McCossIand, or a total^ deduction of 573
leaving the contestant's just and legal vote
12,422.
1 give to the contcstee 13.228 votes returned
for him. To that I add 1 vote thrown out
in Jefferson township, and 3 legal votes which
were rejected; making a total of 13,232.
Then, on account of irregularities, 1 deduct 23^
votes in Linton township and 10 votes in Moil-"
roe township ; also, the votes of 3 minors and
32 non-residents ; or a t(?tal deduction ot 88
votes, leaving a total aggregate of 13,104.
From this deduct the vote allowed for the con-
testant, 12,422, and the legal majority for the
contestee will be 742 votes.
In arriving at these results I have endeav-
ored, to the utmost of my capacity, to act in
a strictly and absolutely judicial spirit, to reject
no vote and to receive no vote winch, upon
the facts and the law, my judgment did not
hold should be rejected or received._ There-
fore in my own conscience I rest in a farm,
absolute, unwavering, and most confident con-
viction that every single result I have reached
is susceptible of being sustained before any
judicial tribunal upon the evidence in the vol-
uminous record of this case.
The examination of this evidence, as stated
by the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Scofield] involved immense labor,
greater labor than I ever before bestowad upon
