1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
375
six bales of cotton and $2,210,476 96, the pro-
ceeds of cotton, and he claimed the right to do
so, as will be observed by his letter, which says:
" In all oases arising under the statutes relative to
captured, abandoned, or confiscable property, where
the same was taken possession of by agents or officers
of the Treasury Department, without the interven-
tion of the military authorities, Secretary Chase, Sec-
retary Fessenden, and the present Secretary have
felt authorised to revise tho action and correct the
errors of subordinate officers of the Department; to
investigate the facts and circumstances relative to
property so seized, and to restore the same or its pro-
ceeds to the ownors, if it had been illegally or im-
properly taken."
Now, sir, where did they get that right?
That was the very question which the law sub-
mitted to another jurisdiction, the Court of
Claims, within two years after the suppression
of the rebellion. Where did the Secretary of
the Treasury get authority to investigate this
matter and determine whether the property
was properly captured or abandoned? If it
was property belonging to a person who had
given aid and comfort to the rebellion it was
enemy property by the act of July 17, 1862,
and it was made the duty of these officers to
receive it. What was the question that the
Secretary decided? He decided the question
whether it had been properly seized. Of course
he inquired whether the claimant was the
owner. What did the statute of 1803 require
the Court of Claims to inquire into? The
claimant's "ownership of said property."
Did not the Secretary investigate that very
question? He certainly would not restore
property to a person who did not show him-
self to be the owner; but that was one of the
questions submitted by the law to the Court of
Claims.
What was the next question? "His right
to the proceeds thereof" Was not that the
question which the Secretary nndertook to
adjudicate? Certainly the Secretary would
not pay the proceeds to a person without hav-
ing satisfactory proof that he had a right to the
proceeds thereof.
What else was the Court of Claims to be
satisfied of? That the person claiming the
property "has never given any aid or comfort
to the present rebellion." Did the Secretary
of the Treasury require that proof? Not always.
It appears by the discussion that arose on this
subject the other day that there is now a case
pending where it is said the party is entitled
to recover who is a pardoned rebel. That is
one of the cases now pending, for the settle-
ment of which, it is said; this money is kept
out of the Treasury; and it was referred, says
the Senator from Maine, to the committee of
which my friend from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds]
is chairman, the Committee on Retrenchment.
But, sir, has the Committee on Retrenchment
any authority to pay or direct'or advise money
to be paid to a pardoned rebel, when your
act of Congress says that before this money is
to be paid the court must be satisfied that the
party claiming the money has never given aid
or comfort to the rebellion? The opinion of
the Attorney General in reference to this case
of Billups, which was guoted by the Senator
from Vermont the other day, states:
"After the fall of the so-called confederate gov-
ernment and the surrender of its armies, and after
Joseph P. Billups had been pardoned by the Presi-
dent, the Treasury agents seized the cotton as the
property of the confederate government because they
found it entered upon the books of that government.
Prior to this seizure by the Treasury Billups had
sold the cotton to Colonel John S. Williams.'
Why, sir, Billups could not sell the prop-
erty. Why? Because the act of Juiy 17, 1862,
declared:
"And all sales, transfers, or conveyances of any
such property after the expiration of the said sixty
days from the date of such warning and proclama-
tion sl)aH be null and void."
He had no capacity to Bell it. This Bale to
John S. Williams was null and void.
Then, sir, what were the questions that the
Secretary of the Treasury undertook to pass
upon ? The very questions that the law said
should be passed upon by the Court of Claims;
that is, the ownership, the right to the pro-
ceeds, and the loyalty of the claimant.
But the Senator from Maine the other day in
his argument said that the statute did not say
that uiere was not any other way by which a
claimant could obtain the proceeds than through
the Court of Claims. It is true the law had
provided a remedy for a party whose property
was improperly seized in the Court of Claims,
but the law did not say that was the only one.
Why, sir, what did the law say?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will please
not put words in my mouth. I think the Sen-
ator cannot find that expression in what I said.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is the language of
the Senator as reported in the Globe:
" I know that the doubt, if there was a possibility
of a doubt, was always given to the Government,
and tho parties claiming were remitted to the remedy
provided by the statute of 1863, which it is not said
shall be the only remedy."
I presume the Senator would hardly enter-
tain that opinion as a lawyer. When the law
had provided that the proceeds of this prop-
erty should be paid into the Treasury of the
United States, and then had prescribed a mode
by which a party entitled to the proceeds
might recover them, I should imagine that
upon reflection the Senator from Maine would
hardly say that the party whose duty it was to
pay the proceeds into the Treasury had a right
to adjudicate upon the question. His duty was
specific, to pay over the money. The only way
to get it back was through the Court of Claims,
I wish to say that I have no disposition, no
object, and no purpose in the world to find
fault with any expression that has fallen from
the Senator from Main6, or to find lault with
any action of the Secretary of the Treasury.
I have no controversy tfith the gentlemen who
have held that position or the one who holds
it now. This is a public matter. I think that
the public interests require that the laws should
be complied with. If not a dollar had ever
been paid out by the Secretary of the Treasury
except where the party was strictly entitled to
it, if the Secretary was immaculate and had
done justice in all eases, I still would say that
it was wrong for him to take jurisdiction of
these questions and attempt to decide them
when the law had confided them to another
tribunal. It is against the exercise of these
extraordinary and unwarrantable powers on
the part of the Secretary of the Treasury that
I protest. Why, sir, a great deal of the finan-
cial difficulty that exists in the country at this
time is to be attributed to the vast discretion-
ary powers that have been wielded by the
Secretary of the Treasury. No business man
knows what a day may bring forth. You have
hoarded up in the Treasury more than one
hundred million dollars. He can make the
money market easy or make it tight by his
operations, and no one knows what he will do.
No man is willing to embark in an enterprise
which requires capital this year, because he
does not know whether by some action of the
Secretary the money that he invests to-day
may not be worth double its present value
another year.
Now, sir, have I not shown that the Secre-
tary undertook to pass upon the identical
questions which were submitted by the law to
ihe Court of Claims ? If he was permitted to
make these decisions then there was nothing
left for the Court of Claims to investigate.
I wish to refer for a few moments to the
opinion of the Attorney General, which shows
very conclusively the meaning of these stat-
utes to which I have alluded. The Secretary
of the Treasury, in. 18G5, I think, called upon
the Attorney General to know whether he
could adjudicate upon claims against property
received and taken by Treasury agents, and
here is the reply of the Attorney General.
After referring to the statutes, he says:
"Thus it appears that all cotton received by,or
that may have come under the control, of, any mili-
tary officer or soldier, whether it was actually seized
or captured by him or not, must be dealt with as
' abandoned or captured property.'"
* * * * * * *   * « • ■
"lam of opinion that neither the President nor
any other executive officer can restore or authorize
such a commission as you suggest to make restora-
tion of tho proceeds of their captured property to
these loyal claimants.
Congress, by the legislation under consideration
has reserved to itself the power of finally disposing
of the claims of tho alleged owners of this property
and so long as that legislation eiists the claimants
must pursue tho remedy which it indicates for tho
establishment and enforcement of their rights."
* *♦*#****.}■,£
"It was not expected that such captures had been
or would be in all cases well and wisely made, or
that in the coursc of such predatory hostility the
innocent would not sometimes suffer as well as the
guilty. Nor was it thought well that tho administra-
tion, so to speak, of so much of the property within
the enemy's territory as might be reduccd into the
possession of the military forces, should be controlled
by or under executive authority." * * * *
"The duty of the agents was to receive all property
in the insurgent States which was in fact captured or
seized out of tho enemy's possession by tho military
authorities. They had no duty or power to inquire
whether or not such property had been rightfully
captured; whether tho Generals who reported it to
them for collection had observed, in effecting the
captures, what are called 'the recognized usages of
war,' or had violated all the principles of writers on
what is styled the law of nations, supposed to tend
against the right of seizing private property on land;
but it was the duty of the Treasury agents simply to
receive all property reported to them as having been
captured, irrespective of any considerations touching
the legal exemption of any of it from seizure, and to
dispose of it in the manner provided by the law.
"After the conversion of tho property into money
the proceeds were directed to be paid into tho Treas-
ury. The words of the statute are, 'the proceeds
thereof shall be paid into the Treasury of the United
States.'" *«  * * * * *
"When the insurrection has been suppressed the
owners are authorized to invoke the jurisdiction of
the Court of Claims, and obtain there an adjudica-
tion of their respective claims.
" The proceeds of the property aro thus in the pos-
session of the United States, subject to the adjudica-
tions of that court; and when it shall have passed
upon the claimants' rights and decreed in their
favor, Congress has solemnly declared that they
shall receive restitution of their property. In tho
presence of such legislation (covering, as it does, the
entire suhject-matter, providing for the safe custody
of the property in question pending hostilities, and
for the final judicial determination of the rights of
the parties in interest) I oannot see that the Execu-
tive has power to make a different disposition of the
property from that provided by Congress, or author-
ize any one to determine the questions which Con-
gress has intrusted to the decision of another forum."
Could anything be more conclusive than this
opinion of ther Attorney General as to the ille-
gality of the action of the Secretary of the
Treasury ?
Mr. EDMUNDS.' He says that he followed
that opinion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall come to that
point. I undertake to say that his report shows
he did not follow that opinion. There is, Mr.
President, an opinion of the Supreme Court of
the United States which bears upon this ques-
tion and shows how this property was to be
disposed of. In the case of Mrs. Alexander,
where she claimed a certain number of bales
of cotton, the Supreme Court, through theChief
Justice, says:
" It is said that, though remaining in rebel terri-
tory, Mrs. Alexander has no personal sympathy with
the rebel oause, and that her property, therefore, caB-
not be regarded as enemy proporty; but this court
cannot inquire into tho personal character and dis-
positions of individual inhabitants of enemy terri-
tor y " ^ ^ ^ # % ♦ i|s
"We must be governed by tho principle of public
law, so often announced from this bench as applica-
ble alike to civil and international wars, that all the
people of each State or district in insurrectioaagainst
the United States must be regarded as enemies until
by the action of the Legislature and the Exeoutive,
or otherwise, that relation is thoroughly and perma-
nently changed. .
" Being enemies' property the cotton was liable to
capture and confiscation by the adverse party."
***** ******
"And the capture was jivitified bjr Iwisl&tion as
well as by public policy, xhe act of Congress to
confiscate property used for insurrectionary pur-
poses, approved August 6,1861, declares all proporty
employed in aid«f the rebellion, with consent oi the
owners, to bo lawful subject of prize and capture
wherever found. And it further provided, by tho
act to suppress insurrection, and for other purposes,
approved July 17.1 >2, that the property of persons
who had aided the rebellion, and should not return
to allegiance after the President's waning, should
be seized and confiscated." *****
"We think it clear that tho cotton in controversy
was not maritime prize, butshould havebeen turned
over to the agents of the Treasury department to
be disposed of under the act of March 12,1363. Mot
having been so turned over, but having been sold by
order of the district court, its proceeds should now be
paid into the Treasury of the United States, in order
that the claimant, when the rebellion is suppressed,
or she has been able to leave the rebel region, may
have the opportunity to bring her suit in the Court
of Claims, and on making the proof required by
act have the proper decree."—2 Wallace Reports, 419.
There, sir, was a case before the Supreme
