1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3807
country there is something about them which
quickens, vitalizes, and energizes it. No gold
there? So it was said about California. And
yet from six to eight hundred million dollars in
the twenty years that American shave held Cali-
fornia have been exported from that State
alone. Under Mexican rule it would have
cut no figure in the history of the world. Under
Russian rule, such as there can be upon a dis-
tant coast like that of Alaska, with an ocean
and live thousand miles of wilderness inter-
vening, Alaska has been useful only to a fur
company, a company that does not desire that
tlieie shall be any improvements of the char-
acter I have indicated. Let American enter-
prise go there, and as if by electricity all that
country will waken into life and possess value.
I regret that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
SiiELL.uiAiiuEu] is not in liis seat. I should
hope that so tine an intellect and so fine spirited
a man would review such an argument as he
made here and find that he had labored under
a very great mistake.
The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Wasii-
bcbnJ questioned the truthfulness of the dis-
patch that General Halleck sent from the West
with reference to the feelings of the people on
the Pacific in regard to this acquisition. Not-
withstanding the gentleman assumes here in
this Hall to charge General Iialleck and Pro-
fessor Davidson with falsehood, I say to him,
and all other members of the House, that there
is no subject so vital to that people as this;
and, sir, the whole population there, men,
women, and children, without distinction of
party, are in favor of this acquisition.
J hope, Mr. Chairman, that the little oppo-
sition which has been exhibited hers to this
proposition will melt away, and that the Re-
publican side of this House will give us a solid
front in favor of this appropriation, and let this
question be disposed of. Let the American go
to that country and follow the different pur-
suits of life with which he is familiar. Let him
go and hunt for gold, copper, iron, coal. I
venture the assertion that in less than one
year's time, that within one season after this
question is settled, there will be developments
in that territory that will show to the American
people its great value, and that the acquisition
was one which this Government ought to make.
Mr. McCARTIIY obtained the floor, and
yielded three minutes to
Mr. PRICE, who said : Mr. Chairman, I am
allowed three minutes to reply to my friend
from Calilorniain reference to the compara-
tive value of Alaska and the Mississippi valley.
Mr. 1IIG13Y. I said nothing about the Mis-
sissippi valley.
Mr. PRICE. I only desire to reiterate what
I said tho other day, that while some mem-
bers of this House have doubted and hesitated
as to the propriety and financial policy of an
appropriation by this Government of a few
thousand dollars to remove the obstructions in
tho Mississippi river, the grandest river upon
the globe, and inhabited by a loyal, intelligent,
and energetic people, the same gentlemen who
thus hesitate and object are ready to vote
$10,000,000 out of the Treasury for the pur-
chase of the icebergs of Alaska.
Now, sir, if there is anything incorrect, if
there is anything in thatstatementnot consist-
ent with the strictest truth, then 1 ask any gen-
tleman upon this floor to show where the inac-
curacy is. I did not say that the people of
Alaska lived upon ice and snow. If they did
it would have been a more desirable country.
I say now as 1 said then, that the inhabitants
of that territory consisted of about sixty or
seventy thousand Indians and some eight or
ten thousand white men of some sort. I say
now as I said then, that it would have been
better for us to have voted this $7,200,000 for
the purpose of removing obstructions in the
Mississippi river, thus- improving navigation
and commerce, and enabling breadstuff's to be
transported cheaply from the West to the sea-
board, than to have purchased this remote and
sterile territory of Alaska. In my judgment,
looking at the acquisition of the territory of
Alaska as I do, occupying the stand-point I do,
it is better, instead of paying this money for
Alaska, to expend it in opening up and improv-
ing the great channels of commerce in which
all of our people are interested. I believe it
is better to improve the country we have than
to buy new territory we do not want.
Mr. McCARTHY. I desire, sir, to give a
few reasons for opposing this appropriation
for the payment of Alaska. I understand the
treaty-making power of this country exists in
the executive and the Senate branches, and
while I concede that I have yet to convince
myself that those two powers of the Govern-
ment can override a coordinate branch. As a
Representative in this House I am called upon
to vote an appropriation for the payment of
money to fulfill a treaty in which I have not
been consulted, in which my power or judg-
ment has been completely ignored.
I ask the question here whether these two
branches of the Government, by an agreement
with the head of a foreign Power, can over-
ride this House in its action and destroy our
constitutional obligation? We are sent here
to perform legislative acts, and one of these
under the Constitution is to vote upon all the
appropriations of money. I am compelled to
ask what makes the necessity for this appro-
priation? admitting that these gentlemen com-
posing the two branches of the Government
had the power to make the treaty. What was
the pressing necessity for carrying out the
treaty at that time by taking possession of the
territory? The whole difficulty of this ques-
tion now rests with the Secretary of State,
and it is impossible that an officer in this
Government, simply a Cabinet officer, can put
us in a false position with Russia or with other
nations, by which under the law of nations we
are compelled to pay money or go to war. It
is not a question as to the fulfillment of a
treaty, because I believe a majority of this
House, no matter how they vote, agree with
me that Baron Stoeekl and Secretary Seward
forced this matter along and took possession
of Alaska for the purpose of putting this
House into the position in which it now stands,
an apparent necessity to vote tho money. How
so? The Secretary of State said it was not
the business of members of the House to dis-
cuss this question ; that they had nothing to do
but to vote the money; in other words, mere
machines without responsibility.
1 hoar gentlemen say it puts us in a position
of honor in regard to Russia, thai Russia is a
friendly Power. I ask this House where this
friendship comes from? It comes from self-
interest. She is the absorbing Power of the
Eastern continent, and she recognises us as the
absorbing Power of the Western continent,
and through friendship with us she desires to
override and over-balance the Governments of
Europe which lay between her and us. Look
at the principles of the two Governments.
Hers the one-man power, a despotism ; ours a
republican Government, a Government of the
people. Can there be real friendship, can
there be true interest here. Not at all; only
that kind of interest upon which to depend is
to depend upon a broken reed. We are not
obliged to court, much less to buy, the friend-
ship of Russia or any other Government. Let
us be just to humanity and freedom, and ever
the enemy of oppression and despotism. No
man can look at Poland, poor, decapitated,
wiped-out Poland, without remembering the
struggles of her sons and daughters for national
existence. No man can forget the persecu-
tions of that people, nowsulferingpersecutions
that disgrace the Christian religion and civiliza-
tion.
And here I am obliged to depart a little from
my regular argument and ask, what use had
Russia for this territory? Already she owned
five sixths of the frozen territory of the eastern
continent, more than she could use or make
profitable. Her policy is absorption not of
distant but of contiguous territory. She is
rapidly adding to her possession, without jus-
tice or mercy, nation after nation lying con-
tiguous. Napoleon said the time would come
when all Europe would become Cossack or
republican.
Look again at this matter. Russia had held
possession of Alaska for a long period of time.
It had never been profitable to her; it had
always been a bill of expense. She was glad,
therefore, of the opportunity to transfer it to
another Power. It gave her no power.or influ-
ence over the commerce of the Pacific ocean.
No nation on the earth needed an addition to
the number of her harbors and ports more than
Russia herself for commercial and naval use ;
and yet she disposes of this vast extent of
coast, this perfect Eldorado in imagination,
for a pitiful sum, if only a hundredth part of
what is said be true.
It appears by some of the reports that
every foot of the soil of Alaska is frozen from
five to six feet in depth, and only during a few
summer months, in some portion of the coun-
try on the coast, the soil thaws out to tho
depth of ten or fifteen inches, and bears some
poor vegetation.
It also appears that few minerals had been
discovered there up to tho timeof the purchase
by this Government, and that no coal had been
found suitable for supplying vessels. 1 believe
that all these telegrams and newspaper items
which have come to us within the last few weeks
are canards to help on the passage of this bill.
And I believe that as soon as this is completed
you will see other purchases and additions
coming into light. We see by the papers that
Denmark is ready to accept Seward's propo-
sition for the sale of St. Thomas. And when
she has settled a little difficulty now under
negotiation between herself and Prance she
will sell us St. Croix. Then you will hear
that Greenland and Iceland are in the market;
and I know not where this acquisition of ter-
ritory will stop.
Now, while I am in favor of an absorption
of territory, I want that absorption to be con-
tiguous, in accordance with the policy of Rus-
sia. \Ve have now a thousand million acres
of unoccupied land, far surpassing anything
pictured by the vivid fancy ot' the chairman of
the committee. In my own State we have from
fifty to seventy-five miles square of land, and
though we have a population of about four
million that tract of land is almost entirely
uninhabited. It is not frozen territory like
Alaska. It has a heavy growth of forest, it
contains numerous lakes and streams, and is
capable of cultivation for some kinds of grain.
Yet the people pass it by and seek more pro-
ductive fields in other sections of the couuliy.
Now, sir, I say the time has not come when
we need Alaska; but that time may come
when we shall have absorbed Canada and all
tho territory of Great Britain contiguous to
our own. Then, and not till then, do we need
Alaska. Then wo can take it at a sum far less
than $7,'200,000. I have the assurance ot' a
friend ot' the Secretary of State that Alaska
could have been had for ^-3,000,000 at the
time the treaty was made if the Secretary had
shown alittlo Yankee shrewdness. Now, while
I am not opposed to absorption when duty and
necessity demands it, 1 am opposed to acquiring
territory not contiguous, of little or no value,
frozi n and barren, utterly useless to Russia,
it must be to us entailing the control and care
of thousands of savage Indians under a great
expense at a time when we cannot afford it,
our burdens now being heavy and onerous.
We have got to settle the question of the
power of this House over appropriations of
money under treaties. Voting tlie money and
protesting is mere child's play. Let us now
establish a precedent that for all time will com-
pel a lecognition of our voice in the treaty-
making power upon all questions when the
Constitution demands it, and we shall have
added security to the future welfare of our
country.
Mr. LOAN. Mr. Chairman, that Alaska was
created for some wise purpose I have just as
little doubt as I have had since the rebellion
of the necessity of the infernal regions. W ith-
