260
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 1,
Ho. of Seps.
Finances—Mr. Holman.
40th gong....2d sess.
paper would be if lie did not pay it when it
fell due.
Mr. HOLMAN. What is money? A con-
venient agent of commerce, a method of ex-
change, a representative of value, a regulation
of political society. I owe the gentleman ten
dollars and' I promise, to pay liim that much
rponey, I tender him such a note as he holds
in his hand. The law has declared it to lie
lawful money—lawful ten dollars, which he is
bound to receive in extinguishment of his debt.
The Congress, witli the sanction of the courts
of justice, have declared the paper which my
friend holds in his hand to be ten dollars and
receivable i,n extinguishmenfof" a promise to
pay that much money by the citizen or by the
Government. To draw a distinction between
this money and any other lurid of money is a
mere play upon words. Cougress bus declared
that.these United States notes shall "be law-
ful pioneyand a legal tender in payment of all
debts, public and private, within the United
States," except duties on imports and interest
on bonds and notes payable in coin ; these notes
are money by the same authority that gold coin
is made money, their commercial value as
money is fixed by law. There is nothing in
the objection that this money is not money ; it
is money after all. The people themselves
fully appreciate tjii.s money. They are satis-
fied with the lawful money they have made.
They insist that it is sufficient for the ordinary
transactions of business between citizen and
citizen. And if a debt payable by a citizen to
a citizen is under the law of the land redeem-
able in this lawful money,, declared to be law-
ful by a law of'the land for the payment "of
all debts public aud private," will you tell me
why a similar debt should be paid in gold,
when the nation—the whole people are the
debtor?
But I do not propose to stand upon that,
ground. I think, as a matter, of public policy,
it js better that this nation should pay off this
d-eM, upon the exact basis upon which it was
made, in.gold where the agreement was to pay
in gold, and in lawful money where the agree-
ment was to pay in lawful money, or where the
particular money was not expressed, and the
justice,of paying in lawful money where the
debt is not expressly payable in coin, is clearly
manifest; indeed, the agreement to pay in coin
a debt contracted in a currency of leas value is
clearly unjust to the people. But it is better
to live up to our contract, hard and uncon-
scionable as it was, than that the shgliest sus-
Ijicioii should rest upon the integrity Or honor
of the nation. Until we can pay the principal
of the debt in lawful money let the interest be
paid in coin.
' &r. BllOOMALL. Will the gentleman al-
low me tointerrupt him a moment?
Mr. HOLMAN.. I will yield to a question.
Mr. .BBO.OMALL. The gentleman says that
the .paper, greenback dollar is a dollar because
it is made lawful money by the Government of
the .United States. I want to know whether lie
means' tifl to,.understand him to say that the
paper ■(!(■>liar arid the gold dollar are precisely
equal in value because the law of the United
States also makes the gold dollar lawful money ?
Mr, IIOLMAN. Certainly. I suppose (here
is actually but little intrinsic value in gold or
silyer in comparison with the value attached
to it as a circulating medium by. the common
consent of csivilized nations. I suppose noth-
ing is more clearly established in this Govern-
ment now, though certainly it was not dreamed
of eight years ago, than that the Government can
impress upon whatever it thinks proper a given
value as an agent of commerce ; and that for
all practical purposes in all dealings of the
Government with its citizens, and between
citizen and citizen in the extinguishment of
debt ond the ordinary business relations of
life, tbut which is ueclartd to be money by the
supreme law of tire laud becomes in fact the
standard of value, just a3 much as gold and
silver are made the. representatives of value
by lavy.
I know there is a greater intrinsic value in-
a piece of gold than in the bit of paper I hold
in my hand. It is valuable for many purposes'
of civilized life. It is valuable because of its;
comparative scarcity and durability; itfurnish-es
a convenient medium for the commerce of the
world. Iron is, also one of the most valuable
of metals, actually of infinite more value than
gold. The Spartan law-giver thought an iron
currency better than a gold or silver currency.
Itoii and paper are the great agents of civiliza-
tion ; they are of actual and inestimable value,
while the value of gold is purely artificial. Yet
it is valuable as a common representative of
value among all nations. The aitilicial interests
of commerce have made it money just as our
laws stamp this monetary value upon a piece of
paper. The value of the gold dollar and the
value of the paper dollar equally depend 011 the
law of the land as an agent of comnierco. In
the ordinary channels of business in the com-
mon, every-day affairs of this nation, this paper
dollar becomes in fact as it is in law a legal
standard of value.
But all this develops the fact that the Repub-
lican party, which now controls this nation,,
and has done so for eight years, the policy of
which rendered this money indispensable, lias
a.lways, in its ingonious-theories, its modes of
thought, and methods of reasoning, favored
that policy which •would promote the interest
of capital, making the rich richer and the poor
poorer. You put out this money; you con-
tract an enormous debt on the basis of this
money; you pay the pension of the widow aud
orpliau child of the dead soldier in this money.
It was good enough to pay for the blood of the
soldier; it is good enough fijr the people; but
the bondholder must have a more valuable
money; it is not good enough for the wealthy
capitalist. You never lose sight of the pecu-
liar interests of capital; and tile theory upon
which, the Uepnhlicw patty seek to control
the destinies of this Republic is in fact the
supremacy of capital ; and t.l)at party now
seeks, as it has from the beginning, to make
that interest paramount to the interest of
labor. That labor, which upholds the whole
■fabric, Government and debt, must dig the
soil and toil in the workshop, but it,s privations
and sufferings excite 110 compassion. The
overgrown power of this parly, conscious of its
strength and deluding to its purposes even the
honest patriotism of the people, bends its
energies to the interest of capital alone. In
the same line of policy, following the same
mode of reasoning, that party established the
national-banking system.
And, sir, while three months ago there was
reason to indulge the hope that the common
demand of the people would speedily result in
the removal of that feature of financial policy,
to-day the power of this national-bank system
is clearly seen. I believe that this Congress
will go on, not simply through its present ses-
sion, but the next, and this measure of oppres-
sion, this great financial and political power, I
will remain unshorn of its strength. Under i
this system an organization, with a meie
handful of capitalists, obtain the benefit of i
SoOO,000,000 of money, the interest on this vast \
sum and the benefit, of the political power which
it commands. Yet the condition of the coun-
try and of our public affairs was such that
without any embarrassment, and in perfect
haripony with our financial system, the people j
might have had the benefit of this enormous \
amount of circulation in the form of legal- :
tender notes. One of the elements of the
profits of this banking system is the inteiest 011 1
$300,000, OOOof currency furnished to the bunk?
by the Government, which, at, six per cent., only
seeuies them the annual stun of S18,000.0'!0.
At the. lowest rate of intei est. j-Jiti.OOO.OuU a
year as a bonus from the Government!—a sum
equal to one fourth part of the entire appro-
priations made to carry on this Government,in
the last year of a Democratic administration.
And yet, gentlemen say that this party is not
in the interest of capital. . The enormous
profit resulting from this vast volume of cur-
rency should inure to the benefit, of the^whole
people. What.right has a few bondhoidersitol
this enormous profit at .tbeexpenseof the peo-'
pie? • The system should be abolished and
$300,000,000 of the money of the people sub-
stituted for the curre'iiey of the banks, and thus-
paying off $300,000,000 of your gold-bearing
bonds, saving-518,000,000-per annum in gold.
When the people shall have an opportunity to-
speak, wheu (the issue shall be fairly presented,
the wrong "and injustice involved in this, entire
system of policy will be remedied ; the people
will demand the abolition of the national banks
aud the substitution of the lawful money of the
country for the circulation of the banks, so
that the people themselves may have the ben-
efit of the enormous profit xe,-,ukiiig from the
system of paper money. To doubt this, sir,
would-be to underrate the intelligence of the
people and their appreciation of their own
rights.
But the party that has built up this policy
will stand by their offspring. They will rely
on their enormous financial power and their
political influence upon the affairs of the coun-
try. That great statesman, Andrew Jackson,
trembled for the political rights of the people
of this nation when it was proposed to organize
a national bankingsystom with $50,000,0.00 of
capital. But now labor is obliged to resist a
system in which $600,000,000 of capital are
concentrated in a common interest for a com-
mon end, the interest of capital. These banks
are vigilant in evading taxation In the State
which I in part represent the poorest citizen
who is subject to a tax pays a larger amount
of tax to the town or city in which he lives
than the overshadowing national bank organ-
ized in the same community. In Indiana these
banks are totally exempt fr municipal taxes.
Taking the country throughout, the taxation
borne by the national banks is nothing com-
pared with the benefits of the capital which they
enjoy. 'They pay but the pitiful sum of one per-
cent. per annum as a tax on their $300,000,000
of circulation and nothing on their $300,000,000
of bonds ; and they loan out to the laboring
men aud smaller capitalists of the country at
twelve and fifteen per cent, per annum the
money furnished them by the Government, on
which they pay but one per cent. This is but a
specimen ot the unconscionable profits realized
under this system since its first organization.
As a result of all this, these national banks,
after declaring annual dividends of from ten
to twenty per cent., lia-ve actually,- in .throe
yeats added more than sixty-five million dol-
lars to their capital. See, bow euiefuily the
ltepubiicun party has nuituied these objects
of their munificence. Three hundred millions
111 bonds, 011 which they receive their six per
cent, interest in gold, wholly exempt t\om tax-
ation ; ,-p3t)0,OOD,OiX) in national bank cur-
rency, which is printed and iuriiished to them
by the Government for one percent per an-
num; and the shares, at leaa in Indiana, wholly
exempt by a Kepnbliean I.e^iuUilure from ail
municipal taxation. No wo-iuer they have
accumulated in three years ?v>"),0->0.00d of a
surplus fund, e\ery dollar of which is wrung
from overtaxed labor.
'The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Lou.ts]
t some days since proposed that a tux of two
j per cent, for national purposes should be im-
j posed on the national bonus. Under the acts
of Congress and the deei^.ons of the Supreme
i Court or the United States the States ha'.e no
, power to tax the securities ofihu Government.
But the proposition of the g.-uUeinr.ii li-uni
' Illinois i> one clearly a i iii.-s.iole. Nothing
can be cicarer than that the very ptvpoMtiou
which denies the power of State aud utaiii-
: cipal bodies to impose a tax ou such securi-
