1760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
was -read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
RETltENCUSIJCNT.
Mr. VAN WYCK introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 894) to reduce the expenses of the Gov-
ernment; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the joint select Committee
on Retrenchment.
duties on goat skins, etc.
Mr. MYERS introduced a bill (II. R. No.
895) to repeal all duties on imported goat skins
and Sicily sumac; which was read a first and
second time, and, with an accompanying peti-
tion signed by all the morocco manufacturers
of Philadelphia, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
contracts and payments.
Mr. BALDWIN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
896) coneerningcotttraets and payments; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Banking and Currency.
bureau of mining.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have been requested to
introduce, and ask to have referred, a bill in
relation" to a bureau of mining. 1 do so in
accordance with that request, not that I am in
favor of it.
Accordingly, the bill (H. R. No. 903) author-
izing the establishment of a bureau for mining
the precious metals and providing for its inau-
guration and support was introduced, read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Mines and Mining.
personal explanation.
Mr. PILE. I desire to say that for ten days
past I have been detained by illness from my
seat here. Had I been present at the time the
vote was taken upon the specific articles of
impeachment I would have voted "ay" upon
all of them but the two last adopted.
government of texas.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the calling of States and Territories for res-
olutions, commencing with the State of Mis-
souri, where the call rested at the expiration
of the morning hour on Tuesday last, at which
time the House was engaged in the considera-
tion of a resolution submitted by the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. Loan.]
The resolution was read, as follows :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Jud iciiiry bo
instructed to inquire into and to report, without un-
necessary delay, the law and facts involved in the
lollowing propositions:
1. Whether the Stato government of the State of
Texas existing in 18(50 yet exists; and, if not, at what
tune it ceased to exist, and what government, power,
or authority succeeded to the political and other
rights ol said State government.
2. Whether the rebel government that existed in
Texas for several years during the late rebellion suc-
ceeded to any ol'the rights, political or others, of the
former government ot that State; and, il'.-o, to what
rights did the rebel dcfactogovernmentsucceed; aie
any of the acts done or any laws enacted by its au-
thority valid; for instance, aremarriagessolemni'/.ed
under and by virtuo of laws of, or authority derived
from, said rebel government valid, and the issue of
such marriages legitimate.
3. Was the rebel government existing In Texas dur-
ing thelatcrebelUona^e/aciogovernmcnt sufficiently
established so as to acquiro, under thelaw of nations
or otherwise, the right to the land and other prop-
erty owned by the State of Texas prior to the rebel-
lion; and, if not, what government, State, or power
now owns the land and other property which be-
longed to the State of Texas at the time of the com-
mencement of the rebellion; if thadejacto rebel gov-
ernment succeeded as such to all the rights ol the
State of Texas existing at the time of the rebellion:
what rights if any, accrued to the Federal Govern-
ment as conquerors of the rebel de facto government;
has the Federal Government, by eonquest or other-
wise, since the time of the commencement of the re-
bellion, acquired any title to the 1 and and other prop-
erty which belonged to the State of Texas at that
time; can the United States, as sovereign under the
laws of war, acquiro by conquest and succeed to the
rights of property of a State of the Union by the sup-
pression of a rebellion in such State such as was that
of Texas in the late war.
The question was upon adopting the resolu-
tion.
Mr. LOAN obtained the floor.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If this resolution gives
rise to debate will it go over ?
The SPEAKER. It will not. It has already
laid over more than one day.
Mr. LOAN Mr. Speaker, it has been said
that the prudent mariner who has been driven
from his course by tempests should avail him-
self of the first parting of the clouds to take the
necessary observations to ascertain his latitude
and longitude, so as to enable him to direct his
course for the port of destination. So it may
perhaps be well for us to take an observation
and ascertain where the storms and tempests
of the last four years of civil war have drifted
the ship of state, and to examine the craft itself
and learn its condition and what repairs are
necessary for its safety. It is by no means
certain but that a thorough comprehension of
these facts at the close ot the active hostilities
might not have prevented many serious mis-
takes from being made,, and have long since
secured the restoration of the Union upon a
basis of loyalty, liberty, and justice. Though
so long delayed the still unsettled condition of
the Union, and the uncertain position that the
late rebel States bear to the Union will yet
justify us in ascertaining the effect the late
civil war had upon the status of the States
engaged in rebellion, and the relation that they
and their citizens bear to the Federal Govern-
ment. These facts being once ascertained and
established, it is believed that reconstruction
and restoration will be easy and certain ; that
the causes that rendered a civil war possible in
our form of government will become apparent,
and the remedy suggested at once to avoid
everything of the kind in the future. Owing
to the peculiarity of our dual form of govern-
ment the history of other nations furnish no
examples to us, and it is only by analogy that
conclusions in relation to these questions can
be arrived at; and there being no authoritative
restriction on the modes of reasoning the con-
sequence is that opinions range as widely as
do those of theologians on questions of reli-
gion, from the doctrine of total depravity to
universal salvation, from State annihilation to
State im mortality.
Just alter the suppression of the armed force
of the rebellion the President, in his procla-
mation for organizing a Government in North
Carolina, declared in that proclamation that
the war had destroyed all civil government in
that State, and then proceeded to provide for
the organization of a civil government in that
State by an executive oider to prescribe the
qualification of voters, and in many particulars
the form and features the new government
should assume.
Later in the year, in his first annual message
to the Thirty-Ninth Congress, he repudiates
this idea and advances a new one, to the effect
that the States engaged in rebellion remained
as States in the Union, but with their powers
in abeyance and with their functions suspended
by reason of the rebel force which controlled
tliem for the lime being. But as soon as this
rebel force should be removed by the Federal
authority these States would immediately re-
sume their power,s'and their functions would be
restored ; an inconsistency utterly irreconcil-
able with an intelligent comprehension of the
condition of those States and an honest purpose
to deal justly by them.
In the two Houses of Congress we have
heard nearly as many opinions expressed in
relation to the condition of these Slates as we
have heard speeches made on the questions
involved. From the beginning of the rebel-
lion the whole matter involved has seemed to
be beyond the comprehension of those who
had to deal with it. If the rebellion had not
at an early day assumed such proportions as
to establish the rebel government as a de facto
power, it is difficult to understand why a block-
ade of the ports in the rebel States was de-
clared. Nations at war blockade the ports of
the enemy, they never blockade their own. If
these ports were under Federal jurisdiction and
control it would have been much more effective
to have closed them as ports of entry by an act
of Congress.
Later, the Supreme Court, in the cases com-
monly known as the prize eases, decided that
persons residing within the limits of rebel ter-
ritory were constructively alien enemies with-
out regard to their real sentiments, and that
their property when captured upon the sea was
lawful prize—the theory being that war existed
between the two countries.
And I would be glad to know on what theory
and by what authority West Virginia was carved
out of the State of Virginia and organized into
a new State. Was it because Virginia had
ceased to exist as a State in the Union and was
not within the protection of the Constitution,
which prohibits the erection of one State within
the jurisdiction of another State without the
consent of the Legislature of such State, or
will it be pretended that such consent was
given by the Peirpoint government? If so, why
have we excluded that State from representa-
tion in Congress? The Peirpoint government
has continued in existence ever since, .and if it
possessed sufficient authority to lawfully con-
sent to a division of the State it was such as to
entitle the State to representation here.
And if the governments existing in those
States at the time of the passage of the recon-
struction act of March 2, 18G7, were not legal
and afforded no adequate protection for life or
property, I would be glad to know by what
authority they were permitted to exist, and to
exercise dangerous and unwarranted powers
over the lives, liberties, and property of loyal
citizens within their respective jurisdictions.
There are many other matters connected
with this subject that might be the subject of
useful inquiry. But perhaps enough has been
said to serve as suggestions in the proper di-
rection. In the resolution, the inquiries are
directed to be made in relation to the State of
Texas, because all the facts relating to other
States also apply to Texas, and in addition
there are some inquiries specially relating to
Texas that do not apply to all the other States.
For instance, Texas at the time of annexation
to the United States reserved the title to all
her public domain, and it is an important ques-
tion to ascertain who is now the legal owner
of that vast domain.
If the Texas that existed prior to the rebel-
lion still exists as a State then she is stillunder
the protection of the Constitution, and we are
guilty of a great wrong in refusing her repre-
sentation here. But if, on entering the portals
of rebellion, she ceased to exist as a State of
this Union and passed beyond the protection
of the Constitution, the title to .her domain
passed from her either to the power that suc-
ceeded dr to the Federal Government, to which
she owed allegiance. If the Federal Govern-
ment has succeeded to and owns the public
domain that belonged to Texas prior to the
rebellion, that fact should be at the earliest
moment ascertained and officially established
and declared.
And especially important is it that this should
be done, as the territory included in the former
State of Texas is sufficient for some three or
four additional States, and provision should be
made for restricting Texas within proper limits
before that State is reconstructed or restored
to the Union.
I hope that the resolution will be adopted,
and that the Committee on the Judiciary will,
at an early day, furnish us with a report which
will clearly settle the relations of these States
to the Union, and the rights of the citizens
therein and their relations to the Federal Gov-
ernment. I now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
qualification of electobs.
Mr. NEWCOMB submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary; '
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be,
and is hereby, instructed to report to this House such
an amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, to be submitted to the several States for their
ratification, as shall settle the qualifications ot doct-
ors impartially and uniformly in all the States of
1 this Union.
