1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2785
I have read on. that subject is conclusive. But
I maintain, Mr. Speaker, as a question of law,
that the notice which was giveil in this case is
sufficient on principle and on authority to
authorize the Committee of Elections, as
they did, to proceed to inquire whether the
votes east for the sitting member were legal
or otherwise. I have already read to the
House two of the specifications in the no-
tice of contest, and I have road the objec-
tion which has been taken by the Committee
of Elections to that notice. The Committee
of Elections do not state their objection to the
notice in the precise words which the .sitting
member does in his answer. The objection
mads in the answer of the sitting member to
the notice of contest served on liim is stated
in these words :
" It entirely fails to show, or specify why, or for
what reasons the persons therein rcicrred to were not
legally entitled to vote at said election."
If this objection is well taken, and has not
been waived, then all evidence that voters not
legally entitled to vote did nevertheless vote
for the sitting member must be excluded. But
if not well taken, or if waived, then this pre-
liminary objection on this point must be dis-
regarded.
1 may remark that this seems like an effort
to evade the real merits of this controversy.
The minority of the committee, in the views
they have presented, have stated what is re-
quired under the laws of Ohio to constitute a
legal voter and they are given in these words:
To be a lesa.1 voter in Ohio six qualifications are
nnees^ary, to wit:
1. To be a male citizen of the United States.
2. To be a white male citizen of the United States.
o. To be twenty-one years of age.
4. To be a resident of the State one year immedi-
ately preceding the election. (.Art. V constitution
of Ohio.)
5. Tn bo a resident of the county thirty days next
piecedm^ the election.
C. To be a resident of the township or ward twenty
days ne^-t preceding the election. (.Swan and Criteh.,
Stat., vol. 1. p. <343.)
There are also six disqualifications, and any citizen
who has any one disqualification is an illegal voter:
2 lariii'y } r constitution of Ohio.)
3! Conviction and sentence to the penitentiary
under the act defining crimes and misdenioanors of
the lirst class. tlSwan and Oriich., 417.)
4. For conviction and sentence of bribery at an
election. (1 Swan and Criteh., 545 and 547.)
5. For conviction and sentence tinder the act to
preserve the purity of elections, passed March 20,
1811. U Swan and Oiitch., 543.)
0. Desertion as defined by act of Oongrc-s of Varcu
3,1S55. S. Stat, at Large, vol. 13, p. 487.)
Now, when this notice declares as it does,
that Clio persons not legally entitled to vote
were improperly and illegally allowed to vote,
that in legal effect, is equivalent to saying to
the sitting member that 025 persons were per-
mitted to vote who belonged either to the class
of non-residents, aliens, deserters, minors,
idiots, or some one of the specified persons
not emitied to vote by the laws of Ohio. \\ hat
is the difference between a notice declaring
that persons voted who were "_not legally
entitled to vote,'' and a notice which goes on
to say that persons voted who were not legally
entitled to vote, for that they were minors,
aliens, idiots, deserters, &c. AYhy, sir, a
notice is just as definite and just as well under-
stood in this general form as it would be if it
went on to specify the particulars in which the
voters who did vote were illegal voters. It is
a rule of law that every citizen is bound to
know the law. The sitting member did know
the law. The minority of the committee in
the views they have presented have stated
what it takes to constitute a legal voter. This
notice is just as intelligible as though it had gone
on to enumerate every description of illegal
■votes given at the election. The law of Ohio
known to the contestee supplies the particu-
lar description of persons covered by the gen-
eral terms illegal voters.
Mr. KElUi. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question. I understand him to be a lawyer,
and a distinguished member of the profession.
] u-.lv him whether he does not believe that the
allegation that 025 .illegal voters were allowed
to vote is simply equivalent to stating a legal
4Utii Coxa. 2d Bess.—No. 115.
conclusion which must, in order to have any
existence at all, rest upon some antecedent
facts?
Mr. _ LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Certainly ;
there-is no doubt about that.
Mr. KERR. Then I desire to ask him
whether it is not necessary, in order to comply
with the law of Congress, that the particular
grounds should be stated, to state those facts
upon which the conclusion rests?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I say that there
is no law of Congress which requires the notice
to state facts only, but that where a fact is
sufficiently stated by stating a legal conclusion,
if it gives adequate -notice to the person whose
seat is contested, it is sufficient..
Mr. KERR. Once more. 1 desire to inquire
whether it is ever correct pleading to give the
mere legal conclusion, not the fact. Must not
the fact bo stated with the conclusion?
Mr. LA WREN CE, of Ohio. The gentleman
inquires whether it is ever competent in plead-
ing to slate a fact by stating a legal conclusion.
The act of Congress does not adopt a rule of
pleading, but is simply declaratory of the com-
mon parliamentary law of notice. But even
in pleading in the judicial courts there are
manj' facts consisting of mixed conclusions of
law and fact which may be pleaded. This is
abundantly proved by reference to the books
on pleading. Evan in pleading in courts, where
a greater degree of strictness is required than
here, a loss degree of certainty is required—
"When it is to be piesumed that the party plead-
ing is not acquainted with nnnnte circumstances."—
o Sharswoo'l's note2lJf citing 13 Kast.,
112; Coin. Dig. ]Jtcwler, e. 20, S Dast. 85.
So—
"Where a subject comprehends multiplicity of
matter, there, in older to avoid prohxiiv, general
pleading is allowed.'1—3 Shai^ wood's
Note citing 2 Saunders, 411, XoLo 4; 8 Term LI. 462.
I say to the gentleman that the act of Con-
gress which makes a notice of contest neces-
sary does not proscribe a "rule of pleading,"
but it does prescribe a rule as ''to the law of
notice," and every lawyer understands very
well the law of notice is one thing and the
rules of pleading are totally different things.
Mr. KERR, is not the notice in this case
a pleading?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The notice is
not declared by the act of Congress to be a
pleading, nor is there any pleading required.
Notice is required, and the law of notice
should be brought to our aid, and not the law
of pleadings.
What is the law of notice? The gentleman
from Indiana knows as a lawyer that all that
has ever been required under the law of notice
: < that the notice, whatever it may be, shall bo
fttieh as reasonably to put the opposite party
on his guard and inform him of the purpose
for which the notice is intended. I need not
refer to books to prove this to learned lawyers
here.
The great inquiry in all such cases must be,
does the notice fairly apprise the contestee " of
the grounds'' of contest, or, as the statute says,
'"specify particularly the grounds ?''
Now,"it is well understood that the same
strict rules do not prevail here as in the judi-
cial cou'-N. Technical precision is notallowed,
at least m be perverted so as to defeat the ends
of justice.
"When, therefore, the notice of contest said
to the contestee that—
" Six hundied and twenty-five persons notlosally
entitled to rote wno illegally allowed to vote ''
it was equivalent to saying to him that
" Six hundred and twenty-live persons disqualified
from voting [by laws which you know and under-
stand! were permitted to vote for you."
I am not, therefore, called on even to resort
to that other maxim of the law, " id ccrfiini
est quoil cerium redd) potest.'' By the aid of
this rule, applicable to this case, the notice is
sufficiently specific. When it says that "six
hundred and twenty-five persons not legally
entitled to vote did vote,'1 it is equivalent to
saying "that aliens, minors, non-residcuts,
idiots, &c., voted.'
had averred that—
Suppose that the notice
Six hundred and twenty-five persons voted, one
hundred of whom were aliens, one hundred minors,
one hundred non-residents," &o.,
that would have been all that the contestee now
insists upon. But that gives him no informa-
tion not covered by the general designation of
"persons not legally entitled to vote."
Jt is a rule that generals include particulars,
and the expression "persons not legally enti-
tled to vote" designates a class of persons
comprehending every particular disqualifica-
tion. It is assumed that the notice of contest,
in averring that persons voted wdio "were not
legally entitled to vote," states a conclusion
of law. The act of Congress does not prohibit
this. It requires the contestant "to specify
particularly the grounds of contest." If the
statement of a legal conclusion does this intel-
ligibly it gives the grounds.
Mr. Speaker, if the rule contended for by
the gentleman from Indiana were adopted
it would be impossible ever to make a contest
available. It is often impossible at the close
of an eleelion, within the time limited for giv-
ing the notice, to specify the precise grounds
of objection to the voters who may have given
illegal votes.
"Why, sir, this congressional district consists
of more than a hundred townships, some of
them remote from the residence of the parties
to this contest, perhaps filty or one hundred
miles. Some of our districts, at all events,
will have townships one hundred miles from
the residences of the candidates. It is not
possible to obtain the particular grounds of
objection to voters who give illegal votes in all
the townships within the time allowed for the
notice. And if you adopt the rule that the
precise grounds must be specified, without
being able to say in general terms that votes
unauthorized by law weie given, you adopt a
rule which is utteily impracticable, and which
would render a contest in nine cases out of
ten utterly unavailable and of no value.
; It is impossible in a notice to be more spe-
cific. A party may be advised generally that
1 in a remote township there was illegal voting.
| It may be impossible in a disti ict with a hundred
| townships, or often more, covering, asin Kansas,
! a whole Stale, to ascertain the particular class
of illegal voting, and all that can truthfully be
j done is to give the notice in general terms.
| A rule which would drive contestants to par-
' ticularize would exact a notice at random.
But, Mr. Speaker, I do not rest the suffi-
ciency of this notice of contest upon argu-
ments drawn from analogy from legal prin-
ciples, but I rest it upon authority. I say that
this notice is in the form that is usually
adopted.
It is substantially that of Washburn vs.
Yoorhees. (II. Mis. Doc. No. 11, lirst session
Thirty-Ninth Congress.)
The first two specifications in the notice of
contest which I have been considering are
copied verbatim et literatim from the Voorhees
case. It is not veiy probable that any real
objection escapcd the vigilance of a gentleman
so able as Mr. Yoorhees.
In the case of "Wright rs. Fuller (2 Contested
Elections, p. 134) the notice of contest charged
that votes were given by minors, non-residents,
aliens, &c., at the Danville poll. But the
notice simply averred as to oilier polls that
persons were allowed to vote "who were not
entitled respectively to vote." Thus, the
fourth specification is:
"That per-'oos were permitted and allowed to vote
at the eleclo.n rolls in IV:.-'.n (.md other places
named) who were not entitled rexyictivclit to vote at
such election polU."
Obji'cuou was tuken tliut the notice was not
srJlicienily specific. The committee in their
I report say:
, " The intention? of the law requiring this notice to
. be was to prevent anv ^nrpi'iie being pyicticcd
i to put the pitting member upon a proper uetense.
As no surprise has been alleged, no want ol duo
; information protested, the committee could but eon-
1 elude t,h:i,r the notice within the purview of tho la\r
j was all-sufficient.''
