1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pay of j. h. bi11cu, contestant.
Mr. McCORMICK submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, That thero bo paid to James II. Birch,
of the State of Missouri, out of tlio contingent fund
of the House, 82,500, in fail for timo spent and ex-
penses incurred in prosecuting his claim to a seat in
this House.
Mr. GRAVELY. I have no objection to
the consideration of this resolution; but when-
ever it may be considered I desire to make
some remarks upon it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Gravely] rises to debate the reso-
lution, and it goes over under the rules.
municipal officers in rebel states.
Mr. COOK submitted the following resolu-
lution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the General of the Army be directed
to communicate to this House copies of all corre-
spondence in his office in relation to the removal of
the citycounoil of New Orleans, and copies ot all
correspondence not heretofore furnished in relation
to the city council of Jefferson City, Louisiana.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
annexation of territory.
Mr. BROMWELL submitted the following
resolutions, on which he demanded the pre-
vious question:
Resolved, That the power to consummate the an-
nexation of foreign territory to the United States
belongs to the law-making power, and that this
House never has surrendered and never will sur-
render the people's right which it holds in trust for
them, to oxercise proper discretion in granting or
■withholding appropriations of public money for car-
rying out treaties annexing territory.
Resolved, That if the treaty-making power can
lawfully annex foreign territory to the United States,
and incorporate the inhabitants as part of the com-
munity of this Republic, and the President and Cab-
inet ca.n organize State governments in such an-
nexed territory, and bring their Representatives to
the door of Congress, this House may come to repre-
sent all other countries more than this, and so he-
come too miscellaneous to "hang on tho verge of
the Government."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that these reso-
lutions be laid on the table ; and on that mo-
tion I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. ELIOT. M,r. Speaker, if-the motion to
lay on the table should be negatived, would it
not be in order to move that the resolutions be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs?
The SPEAKER. It would be.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If tlie gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] desires to move
the reference of the resolutions, I will with-
draw my motion to lay on the table.
Mr. ELIOT, i move, then, that the reso-
lutions be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. This
game question is already before the Committee
on the Judiciary, and I suppose this resolution
might as well go to the same committee.
Mr. ELIOT. Very well. I modify my
motion, and move to refer the resolutions^ to
the Committee on the Judiciary, on which
motion I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolutions were referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolutions were referred ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
rights of naturalized citizens.
Mr. JUDD submitted the following resolu-
tion, on which he demanded the previous ques-
tion:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be, and he
hereby is, directed to furnish this House with copies
of all correspondence, negotiations, and treaties had
or made with any of the German States since the
1st day of January last relating to the rights of
naturalized citizens.
Mr. CHANLER. I would suggest to the
gentleman that this matter is already before
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 111.
Mr. JUDD. I will say to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Chakler,] that this
matter is not, as 1 understand, before the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs. This resolution is
a simple inquiry for information in relation to
facts that have occurred since the committee
has taken action on the subject. I refer aim-
ply to the reported negotiation of a treaty with
Prussia. I desire that this information may
be obtained and referred to the committee.
Mr. CHANLBR. Of course I do not raise
any objection; but there is such a resolution
before the committee. I offered it myself.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope this resolution will
be adopted.
The previous question was seconded and tho
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
witiidbawal of interest-be a ring bonds.
Mr. BURR submitted the following resolu-
tion, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That sound financial policy requires tho
gradual withdrawal of interest-bearing bonds by our
Government, and the substitution therefor of United
States notes, popularly known as greenbacks.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the resolu-
tion be laid on the table.
Mr. BURR. On that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope that the motion
to lay on the table will be withdrawn or voted
down, and that the resolution will be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. The question is not de-
batable.
The question was taken on the motion of
Mr. Spalding; and it was decided in the neg-
ative—yeas £>G, nays 65, not voting G8; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, James M. Ashley,
Beaman, Blaine, Blair, Chanler. Churchill, Dawes,
Dixon, Driggs, Hckley, Eliot, Karnsworth, L'iekls,
Garfield, Griswold, Higbv, Hooper. Hopkins. Chester
D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Jenckes, Johnson,
Kelley, Kolscy, Laflin, Lincoln, Lynch, .Marvin, Mc-
Carthy, Miller, Myers, O'Neill, Perllani, Peters, Pile,
Poland, Price, Robertson, Sawyer, Smith, Spalding,
Starkweather, Tuber, Thomas,Twichcll, Upson, Van
Aernam, Van Wyck, Waid, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Thomas Williams,
and Wood—06.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer, Axtell,
Baker, Barnes, Barautn, Beatty, Beck, Loyor, Brom-
well, Burr, Cake, Sidney Clarke, Coljb, Cook, Cul-
lom, Kggleston, lihlridge, i<'crriss, i'eiry, Uolladay,
Gravely, Giover, llaight, Harding, ii.iwkin.-, Uoi-
inan, Hotchkiss, In^ersoll, ,ludd, .Julian, Keir,
Knott, Koonlz, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Luan, Loughi-idge, Mallorv, Mar-hall, May-
nard, McCIuvk, MeCoimiek, Moruan, Mmiira, Mew-
colllb, Niblaek, Oith, Paine, Pike, PoMey, Ranin,
Ross, Sehenck, Scolield. Sitrieaves, S(onc, Talle,
Lawrence S. Tiimbie. Van Turnip, Welker, WH-
liam Williams, John T. Wilson, atil Woodward—!35.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Dclos R. Ash-
ley, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks, Benjamin, Benton,
Bingham, Boutwcll, Brooks, Broomall, Buckland,
Butler, Cary, Reader W. Clarke, Coburn, Cornell, Co-
vode, Dodge, Donnelly, Ela, Finney, h'ox, Gotz, Gloss-
brenner, Halsoy, Hill, Amabel W. Hubbard, Richard
D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Jones, Kotebam, Kitchcn,
Logan, McCullough, Mercur, Moore, Moorhead,
Morrcll, Momssey, Mullins, Nicholson, Nunn,
Phelps, Plants, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Randall, Robin-
son, Selye, Shanks, Shellabarger, Aaron i\ Stevens,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Taylor, John
Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Ehhu B. Washburne, Henry
D. Washburn, James F. Wilson, Stephen I'. Wilson.
Windom, and Woodbridgc—68.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
on the table.
The question then recurred on seconding the
previous question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
19, noes 81.
Mr. BURR demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the House refused to second tho demand
for the previous question.
Mr. ALLISON moved that the resolution
bo referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means; andalso moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to. •
The SPEAKER announced that the morning
hour had expired.
alabama.
Mr. BEAMAN. Mr. Speaker, I- am .ia-
structed by the Committee on Reconstruction
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That tho General commanding the armies
of the United States bo instructed to report to this
House the number of votes cast under tho reconstruc-
tion laws up to the present time for tho adoption of the
constitution of tho State of Alabama; and also the
number of votes cast under said laws up to the pres-
ent time against the adoption of said constitution.
There was no objection, and the resolution
was received and adopted.
Mr. BEAMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the" table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
business on the speaker's table.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the business on
tho Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
duncan l. clinch, deceased.
The first business on the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the House to Senate
bill No. 308, for the relief of the heirs of the
late General Duncan L. Clinch, deceased, dis-
agreed to by tho Senate.
Mr. llOLMAN. I move that the House
insist on its amendment to that bill, and ask
for a committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes between the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
the Speaker appointed Mr. Holman, Mr.
Bingham, and Mr. Washburn, of Massachu-
setts, as managers of said conference on the
part of the House.
captured and abandoned pitophrty.
The next business on tho Speaker's table
was tlie following amendment of the Senate
to House joint resolution No. 19, direetingthat
certain moneys now in the hands of the Uni-
ted States Treasurer, as special agent of the
Treasury Department, be covered by warrant
into the United States Treasury:
Strike out all after tho enacting clause and in lieu
theicoi insert the following:
That all moneys which have been receivod by any
officer or employe ot tjicGos eminent, or any Depart-
ment thereof, inim salin oi captured and abandoned
property in the late insurrectionary districts, or under
color ot the several acts ot Congress providing for
the collection and sale of such property, and which
have not already been actually covered into tho
Treasury, shall be immediately paid into thcTreasury
of the United States, together with any interest which
has been received or accrued thereon.
SfiC. 2. And be it further resolved. That if any officer
or person having the custody, possession, orcontrol of
any money derived or arising from tho sale or other
disposition of any such property mentioned in the
preceding resolution shall convert tile same to his
own use, or .-hall lefese or neglect for a space of
thirty cl,>ys m";t after the passage of this resolution
to pay the same into the Treasury of tho United
States, or fall ill in any way pay away or dispose of
tho same otheivrisothan by paying the same into the
Treasury as aforesaid, shall be deemed and hold
guilty of embezzling the public money of the United
btatcs, and shall be punished therefor by imprison-
ment for at'Jim ot notmoie than ton years, and shall
pay a fine etiual to the sum so embezzled.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, That a sum of the
proceeds of such sales, not exceeding $100,000, is
hereby appropriated ior the payment of the neces-
sary expenses incurred by or under the authority of
the Secretary ol tho Tiousury, ior incidental ex-
pensesm acting under the laws respecting the collec-
tion and disposition of captured and abandoned
property, and lor the necessary expenses of defend-
ing,* in the discretion of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, such suits as have been brought against him or
his agents in t>he pi-omises.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
that the House concur in that amendment of the
Senate with an amendment which I will pro-
pose.
Mr. BLAINE. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin has the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Mr.
