1808.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to a citizen eight hundred thousand acres of the
nnest agricultural lauds the sun ever shone
upon: and now the -Senate has under consider-
ation another treaty by which it is proposed to
give to a railroad company, said to be insolv-
ent nearly nine million acres more of similar
lands, all situate in the flourishing State of
Kansas—in the very heart of the Republic.
W by the necessity of buying lands in the frozen
regions of Alaska when we are almost daily
giving away the best lands of the world? Let
him answer who can.
But, as I said before, the purchase-money
for Alaska is the smallest consideration con-
nected with its purchase. If the purchase is
consummated we must provide laws for its
government; we will have to have a Governor
and secretary, and other territorial officers; a
territorial Legislature and judges of courts;
a member in Congress, with his mileage, to
look after the interest of the Territory; and we
must have a coast survey and a geological sur-
vey and a mineralogical survey ; we must have
forts erected and soldiers sent there to guard
our possessions; and we will require naval
stations 011 that coast and harbors for our fish-
ing fleet. The sum total of all of which will
at first require us to draw from the pockets of
onr over-taxed constituents not more than
twenty-five or fifty million dollars per annum.
But when we have been there long enough to
provoke a war with the Indians—and I see by
the papers that it is said they are already
showing signs of hostility—and our present
managers of Indian wars on the plains have
finished the business there, and have trans-
ferred themselves with their experience to those
distant and new fields of operation, it is not
unreasonable to suppose that they can very
readily swell the costs of our possessions in
Alaska to more than one hundred million dol-
lars per annum.
And for what are we asked to incur this
enormous annual expense? Not for any mate-
rial benefit of our people—not for one dollar's
return to the Treasury. One of our mostemi-
nent statesmen, and one of the most eloquent
advocates of this purchase who has yet spoken
in its favor, in a closely-printed double-column
pamphlet of forty-eight pages, sums up as the
strongest reasons for this purpose the follow-
in<r:
" An object of immediate practical interest, will be
the survey of the extended and indented coast by
our own officers, bringing it all within the domain of
science and iibsurin? to navigation much-needed
assistance, while the Republic is honored by a eon-
•ciuiiiiUon of national charts, whore execution vies
wuh feck'uce, and the ait of engraving is the beauti-
ful handtn;tiu- Associated with this survey, and
seaieely interior in value, will be the examination
ox tue country by seientilic explorers, so that its
geological structure may bccome known with its
various products, vegetable and mineral. But your
best work and most important endowment will bo
the republican government, which, looking to a
long future you will organize, with schools free to
ail and with equal laws, before which every citizen
will stand erect in the consciousness of manhood,
liere will be a motive power, without which coal
itself wit! be insufficient. Here will bea source of
wealth more inexhaustible than any fisheries. Be-
stow such a government, and you will bestow what
is better than an you can receive, whether quintals
or fish, samis of gold, choicest fur, or most beautiful
ivory.
Observe what our country is to gain by the
acquisition of this territory. The privilege of
making a "survey of the extended and indented
coast by our own officers, bringing it all within
the domain of science and assuring to naviga-
tion much needed assistance." Who wishes
to navigate those inhospitable regions?
"While the Republic is honored"—mark the
words—is honored at a cost of at least $100,-
000,000 per annum "by a continuation of
national charts, where execution vies with
science and the art of engraving is the beauti-
ful handmaid and then we*will aiso acquire
the right to make an "examination of the
country by scientific explorers, so that its geo-
logical structure may become known with its
various products, vegetable and mineral."
Why not wait to make such examinations
until something is known of these matters in
Colorado, New Meiico, Arizona, Nevada,
40th Cono. 2r> Sess.—No. 239.
Idaho, Montana, and Dakota. There within
our own territory are ample fields for our ex-
plorers for the next one thousand years. But
a stronger reason advanced by this advocate of
Alaska is the u republican government, which,
looking to a long future, will be organized"
there, "with schools free to all." Would it not
be just as well to wait for the establishment of
free schools in Alaska for the Aleutes and
Esquimaux until we have provided such in-
stitutions at home for the benefit of the chil-
dren of the Republic? There is at present no
necessity for us to purchase at great expense
the frozen regions of Alaska for the humane
purpose of establishing free schools there.
Ample opportunity for our benevolence in that
direction sufficient to exhaust our present abil-
ity meets us at every step.
[Here the hammer fell.]
enrolled bills signed,
Here the committee rose informally, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
and joint resolutions of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act(H. R. No. 366) to incorporate the
National Hotel Company of Washington city;
An act (H. R. No. 869) prescribing ail oath
of office to _ be taken by persons from whom
legal disabilities shall have heen removed;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 824) to exlend
the time for the completion of the West Wis-
consin railroad; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 154) in relation
to the settlement of the accounts of certain
officers and agents who have disbursed public
money under the direction of the chief of en-
gineers.
message from the president.
A message in writing from the President, of
the United States was presented by his Private
Secretary, Mr. W. G. Moore, who also an-
nounced that the_ President had approved and
signed bills and joint resolutions of the follow-
ing titles:
On July 3, 1868,
An act (H. R. No. 347) for holding terms
of the district court of the United States for
the southern district of Illinois at the city of
Cairo in said State ;
Joint resolution (II. II. No. 312) relative to
the pay of the Assistant Librarian of the
House;
An act (Ii. R. No. 411) for the relief of
Almira Wyeth ;
An act (II. R. No. 523) granting a pension
to James S. Todd;
An act (H. R. No. 671) granting a pension
to the widow of Henry Kaneday;
An act (H. II. No. 775) granting a pension
to Rebecca Jane Kinsel;
An act (H. R. No. 780) for the relief of
Martha M. Jones, administratrix of Samuel T.
Jones;
An act (H. R. No. 1129) for the relief of the
widow and children of Colonel James A. Mul-
ligan, deceased; and
An act (H. R. No. 236) granting a pension
to John Q. A. Keck, late a private in the third
Missouri cavalry.
On July 6, 1868,
An act (H. R. No. 1027) to authorize the
construction of a bridge over the Black river
in Lorain county, Ohio ; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 218) to correct
an act entitled "An act for the relief of certain
exporters of rum."
On July 7, 1808,
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 321) in relation
to the erection of a bridge in Boston harbor;
Ati act (H. R. No. 503) for the relief of
William B. Todd;
An act (H. R. No. 502) to incorporate the '
congregation of the First Presbyterian Church
of Washington ; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 96) for the relief
of John Sedgwick, collector of internal rev-
enue, third district, California.
EVENING SESSION DISPENSED WITH.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed
that there is no member who desires to speak
at the night session this evening, but, if the
session can be extended until half-past five
o'clock, probably all those who desire to speak
to-day on this question can make their speeches
before that time. If there is no objection,
therefore, the order for a night session will be
dispensed with, and the committee will remain
in session until such time as they see fit to
rise. _ The Chair hears no objection, and the
evening session will be dispensed with.
purchase of alaska.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union then resumed its session.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Chairman, I had an
opportunity some months ago of giving to the
House and the country my views in regard to
the law which governs casesof this kind under
the Constitution of the United Slates. I agree
with the minority of the committee most fully
in their opinion that this House has a con-
stitutional right to judge in regard to the expe-
diency of any treaty which brings into action
any constitutional power that is devolved upon
Congress, as the power of appropriating money
is one confessedly.
I need say nothing further upon that branch
of the subject except to say that the resolu-
tion which I now read and a copy of which I
once introduced for the action of this House,
and which is now in fact in Committee of the
Whole for consideration, I should be glad to
see adopted here by this Congress;
That when a treaty stipulates regulations on any
subject submitted by tho Constitution to Congress,
it must depend for its execution as to such stipula-
tions) on a ia.w or laws to bo pa.-,,icd by Congress, and
that it is the constitutional riiht and duty of the
House ol hoprcsentatives in all such cases to delib-
erate on ttie expediency or inexpediency of carrying
such treaty into etloot, and to determine and aet
thereon as in their judgment in ay be must conducive
to the public good.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Will the
gentleman yield to me for a moment to ask
him a question?
Mr. SPALDING. No. sir; not for a mo-
ment. Now, sir, in the face of that admis-
sion, which 1 give to the gentleman to its fullest
extent, I say that I am prepared to vote for
the appropriation of $7,200,000 to pay for the
acquisition of the Russian empire in America.
I should be prepared to do so, sir, if this ques-
tion was now m its inception. If we were
just now negotiating a treaty of that sort, I
would be prepared to say that oven under all
the present embarrassments of our Treasury
I would vote the appropriation of $7,200,000
to acquire a property so valuable to our nation
as I believe Alaska to be.
Notwithstanding all the sneers that have been
cast on this country, I maintain that if that
property were now susceptible of being turned
into an article of merchandise, individuals
would take it off our hands and pay us two or
three million dollars for the bargain. I believe
that if the Government once paid for this coun-
try, and could give a lease of it for twenty-live
years to individuals to go and take from it the
profits that might be derived from its minerals,
from its forests, from its furs, and from its
fisheries, they would not only pay to us the
purchase-money and millions more, but would
pay us interest oil the purchase-money from
year to year. I have no question of that. But
I say again that, were the Russian possessions
in America made up of icebergs, and those
icebergs covered with walruses, I would still
give the purchase pricc of that country under
present circumstances; for I think I can show-
that the honor and dignity of this great nation
are now involved in carrying out this treaty by-
paying the purchase price.
Sir, last November the honorable member
from Wisconsin [Mr. Washisurx] introduced
into this House a resolution of warning to our
negotiators against making any more treaties
of acquisition which should call for appropria-
tions from the Treasury of the United States
in order to carry tiieui into effect, and hisreso-
