378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
should think so; and I would like now to
inquire of my friend from Maine, who is some-
what familiar with these transactions, whether
he has ever known an instance where any-
thing like such an amount of money as this,
$24,000,000, has been suffered to lie for months
and years—I do not know the exact length of
time, but for more than a year, at any rate—in
the hands of a Treasurer and not been brought
into the Treasuryof the United States as the ,
law required. He has said that collectors
collect money and deposit it in the deposit
banks. This, I take it, may be so, and doubt-
less is so, if he says so ; bat I presume that is
in the current way of business; large amounts
are not permitted to He in that way without
being turned over to the Treasury Depart-
ment for any considerable length of time.
Now, I should like to know of the Senator t
whether in his experience he has ever known
any such transaction as this, where such a sum
of money as $24,000,000 has been suffered to
lie out of the Treasury for more than a year.
Sir. FESSENDEN. There are two answers
to that suggestion. In the first place, there has
never been a similar case. This case stands by
itself from the peculiar character of it. In the ,
next place, the Senator assumes that there has 1
been at one time $24,000,000 out of the Treas- ' j
ury. There has never been anything like it.
The report gives the whole amount, and shows
that there is only about five hundred thousand
dollars now which has not been paid into the
Treasury, and that the gross amount received
amounted in the whole to $34,000,000 and the
net amount to about twenty-four million dol-
lars. The Senator assumes that all that has
been kept out of the Treasury. It is not so.
Neither the whole sum nor any very large
amount of it has been kept out. What amount |
has been kept out I cannot tell. Of course this
transaction has been going on for a series of
years, and from time to time very large por-
tions of the whole sum and most of it has been
put into the Treasury, and put there within a
reasonable time. We cannot tell at what time
it was put in unless we get the exact accounts.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, sir, I should like
to know how and when this money got into the
Treasury. And I hope in the reply of the
Treasury Department, if the Secretary ever
makes it, to the resolution which I introduced,
and to which I before referred, we shall get that
fact, and know when this money was paid into
the Treasury.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You can get the de-
tails, undoubtedly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. ■ The Senator from Maine,
in his remarks in this connection, made some
allusion to the Court of Claims the other day.
He then said : '1
" Does my friend from Illinois know—I think he
has been informed—that there are claims to the
amount of about fifteen million dollars pending in
the Court of Claims for' property captured princi-
pally ? Who have we g<H there to defend those suits
for that vast amount of property ? We hare two or
three assistant solicitors, with the salary of about
two thousand five hundred dollars each, I believe.
There is no fund provided for collecting the testi-
mony from different parts of the country with refer-
ence to this class of,cases. There isin reality nothing
provided by Congress for the adequate and proper
defense of the interests of the United States in these
suits, involving so large an amount of money. What
was the Secretary of the Treasury to do under these
circumstances? He decided that before all this
monoy had been covored into the Treasury he would
take it into his own hands to see that that difficulty
wasremovedsofaras to furnish an adequate defense.
I believe there is no appeal from the decisions of tho
Court of Claims in those cases. There is no knowing
what the decigion may be. This is a matter that may
require some special legislation, and I would c;ill_tho
attention of my friend the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee to that particular subject."
Now, Mr. President, who constitute the Court
of Claims? Five judges, and I venture to say,
without detracting anything from the character
or the ability of the Secretary of the Treasury,
that either of those gentlemen is his equal every
way—in ability, talent, and integrity. Is not
a case as safe before those five judges as before
the one Secretary of the Treasury, overwhelmed
with business as he is? The Senator supposed
there were about fifteen million dollars of cot-
ton claims before that court. I have a state-
ment from the clerk of the court showing that
the whole amount of claims preferred- there on
account of captured and abandoned property is
$8,791,000—little more than half what the Sen- j
ator supposed it to be.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I spoke from a state 
ment made to me. I <}id not pretend to be
exactly accurate; I know nothing about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was only a mistake
of about one half.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Eight millions is a pretty
considerable sum. **
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is, but not quite as
much as $24,000,000—not quite as much as the
Secretary has assumed to exercise control over.
Now, sir, how is business done in the Court of
Claims ? In the first place, by the act of March
3, 1863, it is provided that—
" In order to authorize the said court to render a
Judgment in favor of any claimant, if a citizen of tho
United States, itshall be set forth in the petition that
the claimant, and the original and prior owner
thereof, where the claim has been assigned, has at
all times borne true allegiance to the Government of
the United States, and, whether a citizen or not, that
ho has not in any way voluntarily aidod, abetted, or
given encouragement to rebellion against the said
Government, which allegations may be traversed by
the Government, and if on the trial such issue shall
be decided against the claimant his petition shall be
dismissed."
'Under this law neither this Mr. Billups, who
has been referred to, nor Mr. Williams, his
assignee, could maintain a suit in the Court
of Claims. Why ? Because not only the claim-
ant but every person who has been a prior
owner of the claim must set forth his loyalty,
and must never have given aid or comfort to
the rebellion. How has the Court of Claims
construed that act? I have here the opinion
of the Court given in the cotton cases; and
after reciting the act of Congress which requires
the facts to De proved to the satisfaction of the
Court, they proceed to say :
" This is held to mean that the facts shall bo estab-
lished by legal and competent testimony in the same
manner that is usually practiced in courts of jus-
tice; that such testimony shall be taken before a
competent officer or magistrate, on legal notice to
the Solicitor for the United States, under the solem-
nity of an oath, and subject to a cross-examination
under such rules as the court has prescribed.
" The evidence of ownership of the property re-
quired is at least equal to that- necessary to sustain
an action of trespass or trover. The ownership must
be tona fide, not collusive or colorable. The claim-
ant seeking to recover must show not only that he
purchased the property, but he must satisfy us that
ne did so in the regular course of his business, and
not in fraud of tho act or with a view of speculating
upon the justice of the Government. We hold that
wherever one individual has sold and another pur-
chased to prevent the property from being seized by
and forfeited to the United States the ownership is
not genuine; such a claim is collusive and a fraud
upon the law, and does not prove satisfactorily the
genuine bona fide ownership contemplated by the aot
of the 12th of March, 1863."
In passing upon the question of loyalty the
court uses this language:
" Any acts voluntary committed which would tend
to assist, countenance, abet, or encourage the rebel-
lion are a flat bar to a claimant's rocovery under the
law; and to entitle the claimant to recover the act
requires that he should prove by thoso who had the
opportunities of observing his conduct that he did
not give such assistance or encouragement to the
insurrection; and he must go further; his evidence
to that effect must cover the entire period of the
war, so that it shall appear that he never gave any
aid or comfort to the rebellion."
This opinion of the court in the cotton cases,
in which judgments have been rendered for
about one hundred and thirty thousand dol-
lars in favor of the claimants in the aggregate,
shows that a case before that court undergoes
a judicial examination; that the witnesses are
examined and cross-examined ; that the own-
ership must be made out as clearly as would
be necessary to authorize a party to recover
in an action of trover; and that in regard to
loyalty the claimant must show, not only that
he is loyal when the suit is brought, but that
he has been so during the whole war, and also
that all the persons through whom the claim
has passed have teen loyal. I think there is
better protection for the Government in such
a court than in the Treasury Department,
where claims are settled by subordinate clerks
on ex jparte testimony. But it is not a ques-
tion of policy; the question is what is the law ?
-In regard to the solicitors of the Court of
Claims, if they are not such as they ought to be
the fault is with the appointing" power; or if
more power is necessary it should be provided.
Unquestionably these claims should be scru-
tinized closely, and the Senator from Maine
will not go further than I to see that the rights
of the Government are properly protected.
The Secretary of the Treasury may be equal
to any one of the judges of the Court of Claims;
I do not think him superior. But I think there
would be greater safety in trusting the rights
of the Government to a judicial tribunal com-
posed of five judges than to one Secretary of
the Treasury overwhelmed with the business
of the Treasury Department. That the Treas-
ury Department is overwhelmed with business
I have the evidence here before me. I have
obtained a copy of a letter written to the clerk
of the Court of Claims by the Secretary of the
Treasury which shows how little the Secretary
knows of what has been going on in his own
Department in regard to these cotton cases.
I will read the letter:
Treasury Department, July 1, 18671
Sir : I have learned informally that a judgment
has been rendered in favor of the plaintiff in a num-
ber of the causes familiarly designated as the " cotton
i cases" in the Court of Claims, and I have seen in
the newspapers the opinion rendered therein by the
Chief Justice of the court on the 2oth ultimo; but I
am without any knowledge as to the character of the
evidence adduced on cither side during the trial.
I have to request, therefore, that you will furnish
mo with a copy of all the papers in each of the cases
referred to; and, with a view to the full protection
of the public interests in the premises, I have to
request nlso that I may hereafter be furnished, be-
fore judgment is rendered, with a copy of all the
pa pers in any case the subj ect-matter of which origin-
ated in this Department.
Very respectfully. H. McCULLOCH,
Secretary (if the Treasury.
Samuel II. Huntington, CMef Clerk Court of Claim*,
Washington, D. C.
That letter reads very well, and looks as if the
Secretary was solicitous to protect the rights of
the Government. He seems to have been taken
by surprise. He has learned informally through
the newspapers that a judgment has been ren-
dered in the Court of Claims. What are the
facts ? . The truth is that the Secretary of the
Treasury knew all about these cases. He
or his Department had repeatedly furnished
information in regard to them. He had em-
ployed eminent counsel on the part of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, who had appeared
in these very cases and argued them before the
court. And yet he wrote that letter—that is,
somebody wrote the letter, and his signature is
to it. I apprehend the Secretary could never
•have read it. We had an official communication
from him in regard to the employment of Mr.
Cowan to argue these very cases before the
Court of Claims. And yet in this letter he
says he has informally heard about the cases
and wants to be furnished with the evidence
in regard to them! How do you account for
that ? I have here the reply of the clerk of
of the court showing how completely the Sec-
retary was advised of all the transactions,
which, according to his letter, seem to have
taken him by surprise. The clerk says :
Court of Claims, Washington, July 3,1867.
Sra: Your communication of the 1st instant has
been received, in which you state that you have
learned "informally" that judgments have been ren-
dered in the Court of Claims in favor of the claimants
in a number of causes familiarly designated as the
"cotton oases," that you have seen the opinion of
the Chief Justice in the newspapers, and that you are
without any knowledge as to the character of th o evi-
dence on either side during the trial, and accordingly
ask to be furnished with a copy of all the papers in
each of the cases referred to; and with a view to tho
full protection of tho public interests you furtherask
that you may hereafter be furnished before judgment
is rendered with a copy of all the papers in any case
the subject-matter of which originated in your
Department.
The court not being in session, I have submitted
your letter to the Chief Justice, and he instructs me
to say that your request for the papers and evidence
in the "cotton cases" will be cheerfully complied
with, and they are herewith transmitted.
But as the request which you make under this head,
especially when coupled with the added request that
you be hereafter furnished with all the papers in
every case whose subject-matter originated in your
Department before judgment is rendered by the court
may seem to imply some delinquency on the part ot
the court or its officers in not having furnished you
with such information beforehand, I have to say.
