1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3811
ment can be made to ail appropriation bill that
is not for a purpose authorized by law. This
claim ma; be just; I -do not assail its justice;
but the payment of it ia not authorized by any
existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Ghair has already
aruled the amendment outof order, and the sub-
ject is not debatable. If the gentleman takes
an appeal, the Chair will submit the question
to the committee.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I should like to
hear the amendment reported.
The Clerk read the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
that this amendment is not germane to the bill,
and in addition to that it is an appropriation
for which there is no law. From this decision
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bct-
ler] appeals, and the question is, "Shallthe
decision of the Chair stand as the judgmeutof
the committee?"
The question was put} aad there were—ayes
18, noes 18 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Raum] desires to speak this evening,
and I hope the gentleman from Massachusetts
will not break up the committee.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If it is
understood that there shall be a vote on the
appeal when there is a quorum here, I shall be
satisfied.
The CHAIRMAN. The appeal will be con-
sidered as pending to be voted on hereafter.
Mr. BANKS. Then I withdraw the motion
that the committee rise.
Mr. RAUM. Mr. Chairman, at this late
hour of a hot day, I can scarcely hope to have
the attention of the committee.
Mr. H1GBY. If the gentleman will yield, I
will move that the committee rise.
Mr. RAUM. There is to be no discussion
on this bill to-morrow.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
there is no probability of any further speaking
on this subject until the time designated by the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
when he proposes to call for the vote, except
this evem-ng, and the Chair does not know of
any gentleman, except the gentleman from
Illinois, who desires to speak,
Mr. RAUM. Mr. Chairman, if I can have
the lloor for a short time I will endeavor to
present the views I entertain upon this very
important question, which has been discussed
with so much learning and so much ability by
those who have preceded me. When I find
myself differing with gentlemen of such great
learning as the honorable gentleman trom
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] who has just
taken his seat, the honorable gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Siiellabakgee,] who addressed
the committee on Friday, and the other learned
gentlemen who have addressed the committee
on this very grave subject, I feel called upon
to pause and to give the subject caretul con-
sideration before I make up my mind upon the
legal questions involved. I approached the
examination ofthis subjectwith a feeling averse
to the purchase of Alaska; but, sir, my investi-
gations have led me to the conclusion that good
faith demands that the treaty for the purchase ot
that extensive territory shall be consummated
by the passage of the bill now under considera-
tion. The honorable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] and the honorable
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger]
have announced the doctrine that this treaty,
because it provides for the payment of a sum
of money, is not bindmgupon the United States
until the action of this House is had upon the
subject; and proceeding upon this ground, and
adopting the minority report of the commit-
tee, they conclude that the President and Sen-
are have made a bad bargain; and, therefore,
the peyple of the United States should not
ratify the treaty.
I propose very briefly to examine the ques-
tion first slated, in reference to whether or not
this treaty is binding upon the good faith of the
people of the United States for its execution.
In doing so, it will be necessary to go back
and examine the original grounds upon which
this treaty-making power rests, and see whether
or not we can ascertain what was the under-
standing of those who made the Constitution
at the time this treaty-making power was dele
gated to the President and the Senate. As a
power to be executed by some portion of the
Government, it is no new one. It is a power
as old as organized government itself. It is a
power which was recognized by all the great
nations of the earth, at the time the Constitu-
tion of the United States was made by the wise
men of 1776 and 1787. In framing a system
of Government it was necessary to delegate
the treaty-making power to some portion of
the Government, and in conferring this treaty-
making power upon the President, in conjunc-
tion with the Senate, the framers of the Con-
stitution were guided by the precedent which
they found in the constitution of England, by
which the king was invested with the treaty-
making power of that great nation. With us
the treaty-making power must be exercised in
pursuance of the Constitution. And my read-
ing of that instrument is that the President, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
is authorized to exercise the treaty-making
power. In Great Britain the sovereign has the
absolute and unlimited power of making treaties
for that country. A treaty made and executed
by the queen of England binds not only all
the subjects of the realm, but it binds the
House of Commons and the House of Lords,
and that, too, in the teeth of the fact that no
appropriation of money oan be made except
by act of Parliament. Now, if this is the case
with reference to the treaty-making power in
England—and I presume that no one who is
acquainted with that subject will gainsay it for
a moment—I demand to know why it is, when
that power is conferred upon the President of
the United States, who, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, is to exercise it, it
is not an absolute power in respect to proper
subjects of the treaty-making power ?
Mr. {50UTWELL. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. RAUM. Certainly.
Mr. BOUTVVELL. Without expressing any
opinion upon the propriety of this matter, I
will state that it seems to me very clear that
under the Constitution this treaty-making power
is necessarily subject to this limitation: a treaty
made by the President and Senate, which con-
templates the appropriation of money, is not a
treaty within the meaning of the Constitution
until the appropriation of money has been
made; and the Constitution being public law
known to all mankind, if they deal with us
they must take notice that under the Constitu-
tion no money can be drawn from the Treasury
of the United States except by act of Congress,
of which Congress the House of Represent-
atives is a part; and the exercise of that power
by the House must, in the nature of the case,
be an exercise of the judgment of that House.
Mr. BANKS. It was exactly upon that
ground that we threatened to make war upon
France.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Very well; that did not
change our Constitution.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Raum] allow me a
moment at this point'.'
Mr. RAUM. Certainly.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. In this country
revenue can be raised only by authority ot law;
by an act of Congress. In England the sover-
eign has sources of revenue separate from and
independent of the action of Parliament. So
that in that country the sovereign has money
to appropriate which the President of this
country does not have.
Mr. RAUM. I know upon what ground this
supposed limitation rests. But I state to the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Boctwell] and the honorable gentleman trom
Ohio [Mr. Lawrexce] that they lay down a
principle behind which they wish to take
shelter, which I say to them they must follow
to its logical and legitimate conclusion. The
power to appropriate money is no more sacred
in this country than the power to make any
other law which the Congress of the United
States may in its discretion make.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. To raise
money.
Mr. RAUM. Or to raise money; each
requires an act of legislation. And if geutle-
men object on the ground that a treaty provid-
ing for the payment of money cannot be exe-
cuted until the House of Representatives agree
to it, they must go forward to the legitimate
conclusion of that proposition, and assume the
inevitable consequence of their position, and
conclude at once that if any act of legislation
is required to enforce a treaty, the treaty can-
not be binding upon the nation until the neces-
sary legislation is first adopted.
Sir. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Will
the gentleman allow me to say a word to cor-
rect a misapprehension ?
Mr. RAUM. Yes, sir. .
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I un-
derstand the gentleman to say that in England
the treaty-making power is vested entirely in
the Crown.
Mr. RAUM. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. It was
conceded in the debate in Congress in 1796
upon Jay's treaty that the uniform usage in
England was to submit all treaties, at least all
treaties of this description, to Parliament, and
that the final approval of all such treaties
belonged to the jurisdiction of that body. More
than that, I think it is unquestioned that, under
the law of nations, as well understood by all
the publicists, even an absolute monarch, so
called, is not bound by a treaty which is not
in accordance with the fundamental law of his
empire.
Mr. BANKS. Let me say that no such doc-
trine as that stated by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania was conceded in the debate of
1796. On the contrary, it was denied abso-
lutely; and it is not true of the English Gov-
ernment or the English Parliament in any sense
whatever.
Mr. WILLTAMS, of Pennsylvania. I think
the debates will show that it was not questioned
that such was the law.
Mr. RAUM. Mr. Speaker, the reading of
the law of England by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania does not accord with my reading
of it. I understand that in the Crown of Eng-
land is vested the absolute power to make
treaties which bind all the people of the Uni-
ted Kingdom, including both Houses of Par-
liament. And, sir, what is the history of the
exercise of the treaty-making power in Eng-
land? Why, sir, divers treaties have been
made by the British Crown ; and the legisla-
tive branch of the Government always conforms
its legislation to the treaties which have been
thus made.
Then, sir, I lay it down as the law of the
case, that under the laws of England, the sov-
ereign of that kingdom has the unconditional
and unlimited power of making treaties to bind
all the people of the United Kingdom, includ-
ing both Houses of Parliament. Such was the
treaty-making power to which our British an-
cestors were accustomed; aad it was in view
of such exercise of that power under the British
Crown that the treaty-making power was con-
ferred upon the President of the United States
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate. Refer to the debates of the convention
that framed the Constitution ; refer to the Fed-
eralist, in which the most learned governmental
writers of that day expounded the Constitu-
tion, and it will be found that they all concuf
in the opinion that it is for the President and
the Senate to make treaties, and that all the
people, including both Houses of Congress,
are bound thereby, if the treaty is within the
scope of the treaty-making power under the
Constitution. And 1 lay it down as the law
of this country, that, wherever a treaty is mada
by the President, by and with the advice and
