1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
379
both for the oourt and its clerks, that they are con-
scious of no dereliction of duty in this respect. You
have been regularly furnished during the last year I
with n copy of every petition filed in the court when
the subject-matter originated in your Department,
and every such potition has been transmitted with a
request that yon would cause "all information known
to or on file in your Department which maybe neces-
sary to protect the interests of the Government to be
transmitted to this office, the same being duly au-
thenticated under tho seal of tho Department.
If, as you state, you have no knowledge of the evi-
dence on either sido in the cases already decided, it
must be because in the multiplicity of your official
duties you could not give your personal attention to
the repeated calls which have been mado and an-
swered in them by the .Department over which you
preside. These answers of the Treasury Department
liavc been used as evidence by both parties on the
trial of theso causes.
I am instructed further to say that tho law organ-
ising the Court of Claims has provided solicitors
whose duty it is to prepare and present the cases in
behalf of the United States. They are not respon-
sible to or under the direction and control of the
court except so far as their immediate conduct and
bearing in the presence of the court is concerned.
It is, however, presumed that officers charged with
high duties and responsibilities of this kind will not
be unmindful, much less neglectful, of tho public
interests committed to their care, and that they will
avail themselves of all tho evidence and information
which any of the Departments may afford to protect
the interests of the United States in this court.
Should their conduct, however, be otherwise, and
they be lound wanting either in vigilance or compe-
tency, the remedy is in the hands of tho President
by their removal and the appointment of others in
their stead.
Such being the relation which the solicitors bear
to the court and to the Government, the Chief Jus-
tice further suggests that the most effectual way for
the heads of the various Executive Departments and
bureaus to give full protection to the public interests
in the premises is to cooperate with the solicitors in
furnishing to the court all the facts and evidence in
the respective cases that may bear in favor of the
Government.
So far as the communication may seem to claim or
imply any right in tho head of an Executive Depart-
ment to direct, supervise, or control the proceedings
of the court, or revise its action in any case, I am
further instructed to say that such claim must be
founded in the misapprehension of the duties and
functions of this tribunal. These are in their nature
strictly judicial. The conrt is constituted by Con-
gress as part of the judiciary of the nation; and its
proceedings and judgments are not subject to revis-
ion or review anywhere except by appeal to the
Supreme Court of the United States.
In the "cotton cases," so far as they have been
decided in favor of the claimants, the proof in each
case was made " to the satisfaction of the" court" in
regard to the claimant's " ownership of the property,
of his right to the proceeds thereof, and that he had
never given any aid or comfort to the rebellion."
.these proofs were all taken upon notice to and cross-
examination by the solicitors of the United States,
before competent magistrates and under the sanction
of an oath. In each case information was requested
ofyourDepartmentrespecting the claim. Thesecalls
were answered, and it is to be presumed fully and
truly. On the hearing and argument of the cases the
Treasury Department was by leave of the court ably
represented by Hon. Edgar Cowan as special coun-
sel. So that it was hoped the Department would
have been apprised, officially and professionally, not
informally, of the nature and character of the evi-
dence and the proceedings generally in these cases.
Ihe court will be gratified to have the assistance
and cooperation of the Department in giving " full
protection to the public interests," but as the court
is now constituted no other method is known in
which it may be efficiently done except through the
Solicitor of the United States.
I have the honor to be, with great respect, your
obedient servant,
SAMUEL H. HUNTINGTON,
TT „ „ „ Chief Clerk Court of Claim*.
Hon. H. McCulloch, Secretary of the Treasury.
Now, sir, what does this disclose? I read it
for the purpose of showing how little personal
supervision the Secretary of the Treasury is
able to give to this subject. There were cer- !
tain cases pending in the Court of Claims. His |
Department was repeatedly called upon to fur-
nish information in regard to them. He knew ,
about the cases; he employed counsel who :
appeared in court and argued them; and yet
atter they were decided he writes a letter to
the clerk of the court stating that informally
he has heard about the cases but knows noth-
ing about the testimony, wheu the testimony
had been furnished from his own Department.
Of course I will do the Secretary the justice to
suppose that he could not have read this letter
which he signed or else he had forgotten all
about the transaction. The probability is that
the letter was laid before him and he merely
wrote his name to it. These are some of the
papers which were called for in the resolution
adopted by the Senate about a mouth ago, and
which has not yet been answered.
The only object I have in bringing them
before the Senate now is to show that the court
has been careful in its investigation of these
cases; and having shown that that is the tribu-
nal which by the act of Congress is authorized
to take jurisdiction of these claims; having
shown, as I think, that the Secretary of the
Treasury has no authority to adjudicate upon
them ; that his acts in that respect are wholly
extra-judicial, even if they were right, about
which I have not the means of deciding further
than to say that I understand the fact to be
that money has been paid to claimants who
confessedly had given aid and comfort to the
rebellion; that men who could not have recov-
ered in the Court of Claims on account of their
disloyalty have received, money at the Treas-
ury 
Mr. FESSENDEN. You said you would
prove it before you got through.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I had here and read a
few minutes ago a claim in favor of a man
named Billups.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has it been allowed?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Secretary is pre-
paring to allow it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How do you know
that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know it from the paper
that has been here read. The Senator from
Maine stated in his remarks the other day, I
think, that it was one of the pending cases.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a claim made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the Senator went
on to say that there was no objection to the
claims that were pending.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think so. I think if
the Senator will look over his remarks he will
find that he stated that in regard to these claims
there was no objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He said that there were
some of them to which there was no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps the remark
may haye been qualified. I will state, how-
ever, to the Senator from Maine that I am
informed upon what I regard as responsible
authority, and I trust that the chairman of the
Committee on Retrenchment, who has under-
taken to investigate the facts in these cases,
will call the witnesses before him—I am in-
formed by gentlemen of high character and
responsibility that claims have been paid to
persons who are disloyal without asking the
question as to their disloyalty; that it was made
no question. These gentlemen say that they are
prepared to show that, and the names of some
of them* have, I think, been furnished to the
chairman of the committee that is investigating
the subject.
Now, sir, I think it high time, under these
laws and in view of the Secretary's action, that
this money was covered into the Treasury of
the United States, if that be the proper term,
and I trust that the joint resolution may be
permitted to pass, though the obligation upon
the Secretary of the Treasury, in my opinion,
to pay the money into the Treasury is just as
binding now as it will be when we have passed
another law on the subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I do not
intend to occupy more than a very few minutes
of the time of the Senate upon this ques-
tion 
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend will allow me
to make a suggestion. I intended to submit a
motion to refer this matter to the committee of
which he. is chairman, with a View of having
certain amendments perfected. It seems to
me that is a great deal the best way to dispose
of this question now, and then the Senator can
present with his amendments his view of the
case.' I submit to the Senate whether that
would not be the better way. There are some
amendments now pending and some that are
to be proposed; and I think the committee
who have investigated the subject should have
an opportunity of putting them in proper shape.
^ Mr. FESSENDEN. I trust that motion will
not be made immediately. I wish to have an
opportunity to see in print the remarks made
by the honorable Senator from Illinois, and I
do not. want this matter to be disposed of or to
P^ss from the possession of the Senate until I
shall have had an opportunity to examine
those remarks and make such response as I
may deem proper. Perhaps I might go on and
say what I have to say to-day, but the truth is
that I have such a severe cold that it is with
difficulty I can speak at all, and besides I pre-
fer to see the remarks of the honorable Sen-
ator in print.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am willing that this
matter should go over or any other disposition
should be made of it at present. My desire is
to take up the bill suspending the contraction
of the currency.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I desire now only to sub-
mit a few remarks in reply to my friend from
Illinois. The whole subject was practically
; exhausted the other day. We have no new
light that I know of in the way of matter-of-
fact. The real question is one of propriety of
the action of the Secretary of the Treasury in
what he has done ;■ because as to what he pro-
poses to do there is no question at all. He
does not propose, and has not since the com-
mittee with which I am connected addressed
hi_m a letter on the subject last spring, to per-
mit a dollar of the money to go out of his con-
trol without the sanction of the two Houses of
Congress, either through the committee by our
taking the opinion of the two Houses, or by
some method that shall be approved of by Con-
gress. He does not stand in opposition to our
will at all. The single question is really, upon
all that has been said, as to the propriety of
censuring Secretary Chase, Secretary Fessen-
den, and Secretary McCulloch, for the course
they have pursued in the past in relation to this
matter.
The law either authorized them to give up
property and money in certain cases or it did
not. If it did not authorize them to give it
up then clearly they have, in giving it up,
violated the law. Nobody, I think, believe*
or asserts that they intentionally violated the
law; but that they have done so is clear if
the law did not permit them to give up this
money. The ground upon which they pro-
ceeded was that the statute operated upon a
specifically described property belonging or
having belonged to a certain described class
of persons—confederate government property
abandoned by the confederate government,
captures made by the Army, and the confis-
cated property of rebels of a certain descrip-
tion, because the confiscation act does not
cover every class of rebels, every man who lived
in the southern States, necessarily. Aside
from the military captures, about which we
all agree, and about which the Attorney Gen-
eral gave the advice which the Secretary says
he has followed, the question is, as the differ-
ent Secretaries of the Treasury have viewed it,
whether their agents, having seized property
which the law did not authorize them to seize,
property that did not belong to any of the
classes named in the statute, and the seizure
of which, therefore, was illegal and not author-
ized by the statute, in those cases the statute
required them to pay the proceeds of that
property into the Treasury or not. They
thought that in those instances they were
authorized, if their agents had made a mistake,
to give up the property, or to give up the pro-
ceeds if the mistake was discovered after-
ward. The Senator from Illinois thinks other-
wise ; I think otherwise ; but the law officers
of the Department and of the Government in
these cases, the Attorney General in partic-
ular, decided that when a mistake of that kind
was made the acts of the Treasury, agents,
having been outside of the law and they hav-
ing seized property of a description that the
law did not authorize them to seize, it was the
duty of the Superior of these subordinates to
act upon that tact and to give up the property
as not being the class of property that the law
operated upon at all.
My view and that of the Senator from Illi-
nois is, and I believe it to be correct, that that
