1868.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. McCormick.
Ho. op Reps.
in the law authorizing the issue of the bonds
that those bonds should not be subject to State
or municipal taxation. In saying that the
Government by strong implication said that
they should be subject to national taxation.
There being the two taxing powers, State and
national, and only the one excluded, it is too
late now, with the implied reservation, for
gentlemen to insist in the interest of the bond-
holders that the bonds shall not be subject to
the same burdens as the property of other citi-
zens. It is most unreasonable that holders of
securities which you propose to pay in gold,
dollar for dollar, the interest on which you are
paying in gold—bonds purchased, too, with a
currency greatly inflated—should have the
presumption to ask for such exemption, and,
more unreasonable still, that the leaders of a
great party, representatives of the people,
should concede their right to such exemp-
tion, and insist that they shall be entirely
exempt from the burdens which press heavily
upon every other class of citizens. Gentle-
men forget the ancient maxim of liberty, "The
safety of the people is the supreme law."
If anything could be done which would
weaken the faith of the laboring portion of
the people in the value of our institutions it
would be this oppressive discrimination against
them.
The gentleman from Illinois may press his
measure for taxation, but I have no hope of its
success; the Republican party is too com-
pletely under the control of the bankers and
capitalists to yield to such a reform. Among
other grave grounds of complaint which the
people will have against this party will be that
the measure which was demanded by the peo-
ple with unexampled unanimity—the home-
stead policy—has been virtually defeated by
granting away those very lands which the
people expected to secure for themselves and
their children to those overgrown corporations
whose special agents are now thronging our
lobbies. It should excite the apprehensions
of the people that their interests are in peril,
that the lobbies of Congress are crowded by
agents in behalf of every interest of centralized
wealth, tariff and banks and bonds and cor-
porations ; every interest except the; interests
of industry and the men of toil. This lobby
influence has grown up with the Republican
party into gigantic proportions and greatly
controls your legislation.
It is the dangerous feature of this Govern-
ment. For capital easily combines its ener-
gies ; it comes here with united force; it
stands at every door of the Capitol; you see it
everywhere demanding protection for its own
peculiar interests, while no voice is raised hero
in behalf of the toiling millions upon whose
labor rests the whole fabric of this Govern-
ment and gives to every interest its only value.
Mr. Till 11BLE, of Kentucky. Will the gen-
tleman yirla lu me one i-nomeul for a question ?
Mr. HOLM AN. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. The gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Blaine] seems to com-
plain that if bonds be taxed two per cent, they
will yield but four per cent, net interest to the
bondholder. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] whether there is
any interest in his State, taking it generally,
which yields to the owner that rate of interest—
whether Government bonds at four percent,
would not pay better than any interest in his
St£lt/0 ^
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 think there is no interest
connected with labor or industry that yields so
great a return.
Mr. DAWES. How is it as to lands ?
Mr. HOLMAN. Lands do not yield more
than three per cent, on their estimated value.
I know that in New England, where, under the
protective policy, large profits are realized,
realized at the expense of the labor of the
western country, four, five, or six per cent, may
appear a low interest, but with us it is a high in-
terest, so far as productive industry is concerned.
I do not speak of the rates of interest on money
or invested capital.
But, sir, I find a key-note to the present con-
dition of affairs in a paper published in the
exclusive interest of capital. This paper fur-
nishes some explanation of the remarkable
spectacle before the country—the impeachment
of the national Executive. The paper from
which I propose to read a paragraph is the
Iron Age, a paper devoted to the interests of
the capitalist and manufacturer alone, with no
word for the interests of industry, except so
far as it is made subservient to accumulating
and building up the fortunes of those who are
already the favorites of fortune.
Mr. BLDRIDGE. The paper is well named.
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir; it is called the
Iron Age, and it is as cold and remorseless
as iron. The laborer may toil and suffer, but
this "iron age" has no sympathy with his
struggles. I propose to read a passage fore-
shadowing the time when the resolute citizen
who is standing up against the assailants of
constitutional government shall be set aside
and the Senate, not the people, shall elect
a President (if such shall be our evil fortune)
of the United States. Then capital may hold
high carnival. When Mr. Wade becomes
President, says this paper—
"No tariff act can be passed by Congress"—
I call the attention of western men particu-
larly to this utterance—
" No tariff act can be passed by Congress too pro-
tective to receive the assent of a President who is
almost, a prohibitionist in his wise zeal for the de-
velopment of his country's industry."
"Almost a prohibitionist! " Wisely did the
people of Ohio repudiate this man, who would
grind down the labor of his own people for
the benefit of the capitalists of other sections
of the Union, and to build up their already
excessive wealth.
Again:
" No railroad-aid legislation will be too liberal to
frighten an Executive who knows that the growth of
a country's foreign as well as domestic trade is in
exact proportion to the extension of its railway
system."
Congress need not be afraid. They cannot
be too liberal to railroad corporations for this
generous gentleman. They may grant what-
ever subsidies they please, amounting it may
be to millions of dollars, not to be earned by
themselves, but by the toiling and tax-oppressed
masses. They may grant to the railroad brokers
of your great cities millions of acres of the
public lands, denying to the laboring man
every hope or prospect of a homestead. Oh,
no ; Congress cannot frighten this courageous
Executive. He will be too willing to approve
these schemes of plunder. Congress need not be
afraid to grant these subsidies to corporations.
This liberal gentleman will more than approve
them. A new era is to be inaugurated a new
man is to be at the head of public affairs; a
man bound hand and soul to the interests of
capital. In six years you have given one hun-
dred and twenty-five million acres of the peo-
ple's land to corporations. But you need not
be afraid to give more.
Sir, I wish that these two utterances could
be heard and taken to heart at every fire-
side in the whole northwest. I wish that
every constituent of the gentleman could hear
them. Let the people understand that the
party in power is making a tremendous effort
to thrust from the presidential office a man
constitutionally elected by the voice o_f the
people, and to place there a representative of
capital eager to tax the producing interests of
the northwest to swell the wealth of New Eng-
land, and rob the poor man and his children
after him of every hope of a hoinestead on
God's green earth by giving the public lands to
railroad corporations. Yes, sir, the rapacious
grabbers at the public lands, the wealthy man-
ufacturers, the railroad kings, and the hold-
ers of bonds may well rejoice! But there is a
day of reckoning; the destinies of this nation
are still in the hands of its people.
Resisting the manifest designs of the leaders
of the Republican party, those opposed to their
policy and who demand reform in the adminis-
stration of public affairs, will appeal to the
people in behalf of these great measures.
1. The payment of the public debt on the
basis on which it was contracted, in the lawful
money of the country, except where by express
stipulation we have agreed to pay in coin.
2. The taxation of the bonds by the ]?ederal
Government to amount substantially equal to
the tax imposed on other property for State
and local purposes in the several States, the
tax be deducted from the coupon.
3. The abolition of the national banks and
the substitution of $300,000,000 of United
States notes for the $300,000,000 of national
bank paper.
4. Reform in national expenditure and no
taxation of the people to give lands or moneys
to railroad corporations.
5. A tariff for revenue and not to protect the
manufacturers at the expense of the producing
interests ; and, more than all,
6. The speedy restoration of the Union.
Sir, at no period of history have a people
encountered a power of centralized wealth
equal to that which is now arrayed against the
people of this nation. If they would save the
Republic and hand down to their children the
blessings of a Government scouring the equal
rights of the whole people, they must reform
the administration of their public affairs, and
remember that "the price of liberty is eternal
vigilance."
Impeachment.
SPEECH OP HON. J. R. McCORMICK,
of missouri,
In the House or Representatives,
February 24, 1868,
On the resolution reported by the Committee on
Reconstruction for the impeachment of the Presi-
dent.
Mr. McCORMICK. Mr. Speaker, for the
first time in the history of the country this
House has met to consider the question of
impeaching the President of the United States.
A step so full of consequences to the whole
country should only be taken after it is appa-
rent that the acts of the President are so
willfully perverse, so clearly in violation of
law, and so deeply injurious to the country that
a longer toleration of them is incompatible
with the public safety. I confess I enter upon
the discussion of this subject with feelings of
deep anxiety, believing as I do that if this
measure is adopted it will prove a calamity to
the whole people and to all their interests.
Viewing the condition of affairs from the stand-
point which I have occupied during this un-
happy controversy between the Executive and
Congress, I can see nothing in the conduct of
the President which should forfeit our confi-
dence or justify his impeachment. It is true
the President has from time to time recom-
mended a system of public policy wholly differ-
ing from that pursued by Congress ; it is true
he has again and again, by the exercise of the
veto power, attempted to control the action of
this House; but does any one or all of these
acts furnish ground upon which his removal
from office may be justified ?
These are the questions to be met and an-
swered, and their importance demands the most
i careful deliberations of the hour. Three years
i have almost, passed away since the close of the
1 rebellion, and yet Congress has failed to restore
i the Union which has been preserved at such
' an immense sacrifice of life and treasure. _
! As one means of reconstructing the Union
i: upon the congressional plan a Ireedman s
i! Bureau has been established by which millions
