1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17(53
.that these statements are false is not correct;
nor is it true that any money was paid to rebels.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I did
not allege that.
Mr. LOGAN. The fact is that orders were
issued, as stated there, by the general com-
mand.ng the United States forces at Vicks-
burg, and guards were furnished as stated in
that report; I know that, so far as this case is
concerned. I will say to the gentleman now,
I have ever been in favor of turning over the
money that is in the hands of the Secretary—
this cotton fund—into the Treasury, so that it
would not be used; but as at the time that
was not done, I was one of the attorneys in
this Shepard case spoken of, and know all
about it. I state to the gentleman now that
eighteen hundred, I believe it was—I do not
remember, but I think that was the amount—
eighteen hundred bales of cotton were pur-
chased under a permit given by the President
of the United States and the Secretary of the
Treasury—not the present Secretary, however.
To the parties, under that authority, guards
were furnished by General Dana at Vicksburg.
The money was expended, or, at least, the
evidence showed that fact. What the facts are
outside of that I do not know. I only know
what evidence was adduced—sworn testimony.
I only knew what the orders were from the fact
that the orders were furnished. Those orders
are in the Department now and ear. be seen,
and the evidence does show the state of facts
as stated in that report, and there was plenty
of evidence in reference to it. These parties
were not allowed pay for this cotton. They
were only allowed remuneration for saving the
cotton from being destroyed. Orders were
issued, as the proofshows, by the rebel author-
ities, at the time of the surrender of Lee, to
destroy all the cotton in that vicinity to pre-
vent its falling into the hands of the Govern-
ment of the United States. These guards
were furnished for the purpose of preventing
that thing, and it was to save the cotton that it
was done. For the performance of that labor
and the procurement of these orders and the
saving of that cotton the Secretary of the
Treasury allowed them, I believe, sixteen per
cent. 1 am not certain of the amount, but I
believe that was the percentage allowed them
on the whole amount of the cotton that was
saved. That is the case precisely, and those
are the facts of the ease.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I had no
idea that anything I said could apply to any
member of this House, for I did not suppose
that any gentleman in the House besides myself
knew anything in regard to the matter. I cer-
tainly had no idea that the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] was employed as an
attorney in these cases; for according to my
understanding of the laws of Congress there is
a law against a member of Congress being an
attorney before any bureau or Department.
Mr. LOGAN'. That was long before I was
a member of Congress.
Mr. WASHB URN, of Wisconsin. Of course
I could have had no reference to the gentleman
from Illinois, as I had no knowledge that he
had ever been employed in this or any other
cotton case.
Mr. LOGAN. I have the right to answer,
if these insinuations are made 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
made no insinuations.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman will pardon
me for a moment. If he will allow me, I will
state this: I was here in Washington cit}' and
acted as attorney in several cases before I was
ever nominated for Congress. If the gentle-
man will examine the dates set forth in that
report he will find that it was long before I
even thought of being a member of Congress.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
no doubt that the gentleman has acted honor-
ably and in perfect good faith in this matter, as
he understood the matter; I have no doubt of
that. I have no idea that he would do any-
thing that was otherwise.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to say that the
remark I made had no reference to the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] but was called
forth by the remarks of the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Washburn'.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I was only
expressing my opinion in regard to the charac-
ter of this claim. If they obtained guards from
General Dana or any other general, and paid
hi m money for furnishing those guards, they did
what they had no right to do, and General Dana
did what he should have been cashiered for.
Mr. LOGAN. I have nothing to say about
that.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Having
been so long on the Mississippi river, both at
Vicksburg and Memphis, and knowing so well
about these things, [ am still of the opinion
that this is a fraudulent claim. I have no
doubt that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] thought it was an honest claim; no
doubt he thinks so now. But I do not think it
is an honest claim.
But here is a further fact which I desire to
state to the House, and a most, astonishing
fact it is: that if this was an honest claim,
then this money should not have bgen paid to
Park man, Brooks & Co., because to-day they
owe the Government of the United States over
half a million dollars, as is proved by a
record which is now before a committee of this
House. It was referred to the Committee
on Banks and Banking in June, 18G6, and
they were instructed to send for persons and
papers and to inquire in regard to it. And I
would inquire of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, of that committee. [Mr. Hooper,] if
anything has been done by that committee in
regard to that case?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I am not
the chairman of that committee; but I think
nothing has been done in the matter.
Mr. CAKE. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Cer-
tainly.
henry jenks.
Mr. CAKE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 898) to extend the
letters-patent of Henry Jenks, for an improve-
ment m the process of manufacturing wire
grating; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Patents.
captured and abandoned propkrty.
The House resumed the consideration of the
Senate amendment to House joint resolution
No. 19.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. If this
claim is an honest one, it is most astounding
that it should be paid at the Treasury Depart-
ment when at the same time these parties were
indebted to the Government of the United
States for more than half a million dollars.
That fact is apparent from the record which is
now before the Committee on Banking and
Currency. The chairman of that committee
[Mr. Pomeroy] is not present, but I under-
stand from the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hoopek,] who is a member of that com-
mittee, that the committee have done nothing.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. When
the gentleman asked the question of me I
said there had been nothing done, becausc it
was so long ago that I had forgotten it. But
I believe something was done.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Ilearned
from the chairman of the Committeeon Bank-
ing and Currency [Mr. Pomeboy] that no in-
vestigation has been had in the matter bv that
committee. The facts of the case were these:
Mr. George C. Carlton, collector of the port of
Memphis, was induced by one Jesse Page, and
Parkman, Brooks & Co. to subscribe for bonds
of the Government of the United States. The
Secretary of the Treasury sent out bonds to
Carlton to be sold. Carlton handed over the
proceeds to Jesse Page, of the Commercial
Bank, and the Commercial Bank handed them
over to Parkman, Brooks & Co. When the
Government would draw on Carlton for the
proceeds he would send for more bonds, which
he would send to the city of New York and
sell. In this way bonds to the amount of
$1,500,000 or more were obtained from the
Government by this thimble-rigging opera-
tion, to obtain money to carry on these cot-
ton specnlationsat Memphis. Finding, finally,
that ho could not conceal the position of mat-
ters longer, Carlton came to Washington and
made a clean breast, and a gentleman *as
sent out from the Treasury Department to in-
vestigate the matter. That investigation has
shown that Parkman, Brooks & Co. are in-
debted to the Government of the United States
in the sum of $556,000 for bonds thus obtained
through Carlton. If anybody doubts this state-
ment let him refer to the records now before
the Committee on Banking and Currency,
Yet, in the face of this most astonishing fact,
the Treasury Department allows to that firm a
claim of $157,000, and pays it with the ex-
ception of $30,000, which was withheld upon
the allegation that Parkman, Brooks & Co.
were indebted to the Government that sum.
These are the facts ; and when such claims
were being allowed and paid, and paid to par-
ties who had defrauded the Government out
of over half a million dollars, I thought it
time to offer a resolution that should arrest
the further squandering of the public money.
Hence I presented this resolution. It was"
somewhat carelessly drawn, as I was not at the
time fully conversant with the facts. I recited
that there were several millions in the hands
and subject to the disposal of the Secretary of
of the Treasury, when in fact there was but
$1,200,000, all the rest having been disposed
of. I believe, however, the effect of the intro-
duction of the resolution has been to suspend
the further allowance of these claims.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow
me a few words ? I know he does not wish to
do anybody injustice. So far as regards Park-
man, Brooks & Co., and the parties engaged
in the national bank at Memphis, I know noth-
ing; but I will say that the gentleman is very
much mistaken when he states that this claim
was allowed and paid to Parkman, Brooks &
Co. The parties to whom this claim was paid
were a man named Shepard, the firm of Park-
man, Brooks & Co., and I think one other
person. 1 do not remember whether there
were others or not. But it'the gentleman will
examine the case, which I presume he can have
an opportunity of doing at the Treasury Depart-
ment, lie will find that his statement is entirely
contrary to the record, so far as regards the
amount paid to Parkman, Brooks & Co. They
owned but a very small share of this claim ; I
think only one fourth, though I do not remem-
ber exactly what proportion. When the gen-
tleman examines the matter he will find that
the greater portion of this claim, outside of
the expenses allowed to these parties, was not
paid to them, but credited on notes in the
Treasury Department given by them. The
greater part of the money that was paid on
this claim was paid to Mr. Shepard, whose
proportion of the claim was three fourths or
two thirds, I do not remember which. Only a
small portion went to these parties.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I know
nothing about Mr. Shepard. I think I never
heard of him while I was in command cither
at Vicksburg or Memphis. Doubtless there
was such a man. But Parkman, Brooks & Co.
were well known up and down the river as cot-
ton operators, operating under permits ob-
tained here at the Treasury Department, and
operating beyond the control of the military
authorities. As to how this money was paid
I, of course, know nothing except what appears
here upon this paper. I do know that Park-
man, Brooks & Co. owe the Government to-
day over half a million dollars. I do not
know how much of this money Parkman, Brooks
& Co. received. They certainly ought to have
received none. If they did receive any they
received that to which they had no right.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr.' Speaker, I
should like to ask the gentleman from Wis-
consin whether there was any law authorizing
