1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2787'
the morning and closed at six o'clock in the
afternoon of the same day.
The case dccided by Judge Brinkerhoff was
on a quo warranto to contest the right of John
Ritt to exercise the office of mayor of Mount
Airy. On the day of the election for mayor
Ephraim T. Brown and John Ritt were oppos-
ing candidates. During the day the judges of
the election adjourned the election and were
absent from one to two hours. It was held
this was a closing of the election within the
meaning of the statute, and that the whole
election was, therefore, void and neither can-
didate elected. The case seems to be reported
in the American Law Register, in order that
the editorial notes may show, as they do, that
it is a wrong decision. But without going that |
far it might answer my purpose to say, if such j
a rule could be applied to an election like that, j
composed of only one voting precinct, where i
another mayor could immediately be elected
or appointed, .yet no such rule is practicable
in a large district with a hundred voting pre-
cincts. That case was heard on quo warranto,
and whatever rule might be adopted in such a
case and in suck a proceeding, no such rule
has ever been adopted in parliamentary prac-
tice.
it must be remembered that there are many
different systems of law in this and every coun
try. Military law has its tribunals, its juris-
diction, and its separate system. The com-
mon, municipal, and written law has its courts,
its jurisdiction, and its system of rules appli-
cable to some elections with its quo warranto
proceedings, &c. Thenparliamentary to has
its jurisdiction, among which is impeachment
of officers, the arrest and punishment for
breach of privilege or disobedience of its pro-
cess, the punishment or expulsion of members,
with the right declared by, but existing inde-
pendently of, the Constitution, to judge of the
election returns and qualifications of members
of the House of Representatives. Now, neither
one of these separate jurisdictions is bound by
or regards the adjudications of the other,
except so far as the principles thereof may be
applicable in the particular tribunal, or may
by it be deemed reasonable.
Andjit is safe to atlinn that no such rule of
parliamentary law has ever been adopted as
that held by Judge Brinkerhoff. It should be
reinembeied, too, that the decision itself is not
by a court whose adjudications are deemed or
quoted as authority. The supreme court of
Ohio is the court of last resort under State
authority for judicial purposes. Its decisions
are reported as law. The district court is an
inferior tribunal performing circuit duty, with
little time for deliberation, and its decisions
could in no sense bo deemed authority. This
case bears all the marks of haste and want ot
consideration. It is supported by no reason,
by 110 reported case, by no citation of princi-
ple ; it is a mere unsupported ipse dixit, hastily
made and almost without argument. It is
against all settled principle, and is in direct
conflict with cases which are high judicial
authority.
The statute, as we have seen, provides that
the polls shall be opened between the hours of
six and ten in the morning, and closed at six
o'clock in the afternoon.
It is a directory statute. Piatt vs. The People,
. 29 Illinois Repts., 72; Locust ward contested-
election case, 4 Pennsylvania Law Journal,
842; the People vs. Cook, 4 Seidell, New York
Rep., 08.
It does not declare an election void if its pro-
visions are not strictly followed. It does not
in terms prohibit an adjournment for dinner.
Such adjournment will sometimes, ex necessi-
tate, bo unavoidable.
In 4 Selden Reports, 92, the New York court
of appeals, in discussing a similar statute, say :
"The statute contains no words forbidding the poll
to he held open alter sundown or rendering: the elec-
tion void if the poll bo no t ojienedand closed as therein
required."
The law of Ohio makes the judges of the
election a corporation for various purposes.
It is one of the inherent common-lav/ powers
of a corporation that it may take reasonable
adjournments.
In corporate elections where no injury has re-
sulted a reasonable adjournment never vitiated
an election. But this question may be regarded
as settled by the supreme court of Illinois in
the case of Piatt vs. The People, &c., 29 Illinois
Repts., 54.
By the law of Illinois the people of certain
townships were authorized to vote upon the
question of making township subscriptions to
the capital stock of the American Central Rail-
road Company. The law required the polls to
be closed at five o'clock p. in., but there was
evidence tending to show that votes were cast
after that hour. The result of the vote as
announced was in favor of subscription. This
was contested, and a part of the syllabus ot
the case is thus stated :
"A mere irregularity in conducting an election
which does not deprive any voter of his franchise or
allow an illegal rote or change the result will not
vitiate.
"Although the law directs that the polls snail bo
closed at live o'clock" * '■ * * "unless it
is made to appear that votes were cast after that
hour, which change the result, the irregularity would
not be fatal."
And in the opinion the court say:
"The rules prescribed by law for conducting an
election are designed chiefly to afford an opportunity
for the free and ta'r exercise of the elective franchise,
to prevent illegal vo es, and to ascertain with cer-
tainty the result. Such rules are directory mziely—
not jurisdictional or imperative."
If Judge Brinkerhoff could have seen this
case before he decided on the election in
Mount Airy his decision never would have been
as it was, and the editor of the Law Register
would have been saved the trouble of his note
pointing out Judge Brinkerhoff's error.
In the Penn district election case, in 1847,
decided in the Philadelphia common pleas,
where the resolution of the Legislature required
the polls to be kept open until ten o'clock
p. m., and they were closed at eight, the elec-
tion was set aside, but only on the ground that
the evidence affirmatively showed that there
were 261 persons who did not vote and were
deprived of the privilege. (2 Parson's Select
Cases, (Pennsylvania,) 533.)
In the case now under consideration it is not
shown that a single voter lost the privilege of
voting, or that there were other voters who did
not vote.
In the Locust ward contested-election case,
4 Pennsylvania Law Journal, 347, the ques-
tion was:
" What results follow where an election has been
kept open ajter the hour fixed by law for closing it,
and votag have been received? Is the entire elec-
tion void? When a poll is kept open alter that hour,
and the number ol votes polled afterward can be
clearly ascertained, if the whole of those, votes could
not change the rriult, the election for this cause will
not be set aside."—P. 341.
This is a case demanding the intervention of
courts much more than the case of a mere
recess during an election.
The principle of law, of common sense, and
justice, which underlies the whole theory of
'election contests is this, that an irregularity
■which cannot change the result cannot vitiate
a poll; but where fraud enters into the con-
test, then on high groQnds of public policy to
prevent its evil consequences, and especially
where it leaves a shadow of doubt as to the
result, the whole poll must be rejected. These
principles are announced in The People vs.
Cook, 4 Selden, 93, 94 ; inPiattTO. ThePeople,
29 Illinois Rep., 09, 72; in State ex. ret.
Attorney General vs. Taylor, Ohio State lie-
ports, and in many cases both in the judicial
and parliamentary courts.
Thus in 4 Selden, New York Reports, 93,
the court of appeals say :
" It may bo safely affirmed that if the irregularity
does not deprive a legal voter of his right, or admit
a disqualified person to vote, if it easts no uncertainty
on the result, and has not been occasioned by the
agency of a party seeking to derive a benefit from
it, it may be overlooked in an action of this kind,
when the issue is as to which candidate received the
greatest number of votes for a particular office at a
given election. There is nothing m this piiiieipie
which holds out the slightest invitation to disorders
at the polls. Should a gang of rowdies gain pos- .
session ox the ballot-box during or after the close of
an election before the canvass, anddestroy tho whole
or portions ot the ballots, or introduce others mtrrep-
titioiLilu into the box so as to render it impossible to
ascertain the number of genuine ballots, the whole
should be rejected."
Mr._ Speaker, I have examined the report of
the minority and the report of the majority, as
well as the testimony, with us much care as I
have been able to bestow; and upon every
principle of law and justice, I believe that the
contestant has made a perfect case, and is
entitled to the seat. And I hope this case will
establish the principle, as a rule of parliament-
ary law, that a notice of contest which declares
that illegal votes were given shall be sufficient
to admit proof that votes were given which are
illegal for any cause—this rests in part on the
well-settled rule of the common as well as the
parliamentary law that "every 'man is pre-
sumed to lnow the. law." Even in criminal
law and its administration this is a conclusive
presumption often against the fact, and parties
accused can never plead ignorance of the law.
Ignorantia legis excusat neminem." (Sedg-
wick on Stat., p. 83; 17 Barber, p. 317.)
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I do not
know whether anybody on the other side wants
the floor or not. Nobody appears to be claim-
ing it.
Mr. KERR. I would like to inquire of the
gentleman who manages this case how much
more time he intends to allow this side of the
House?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I suppose the sitting
member will take an hour.
Mr. KERR. Does the gentleman intend to
allow any one else any time?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I propose then to call
the previous question. My colleague from
the Luzerne district [Mr. Woodward] has an
understanding with me as to a part of my
hour.
Mr. WOODWARD. If I interfere with
nobody else, I can go on now as well as at any
other time. I do not intend to enter into the
general question, but will confine myself to a
single point.
Mr. SCOFIELD. How much time does my
colleague desire?
Mr. WOODWARD. Ten or fifteen minutes
will, I suppose, be sufficient.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the gentleman takes
the floor now I suppose, Mr. Speaker, he will
be entitled to an hour.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Unless there
be some other understanding on the part of
the House.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have the floor, and had
proposed to yield to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Morgan ;] butifmycolleague [Mr. Wood-
ward] will go on now for ten minutes, with the
understanding that at the end of that time the
gentleman from Ohio shall take the floor, that
will enable us to get through.
Mr. KERR. The gentleman from Ohio, I
presume, is to have an hour.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, I do not
desire or design to enter into the general ques-
tion raised by the majority and the minority of
the committee. The argument of the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Khuk] is, in my judg-
ment, conclusive, and I will nol weaken it. by-
attempting to add anything to it. There is,
however, one single aspect of the subject with
reference to which I wish to submit a few
observations, designed especially for my col-
league, [Mr. ScoriKI.T).] who has charge of
this ca-"':, the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawiis,] the chairman of the Committee
of Elections, .and thegentleman from "Vermont,
[Mr. Polaxd.] a member of that committee,
for they are all astute and competent lawyers.
I wish to state to these gentlemen, and through
them to the House, the difficulties which my
mind experiences with regard to one of the
points of this case. The House will understand
that more than two hundred men who are
claimed to have voted for the sitting member
are said to be disqualified by reason ot being
deserters. If the votes of these meu be added
