3812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
consent of the Senate, if the treaty is within
the scope of the treaty-making power under
the Constitution, all the people of the United
States are bound thereby, including the House
of Representatives and the Senate.
But gentlemen say that it is the business of
the House of Representatives particularly to
originate the laws necessary to raise revenue
and to appropriate money, &e. Conceding
that to be true (and I understand it to be the
law of the case) it is no limitation upon the
exercise of the treaty-making power? What
is the treaty-making power? It is the power
conferred upon a branch of the Government
for the purpose of making contracts with
foreign countries; and the President of the
United States, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, has the right to make
a contract with a foreign nation to bind all
the people of the United States, including
both Houses of Congress.
I say this because the Constitution of my
country says it; because the Constitution has
conferred upon the President and the Senate
a well-known power to be exercised without
the interference of other branches of the Gov-
ernment.
But gentlemen have said that when there is
presented to the House of Representatives a
treaty which requires an appropriation of
money, the House has the right to determine
whether or not the treaty shall be executed.
I concede that; there is no question about the
truth of the proposition. The Congress of the
United States has entire and absolute control
over the appropriation of money for all pur-
poses. Why, sir, suppose you pass a law
authorizing any particular officer of the Gov-
ernment to make a contract for the purchase
of commissary or quartermaster stores, to be
paid for by subsequent appropriations of money;
when that, question comes before the House of
Kepresentatives you may or may not appropri-
ate the money; you can do just as you please
about it; but will any man pretend to say that
a debt thus created under the sanctions of law
would not be a subsisting claim against the
Government, a just demand, which should be
paid; and that the good faith of the nation
would be bound to appropriate the money for
the payment of such a claim? So it is in a
case of this kind.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. If the
gentleman will yield to me for a moment, I
desire to show that in what I stated awhile ago,
though so strongly contradicted by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Basks,] I was
not mistaken. I refer now to a speech of Mr.
Gallatin, in the debates to be found on page
470 of the Annals of Congress, of lT'Jo-'JG.
He read a quotation from Blackstone, page
257, volume 1, to show that the power of treaty
making in England is as extensively vested in
the king as it possibly can be said to be here
in our Executive. He then proceeded to show
the operation of this limitation of the treaty-
makiug power in England by the practice of
Parliament. He says:
"Itwas always considered as discretionary with
Parliament to grant money to carry treaties into
effect or not, and to repeal or not to repeal laws that
interfere with them."
Again, on the next page, he says:
"On tho same principle the King of Great Britain,
when he mentioned the American treaty, promised
to lay it before them in proper season, that they might
judge ot tho piopiiety of enacting the necessary pro-
visions to carry it into effect.
"It remains to bo examined (said Mr. Gallatin)
whether we are to be in a worse situation than
Great Britain ; whether the House of Representatives
of the United States, the substantial and immediate
Kepresentatives of the American people, shall be
ranked below the British House of Commons;
whether the legislative power shall be swallowed up
by the treaty-making authority as contended for
here, though never claimed even in Great Britain."
I undertake to say, from my recollection of
this debate, that it was conceded the practice
was as I have stated it.
Mr. RAUM. In answer to the gentleman
allow me to quote from an authority found in
Story on the Constitution ; and I wish to be
brief in these quotations:
"The king of Great Britain is the sole and abso-
lute representative of tho nation in all foreign
transactions. He can,of iiisown accord, make treaties
of peace, commerce, alliance, and of every other
description." _ ********
"Every jurist of that kingdom, and every other
man acciuainted with its constitution, knows, as an
established fact, that the prerogative of making
treaties exists in the Crown in its utmost plenitude;
and that the compacts entered into by the royal au-
thority have the most complete legal validity and per-
fection, independent ofany other section. The Parlia-
ment, it is true, is sometimes seen employing itself
in altering the existing laws to conform them to the
stipulations in a newtrcaty; and ttiismayliavo pos-
sibly given birth to the imagina'ion, that its cooper-
ation was necessary to the obligatory oflicnoy of the
treaty. But this parliamentary interposition pro-
ceeds from a different cause; from the necessity of
adjusting a most artificial and intricate system of
revenue and commercial laws to the changes made
in them by the operation of the treaty; and of adopt-
ing new piovisions and precautions to the new state
o! things, to keep tho machine trom running into
disorder." * *   a "The one can per-
form aloncwhat the other can only do with the con-
currence of a branch of tho Legislature."
That is precisely the condition of affairs in
this country. While it is true the British
Crown possesses absolute and unrestricted
power to make treaties for Great Britain, the
President of the United States can only make
a treaty by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate. What, Mr. Chairman, is the bind-
ing efficacy of a treaty? This subject is most
exhaustively discussed in the Federalist. And
Mr. Hamilton there says that the only sanction
at best for the execution of a treaty is the good
faith of the country.
Now, sir, when 1 come to look at this treaty
made by the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, I come to the
conclusion that honor a-.d good faith demand
at the hands of the United States that the
treaty should be executed in the spirit in which
it was entered into.
Coming to the question as to the power of
the House of Representatives to determine the
propriety of executing the treaty, for it is noth-
ing more nor less than executing it, why, sir,
they have to exercise such a discretion in
respect to this subject that they would in ref-
erence to any other subject involving the ques-
tion of peace or war with a foreign country.
If the House of Representatives has the power
by any provision of the Constitution to nullify
a treaty it can only be through the exorcise of
those powers which are conferred upon'Con-
gress in the Constitution. Under the Consti-
tution Congress has the absolute power of
making war; and if a treaty is made requiring
an appropriation of money to execute it, and
the Congress of the United States, in the
examination of the subject, should come to
the conclusion that it would be better for this
country that we should break off our friendly
relations with the foreign nation with whom
the treaty was made rather than to appropriate
the necessary money to carry out the treaty, as
a matter of course, exercising the high pre-
rogative of the people of the United States,
they would have the control over the subject,
and might say, "We will not carry out this
treaty; we prefer to have your displeasure,
and to risk the consequences; and you must
either peacefully rescind the contract, or, if
you choose, settle the question by an appeal to
aims/'
Mr. Chairman, by reference to the Journal
of the Federal Convention you will see that our
forefathers, when they came to frame the Con-
stitution of the United States, discussed this
whole subject of the treaty-making power, and
after a most exhaustive debate they came to the
conclusion that they would confer that power
upon the President, to be exercised by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate. On the
7th of September, 1787, a proposition was made
to amend the second section of the second
article of the Constitution, which devolved
upon the President and Senate the treaty-mak-
ing power, so that the House of Representatives
should have a voice in the making of treaties.
It was proposed to confer upon the House of
Representatives the authority to join the Sen-
ate in ratifying treaties, but that proposition
was voted down by a large majority.
Now, sir, I undertake to say that the treaty-
making power, conferred as it is by the Con-
stitution upon the President and the Senate, is
a power which is to be exercised to the exclu-
sion of all interference by the House of Rep-
resentatives. And when this House shall
undertake to say that a contract made by the
President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, is not binding upon the people of
the United States until it is confirmed by the
House of Representatives, I say that it will be
doing violence to the landmarks of the Con-
stitution, and to all the memories which cluster
around the adoption of that sacred instrument.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Asingle
question. Suppose the contract imported a
declaration of war, or involved it by an alli-
ance offensive and defensive : what then ?
Mr. RAUM. I have an answer for the gen-
tleman from the Constitution itself. The Con-
stitution devolves upon Congress the war-
making power, and a treaty cannot be entered
into so as to absorb the powers which are dele-
gated to the Congress of the United States.
The President and Senate cannot make war;
that power is conferred upon the Congress of
the United States.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Then
am I to understand the gentleman as admit-
ting that in those cases where Congress has
power expressly conferred upon it its jurisdic-
tion remains untouched, anything in the treaty
made by the President and the Senate to the
contrary notwithstanding?
Mr. RAUM. I answer the gentleman by say-
ing that the powers which are delegated abso-
lutely to the Congress of the United States can-
not be executed by means of atreaty. But that
is not the question before the House. The ques-
tion is whether or not a contract made by the
President and the Senate shall bind the people
of this country when it is made in good faith?
Not whether the House of Representatives
may refuse to execute a treaty. But is a treaty
made in good faith, and which is within the
scope of the Constitution, binding upon the
people. I affirm that a contract thus fairly
and constitutionally made is binding upon the
good faith of this nation without the approval
of the House of Representatives.
Mr. Chairman, from the examination I have
given this subject I have come to the conclu-
sion that cases may arise where it would be the
duty of Congress to refuse to execute a treaty ;
and to refuse to execute is all it can do.
Congress does not ratify a treaty ; it has only,
to execute the contract. If a treaty, although
valid as being within the scope of the treaty-
making power, was to devolve certain enor-
mous consequences upon the country, such
as would prove ruinous or dangerous to exe-
cute it, I, as one of the Representatives of this
great people, would not hesitate to assume the
responsibility of refusing to execute it, and to
say to the foreign country, "You must not
insist upon its execution ; if you do we will go
to war with you if need be rather than exe-
cute it."
But, sir, what shall we say of a treaty made
in due form of law under all the sanctions of
the Constitution, and within the unequivocal
scope of the treaty-making power, when it is
within the reasonable power of the people of
the United States to execute it, when it does
not devolve upon them the performance of any
extraordinary duty or threaten any danger
whatsoever? What shall we say when the Rep-
resentatives of the people rise up in their places
and declare that they will not carry out in good
faith a treaty which the country is able to exe-
cute without doing any violence to its interests ?
Sir, as for me, I stand here ready to assist in
carrying out such a treaty. I believe we can
carry out this treaty not only without injury to
this country, but with positive good. 1 believe
in so doing we will aggregate to ourselves a
great territory which will be a benefit to us.
We will secure that distant territory which we
are destined to have, and which will be of vast
importance to us after the construction of our
great thoroughfares penetrating to the Pacific
coast.
