380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
tnuM necessarily be one of the very ques-
tions to be determined when the case comes
before the Court of Claims; but Attorney
General Speed did not seem to think so in one
class of cases ; and the various Secretaries of
the Treasury do not seem to have thought so,
and therefore they have thus acted. I do not
think there is any ground to censure the course
of these officers for what they have done in
that view of the law, because it is capable of
argument that that view is correct. In respect
to the external revenue, the law only authorizes
the customs officers to seize smuggled goods.
When they make a seizure the question, and
the only question, is, were the goods imported
with intent to violate the customs laws of
the United States? The practice, however,
has always been—I think it is contrary to law
6trictly—when the Treasury officers have dis-
covered that they have made a mistake, instead
of putting the Government to the expense of
fighting it through and getting a certificate of
discharge and probable cause, and putting the
Government to the expense of a large amount
of money in each case, to take the responsi-
bility of giving up the property. It may be a
Btretch of power, but it has always been done,
I believe. I think it is a stretch of power;
but it has been the practice. That is all there
is of this question.
Now, so far as the committee are concerned
os to what we are to investigate and to author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury to do, it is
proper that I should say that the only way in
which we came to be connected with this ques-
tion of who should receive anything at all wag
just simply this: we were instructed by a reso-
lution of the Senate to inquiry into the whole
history of this captured and abandoned property
business, and a sub-committee was appointed,
consisting in the first place of General Schenck
of the other House as its chairman, who has
since retired from the committee, and a Sen-
ator and a member of the House of Represent-
atives. General Schenck did thoroughly enter
upon that business and pursue it. Since he has
retired from the committee other gentlemen
have taken it in hand. In the course of their
investigations the committee found that this
•course of practice had been pursued, and that
cases were still pending undisposed of, four or
five or six of them. They immediately ad-
dressed a letter to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, requesting him not to act any further in
that direction, at least until the committee
should have investigated all the. circumstances
and become satisfied that it might do to wink
at what we considered to be this violation of
the law, so as to end it; and the Secretary of
the Treasury cheerfully and without any appa-
rent feeling of being injured said that he would
-do so with pleasure, and he has done so. Now
we are hearing those persons who are making
these claims, not as hating authority, as I view
it, to decide whether the Secretary of the Treas-
ury should pay them, but in order to inform
ourselves that we may' inform the Senate and
the House of Representatives what, in these
special cases that are now outlawed by the
letter of the statute, ought to be done as a mat-
ter of justice. And that is the whole of the
Story so far as I am concerned; so that, while
I am in favor of having all this money paid
into the Treasury and then paid out in the
tegular way for expenses and everything else
by warrants that shall go on the books and
records in the regular and proper way, I do
not think we should be justified, under the cir-
cumstances of these cases, and in view of the
course that has been pursued, in declaring that
the Secretory of the Treasury or any of his pre-
decessors has been guilty of any such impro-
priety, considering the analogy in the case of
external revenue seizures that has been prac-
ticed upon, as to warrant our condemnation,
while we wish to put a stop to the practice; I
certainly do as much as anybody can.
Mr. CONNESS. I only rise to say that
upon reading the joint resolution whieh is
before the Senate I do not understand where
the honorable Senator who has just taken his
seat finds the warrant for saying that in its
passage there will be a censure upon any of
the Secretaries 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not say that. I
alluded to remarks that had been made here.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator says he did
not say that. I understood him when up to
say that pressing this subject at this time would
amount to a censure of Mr. Chase, Mr. Fes-
senden, and the present Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not understand
S myself to say anything of the kind. I did not
intend to say it.
Mr. CONNESS. I so understood the Sen-
ator, and upon that understanding I was about
, to say that I do not see in the language of the
joint resolution, as proposed by the House of
Representatives ana passed by that body, any-
thing to justify such a statement. It is a sim-
ple provision that moneys held in the Treasury
in abeyance, subject to investigation .by that
Department, shall be paid into the Treasury
proper and be subject to warrant thereafter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is perfectly clear;
but the preamble to the resolution would seem
| to imply that what has been done is lawful,
i which I do not agree to.
Mr. CONNESS. I find in the amendment
| offered by the honorable Senator from Ver-
j mont the only warrant for what I understood
I him to say this proceeding was, namely, a con-
i demnation of these officers; because his amend-
I ment proposes in addition a denunciation of
fine and imprisonment against any officer who
fails to do what this resolution proposes. In
| the face of his amendment, I do not really
understand why the honorable Senator is op-
posed to the passage of the resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not. I am in favor
of it, and have been all the time.
Mr. CONNESS. Well, Mr. President, I
confess I was at a loss when the honorable Sen-
ator spoke.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator misunder-
stood me, or else I did not know what I was
saying.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President-*—
Mr. SHERMAN. It is evident there can be
no vote on this subject to-night, as the Senator
from Maine has indicated a desire to address
the Senate hereafter on the question. I trust
we shall take up no more time with it now ; and
if I have the floor I move to postpone the con-
sideration of this joint resolution with a view
to take up the bill with regard to the contrac-
tion of the currency. No ; I will not make that
motion ; but I move to lay this, matter on the
On that motion I call for the
I thought I was entitled to the
table.
Mr. HOWE.
yeas and nays.
floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. IftheSenatorinsistsupon
debating the matter I do not wish to stand in
his way; but he will have the floor when the
subject comes np again, and he cannot cer-
tainly expect to get a vote to-day. I appeal
to the SeBate whether we ought not to proceed
with matters on which we can get a definite
vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The resolution ought
not to~ be laid' on the table. We want this
money paid into the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Maine
has already stated that he wishes to be heard,
and he is not now prepared to discuss the ques-
tion.
Mr. HOWE. I suppose the pending ques-
tion is not strictly debatable, but if the Sen-
ator from Ohio is willing that I should at any
time spend a few moments in the discussion
of this resolution it certainly cannot prejadice
the public business more for me to spend those
moments now than at any fature occasion;
and what I say to-day I will give good bond
that I will never say again on the floor of the
Senate. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw the motion
to lay on the table, at the suggestion of others,
and move simply to postpone this resolution,
with a view to take np the bill I have mentioned.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to postpone.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That motion having
been made, 1 will say a word in reply to the
Senator from Vermont, who seemed to sup-
pose that the question was in regard to cen-
suring former Secretaries of the Treasury.
That is not the proposition at all; nor is it
my object. My object was to show that this
money ought to be paid into the Treasury, that
the law required it to be paid in, and that
this resolution ought to pass. We all agree
upon that, and I am sorry to see any disposi-
tion on the part of the Senator from Ohio to
give this matter the go-by. We tried to get
this resolution passed before the holidays, but
it was crowded off by another matter, and now
the extraordinary motion is made in the Sen-
ate, which I believe I scarcely ever knew to
be made before, to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is withdrawn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know it is withdrawn,
or else I could not have the floor now ; but I
merely rose to reply to the suggestion of the
Senator from Vermont, that somebody was
wanting to censure the Secretaries of the
Treasury. I have no such object. I think
the construction is wrong that they have put
upon the law; he thinks so; and I tried to
show in the opening of my remarks that the
only object I had in view was to correct what
seemed to me to be an unwarranted exercise
of power on the part of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and to have this money paid into
the Treasury of the United States at once. I
think this resolution ought to have been passed
long ago.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I suppose I
might as well say what I have to say on the
question of postponement, for it is really a post-
ponement that 1 object to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will
allow me to withdraw the motion to postpone
and I will make no effort at all. I withdraw
the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion then is on the amendment to the joint res-
olution offered by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. HOWE. Well, Mr. President, I some-
times think that wrong-doing does not consist
go much in what is done as it does in who does
it. Unless I take a very erroneous view of the
conduct exhibited in the report which has been
under discussion here, it does seem to me that
nobody but a Secretary of the United States
could have exhibited such conduct and still
find a home among the American people. I
do not mean to stand here and say that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury has been wilfully corrupt,
but unless I am tolerably mistaken he does show
such a perverted use of the public funds as no
other fiscal agent of the Government ever has
shown and as it seems to me no other fiscal
agent would ever dare show.
This resolution is a resolution directing him,
in substance, as I understand, to cover into
the Treasury whatever funds there may be
under his control derived from the several acts
of Congress which have been referred to dur-
ing the debate touching the disposition of cap-
tured and abandoned cotton; and the question
arises as to what that thing is which the reso-
lution asks to have done, what it is to " cover
money into the Treasury." The Constitution,
I think very wisely, provided at the very in-
ception of the Government "that no tooney
shall be drawn from the Treasury but in con-
sequence of appropriations made by law," and
I suppose the process of covering money into
the Treasury is to put money into that peculiar
predicament from which it can only be rescued
by an appropriation made by law.
Now I think it will be manifest that every
dollar of money belonging to the Government
of the United States ought to be in that pre-
dicament if any ought to be. Such has been
the universal understanding of Congress; and
so they have required from time to time that
all the moneys should be paid into the Treas-
ury—should be put into this predicament. It
is but a few years since tbey expressly provided
