1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
881
by law that all the moneys collected from im-
posts, without any abatement for the expenses
of collection or tor any other reason should,
be paid into the Treasury, and you appro-
priate from year to year for the expenses of
those collections. Two or three years since a
similar statute was passed requiring all the
internal revenue to be paid into the Treasury
without any abatement. So now I believe
you provide by appropriations, or you would
under that statute provide by appropriations,
for the expenses of collecting the internal
revenue.
But under these acts of Congress for the
collection and disposal of captured and aban-
doned cotton, the Secretary of the Treasury
tells you there has been realized about thirty-
four millions of money; and just how much
of that has ever been paid into the Treasury
I do not understand from his report. He
says there remains of those proceeds as net
proceeds about twenty-four millions. I was
inclined to infer from that that $24,000,000
had been paid into the Treasury. If he means
to fay that., and if that is the fact, then I sup-
pose $24,000,000 have been placed beyond his
control, been placed where they can only be
reached in pursuance of appropriations made
by law. Ten millions, it would seem, have not
been placed there ; and whatever we may think
about it in these modern days $10,000,000 is
considerable of a sum.
Mr. President, I am not talking about how
much the Secretary has in his pocket, or how
much he has in the pockets of his friends, or
how much he may have within what he may
consider his control to-day. I was simply say-
ing that there were $10,000,000 which, accord-
ing to this statement,, never had been put into
the Treasury, and therefore never had been
placed where your appropriations could reach
them, or where your authority could protect
them. That is the fact, and I was trying to
make the Senate feel that $10,000,000 was a
pretty handsome sum to be at the disposal of
one man. It would make me independent.
[Laughter.] Of course I do not expect the
Senate to be alarmed in these days at knowing
that only the paltry sum of $10,000,000 has
been held under the control of one of its offi-
cers, subject to be disposed of as he saw fit,
and disposed of for the most part to those
whom lie deemed fit. We have been in the
habit of dealing with these immense sums so
long that it is hardly becoming the dignity of
Congress, perhaps, to take much pains in look-
ing after the bagatelle of $10,000,000; but I
do understand that he has had this sum under
his control, and that in some way he has dis-
posed of it with or without the authority of
law; without the authority of law it is argued
here; without any authority of law I must
insist; in direct defiance of law seems to me
very plain. Indeed, I understand the Senator
from Vermont to admit that. I do not know
that any Senator on this floor controverts that
position.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not admit it. I
assert it.
Mr. HOWE. I understand the Senator from
Vermont to do a better thing—assert it. I do
not know that anybody controverts the propo-
sition that $10,000,000 have been disposed of
in direct defiance of the laws of the United
States. That is a pretty grave statement to
make. If I had made it upon any authority
short of that of the Secretary of the Treasury
himself I should hold that it was necessary for
me to be sustained by very strong proofs. But
we cannot avoid the conclusion, and we can-
not shut our eyes to the fact, when the Secre-
tary comes forward and tells us so himself, tells
the Congress of the United States, "I have
had $10,000,000 of your money, and I have
disposed of it without authority of law, in
defiance of the law."
Mr. President, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury cannot pay your salary nor the salary of
any officer of the Government nor of any mem-
ber on this floor without the assent of Cnn-
gresB, without an appropriation made by law.
If he did it and paid no more than your just
salary, what would be said of his conduct?
What would be done about it? Would he be
allowed to remain in that office ? Suppose he
happened to pay you double your salary ftnd
do it without any appropriation of law, then
would he be allowed to remain in office? I
can only ask the questions, because in view of
what I see here 1 am utterly unable to answer
them. I do not know but that he would be
allowed to remain in his office let his disburse-
ments be what they might; and I do not know
but that he would be defended. Only this is
certain, that he has disposed of this sum of
money, and he has disposed of it in defiance
of the law of the land. Whether it has gone
to the right owners or not is a question, of
course, that we cannot definitely settle upon
the evidence before us; and yet I think there
are some very strong reasons for us to infer
that the right owners have not received this
money. My own belief is that a large portion
of it belongs in the Treasury to-day. The
grounds of that belief I will state by and by;
but the first feature of this report to which I
wish to advert is that on the 4th and 5th pages,
in which the Secretary gives us a statement of
the amount of the cotton and the proceeds of
cotton which have been administered by him
and his agents, and which be says was volun-
tarily abandoned by its owners. In explana-
tion of this table he gives us this note:
" Note.—In reference to this statement it is proper
to say that certain agents, acting under a misap-
prehension of the instructions of tho Department,
induced owners of cotton to bring in and voluntarily
abandon it, on the assurance that the same or its
proceeds would be restored on application to the
Department. Therefore, in any particular case, uptm
due proof, and where tho agent who received the
property certified that he had given such assurances,
Secretary Chase directed its release or the payment
of its proceeds, considering that neither justice nor
good faith wananted the retention by the Govern-
ment of property thus voluntarily confided to its
protection."
Under that bead there were disposed of two
thousand two hundred and seven bales of cot-
ton, and moneys amounting to $010,843 44.
I am not going to argue as to the propriety
of returning this cotton and this money when
it was established that the cotton had been
received upon the assurance of the Treasury
agents that it or its proceeds should be restored.
This is the fact to which I think the Secretary's
attention ought to be directed, and the atten-
tion of Congress and of the country ought to
be directed: that this practice went on by these
Treasury agents for nearly two years. The law
nnder which they acted directed them to col-
lect cotton which was either abandoned by its
owners or had been captured by the military
forces—only those two kinds. It would seem
impossible that an agent could have misunder-
stood the law. The Secretary does not say that
1 they misunderstood the law, but that they mis-
understood the instructions. Under this law,
or under these instructions, I understand from
this note that the agents, in addition to collect-
ing cotton which they thought was abandoned,
I or cotton which they knew was captured, turned
' themselves into brokers and became brokers
j of cotton for the owners in those communities,
receiving it to sell upon the assurance that the
! proceeds should be returned to the owners;
j and that this was allowed by the Secretary for
j something like two years. It is conceivable
| that instructions may have issued which the
agents would misunderstand; but it seems to
me that when the first case was brought to the
attention of the Secretary of the Treasury he
should have made the agents understand that
they were not licensed as cotton-brokers by the
act of 1863, but simply as collectors of these
two kinds of cotton.
The next table in this report is that contain-
ing the "cotton claims adjudicated by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, exclusive of claims for
cotton voluntarily abandoned," that is, exclu-
sive of claims in the table to which I have just
referred; and this table showB that the Secre-
tary has returned to claimants of cotton six
thousand three hundred and fifty*six bales of
cotton, and thathe has paid back outof moneys
which ought to have been in the Treasury, from
which no dollar could be drawn but by an
appropriation made by law, $1,018,459 83. It
is very true, no harm is done if the men who
have received this money and this cotton are
the men who really owned the cotton, and if
they were the description of men included in
the statutes; if they were really the friends
of the Government, and not its enemies. Bat,
sir, I do think that, let the personal disposi-
tions of the Secretary of the Treasury be what
they may, he is almost the last agent or trib-
unal in the world to undert|ke to try the
question of the loyalty, the question of the
good faith or of the good conduct of one who
5 is an entire stranger to him and lives very
! of remote from him. The legitimate duties
the Secretary of the Treasury must engross
nearly his whole time; I think in point.of
fact they would engross his whole time. He
j cannot bestow the attention necessary to the
determination of a question about which it is
: so easy to be mistaken, as to whether an indi-
j vidual was loyal or disloyal in 1862, 18(33, 1864,
or 1865. Aad yet that is the question which the
; Secretary of the Treasury has undertaken to
determine in this large number of cases, cover-
! ing several pages of this report. It is a question
which, as we have seen, it is admitted is by
; statute directly referred to another tribunal—a
court of law ; a court which acts upon legal
testimony; a court which adjudges upon testi-
mony taken upon notice to both parties, and
a court in which there are two parties to bo
heard.
The inquiry has been suggested, who looks
after the interests of the United States in that
court? Let me ask who there was to look
after the interests of the United States in the
adjudications before the Secretary of the Treas-
ury ? I certainly do not know, unless it was
the Secretary himself; and he certainly could
not take testimony; he must act upon such
testimony as the claimant presented to him;
and if he should have made mistakes in these
adjudications I should think it would not be
considered very marvelous.
The Senator from Illinois, who took his seat
not long since, expressed a belief that a good
deal of this money had been paid to parties
who were disloyal. I have some evidence, or
some information, which leads me to believe
that he was entirely right in makiug that state-
ment. Only yesterday a person residing in
Georgia called at the room of the Committee
on Claims in reference to a claim that she said
she had been prosecuting before the Treasury
Department for some of this money; and
ascertaining that the claimant lived in Georgia
and would probably know some of the other
claimants, I took occasion to have the clerk of
the committee question her as to what she did
know about them, and I have here some of her
answers:
I find on one page of this report that the
sum of $13,151 3'J was allowed by the Secre-
tary in 1865 to a person of whom this witness
says she was a follower of the rebel army, that
whenever our Army approached to her resi-
dence she left her residence and followed the
rebel army for protection. Her expression was
that "she was a follower of the rebel army,
kept with them." On the same page 1 find
that $28,201 28 was allowed to a person of
whom this same party says that he lives within
two and a half miles from Georgia, was a cap-
tain of militia during the war, and as active a
rebel as there was in the neighborhood.
Again, I find $10,109 03 allowed to a party
of whom this witness says he was the worst
rebel in Eome, Georgia; that immediately
after the surrender of the rebel armies he hur-
ried back to Home, gathered up some negroes,
went south, and sold them. Another allowance
of a small amount, $962 28 only, was made to
a party who this person says owned mdls in
northern Georgia, and when our armies ap-
proached northern Georgia he abandoned his
mills and his home and followed the rebel army
into the southern part of the State. T find an
allowance of $4,212 36 made to a party who
