1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2789
me, depends upon a clear statement of the law
and of the Constitution of the country upon
these two points. I pause for a reply.
Mr. MORGAN next addressed the House.
Without concluding, he yielded to
Mr. KERR. Has it been determined to
have a session to-night?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It has not.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I move that the House
do now adjourn. The gentleman from Ohio
would prefer to finish his speech in the morn-
ing, and there certainly is no quorum here.
Air. MORGAN. I am sorry my argument
lias had the effect of emptying the seats on the
Republican side of the House. How much
more time have I ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man has twenty-two minutes.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I trust that we shall close
the debate to-night, so that the vote may be
taken in the morning.
Mr. MORGAN. I am unwilling to make
my speech to empty chairs. I am very anxious
that gentlemen should understand what they
are voting on -when the vote is taken. When
they assume the responsibility I wish them to
understand what the responsibility is.
The question was taken on Mr. Eldhidge's
motion, and it was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at five o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.J the
House afljourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of laboring
men at the national cemetery at Fredericks-
burg, Virginia, late United States soldiers, for
an increase of their pay.
Also, the petition of citizens of Nueces
• county, Texas, for a division of said State.
By Mr. BEAMAN : The remonstrance of
Russell & Angel, of Adrian, Michigan, against
the renewal of the patent of Anson Atwood, for
an improvement in cast iron car-wheels.
By Mr. BUCKLAND: The petition of
Wayne & Houk, and others manufacturers of
cigars and dealers in cigars and tobacco, of
Tiffin, Ohio, against the increase of the tax
on cigars, and ior a change of the system of
collecting the revenue on cigars.
_ By Mr. CULLOM: The petition of sundry
citizens of Bloomington, Illinois, asking that
the tax on cigars be retained as it is, and that
the tax be collected by the use of revenue
stamps.
By Mr. ECKLEY : The petition ofthe cigar-
makers of Nellsville, Ohio, remonstrating
against the proposed change in the tax on
cigars.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of O. R.
Goodno, George E. Dowliug, J. D. Pullman,
S. II. Lasley, and 28 others, praying for the
establishment of a mail route from Montague,
in Muskeegan county, via Brown's Mills, Steb-
biusville, llesperia, and Maitinsburg, to Stan-
ley, in Newaygo county, Michigan.
By Mr. GLiOSSBRENNER : A memorial of
John T. Tait, William M. Abbey, and others,
a committee on behalf of the Philadelphia
tobacco trade, remonstrating against certain
proposed changes in the internal revenue tax
upon tobacco and cigars.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut: A
remonstrance of sundry citizens of Enfield,
Connecticut, against increase of tax on cigars.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia: The
petition of Thomas Jefferson and SO other per-
sons, citizens of Wheeling, West Virginia,
engaged in the manufacture of cigars, repre-
senting that the increase of tax on cigars from
five to ten dollars per thousand will be very
injurious to the business of those engaged in
the manufacture of cigars from tobacco ol home
growth, and asking that the tax on that kind
ol cigars be reduced rather than increased.
By Mr. JUDD: The petition of John C.
Patridge & Co. and others, asking that the
present tax oa cigars be retained.
By Mr. LINCOLN: The petition of Dwight
G. Hull, asking that sailors in the United
States Navy have bounty money allowed them.
By_Mr. MAYNARD: The petition of John
C. Richard, of No. GO John street, New York,
praying a reduction in the duty on imported
lead pencils and colored crayons in wood.
By Mr. MOORHEAD: The petition, of
George B. Lindsay and 100 others, journeymen
cigar-makers of the city of Pittsburg and its
vicinity, protesting against the provisions of
the new tax bill which require a bond for
$2,000 and $100 additional for each hand
employed; also, against the license of one dol-
lar per year for cigar-makers, but approving
of the tax of five dollars per thousand.
By Mr. NICHOLSON: The petition of
Henry Fothergill and 71 others, workers in iron
at Wilmington, Delaware, representing that the
industry of the country is paralyzed for want
of protection against the cheaper capital and
labor of foreign countries, and praying that
Congress will resume consideration of the
tariff bill which was passed by the Senate, but
failed in the House March, 18fi7, for want of
time, and enact it into a law at the earliest
practicable moment.
Also, the petition of William Maxwell and
35 others, cotton-spinners of Wilmington,
Delaware, complaining that the productive
interests of the country are suffering and its
industry paralyzed for want of efficient protec-
tion against the cheaper capital and labor of
foreign countries, ana praying that Congress
will resume consideration ofthe tariff bill which
passed the Senate, but failed in the House
March, 1867, and enact it into a law at the
earliest practicable moment.
Also, the petition of carriage-makers in the
State of Delaware, representing that the pro-
ductive interests of the country are suffering
for want of efficient protection against the
cheaper labor and capital of foreign countries,
and praying that Congress will resume consid-
eration of the tariff bill which failed in the
House of Representatives, March. 1HC7, and
enact it into a law at the earliest practicable
moment.
By Mr. SELYE : A remonstrance of cigar-
makers and tobacco-growers in the county of
Monroe, State of New York, praying that no
higher rate of taxes be imposed than is now
required by law.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 3, 18G8.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. L>.
On motion of Mr. MORTON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
riSTITIOKS and MEMORIALS.
Mr. DRAKE. I present the memorial of
the presidents of more than fifty railroad com-
panies, praying Congress to extend the sub-
sidy of the Union Pacific railway, eastern
division, upon the terms proposed m the bill
therefor, now pending in Congress. And, Mr.
President, I ask that the Senate would so far
depart from its accustomed practice in cases
of this kind as to allow this memorial to be
printed. The subject is one of great import-
ance, and the persons that sign it are persons
representing great interests; and. if there
no objection, 1 move thai the memorial be
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE presented the petition of Perry
McDonough Collins, of California, praying
aid for a project for a telegraph, by way of the
North Pacific ocean to Asia, by a subsidy for
Government business, by conferring exclusive
rights of way from 54° i0/ north latitude to
and including the island of Attan, and a survey
and soundings of the proposed route : which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FESSKNDEN. 1-desire to present the
memorial of E. R. Knorr, hydrographer, pray-
ing that all the plates bought from E. & G. W.
Blunt by the honorable Secretary of the Navy be
destroyed, and that in place of them new charts,
not copies of the Enghsh, but improvements on
them, be prepared from reliable data: and he
sets forth what he states to be facts in regard
to tiiein rendering such course expedient in
Ins judgment. As these plates seem to be in
the possession ofthe Navy Department, I sup-
pose it would be as well to refer the memorial
to the Committee on Naval Affairs; and I make
that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a letter addressed
by the Secretary of State to the chairman of
the Committee oil Finance, transmitting cor-
respondence with the State Department in re-
lation to the injurious effect upon the Nova
Scotia coal trade occasioned by the abrogation
of the reciprocity treaty ; which was ordered
to be printed.
UK POUTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom -was re-
ferred the joint resolution (S. II. No. 119)
authorizing the Secretary of War to take charge
ofthe Gettysburg and Autietam national cem-
eteries. reported it without amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, reported amendments to be proposed
to the bill (S. No. 180) relating to United
States notes which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. 'H1UMBULL, lrom the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 509) in addition to an act passed March
26, 1804, entitled "An act in addition to an
act entitled 'An act for the punishment of
certain crimes against the United States,'"
reported it with amendments.
dills introduced.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 512) gianting land to the Iowa and Mis-
souri State Line Raihoad Company, and for
other purposes ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE aoked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 140) relating to traveling expenses of
California and Nevada volunteers ; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to introduce a bill to remove
the disability of certain citizens of Georgia.
I move its reference to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and 1 would say to the committee
that these persons have been elected to the
Legislature and other offices in that State, and
it is important that the bill should be acted
upon at the earliest possible moment.
By unanimous consent leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 511) to remove the
disability of certain citizens of Georgia ; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will remark, in reply
to what was said by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. that the committee have been engaged
upon that subject, and have directed a bill to
be reported, which I suppose one of the mem-
bers of the committee will report this morning.
Mr. WILSON. As to Georgia?
Mr. TltUMBULL. As to several of the
States ; but this is a very grave subject. There
are perhaps a thousand names before the Sen-
ate, and it has been with a great deal of diffi-
culty that we have been able to ascertain suf-
ficient facts so as to act intelligently in regard
to them. There is a disposition in the com-
mittee, I believe, with all its members, to act
liberally in this respect; but wo receive inform-
ation both ways in regard to a great many-
persons, and it is a matter that is involved in
a good deal of difficulty, and it lias taken some
time and much labor to investigate the various
names that have been sent to us.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say in regard
to this bill that it includes only such persons
as have been elected under the constitution to
office in that State, and the Legislature itself
