1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL "GLOBE.
265
40m Cow....2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. Hulburd-.
Ho. of Reps.
representatives of ten States, in violation of
the Constitution of the United States, which
each of its members had sworn ta support, and
which provides:
"No State shall be deprived of its representation
in Congress except by its own consent."
And which further provides :
"The Ilcuse of Representatives shallbe composed
of members elected every second year by the people
of the several States."
Au<l which, in addition to these, provides:
" The House of Representatives shall have the sole
power o 1 impeachment."
in violation of each and all of these require-
ments of the Constitution, and after having ex-
cluded from Congress the representatives often
millions of tlieir countrymen, they then, in the
House of Representatives and in the name of
all the neopleof the United States, impeached
Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, of high crimes and misdemeanors, pre-
ferring the same at the bar of a Senate in
which the representatives of ten States have
been denied admittance, and which Senate
assumes all the powers and prerogatives of the
Senate of the United States, in violation of
the Constitution, which provides:
"The Senate of the United States shall bo composed
of two Senators from each State, chosen by theLegis-
lafure thereof, for six years; and each Senator shall
have one vote."
In violation of the Constitution of the United
States, which provides " The Senate shall have
the sole power to try all impeachments," this
pariinl assemblage of Senators, after having
hushed the voice of ten States in their council,
proceed to try and vote upon the guilt or
inrocence of the President ofthe United States,
assuming to themselves the power to degrade
him fioin his high office, and by their verdict
elevate their own Presiding Officer to the power
and dignity of his position. I repeat the pro-
ceedings of this day will be pointed to by the
future historian as another example of the
unhappy effect which revolutions induce upon
the human mind, and it may be for him to
point to us asauotherevidence of man's incapa-
city (o govern himself and the events of this
hour as another step in the decline and fall of
a great Republic. Cut I have a better hope
foe the country than this, f still have confi-
dence that with the people there is safety, and
that when the judgment of this House and of
the Senate shall be reviewed by the people of
this great Republic, they will administer to
their Representatives a rebuke which will effect-
ually put to silence that which much is heard.
Impeaiiiraent.
SPEECH OF HON. C. T. HULBTTHX),
of new youk,
Is tiie House op Representatives,
February 24, 1868,
On the resolution reported by the Committee on
Reconstruction for the impeachment of tlie Presi-
dent.
Mr. HULBURD. Mr. Speaker, I desiie the
indulgence of the House the few moments
allotted mo to state with utmost brevity some
reasons impelling me to vote as I shall on this
occasion. I the more desire this opportunity
in i hat hitherto I have steadily, though quietly,
resitted the conclusion now forced upon us and
the action consequent thereupon.
When the impeachment of the President was
first formally brought before the House by the
Judiciary Committee I voted against a contin-
uance of the prosecution, or a further consid
eialion of the subject at that time. This was
done, not that I did not then believe the Pres-
ident quite likely more than once had over-
stepped the law; not but that I thought in the
unprecedented turmoil of the times more than
once he had trenched very considerably upon
the spirit, if not the very letter of the Consti-
tution. I confess, however, I was slow to be-
lieve that, deliberately, persistently, he pur-
posed such violations. 1 did not, therefore,
teel like imputing criminality for-what might
but have been an error of judgment or an un-
considered inadvertence; I did not feel like
-hastily putting on trial—and a most damaging
trial 1 knew it must be, however it technically
eventuated—the Chief Magistrate of this na-
tion. Others may make light of such a .spec-
tacle : others, as was said by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] may feel that 11 itis
not a solemn occasion," to arraign as a criminal
before all the people of the United States the
constitutional head of this great representative
Government, the only existing Government
whose free institutions have made it the envy
and the jealoftsy of the peoples and the poten-
tates of the universal world. I am not ashamed
to confess I contemplate such a spectacle and
the results with sorrow and solemnity, and
great humiliation of soul. Yet to-day, pene-
trated with the conviction that it must needs
be, 1 bow in acquiescence, and take my hum-
ble place in the procession of this day's mo-
mentous proceedings.
I do not propose to catalogtiethe President's
minor malfeasances, short-comings, or over-
steppings. I freely admit that the rile which cir-
cumstances have compelled him to enact has
been unprecedented, mostdiversilied, and most
difficult. But he will not be tried formeredere-
lictions, party-wise or political; but for "high
crimes and misdemeanors" positively com-
mitted against the laws and Constitution of his
country.
He will not be arraigned for his unparalleled
and profligate exercise of the pardoning power
in behalf of deserters, rebels, and counter-
feiters ; he will not be ariaigued for removing
loyal, upright, and faithful officials, and ap-
pointing in their stead and retaining in office
incompetent, flagitious, and corrupt men, ob-
sequiously zealous only to do his bidding; lie
will not, be arraigned for surrendering millions
of public properly to unsliriven and unrepent-
ing traitors, without compensation, right, or
reason, or cause, save his own autocratic will.
Passing over all such petty peccadilloes in his
executive career, I might, perhaps, instance
as deserving impeachment his usurpation and
continued exercise ofpolitical—perhaps! ought
rather to say legislative—functions clearly out-
side of the executive prerogative. I refer par-
ticularly to his management of the rebel States
from and after the collapse of the rebellion.
Whether this chiefest feature of his " policy"
will be made one of the counts of his impend-
ing indictment. I know not. The people have
already passed upon it in accord with the say-
ing ofthe wise mail of old, "in the multitude
of counselors there is safety," more than in
the heart of one ruler, though that ruler should
proclaim himself a modern Moses.
It is true there is nowhere found in the Con-
stitution a " thus saith," directing how States
in such an exigency should be treated, for the
reason the framers of the Constitution never
seriously contemplated the probability of such
an emergency. But there had been more than
one judicial deliverance by the Supreme Court
of the United States setting forth clearly that
the recognition and supervision of organic,
; political power for, of, and in the States, bc-
; longed to and inhered solely in the Federal
; Legislature, the Congress of the United States.
| The citation of one example will suffice, and
i that shall be the famous Rhode Island case,
j reported in 7 Howard, and the words shall be
those of Chief Justice Taney:
"Moreover, the Constitution of the United States,
as far as it has provided for an emergency of this
kind and suthoriacd the General Government to
interfere in the domestic concerns of a State, has
treated the subject as political in its nature, and
placod the power in the hands of that department.
Xhefouith section of tho fourth artielo of the Con-
stitution of Ihe United States provides that 'the
United Siates shall guaranty to every State in the
Unioy n republican form of government.' &c. Under
this article o£ the Constitution itrc^ts with CdDSrress
to decide what government is tho established one in
a State." * ■" ~ And its decision is
binding on every other department of theGovern-
ment, and could not be questioned in a judicial tri-
bunal." 1 ■ ' • • -
, Further on in this opinion the CMef Justice
takes occasion to say :
"Unquestionably a militaj-y government, estab-
lished as the permanent government of the State,
would not be a republioan government, audit would
be the duty of Congress to overthrow it."
The Constitution says, in the first section of
its first article:
"AI1 legislative powers herein granted' shall be
vested in a Congress of the United States," &e.
The fourth section of the fifth article de-
clares :
"The United States shall guaranty t&every State
in thisUnion a republican form of government," &c.
A section of the first article, in enumerating
some of the powers to be exercised by Con-
gress, contains this authorization:
" Tho Congress shall have power to make all law3
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into
execution the foregoine powers, and all other pow-
ers vested by this Constitution in the Government
of the United States," &c.
I think it appears from these clauses of the
Constitution, and from Chief Justice Taney's
exposition, that Congress had, beyond ques-
tion, supreme jurisdiction over the insurrec-
tionary States on the collapse of the rebellion;
that disorganized and anarchized by tho rebel-
lion and its chaotic collapse ever thereafter,
and until properly reconstructed and restored
and in full Federal accord, the sole right of
determining when, and how far forth, each
rebel State had such "form of government"
as guarantied by the Constitution, "rests with
Congress" alone; that the right of setting aside
or "overthrowing" any other "form of gov-
ernment" by the Constitution inhered in Con-
gress alone. If, then, a necessity seemed to
exist justifying the President in setting up, in
the first instance, State governments in the
rebel States, that necessity, of course, ceased
to exist on the coming together of Congress,
when and to whom the whole subject of the
political condition and government of those
States of right should have been referred.
No doubt, at first, Mr. Johnson entertained
such views and purpose. Such, too, were the
declared views of some of his Cabinet. Had
the President, on the surrender of Lee, con-
vened Congress with all convenient dispatch
and devolved upon it the management of the
insurgent States, however matters were treated,
his responsibility would have ceased. Had he
even, on the assembling of Congress at the next
regular session in December, turned over to it
the whole subject of reorganization and recon-
struction, and thenceforth forborne all further
personal and official intervention therein and
thereabouts save as required by law, doubt-
less he would have been held blameless. He
chose to take a different course. He inaugu-
rated his policy of reconstruction—a policy
directly, if not designedly, tending to the re-
instating and reestablishing as the controlling,
governing element in all the South unpurgeu,
unrepenting, remorseless, red-handed rebels.
I pause not to speculate on his motives ; I have
no time to set forth the bitter, bloody fruits
which have sprung from the loins of this un-
toward. misbegotten "policy." Suffice it to
say robbery, rapine, riot, unpunished murder,
in no local or stinted streams, have flowed in
every section of southern soil ungualded by
" the boys in blue" so be, a loyal freedman or
a " Union white," had property to tempt or an
unprotected life to lose. The close connec-
tion of the Memphis and New Orleans riots
with the purposes, if not the expectations, of
the President sliockcd the sense of the nation.^
No wonder he sought to escape the odium of
this complicity. The subterfuges,^transparent
as mean, availed liiin nothing. _ Lxposed and
rebuked, and even warned, he did not desist or
, slacken in the prosecution of his " policy,
i! Nay, for aught known to tho country or to this
