3814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
one railroad? The roads from Baltimore, from
Philadelphia, from New York, and from Bos-
ton westward are no more necessary now than
an equal number of lines of railroad to the
Pacific will be at a very early period. We
must have more than one Pacific railroad.
We must have a northern Pacific railroad.
We must have the Kansas Pacific railroad.
And we must have the International Pacific
railroad provided for in House bill No. 847,
from Cairosouthwestthrough Missouri, Arkan-
sas, and Texas, striking Mexico on the Rio
Grande, and reaching the Pacific coast at San
BlasorMazatlan. The construction of all these
railroads will aid in the aggrandizement of this
great Republic by possessing the trade which
must inevitably be developed on the Pacilie
ocean. And now, sir, in view of the existence
of the law governing the treaty-making power
as I have presented it, in view of the fact that
good faith requires us to execute this treaty,
and in view of the great, law of expansion which
must control the destiny of this country, I am
ready to cast my vote for this bill to consum-
mate the purchase of Alaska.
Mr. BANKS. I want to read a single ex-
tract from the document on Russian America,
which was printed by order of the House, in
reference to Major Kennicutt's passage through
this country :
" In consequence of tins succKestion he ultimately
undertook, eight years since, his first trip by Lakes
Superior, Wnmcpeg, Athabasca, and Ureat Slave
lake down to i'ort Simpson, where he spout the first
winter; thence down the Slacken zie to the tidewaters
of its deltas; thence up the Pearl river to l,lort JVIc-
Vherson; thence over the Porcupine mountains, the
northern termination ot the ltocky mountains, to the
J)orcupino river, and down to its junction wirh tho
Yukon, on the one hundred ami forty-seventh degree
Ot west longitude, where the British fur company
have a large post over a degree on Russian territory."
There he died, and his dead body was carried
down to Beliring strait.
Mr. WILLIAMS, ot'Pennsylvania. Thegen-
tleman is mistaken; it was on adifferent expe-
dition.
Air. BANKS. The gentleman is correct.
Mr. WILLIAMS, ot' Pennsylvania. I did
not dispute the fact that he had been as far as
the junction of the Yukon and the Porcupine,
but that the territory between the junction of
those two rivers and New Labrador, a distance
of otic thousand miles, was unexplored.
Mr. BANKS. It has been explored, but
Major Kennicutt died before making his report.
If he had lived lie would have given us inval-
uable testimony of this territory.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I say
that the country was never explored, and we
have never had any report of it.
Mr. BANKS. There was no report, because
Major Kennicutt died before he could make it.
1 move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to ; and the commit-
tee accordingly rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Garfield reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had, according to order, had the
special order under consideration, being House
bill No. 1096, makingan appropriation ofmoney
to carry into effect the treaty with Russia of
March CO, 1807, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I report back from the
Committee on Reconstruction a bill (H. It.
No. 13-35) for the removal of certain disabili-
ties from the persons therein named. 1 move
that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at five o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.j
the House adjourned.
PETITION.
The following- "petition was presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittee ;
By Mr. GARFIELD: The petition of Charles
E. Broylos, of Dalton, Georgia, for the removal
of political disabilities.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 8, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Ghat, D. D.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter of the Secretary of the
Interior communicating a letter from the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in relation
to the appropriation for subsisting the Navajo
Indians on the Bosque Redondo reservation,
New Mexicoi which was referred to the Com-
mittee on IncTian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a report of
the National Academy of Science, in con-
formity with the requirements of the act of
incorporation, approved March 4, 1803, show-
ing the operations of the National Academy
of Science during the past year; which was
referred to the Committee on Printing.
PETITIONS AMD MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
Nancy Smith, widow of Benjamin Holden
Smith, praying to be allowed a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CATTELL presented a petition of citi-
zensof New Jersey, prayingan extension of the
provisions of the thirty-third section of the
bankrupt law ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on tho Judiciary.
Mr. FOWLER presented a petition of Rob-
ert Wilson, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
On motion of Mr. CORBETT, it was—
Ordered, That the petition of Henry Failing be
rcrcferrod to tlie Committee on Claims.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION HILL.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that he was directed to inform the Senate that
in communicating the action of the House on
the amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 005) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1869, amendment No. 223 was erroneously
announced as having been agreed to, the same
not having been agreed to.
REPORTS 06' COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred tho bill (II. R. No. 550) providing for
the sale of a portion of the Fort Gratiot mili-
tary reservation, in St. Clair county, in the
State of Michigan, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same oommiitee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1354) to pro-
vide for the issue of arms for the use of the
militia, reported it without amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on
Territories, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 671) to provide for the more economical
administration of the government of the several
Territories of the United States, and for other
purposes, reported it without amendment.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 306) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to remit the duties on
certain articles contributed to the National
Association of American Sharp-shooters, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
the bill (H. li. No. 298) to regulate and limit
the admiralty jurisdiction of the district courts
of the United States in certain eases, to report
it back with the expression of the opinion that
it ought not to pass. _ It appears to the com-
mittee that the principles of maritime law that
now prevail are the appropriate ones for the
administration of justice, and this bill would
be no improvement. I move its indefinite
postponement to get it off the Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the follow-'
lowing bills, reported them without amend'
ment:
A bill (H. R. No. 218) granting a pension
of seventeen dollars per month to David
Duliigg, of Lynden, Vermont, father of late
First Lieutenant Dennis Duhigg. of company
M. first regiment Vermont artillery;
A bill (IT. R. No. 250) granting a pension to
George Truax, late a private in company H,
first regiment Virginia volunteers;
A bill (IT. R. No. 1104) granting a pension
to Margaret Davis;
A bill (II. R. No. 1105) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Cassidy ;
A bill (H. Ii. No. 1106) granting a pension
to Louisa M. Williston ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1167) granting a pension
to Esther Graves;
A bill (IT. R. No. 1108) granting a pension
to Frederic Denning;
A bill (H. R. No. 1169) granting a pension'
to Joseph B. Rodden;
A bill (H. E. No. 1170) granting a pension
to Eliza M. Matthews ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1171) granting a pension
to William F. Nelson;
A bill (H. R. No. 1172) granting a pension
to Lucinaa J. Letcher ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1173) granting a pension
to Julia A. Barton;
A bill (H. R. No. 1174) granting a pension
to Julia Carroll;
A bill (H. R. No. 1175) granting a pension
to Cornelia Peaslee;
A bill (II. R. No. 1170) granting a pension
to Mary Cover, widow of Samuel Cover, de-
ceased, late a private in company G, of the
fifty-sixth regiment of Pennsylvania volun-
teers ;
A bill (IT. R. No. 1177) granting a pension
to Malinda Ferguson, widow of James Fer-
guson, late a private in company C, of the first
regiment of Kentucky cavalry; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1178) granting a pension
to Mary Merchant, mother of Timothy H.
Pittsford, deceased, late a private in company
G, of the first United States veteran engineer
corps.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(H. tt. No. 1200) to restore to certain parties
their rights under the laws and treaties of the
United States, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Claims ; which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a resolution
as to the propriety of a law to authorize In-
dians to testify in certain cases, have instructed
me to report it back and ask to be discharged
from its further consideration, on the ground
that the committee are of opinion that the
Indians have a right to testify under the law as
it stands and no statute is necessary on that
subject.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 90) to
authorize and require the administration of
oaths in certain cases, and to punish perjury
ineonncetion therewith, recommend its indef-
inite postponement, being of opinion that the
laws already authorize the chairmen of com-
mittees, both standing and special committees,
to administer oaths. There is no necessity for
the hill.
The motion to postpone indefinitely was
agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
1194) to provide for the inauguration of State
officers in Arkansas, North Carolina, 'South
Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, and Alabama,
and for the meeting of the Legislatures of said
