1766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
Mr. Shephard, the mail who had the claim and
not Parkman, Brooks & Co., that I never heard
a word against his reputation in all my life.
His reputation has been Touched for by good
men.
What connection Parkman, Brooks & Co.
had with this bank I do not know. What
figure it cuts in this case I do not know. I
will say, however, that Mr. Parkman was the
first man I met in Tennessee when the war
broke out who was loyal to the Union; and he
assisted our troops as a loyal man in the pro-
tection of our flag. And General Grant will
tell gentlemen to-day that Mr. Parkman gave
him more information at Jackson, Tennessee,
than any other man, and consequently in that
regard did more benefit to the Government at
the battle of Corinth than any other man.
Such is Mr. Parkman's character, and yet ho
is_ one of those who are here to-day charged
with defrauding the Government.
If the gentleman from Wisconsin will seek
out cases where money has been paid to con-
federate officers, to rebels and traitors, instead
of hunting out cases where money has been
paid to loyal men, all loyal—claimants, at-
torneys and all—I think it would look about
as well in history. I can tell him of some such
cases if he desires to know them, where he
will find not $.ri0,000 or $100,000, but
millions of dollars taken from the Treasury
without the least warrant of law. The gentle-
man does not seem to desire to ferret out these
large claims.
Mr. WASHBURN', of Wisconsin. Let us
hear of some of them.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 will tell you. You will find
from the records of the Treasury Department
that millions of cotton have been turned over
into rebel hands, for which there was no color
of law. You will find them if you will take
the pains to do so.
Mr. CHANLER. I hope the gentleman
will specify some of these cases. It is desir-
able that they should be specified to the House.
Mr. LOGAN. I will specify. I will give
the name of one of the parties, and as he came
from New York perhap the gentleman may
know him—a Mr. Bruce.
Mr. CHANLER. Not at all.
Mr. LOGAN. Do you know a man by the
name of Bruce, who owned a New York hotel?
Mr. CHANLER. Not at all. One of the
" Scots wha liae wi Wallace bled " I sup-
pose. [Laughter.] 1
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman asked me to
give him the name of a ease, and I have done
so. Does he know this man Bruce?
Mr. CHANLER.. I do not know this par-
ticular Brucel I know a good many men by
the name of Bruce. I asked the question in
good faith.
Mr. LOGAN. This man Bruce was an offi-
cer in the rebel ariny. After the war was over
lie went South and seized cotton and shipped
it to New York, not by the hundred but by the
thousand bales. All this was authorized by
the Secretary of the Treasury. Bruce, with
the money that he -made, bought one of the
best hotels in New York, which is now kept
by his father, Bruce having died about one
year ago.
Mr. CHANLER. I ask the gentleman about
this man. I do not know liim, and ask for
information. Was his obituary in the usual
style ?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not know. Inasmuch
as he was a friend of his, a rebel and a traitor,
perhaps he saw the obituary himself.
Mr. CHANLER. The gentleman has been
shown to be a friend of thieves. I say the gen-
tleman is a friend of thieves.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not yield the floor any
further.
Mr. Speaker, there is no necessity for the
gentleman getting so excited. A wasp can
get excited, an ant can bite; small insects can
annoy; but there is no necessity for the gen-
tleman to get excited.
Mr. CHANLER,. And caa mate an ass
kick.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman asked a ques-
tion, and I answered it in a gentlemanly way.
Mr. CHANLER. Very.
Mr. LOGAN. Now, sir, I say this in refer-
ence to this case: if the gentleman wants more
instances and more names I will give them to
him without hesitation. There are many indi-
viduals who have had large amounts of money
paid over to them. These are the cases"wliich
should be hunted up. _ I do not believe my
friend from Wisconsin intends or desires to do
wrong. I am sure he will, where he has evi-
dence that wrong has been done, have the par-
ties exposed. But I tell him, if he will invest-
igate this, he will find it to be an honest case
as ever passed the Treasury; at least it is so in
my judgment. As to whether the Secretary
ot' War had a right to pay the money that is a
question of law which X cannot decide, nor do
i undertake to give an opinion about it. I
only say this: that lam as ready as the gentle-
man or anybody else to turn over money in to
the Treasury of the United States which right-
fully belongs there, or to investigate wrongs of
this character.
But I will tell gentlemen who desire to look
after these things if they will get the Secretary
of the Treasury to explain how it was that on
or about the l'Jth of December last $18,040,-
000 of bonds were recorded as destroyed on
the books, when the fact appears that it was
only blank paper, without a figure or a letter
on a single sheet of it, they will bo doing as
much good to the country as by investigating
anything of this kind, i examined the books
at the Department this morning. I am not a
defender of the Secretary of the Treasury, but
1 am a defender of my own honor and of the
rights of individuals to whoso cases I have
attended. X would scorn the man who would
attend to a case which ho believed to be fraud-
ulent, either as attorney or otherwise. But
1 examined the books this morning. There
may be an explanation. I do not say that there
is not, but if there is I would like to have it. It
is certified on the books by three men that on
the 19th of December—X believe that was the
date—some §18,640,000 of bonds were re-
corded as being destroyed by being run into
pulp, by being thrown into the boiler where
such papers are destroyed, but it was only
blank paper. On being told that such was the
fact I did not believe it, so I went to the clerk
and he showed me the book. Oil opening the
book there was the certificate of the destruc-
tion of that amount of bonds, giving the de-
nominations. The clerk, it seems, went to
three other-men in the Department and asked
them to come and see the destruction of the
Saper after it was certified as being bonds.
[e asked them to examine it and they did so.
Then before he made the entry in the book he
made them give a statement of the fact that it
was blank paper. That statement appears on
the side of the page signed by these three men.
That is the condition of the book which I ex-
amined this morning. I spoke to General
Spinner about it and he said it was all wrong—
that there ought to be some explanation of it.
How it happened he could not tell, but he said
if he had known the fact at the time he would
not have allowed it to be done.
Now, these arc things thatoughttobelooked
into. I have heretofore spoken in this House
about the sale of registered instead of coupon
bonds at a lower rate than the coupon bonds
aro selling in New York, though the Govern-
ment had to pay the same interest on the one
as the other. You are being defrauded out of
hundreds of thousands of dollars every month
by the conduct of this Department, and yet no
attention is paid to the matter. Somebody
finds out a case where a considerable amount
has been paid out; a mole-hill rises into a
mountain ; something terrible is made of it; it
is brought to the attention of the House and
paraded before our constituents and agreatdeal
is said about economy. Now, I am for econ-
omy all through. I am for an economy that
stops large leaks in the Treasury—large frauds
against the Government.
Mr. PRICE. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me a moment.
Mr. LOGAN. I doso.
Mr. PRICE. This is an alarming declara-
tion, and 1 wish to ask the gentleman if he has
examined the books very particularly. When
the currency or bonds are destroyed the records
show not only the amount of the currency or
bonds but the denomination of them and their
date. I ask the gentleman if, in the examina-
tion he made this morning, there was anything
showing the denomination and the date, and
whether the gentlemen who made the certificate
he speaks of certified to the denomination and
date ?
Mr. LOGAN. It shows precisely the same
that is shown in every other case where the
bonds have been destroyed. It shows the de-
nominations.
Mr. PRICE. And the numbers?
Mr. LOGAN. I will not say as to the num-
bers. I am not sure about that. But it shows
the denominations running from five hundred
up to five thousand dollars.
Mr. PRICE. The gentleman will see the
object I had in asking the question.
Mr. LOGAN. I see the object.
Mr. PRICE. If these three gentlemen have
certified that $18,040,000 in bonds have been
destroyed and the bonds are yet in the mar-
ket, why, there is a swindle to the amount of
$18,640,000. I confess that the gentleman's
statement is a little more startling than any-
thing I have heard lately, and if it be the fact
and if the records show that the bonds with
the dates and denominations and amounts par-
ticularly described are certified to have been
destroyed why it is about time some other
action was taken with reference to it.
Mr. LOGAN. I wish some other members
of Congress besides myself would go to the
Department occasionally and examine into
these things. I know it is a hard matter for a
member of the House who is not on a commit-
tee to go gro'ping around there, and that he
generally gets more abuse than anything else ;
but let any member examine the records as I
have done, and they will find just what I state.
They will find the statement on the books of
the destruction of over eighteen million dol-
lars of bonds, with the denominations given in
figures, and the amounts of those bonds de-
scribed, when the fact is that no bonds were
destroyed.
Mr. EAUM. What became of them?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not know. I do not pre-
tend to explain it. What X say is that it de-
mands explanation.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Did the gen-
tleman make inquiry for an explanation of the
proper officers of the Department? If so, we
ought to have it. If not, the subject ought
certainly to be investigated.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well; I did not ask
anything about it. I have investigated it to
my own satisfaction. 1 asked General Spin-
ner what it meant, and he said ho did not
know, but if he had known of it he would not
have allowed it. He said that Mr. Clark was
the man to explain it, as he had had it done.
I know nothing about it. I only state the facts
that came to my knowledge.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I wish to
say that I think the country is under obliga-
tions to the gentleman from Illinois for the
discovery of this fact, and that it is the duty
of Congress to investigate it.
Mr. LOGAN. Now, Mr. Speaker, while I
am on this subject, inasmuch as I have taken
up the cudgel in this case, in regard to which
I think my friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Wash-
burn] has been misled, for fear, as I have
had several tussles with the Secretary of the
Treasury in this House, my friend from Wis-
consin may think X have become his defender,
I will give him something else that he may
investigate. If you will examine the records
of the office, you will find in the case of officers
appointed by the Secretary and the President
the material part of the oath prescribed by law
scratched out, and the names of those men are
