1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2791
to one party or none at all. It strikes me that
we ought to allow the law on that subject to
remain as it is; and there is no reason for
changing the distribution of these fines and
penalties on the lakes any more than on our
ocean commerce. For these reasons, unless
the bill be amended, I hope it will not pass.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,.
I have given this bill some little attention
since the objections were made the other day,
and I think it may be obnoxious to some of
the objections brought against it by the Senator
from Vermont. The object of the bill, how-
ever, I take to be a good one. It applies
particularly to the commerce of the lakes,
and the situation of that commerce is a little
peculiar. The chief feature of the hill is to
relieve it from the burdens which are now
imposed upon it by the law of 186G, by which
each vessel is required to take out a manifest
at every port at which it touches. For instance,
a vessel leaving Detroit and bound for Chicago
would touch at very many points ; I do not
know how many, but a large number, more or
less. Now, as the law stands, she is obliged
to take out a manifest at each of those inter-
mediate ports. Manifestly there can be no
object in that. It imposes a great burden, it
causes delays, and great expense is consequent
upon it,^^i.ny one will see at a glance that
that is im imposition of a needless burden 011
the commerce of the lakes. It gives no secur-
ity whatever to the revenues of the country,
and is a gratuitous burden upon the commerce
of that section. The bill was drawn to obviate
that difficulty, but I am inclined to think that
it was not altogether well protected in that
respect, and to obviate the difficulties sug-
gested by the Senator from Vermont 1 propose
to move a few amendments. In line fifteen of
the first section of the substitute reported by
the Committee on Commerce, I propose to
insert after the words ''United States" the
words "and shall not touch at a foreign port
or place on its passage." The effect of that
will be that a vessel starting from Detroit and
bound for Chicago takes her clearance or her
manifest, and if she touches at any intermedi-
ate port her commander is obliged, by the pro-
visions of this bill, to enter on her manifest
whatever that vessel takes on at the inter-
mediate port, but he is not obliged to report to
the custom-house officer.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I would sug-
gest to my friend from Maine that he alter his
amendment somewhat, so as to insert after the
word " port," in line eighteen, the words " not
having touched at any foreign port." There
will be a little confusion if he puts the amend-
ment in the place where he proposes to insert it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well; I
am inclined to think that is better, and I accept
that modification. I move to insert after the
word " port," in line eighteen of the first sec-
tion, the words " not having touched at any
foreign port or place," so as to read :
And in case such vessel shall touch at any inter-
mediate port in the United States, and there dis-
charge caigo taken on board at an American port, or
at such intermediate ports shall take on cargo des-
tined for an American port, not having touched at
any foreign port or place, the master ot such vessel
shall not be required to report such lading or un-
lading at such intermediate ports, but shall enter
the same on his manifest, &c.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I propose an-
other amendment, to obviate a difficulty sug-
gested by the Senator from Vermont, in the
filth'section. It is said that the fifth section
alters the penalty. I do not know whether that
ought to be so or not, but perhaps it is imma-
terial. I move to amend the s'eetion by strik-
ing out in line five the word "twenty" and
inserting "one hundred," so as to make the
penalty $100.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is right.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. A further sug-
gestion of the Senator is that this changes the
fee bill. I do not understand that, it does very
materially ; but I am inclined to think in one
or two particulars it may be burdensome to
commerce. For instance, on the tenth page:
"For the entry of a vessel above fifty tons
direct from a foreign port, §2 50." And fur-
ther down: " For the clearance of a vessel
above fifty tons, direct to a foreign port, $2 50.
That may be very onerous on the commerce of
that section, and I am inclined to think it
would be wrong. But I doubt if there is any
great necessity for a revision of the fee bill
at all, and therefore I move to strike out the
seventh section entire, excepting that part
beginning on the tenth page, at the forty-
seventh line, alter the word "provided," down
to and including line fifty, so as to strike out
everything relating to fees, and leave the sec-
tion provide simply—
That vessels departing to or arriving from a port
in one district to or from a port in an adjoining dis-
trict, and touching at intermediate foreign ports,
are exempted from the payment of the entry fees.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
amend the section by inserting before the word
" and" in line forty-nine the words " between
the ports of entry thereof."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There is no
objection to that.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to strike
out the ninth section, which is another section
objected to by the Senator from Vermont.
That is in regard to the fines and penalties.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Now, I ask
my friend from Maine if he will not consent
to strike out the third section in relation to
stoam-tngs. I can conceive of 110 particular
benefit in it, and certainly it may be liable to
a great deal of abuse.
Mr. CHANDLER. I would state that there
are, a class of vessels, and a very large class,
engaged exclusively in towing. If they take
on board freights they are not included in this
section. It simply includes those tugs that are
engaged exclusively in towing. There are fifty
or one hundred on the Detroit river and the
river St. Clair. There seems to be no reason
why those tugs, every time they touch a port,
as they carry no merchandise, should take out
a permit.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask my
friend if he does not see that they might be
tempted very strongly to carry a little mer-
chandise if they were not watched.
Mr. CHAN DLER. I would say to my friend
from Vermont that they are liable to seizure
and forfeiture for any act of that kind. Their
reporting to the custom-house, every time they
touch, is no sort of protection against smug-
gling. If they do smuggle, they are liable
to be seized and forfeited to the Govern-
ment. It is simply an annoyance without auy
apparent object. I should dislike to see that
section stricken out, because I see no danger
to the revenue in it. I agree with the Senator
from Vermont in trying to guard and protect
the revenue against smuggling in every possi-
ble way, but I see no benefit from striking out
this section.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It. is obvious,
and must be so to the Senator from Michigan,
that if these vessels are not required to touch,
they never come within the purview of any
officer to be examined at all, and they may
therefore evade the law with the utmost facil-
ity. I do not see that it is a very great hard-
ship for them to call, like other vessels. I
hope, therefore, that the Senate will strike out
the section.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on striking out the third section.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that will not be
stricken out.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment of the
Committee on Commerce as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole was concurred in.
It is to strike out all of the original bill after
the enacting clause, and in lieu thereof to
insert:
That the masterof every vessel enrolled or licensed
to engage in the foreign and coasting trade on tho
northern, northeastern, and northwestern frontiers
ot the United States shall, before the departure of
his vessel from a port in one collection district to a,
port in another collection district, present to thecol-
feetor at the port of departure duplicate manifests
of his cargo, or, it he have no cargo, dnpfieate mani-
fests setting forth that fact, which manifests shall be
subscribed and sworn or affirmed to by the master
before tho collector, who shall indorse thereon his
certificate ot clearance, retaining one for the files of
his office, the other he shalt deliver for the use ot tha
master. And in ease such vessel shall touch at any
intermediate port in the United States, and there
discharge cargo taken on board at an Americanport.
or at such intermediate ports shall take on board
cargo destined tor an American port not having
touched at any foreign port or place, the master of
such vessel shall not be required to report such lad-
ing or unlading at such intermediate poets, but shaft
enter the same.on his manilest obtained at tho ori-
ginal port of departure, which he shalldeliver to the
collector of the port at which the unlading ot tha
cargo is completed within twenty-four hours after
arrival, andshall subscribe and make oath (or allirrn)
as to the truth and correctness of the same. And
the master of such vessel shall, betore departing trout
a port in one collection district to a place in another
collection district where there is no custom-house,
file his manilest and obtain a clearance in manner
aforesaid, and make oath or affirmation to the mani-
fest aforesaid, which manifest andclcaram-e shall be
delivered to the proper officcr ot customs at tue port
at which said vessef next arrives alter feaving tho
place ot destination specified in said clearance: pro-
vided, That the master of any vessel with cargo, pas-
sengers, or baggage from any foreign port or place,
shall obtain a permit and comply with existing laws
betore discharging or landing the same: Aiul pro-
vided fiuther, That nothing in this section con tamed
shail exempt masters ot vessels Irom reporting, as
now required by law, any goods, wares, or merchan-
dise declined for any loreign port: And be it juitker
provided, That no permit shall be required lor tho
unlading oi caigo brought irom an Amencan port.
Sec. 2. And be it Jurther enacted, Tiiar the master
ot any vessef enrolled or licensed as atoresaid, des-
tined with caigo tiom a place m the United states
at which theie may be 110 custom-house to a port
where theio may be a custom-house, shall, within
twenty-lour hours atter airival at the port ol desti-
nation, deliver to the pioper ollicer ol the customs a
manitest, subscribed by him, setting torth the cargo
laden at the place ot departure, or laden or unladen
at any mtei mediate port or place, to the truth of
which mamtest he shall make oath or atiirm betore
such otficei: Provided, That if said vessel have no
cargo ttie master shall not be required to deliver such
manifest. ,
Sec. 3. And be-it further enacted. That steam-tugs
duly enrolled and licenced to engage in the iorcign
and coasting trade on tho northern, northeastern,
and noithwestcrn frontiers of tho United States,
when exclusively employed in towing vessels, shall
not be required to report and clear at the custom-
house: Pi ovided, That when said steam-tugs shall
be employed m towing rafts or other vessels without
sail or steam motive-power, not requned to be en-
rolled or licensed under existing laws, they snail be
required to report and clear 111 the same manner us
is hereinbefoic provided in siiniiar cases tor other
vessels.
SEC. 4. And be it further enacted, That the mani-
fests, certilicates of clearance, oaths, or affirmations
piovided lor by this act shall be m such tonn, and
prepared, filled up, and executed in such manner as
the Seci etary of the Treasury may from time to tune
pit'fCiibe.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That if the master
of any eniolled or licensed vessel, as aforesaid, shall
neglect or tail to comply with any of the provisions
or requirement* of the foregoing sections or this act,
such master shall torfeit and pay to the United .States
tho sum ot 4100 for each and every failure or neglect,
and for which sum the vessel shall be liable, and may
bo summarily proceeded against by way of libel in
any distiiet couit of the United States.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That in case the
master or owner of any vessef shall wililully and
falsely swear or atiirm to any of the matters or
facts herein required to be sworn or affirured to, said
master or owner shall be deemed to be guilty ot per-
jury, and shall be liable to all thefines and penal-
ties imposed by existing laws punishing such ononses.
Sec. t. And be it further enacted, /That
parting to or aniving from a port in onn distuct to
or from a port in an adjoining district ketwecu
the ports of entry thereof, touching at mtei mediate
foieign ports, are exempted Irom the payment ol the
entry fees. , m, ,
oC And he it further enacted. That section one
of an°ict entitled An to further provide for the
collection ot the revenue upon tho noithein. i
eastern, and northwestern frontiers, and to oiber
purposes." approved July «, lbbi; and section six
of an act entitled "An act to prevent smuggling, and
