186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
383
but his own on that point. A year and more
after this cotton was taken possession of by
our armies, the purchasing agents never assert-
ing anj* sort of claim to it whatever 
Mr. FESSENDEN. They never saw it.
Mr. HOWE. Never saw it, why?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Because it was not
delivered to thein.
Mr. HOWE. They knew nothing about it.
The men authorized to purchase for the United
States knew nothing about this cotton. The
Army found the cotton, the Army seized the
cotton and turned it over to the other set of
agents; they sold it, paid the money over to
the Secretary of the Treasury, and more than
a year afterward come forward some claim-
ants who say to the Secretary, " We had per-
mits from the President, not authority from
the Secretary of the Treasury to buy, but we
living down there in rebeldom had permits
from the President to pnrchase cotton, and we
bargained for this cotton, but we were a little
unlucky; we never delivered it to the United
States at all; indeed, the proper officers knew
nothing about it; but then we bought it in good
faith, we did not follow it up; we took no
notice of it; but here we are, a year after the
proceeds have gone into your hands, and now
we want you to treat us as if we had purchased
that cotton and delivered it to the purchasing
agent and were entitled to get our pay for it."
Mr. President, the contract between the men
who held permits and the purchasing agent
was one thing; the purchasing agent's obliga-
tion to the Government was a very different
thing. The man who was authorized by the
President to buy cotton in rebeldom of rebels
was a man who bought at his own figures. He
simply, if the President had authority to grant
absolution to him in advance, did not become
a rebel or traitor, or amenable to our laws by
doing it. He was a man who went to the
owner of cotton and said, " I will give you so
much for it;" and then he was a man who
went to the purchasing agent representing the
Government and said, " What will you give me
for this cotton?" and sold it to him for more
or less than he paid. There was no twenty-
five or seventy-five per cent, in that business
at all. The purchasing agent was acting on
behalf of the Government, and he had seventy-
five and the Government twenty-five per cent.
But more than a year after this cotton had
been disposed of and the proceeds should have
gone into the Treasury there was an applica-
tion by these parties living down there, never
representing the Government, to substitute
them for purchasing agents and deal with them
as if they had been purchasing agents.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say to the Sen-
ator that that is an entire misstatement and
perversion of the facts as shown by the evi-
dence in the papers and in my explanation.
Of course it is not intentionally so on his part.
Mr. HOWE. I am glad the Senator says it
is not an intentional perversion, not because I
should have felt that my veracity was im-
peached if he had said it was 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not mean to say
that. I say the Senator is entirely mistaken.
Mr. HOWE. It is very evident that one or
the other of us is completely mistaken. It is
possible I am, Once I was mistaken, and I
may be again ; but I have this language right
before me, and I can read it yet. I have heard
the Senator's explanation; I can hear him
yet, and if I am the party mistaken I fail to
discover it.
Mr. President, here is another fact in this
report. Recollect what we are considering—
the conduct of the Secretary of the Treasury
under the statutes which give him, as I insist,
and as all insist, or at least as nobody contra-
dicts, no jurisdiction over any money what-
ever. 'We have found that he has disbursed a
large sum to men who said they had volunta-
rily abandoned their cotton upon a contract
with some representative of the'United States
that tliey should have the proceeds. To an-
other large class of men he has disbursed
another million and more upon a different pre-
text. Here he has disbursed over three hun-
dred thousand dollars to men who say they
ought to stand in the light of purchasing agents,
although tliey never were commissioned as
such, and although they never purchased and
delivered any cotton to the United States.
Here is another disbursement he made. There
was still money in his hands, still money that
he had not covered into the Treasury, had not
put under the protection of law; and here is
where he found an opportunity to invest some
more of it:
Claims/or Salvage.
December 11, I860—Shepard, Parkin an & Co., amount
allowed.  $157,414 66
December 18,186(3—John Duncan, amount
allowed ..  97,284 26
And for those allowances, amounting to
$254,728 92, this explanation is given :
" The case of Shopart1 k, Parkman, Brooks & Co.,
and that of John Duncan were of the same charac-
ter as those above described arising under the pur-
chasing system; but it appearing that the alleged
purchase had not been perfected "—
That is, had not been made—
" so as to make it a completed transaction the
claims in that form Were not considered allowable.
It was shown, however, that, acting in good faith in
the assertion and protection of the rights they sup-
posed they had acquired, the claimants in each case
had expended money and performed valuable ser-
vice in procuring "—
What? This is John Duncan we are talking
of, and Shepard & Parkman—
"in procuring military orders and gnards and other
protection for it as private property, which saved
the same from destruction by the rebel soldiery and
other persons evilly disposed toward the Government
of the United States.
"In consideration of such expenditures and ser-
vices an allowance as salvage was made in each case
on so much of the cotton purchased under the exec-
utive permit, and so saved, as was actually received
and sold by the Government, throwing out all not
identified as covered by the purchase or not received
and sold as above."
A little more than a quarter of a million
dollars was paid to two parties as salvage, and
they had entitled themselves to the salvage by
obtaining military orders and guards for the
protection of cotton which they pretended they
wanted to purchase but had not purchased I
Mr. President, not to dwell too long on this
report, I think I am justified in concluding that
a great deal of this money did not get into the
hands of the right parties. The amount dis-
bursed on all accounts in money, saying nothing
about the cotton delivered back, was $2,210,-
476 96. These disbursements were made to
parties who, upon some pretext or other,
claimed to have a right to the money. The
allowances were made, as we have seen, upon
four different pretexts. Four different classes
of rights are set up here under this simple act
of Congress which has been read in your hear-
ing so many times, and which gave no man in
the world any right to a dollar of money except
as he came into the Court of Claims and sued
for it. Upon these four different pretexts I
say the Secretary of the Treasuryhas disbursed
something over two million dollars.
But then we have found the account was
short $10,000,000. There are, then, still about
eight millions not accounted for. Now where
did that go ? That, I suppose, is the expense of
collecting and selling the cotton. I do not
know what other interpretation can be given.
That $8,000,000 is the sum disbursed to those
parties who had collected and who had sold
the cotton—the expenses of collecting and
selling. I do not know what other conclusion
to come to. Thirty-four millions are the pro-
ceeds, says the Secretary; $24,742,022 56 re-
main as net proceeds. Here are the disburse-
ments to Bpecific claimants. I do not know
what disposition could have beem made of the
balance except it was to cover the expenses of
collection.
But there is still to be deducted from that a
little over a million, I think, not yet paid, but
unpaid and not yet covered into the Treasury;
$500,000 in one sum and $700,000 in another.
One million two hundred thousand dollars, the
Secretary tells you, is money not paid out, but
unpaid and not covered into the Treasury.
What has he done with that? Five hundred
thousand of it—only half a million—ho has
deposited with the Farmers' Loan and Trust
Company of New York. What for?
"To Secure the sureties on a bond required to be
given by bimeon Draper, late cotton agent nt New
York, in a suit against him, and now pending in
New York, instituted by the firm of Dcnnistoun 4
■ Co., to recover the proceeds of alleged blockade cot-
ton taken by agents of the Government and shipped
to Mr. Draper for sale."
Cotton was shipped to Mr. Draper, a cotton
! agent at New York. He sold it. Somebody—
| Dennistoun & Co.—instituted a suit against
! Mr. Draper. The Secretary of the Treasury,
I acting upon his own responsibility, not only
j assumes the responsibility of that suit—it seems
, that Mr. Draper, sued as an individual was
j required to give bond—but actually puts up
; money as collateral or rather to secure, to in-
; demnify the sureties on Mr. Draper's bend,
i Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask permission to make
an explanation right here.
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I explained it all the
other day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to explain it
again for the benefit of my friend from Wis-
consin. This was an action of replevin for
the cotton in the courts of the State of New
York, so that the Government must either let
the cotton {*o without any right to it at all, or
they must furnish to Mr. Draper, it being a
very large sum, the means of gettihg sureties
to hold on to it himself and keep it for the
Government; and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in my judgment, would have been greatly
wanting in his duty if he had not used any
means at his disposal to furnish tho necessary
bonds so as to keep the cotton.
Mr. HOWE. I think the Secretary of the
Treasury ought to have done whatever he
could do to keep the cotton. If he was author-
ized to act or to' speak for the United States
and to bind the United States it was perfectly
right for him to do it; but I should hope, .
under a fair administration of the Treasury
Department, that the credit of the United
States was good enough ; that parties would
be willing to take the personal obligation, if I
may so speak, of the United States as indem-
nity for any liability of theirs.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But the United States
were not sued.
Mr. HOWE. The United States were not
sued, but the sureties were looking to the
United States as if the United States were
sued. What I complain of is, that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury takes out of money
which belongs to the United States, and which
he might just as well have taken out of the
Treasury itself, $500,000 and puts it up to
indemnify private parties for some risk they
assume for the Government. This money was
not in the Treasury and therefore he could get
at it; but it belonged in the Treasury just as
much as any dollar there was there. If it had
been in the Treasury the Treasury would not
have let him have it. Why ? Because it was
not a right use to be made of the money. Not
being in the Treasury he could control it, and
he did make that use of it which, if it had
been once passed on to the books of the Treas-
ury, he could not have made.
Now, Mr. President, I believe I shall occupy
no further time in discussing this matter. I
ought not to have occupied any, I guess. I
sit down as I commenced, feeling that it does
not amount to much after all. It is not much
of a shower which wets down a few millions of
the public property. I do not think it is of
much consequence who-does disburse the 'ub-
lic money or where it goes to. I thought tliis
was a very extraordinary exhibit, and I felt
bound to make known wherein I thought it an
extraordinary exhibit. Having done so, all
the duty that could possibly devolve on me has
been discharged. 1 certainly have no wish to
arraign the Secretary of the Treasury for mis-
conduct that does not justly attach to him, and
I make no arraignment of the Secretary of the
Treasury that I should not make upon anybody
