1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1767
to-day on the pay-roils, aud they are receiving
their pay. plenty of them.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentle-
man if tiii.'.y are employes in the Department
here ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would ask the
gentleman from Illinois if any of the appoint-
ments to which he now alludes aud ihe pay-
ments to those persons have been made since
the examination of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury before the Judiciary Committee'/
Mr. LOGAN. I cannot answer that ques-
tion because I cannot say anything about dates.
I have not examined the records myself, but I
will say this so that the House may know
exactly how I got my information. A gentle-
man who is connected with the records of the
Department—I will not give his name for it
would cost him his head if 1 should—told me
this morning that there were on the files of his
office oaths upon which appointments of offi-
cers have been made in which material parts
of the oath have been scratched out with a
pen, and that there was not one only, but a
great many of that character.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Allow me one fur-
ther question. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether he has any information to the effect
that any such appointments have been made
since July, IStiti, or whether any such appoint-
ments have been made since that date?
Mr. LOGAN. I will give the gentleman all
the iufounation I have; I will give him the
statement of au assessor. An assessor, who
was appointed in Georgia a short time ago,
told me this morning that he had in his ollice
the oaths taken by all the officers who were
appointed by his predecessor, and that those
officers were all either lieutenants, or captains,
or sergeants, or majors, orcolonelsin the con-
federate army, and that the material part of
each and every oath was scratched out, and
that those men were paid up to last month. I
only give the statement as it was made to me.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will state the
reason why I put this question to the gentle-
man : it is that the Secretary of the Treasury
testified before the Committee on the Judiciary
that in no such case had payments been made,
except by inadvertence in one case; and that
since the date to which I have alluded no ap-
pointment of the kind has been made.
Mr. LOGAN. I want the gentleman to
understand me. I do not make this as a spe-
cific charge against the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. But I state to the gentleman what was
stated to me by persons who knew the facts or
ought to have known them ; that is all. I am
not responsible for the statement; I give it to
you as it was given to ine this morning.
Mr. PRICE. In common with other mem-
bers of this House I have been very much
startled by the declaration made by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logah.] While I
dislike very much to do what I now propose
to do, still I do not think I can serve my con-
stituency or the country better than to move,
when 1 can get the floor, a special committee of
three or five members to investigate and report
to this House how the matter really stands. I
desire to have it distinctly understood that 1
have no wish to take charge of this investiga-
tion or'to be one of the committee ; but I deem
it my duty to make the motion when I get the
opportunity. 1 shall do so for this reason : if
a fraudulent certificate can be made of the de-
struction of $18,000,000 of bonds then a fraud-
ulent certificate can be made of the destruc-
tion of $1,800,000,000; aud this country can
know nothing of its bonded debt if that kind
of procedure can be allowed in its Treasury.
These bonds occasionally, when redeemed and
canceled, must be destroyed; and so with the
currency. But there is a regular way of doing
that thing which would be satisfactory to the
country. But if the declaration made here
this morning be well founded then I see no
safety to the moneyed interests of this coun-
try, so far as the Government is concerned,
without a committee to investigate and report
the facta to the country. I give notice, there-
fore, that when I get the opportunity I shall
move the appointment of ^committee for that
purpose.
Mr. WELKER. I desire to state to the
House that a sub-committee of the joint Com-
mittee on Retrenchment is now engaged in this
investigation in reference to these destroyed
bonds. Inasmuch as the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Pbice] has given notice that he will move
for a committee to investigate the matter I
thought it proper to inform the House that
such an investigation is now going on. The
information was communicated to the joint
Committee on Retrenchment, and it is now
being investigated.
Mr. PRICE. "Now being investigated."
Why, sir, a committee of three men can in-
vestigate the matter in three hours, so far as
that particular declaration is concerned, and
the news will be carried on the wings of the
lightning not only to the Atlantic coast but to
the Pacific coast——
A Member. Around the world.
Mr. PRICE. As a friend suggests, the news
will be carried around the world before the sun
sets to-morrow; and the bondholders of Eu-
rope, of every place where the moneyed inter-
ests of this country are at stake, will know that
our bonds are being certified to be canceled
and destroyed when such is not the fact.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I would inquire if
these remarks are in order?
The SPEAKER. Strictly speaking the de-
bate should be confined to the amendment of
the Senate to the joint resolution of the House.
Mr. FARNSWOIITH. I make the inquiry
because I am anxious that some of the time
to-day will be applied to other business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the debate has wandered somewhat
from the subject before tne House.
Mr. LOGAN. I propose in pursuance of
my promise to the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Washburn] to call the previous question
after I shall have yielded a few moments to
two or three members who desire to speak.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I trust the gentleman
will not do that, after the most of the time has
been taken by gentlemen on the other side.
Mr. FARNSWOIITH. 1 hope the gentle-
man will allow this matter to go over until to-
morrow. He will bear in mind that to-day is
the only day of this week when the rules can
be suspended.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. 1 do not
know that I should object to that, if I can have
the assurance that it will come up to-morrow.
Mr. FARNSWORTIT. If it is left on the
Speaker's table it will come up when we again
go to business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. WASITBIJRN, of Wisconsin. I sup-
pose I will be entitled to one hour to close the
debate after the previous question shall have
been seconded.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will inform the
gentleman that he will not be entitled to that
time, as ho did not report the bill from any
committee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. As I
offered the resolution originally which led to
the introduction of this measure I suppose I
am entitled to the floor for an hour after the
previous question is called.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule under which gentlemen have the right to
close the debate after the previous question is
seconded.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Therislitof the member reporting the pending
measure to close the debate is never denied him,
even after the previous question is ordered."
The SPEAKER. It will be observed that this
right belongs only to a member reporting a bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Having
yielded my time under a misapprehension of
my rights I trust I may be allowed a few min-
utes more.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Logax] is still entitled to the floor,
unless^ie surrenders it.
Mr. LOGAN. I promised the gentleman to
move the previous question; but I will sur-
render the floor to him if he desires it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I am
obliged to the gentleman. r
Mr. MAYNARD. Before the gentleman
from Wisconsin proceeds with his remarks I
would like the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] to make one of his statements * little
more explicit. I desire to know whether these
official oaths to which he has referred were the
oaths of employ6s in the Department or officers
outside.
Mr. LOGAN. Officers outside.
Mr. CIIANLER. I trust the gentleman
from Wisconsin will yield a moment for a per-
sonal explanation.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
yielded already a large part of the time to which
I was entitled.
Mr. CIIANLER. This is a mere matter of
courtesy, to explain a misunderstanding. The
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan"] entirely
misunderstood my motive in putting my ques-
tion to him in the course of his remarks. He
used expressions which I am quite sure, when
he understands what was my motive, he will
withdraw.
Sir. LOGAN. If I said anything offensive
I did not intend it.
Mr. CIIANLER. I asked the gentleman a
polite question, with the best intentions.
Mr. LOGAN. I thought from the gentle-
man's manner that his purpose was to harass
me more than anything else.
Mr. CIIANLER. My object was to bring
before the House the facts which have since
been clicited by other questions of a similar
character. I had no intention to interrupt the
gentleman discourteously.
Mr. LOGAN. I will say to the gentleman
tliatlintendednodiseourtesytoward liirn what-
ever. If I used any language offensive or im-
proper of course I cheerfully withdraw it.
Mr. CIIANLER. - I knew that the gentle-
man would do so when he properly understood
the matter. I also withdraw anything offen-
sive to the gentleman.
Mr. WASIIBURN, of Wisconsin. Mr.
Speaker, amicable relations having no^ been
restored between the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Looax] and the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Ciiaxlkr,] permit me to say that
the gentleman from Illinois was altogether mis-
taken in supposing that my remarks were in-
tended to have any personal allusion to him-
self or friends of his. As I have already said,
I had no idea that any gentleman on this floor
had any peisunal knowledge in regardto this
particular claim. I alluded to this claim be-
cause 1 had a general knowledge as to how
matters were transacted in that section of the
country, and because I knew that Parkman,
Brooks & Co. were indebted to the Govern-
ment of the United States in the sum of
$55(1,000, the value of Government bonds
which they had never paid for and which they
probably never will pay for. I thought it very
strange that this claim should have been paid
to them at the Treasury Department when they
owed the Government so large an amount.
Now, the gentleman says that Parkman,
Brooks & Co. are loyal. I am not here to
deny that fact, if it be a fact; but, sir, I do
not understand that because a man is loyal he
has the right to put his hand into the Treasury
when the law does not authorize him tod6 so.
The gentleman from Illinois suggests to me
that if I would pursue my inquiries in the
Treasury Department I should find many other
cases of fraud and corruption more worthy of
animadversion than the one I have alluded to.
That may be true. I have no doubt that that
, Department is reeking with corruption and
rottenness to the very heart's core; but my
efforts heretofore at procuring information from
that Department'have not been such as to
lead me to expect much information should I
ask for it. Why, sir, on the 26th of last
November I offered this resolution, which was
passed by the House, namely:
" Besohed, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
