268
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Fcbruary 29,
Ho. of Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. Humphrey.
40th COXG....2b SE.s3.
try will fully justify our action in confining the
material grounds of the inquiry within the nar-
rowest limits.
But it must not bo understood that in bringing
this great national criminaHo trial on the par-
ticular charges specified, he is to stand acquitted
of the transcendency greater crimes which
have been laid at his door. History will make
no such record. On the contrary, his convic-
tion as charged must carry with it his moral
conviction of the whole series of usurpations
and wiongs of which he has stood impeached
by the country within the past two years. Does
any one believe that if he had faithfully per-
formed the duties of his high' office up to the
21st of February last, the thought of impeach-
ment would have occurred for the attempted
removal of the Secretary of War, or for any of
the particular acts now charged against him?
Sir, it is only when these acts are interpreted
in the light of his past course of lawlessness
that his real character and guilt are made to
appear. It is the infernal back ground of his
other villainies that gives to them tbeironormity,
and makes them the timely occasion for laying
the nation's hand upon him and hurling him
from his place. Not alone the relatively frilling
offenses now charged, but the deeply-rooted
conviction of his previous guilt has at last
brought Congress and the people to their feet
in demanding his removal. They regarded him
as a monstrous criminal, who was in a fair way
to escape justice, but who, by his own act, has
at hist brought himself within the sure grasp
of the law ; and with gladness and thanksgiving
they have come to the rescue of the country.
Our Democratic friends are very sorry we did
not make our charges as comprehensive as we
believed his guilt, and try him upon the whole
ground of his public delinquency. Sir, our
charges are broad enough for the end in view,
and in effect lie will be tried upon the whole
question of his official action. It is as impos-
sible to separate it from this proceeding as it
is for a man to run away from his own shadow,
or to dissolve the relation between cause and
effect. Andrew Johnson will be tried for usurp-
ing the legislative powers of the Government,
for appointing traitors to civil offices, for tram-
pling the laws ot' Congress under his feet, for
the monstrous abuse of the pardoning power,
for the massacre at JJew Orleans, for the cor-
rupt transfer of southern railroads to rebels,
for his indecent abuse and defiance of Con-
gress, for bis drunkenness before the repre-
sentatives of the people and of foreign Powers,
for the murder and rapine that have been in-
spired by his influence, sweeping over the South
like a tempest, and for delaying, in ten thousand
forms, the return of peace, order, and security
to these States. These are the counts in the
indictment on which he has been arraigned by
the people of the United States and adjudged
guilty ; and his conviction by the Senate on the
charges now made will only seal the judgment
of his country, and fix, beyond all question,
liis high rank among the greatest malefactors
of the world.
Impeach men t.
SPEECH OF HON. J. M. HUMPHREY,
of new york,
In' the House or Representatives!,
February 29, X8G8,
On the articles of impeachment reported from the
committee.
Mr. HUMPHREY. Mr. Chairman, in the
brief time allowed me under the tyrannical rule
of the majority of this House, I can but glance
at the topics which present themselves for con-
sideration, now that a partisan caucus has de-
termined to complete the usurpation of the
Government by the impeachment and removal
of the President.
I will show that if the President has violated
any law it is not the tenure-of-office law, and
he has been twice acquitted by this House and
the judgment of the country of the violation
of any other law of the United States. By
the terlhs of the tenure-of-offiee act it is pro-
vided—
"That the Secretaries of State, of War, of the
Nary, and of tho Interior, tho Postmaster General,
and the Attorney Uencral shall hold their offices re-
spectively for and during tlie term of tho President
by whom thoy were appointed, and for one month
thereafter, subject to removal by and with the ad-
vieo and consent of the Senate."
This act in no way forbids the removal of
Edwin M. Stanton, who was appointed Secre-
tary of War by President Lincoln during his
first term of office, was not reappointed by Mr.
Lincoln in his second term, and has never been
appointed by President Johnson. An appoint-
ment contemplated by this act to executive
office can be made only in one of two ways.
When the Senate is not in session an appoint-
ment can be made by the President, who issues
a commission to the officer. When the Senate
is in session the nomination must be sent to
the Senate, and if it is confirmed then tho
President issues the commission. Edwin M.
Stanton has been appointed in neither of these
ways during the administration of President
Johnson, and the term of the Presidency dur-
ing which he was appointed expired at twelve
o'clock m. on the 4ih of March, 1805, the time
at which Mr. Lincoln took again the oath of
office for a new Presidency. Since this time,
and prior to the appointment of General
Thomas, he had been acting Secretary of War
by sufferance of the President merely.
When called upon to vacate the clerksliip'ho
had disgraced ho denied the power of the Ex-
ecutive to displace him, disobeyed the order to
hand the War Department over to his succes-
sor ad interim, entrenched himself in the Wax-
Office under military guard, and from thence
openly defies the executive and judicial de-
partments of the Government. Having pro-
cured the arrest of General Lorenzo Thomas
by criminal process on the charge of high mis-
demeanor, in that "on the 21st day of Febru-
ary, 18(18, he did unlawfully accept the appoint-
ment of the office of Secretary of War ad in-
terim, and did then and there unlawfully hold
and exercise the office," and when summoned
to appear in court and show his commission as
Secretary of War, Edwin M. Stanton, with the
connivance of the judge upon the bench, fails
to show by what warrant he holds the office,
and General Thomas is discharged. He has
no commission : lie holds the position by force.
It is said by those who extenuate this usurp-
ation that the President has acknowledged
Mr. Stanton as Secretary of War. This istrue,
and yet tho fact that he was suffered to remain
in charge of tho Department was no appoint-
ment of the man. it is urged, also, that by the
previous suspension of Sir. Stanton under the
tenure-of-ofiice act, the President has admitted
that the act is applicable to him. Not so.
Because the President, for the purpose of test-
ing the constitutionality of this statute, acted
under it, he is not estopped from availing him-
self of the power he possesses to remove the
Secretary absolutely. According to the theory
of the usurpationists, if he had not actcd under
this statute in the suspension, he would have
had the power of removal. This is absurd.
He had the right to choose which of the powers
granted him he would exercise in the lirst in-
stance. He had the power both to suspend
and to remove, and the exorcise of either power
cannot estop him from resort to the other. Jn
law General Thomas is Secretary of War while
Stanton maintains himself in office by military
force and appeals to Congress to sustain him in
rebellion.
A parallel ease would be that of a postmaster
who, after having been removed, should refuse to
deliver his papers and keys to his legally-com-
missioned successor and barricade himself in
his office. The War Department is one branch
of the executive department of the Govern-
ment—a part of the Presidency itself—and Con-
gress has 110 more power to legislate the Pres-
ident out of the control of this portion of tho
Presidency than it has by legislation to deprive
him of the Presidency altogether. It is pro-
posed, however, in the first place, to deprive
the President of one seventh of his office—the
War Department—and then, by his impeach-
ment, to seize upon the remaining six sevenths,
for the avowed reason that he has endeavored
in a legal manner to rid himself of an obnox-
ious and insubordinate clerk. With the same
propriety might Congress, when General Grant
was engaged in crushing the rebellion, have
endeavored to force General Butler upon him
as a confidential aid or a division commander.
The President is formally charged by this
House with having committed high ciimes and
misdemeanors. What are his crimes'/ As I
have said, he has sought lawfully to remove a
subordinate who defies his authority and who
teaches rebellion to the Army and the people;
to change one member of his official family,
one of his advisers,' who has no legal powers
exeeptthose derived from thcExeeutive. The
President has no motive in this except to better
enable himself to carry out tho policy which ha
deems essential to the restoration of peace and
Union; a policy which he inherited from Pres-
ident Lincoln; a policy which was inaugurated
by the Republican party in 1864 as the one best
adapted to secure the results of the war ; a
policy which was opposed only by the extremists
of that year on the ground that it contained the
element of "charity for all, malice toward none,''
who also resisted the retiomination of Abraham
Lincoln because he was too tender-hearted, too
conservative. Look for one moment at the
record of Andrew Johnson ! A member of the
Senate when the southern conspiratois were
developing their treason in Washington, he sev-
ered his connection with his colleagues and
stood up boldly in bis place to denounce both
t!ie treason and the traitors. o ,,.ie
Johnson, the patriot, was thus engaged the
Representative at large from Illinois, Hon.
John A. Logax, one of his impeaehers, was
telling his constituents "that the Republican
party was a sectional party, designed by the
Radicals and rebels of the North to abolish
slavery, to establish negro suffrage, to inaugu-
rate a war which would result in the overthrow
of the Constitution and the erection of a des-
potism on its ruins." While the Radicals ho
then denounced are now laboring to convert
his prophecy into history Johnson is resolutely
now, as then, observing his oath to preserve and
defend the Constitution. As the secession
movement progressed Andrew Johnson never
faltered in his loyalty to the Union. He was
driven by the rebels from his own State; he
periled his life in the conflict; in short, lie
so commended himself by his whole career
during the rebellion to the favor of the party
that then professed to be anxious to restore the
Union that, to thcexclus'ion of other able men,
lie was nominated for the second office in the
gift of the people, against the protest of the
extremists who now jostle each other in the
front rank of his revilers and accusers.
| The majority of the delegates to the Balti-
| more convention of 16J4 had not been edu-
! eatcd up to the idea that the rebellion was a
| success, and they voted down the disunnmLts,
who demanded the Vice Pie.-i'!euc\ for a New
| England Radical, and who sub. <.quuitl} uomi-
J nated John C. Kiemont for the 1'iesidein"..
jj Lincoln and Johnson were elected, and v. hen.
]i shortly after their inauguration, the bullet of
1 a cowardly assassin had deprived the country
'' of its chosen President, and Mr. Johntfn huu
l! succeeded to the executive office. the Radicals
j, were delighted that a man ot'sterner stuff was
to deal wills the questions of the day. They
h:is:er.etl to tempt him >\-jh the br'be of ab^o-
. lute power, to be exi nt-ised they should
i! direct and in the interest of faction. They
