1768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
directed to famish this House with the following in-
formation : , „
"1. What efforts, if any, have been made for the
recovery of confederate property in Europe, and if
any contracts have been made with any party or
parties by which said parties are to receive a share
of the property recovered, and if so, to transmit
copies of such contracts, and ali correspondence
relating thereto; and to state the names of all such
parties, and all agents, or attorneys, that have been,
or ar^novr employed in prosecuting the claims of the
Qovernmentfor such property, anduponwhosereeom-
mendations said agents or attorneys were appointed,
and where said agents resided previous to their ap-
pointments, and the amount of money paid to such
agents or attorneys, or agreed to be i>aid, and out of
■what fund paid, and by authority of what law, and
if any such agents have before been employed as
cotton agents in the South, and if so the names of
such agents.
"2. If a settlement hasbeen made with the firm of
Frazor, Trenholm, & Co., and if so, on what torms,
and to furnish copies of all correspondence and agree-
ments in regard to such settlements."
Nearly four months liave elapsed since that
resolution was adopted, but no answer has yet
been returned. If a truthful answer ever shall
be made it will show that such a contract as
is named in the resolution was given to a pri-
vate party, proposing to allow him one half of
all that might be recovered that was situated in
Great Britain. There is good reason to be-
lieve that property of that kind existed in Eng-
land at the close of the rebellion exceeding
$10,000,000.
The Secretary does not answer. He may well
be ashamed to answer ; but I will state for him,
that last summer London was full of Treasury
bummers, under pay, I have no doubt, of the
Treasury Department, holding, as was under-
stood, daily and nightly orgies at the " Blue
Dragon," in Bishopsgate street, and bringing
our country and Government to shame. Through
the gross mismanagement of the Treasury De-
partment, and in the attempt to divide up the
proceeds among a set of cormorants and har-
pies, I am satisfied that not a dollar will ever
reach the United States Treasury.
Mr. BLAINE. The most of the confeder-
ate property would have been obtained if the
arrangement made by Freeman H. Morse, our
consul at London, had been ratified by the
Government instead of giving roving commis-
sions-to others.
Mr. WASHBURN, of "Wisconsin. I believe
that is true.
The gentleman from Illinois and myself can-
not disagree upon the general subject of the
mismanagement of the Treasury Department,
and I have no doubt that what he says is true,
that the Treasury Department has turned over
to disloyal claimants millions upon millions,
of which there is no record in the Treasury
Department. This fact makes it only the more
apparent that there should be no delay in pass-
ing this joint resolution.
The gentleman from Illinois will find I will
second any effort he may make to open up the
abuses of the Treasury Department. I simply
adverted to this case as a small ease. I have
no doubt you will find worse cases than the
one I have alluded to if you go to the bottom
of them. You will find from another docu-
ment which I hold in my hand, No. 97, that
some thirty-four million dollars of captured
and abandoned property has come into the
hands of the Secretary of the Treasury, a con-
siderable portion of which he has covered into
the Treasury in pursuance of law, and a large
portion of which he has disposed of in utter
violation of law.
I think that this discussion has demonstrated
the necessity for immediate action on this joint
resolution; and I hope that the House will
concur in the amendment of the Senate, with
an amendment striking out the last section
making an appropriation of §100,000.
Mr. ALLISON. I understand the gentle-
man to say, since he has offered his resolu-
tion, that the Secretary of the Treasury has
not disposed of any more of this money. Now,
this is a question which involved great debate
in the Senate. The joint Committee on Re-
trenchment has also had the subject under
consideration for some time. It seems to me,
therefore, that this resolution and the Senate
amendment should go to that committee or to
some other committee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. There
was a protracted debate in the Senate, but it
ought not to have been discussed one hour.
It is so plain and so just that neither House
should hesitate one moment to pass it. It
simply directs the money the Secretary of the
Treasury holds in his hands in violation of
law, as well as all other persons so holding
money, to cover it into the Treasury, and sub-
jects them to penalties unless they do so.
Mr. ALLISON. No harm can be done by
referring it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Yes, sir;
every delay works harm. We do not know
what is going on. Therefore with this amend-
ment I now demand the previous question.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Delay will work no in-
jury. This money will remain without pay-
ment in the hands of the Secretary of the
Treasury. When the Committee on Retrench-
ment commenced its examination they re-
quested the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
out no more of this money, and he has not
done so. This money will remain there in
consequence of that action of the joint com-
mittee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It is all
true, sir, that that money ought not to remain
there. It should be covered into the Treasury
and go to pay some of our bonds. Now, who
gets the interest-on that $1,200,000? The
money is not lying idle. Who gets the use
of it?
Mr. VAN WYCK. I with to state that the
evidence introduced shows that more of these
cotton claims have been allowed by the Court
of Claims than by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. If the gentleman from Wisconsin would
direct his attention there he will see that if the
doors of that court are left open all these men
will carry off all the cotton captured by the
Government. That is a point to which I wish
specially to call his attention.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
not entirely neglected the Court of Claims. I
well understand that matter. At the July
session 1 offered a resolution calling upon them
for a list of all the judgments entered up in
that court. It was furnished, and may be found
among our documents. Gentlemen can send
for it and see for themselves. I have seen it;
and I will say that the amount of judgments
are much less than was supposed. I say now
to the gentleman from New York that I am not
particularly in love with the Court of Claims,
although I think it is well constituted. I believe
that honest men are judges there, but still I can
see that practically the whole Treasury of the
United States is in the hands of a, solicitor of
the Court of Claims. lie really has the key
to the Treasury, for as he presents the cases
so they must be decided; and for that reason
I thought it well, when I offered the resolu-
tion, that the House should keep an eye on
the Court of Claims, and see and know what
judgments were being rendered there, and
that without reflecting in any way upon the
court or any of its officers. I demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof theamendmentof Mr. Washburn,
of Wisconsin, striking out the last section, was
agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was then agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. I wish to know whether it
is usual to incorporate penal acts in joint res-
olutions?
The SPEAKER. That is not a parlia-
mentary inquiry; therefore the Chair will not
answer it.
The joint resolution, as amended, was then
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, moved to
rcconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was passed ; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INVALID PENSION APPROPRIATION BILL.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendments of the Senate to House
bill No. 678, making appropriations for the
payment of invalid and other pensions of the
United States for the year ending June 30,1809.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to refer the
amendments to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
The motion was agreed to.
PHILIP R. FENDALL.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 2G8, for the relief of the
legal representatives of the late Philip R. Fen-
dall; which was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the payment to the legal
representatives of the late Philip R. Fendall,
for labor performed in editing the writings of
James Madison, the sum of $2,100.
Mr. BALDWIN. I move the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. BALDWIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAMES m'intosh.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 102, instructing
the Superintendent of the Asylum for the Insane
in the District of Columbia to admit Jamea
Mcintosh on the same footing as indigent
insane persons of the District; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask that the resolu-
tion be put upon its passage. All I have to say
is this unfortunate person has no relative able
to support him. This resolution of the Senate
proposes to place him on the same footing as
other unfortunate persons. I hope the House
will concur in the proposition.
The joint resolution was read the third time,
and passed.
Mr/ INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ASSAY OFFICE IN IDAHO.
Mr. BLAINE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to report back House
bill No. 264, to locate and establish an assay
office in the Territory of Idaho.
The bill locates at Boise city, in Idaho Ter-
ritory, an office for the assaying of gold and
silver, and provides for the appointment, as
soon as the public interest shall require their
service, of a superintendent, at a salary of
§2,000; an assayer, at a salary of $1,800; a
melter and refiner at $1,800 ; one clerk at
$1,800, and one at $1,600. Subordinatework-
men and laborers are to be employed by the
superintendent at such wages and allowances
as are customary according to their respective
occupations. It appropriates $75,000 for the
construction of an assay office immediately
after the passage of this act.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman if he intended to relieve the officers
provided for in this bill from taking the ordi-
nary oath, commonly called the "test-oath?"
Mr. BLAINE. That was not the intention
of the committee.
_Mr. MAYNARD. The bill as it stands cer-
tainly does.
Mr. BLAINE. I think not.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think it does. It ex-
pressly provides that they shall be required to
take an oath to discharge the duties of their
offices, which, of course, establishes the oath
which the}' are to take.
