884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
else living on the earth against whom this same
exhibition could be preferred.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business. *
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope my friend will
•withdraw that motion for a moment to enable
me to offer a resolution of inquiry.
Mr. RAMSEY. I yield for that purpose.
condition op equal rights dill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Ioffer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration.
I presume there will be no objection to it:
Whereas Senate bill No. 141, entitled "An act far
the further security of equal rights in the District of
Columbia^' having at this present session passed
both Houses of Congress, was afterward, on the 11th
day of December, 1867, duly presented to the Presi-
dent of the United States for his approval and signa-
ture: and whereas more than ten days, exclusive of
Sundays, have since elapsed hi this session without
said bill bavins been returned either approved or
disapproved: Therefore,
ltetolved; That the President of the United States
be requested to inform the Senate whether said bill
has been delivered to and received by the Secretary
of State as provided by the second section of the act
of the 27th day of July, 1789.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
bill introduced.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 230) authorizing writs of error from the
circuit to the district courts of the United
States in certain criminal cases; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judieiary, and ordered to be
printed.
southern state governments.
Mr. MORTON. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Iictolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to report a bill abrogating the unauthor-
ized and illegal State governments now existing in
Virginia, Georgia, Alabama, Louisiana, Texas, Flor-
ida, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Arkansas,
and providing provisional governments for the said
States until such time as the same have been recon-
structed under the several acts of Congress passed for
that purpose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator ask for the present consideration of
the resolution?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
it if the frame of the resolution is changed a
little so as to require an inquiry ; but I should
object to an instruction to the committee to
report such a bill. That would decide a very
important question on a simple resolution. I
hardly think the Senate would be willing to do
that. If the Senator thinks proper to change
the phraseology of the resolution so as to direct
the committee to inquire into the propriety of
reporting such a bill I have no sort of objec-
tion to it.
Mr. MORTON. I had that matter under
consideration, and I propose on this resolution
to take the sense of the Senate, and if the
sense of the Senate shall be in favor of this
resolution to make it the duty of that com-
mittee to report such a bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope the Senator will
not insist upon committing the Senate to any
particular bill until we have had an oppor-
tunity to know what the bill is. I think it
would depend very much upon the nature of
the bill as to whether I should be willing to
vote for it or not. To compel the Senate to
say now whether they would or would not
support any bill that might be reported would
seein to me to be a little premature in action,
and I hope the Senator will not insist upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the resolution is to
be in that shape I object to its consideration,
and it cannot be considered to-day.
Mr. SUMNER. It is under consideration
now. It is too late to object to its consider-
ation. It is under consideration.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion had not been put as to whether the Senate
would agree to consider it or not. I suppose,
objection being made, it lies over under the
rule until to-morrow.
Mr. MORTON. I will simply say in response
to the Senator from Oregon that of course
this resolution does not bind the Senate to
support any bill that the committee may report.
It simply directs the committee to report a
bill, and then if the bill be not acceptable to
the Senate of course it will not pass and it will
be subject to amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to make a
suggestion to the Senator if he will allow me
to do so. It seems to me a resolution of this
sort is rather a mode of circumlocution. If
the committee is to be peremptorily instructed
to report a bill to that effect and the sense of
the Senate is to be taken on the resolution why
not present the bill at once and let the Senate
vote upon that? It would certainly save time,
and I submit to the Seuator from Indiana that
it would be the more direct and more satis-
factory course, for then not only the general
proposition but the particular bill would be
before the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
nothing before the Senate. The resolution,
being objected to, goes over under the rule.
Mr. SUMNER. I understood the discussion
had already commenced. It is too late to
object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Indiana want his resolution
printed?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be entered.
Mr. MORTON. Does the Chair decide that
my resolution must go over until to-morrow?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It goes
over because an objection is made to it, and
one objection carries it over.
enrolled bills.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhebsoit, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled joint resolutions:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 70) authorizing
Rear Admiral H. K. Thatcher to accept a deco-
ration from the King of the Hawaiian islands;
A joint resolution (3. R. No. 80) in relation
to the erection of a jail in the District of Co-
lumbia ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 83) for the
appointment of Regents of the Smithsonian
Institution; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 130) in rela-
tion to the sale of stock in the Dismal Swamp
Canal Company.
CONTRACTION OF THE CURRENCY.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to submit a motion,
if there is nothing before the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
nothing before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the pending
unfinished business be postponed with a view
to take up the bill in regard to the contraction
of the currency. I do not propose to have it
considered to-night, but to leave it as the
unfinished business for to-morrow, so that the
order of business may he settled for to-morrow
without any confusion. -
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
what has become of the motion of the Senator
from Minnesota to go into executive session ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That was
withdrawn.
Mr. RAMSAY. Every one importuned me
to withdraw it; but if it be in order I renew
it now.
Mr. SHERMAN, My motion will settle the
order of business for to-morrow, and I hope it
will be agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to my friend
from Ohio to put his motion in different shape ;
just move that the further consideration of the
subject which lias been under discussion to-day
be postponed until to-morrow, and let it go
over, and when to-morrow comes it can be
passed over with a view to take up his bill. I
shall not object to that. I probably shall not
see the remarks of the Senator from Illinois
in time to answer them to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. The effect is the same.
Extending the usual courtesy here, as the Sen-
ator asks to see the remarks of the Senator
from Illinois in printbefore he replies to them,
we probably cannot continue to-morrow the
discussion of the joint resolution now pending,
and therefore I make this motion, so that the
unfinished business may be the bill for sus-
pending the contraction of the currency. I
think there is no objection to that course.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better
leave until to-morrow the settlement of these
, questions as to what is to come up. If the Sen-
: ator from Maine is in a condition to go on to-
morrow I should like to see this joint resolu-
tion passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senatorfrom Maine
has already stated that he probably will not
be prepared to speak to-morrow.
I Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
! Maine to-morrow asks to have it go over, of
1 course the Senate will consent to the post-
ponement ; but it will be time enough to do it
then.
| Mr. SHERMAN. I hope this bill will be
: taken up now, so that the order of business for
j, to-morrow will be settled now, and thus avoid
jj the wasting of an hour upon it to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I renew the motion to
go into executive session. Let us dispose of
the executive business on the table, and then
to-morrow we can settle these other questions.
Mr. SHERMAN. On that motion I call
for a division, simply to get the sense of the
Senate.
Mr. MORTON. I hope the motion of the
Senator from Ohio will prevail. It seems to
me there is no question before this Senate now
so important to decide as the question of the
further contraction of the currency.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the motion to proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes six,
noes not counted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio to proceed to the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 213) to suspend further reduc-
tion of the currency.
The motion was agreed to.
executive session.
Mr. CONNESS. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. .
Wednesday, January 8, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
ORDER or BUSINESS.
Mr. McCLURG. I ask unanimous consent
to present a memorial, and to have it read.
It will take about four minutes of time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The first business in
order during the morning hour, which has
now commenced, is the call of committees for
reports, commencing with the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
message from the senate. *
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, announcing that that
body had passed a bill (H. R. No. 207) to pro-
vide for the exemption of cotton from internal
tax, with amendments, in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
