2792
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Jim®
for other purposes,"..approved June g?, 1864; and so
much of an act entitled " A'n aetto regulate the fees
of custom-house officers on thenorthiTr'n, northeast-
ern, and northwestern frontiers of tKe-United States,"
approved March 3,1865, and all other acts or parts
of acts conflietmst with or supplied by this act, be,
and the same are hereby, repealed'.
The bill was ordered to Be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
" Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
252) to establish an additional land district in
the State of Minnesota. It is a bill that was
agreed to unanimously by the Committee on
Public Lands, and will occupy but little time
of the Senate. It was introduced by the Sena-
tor from Minnesota, [Mr. Ramsey,] and he
desires to have it passed.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole, it
proposes to authorize the President of the
lAiited States to establish an additional land
district in Minnesota, embracing all that part
of the present northwestern land district which
lies north of township No. 12G north, and west
of range No. 35, west of the fifth principal
meridian, and to fix from time to time the
boundaries thereof, which district shall be
named after the place at which the office shall
first be established; and the President is to
have power to fix from time to time the loca-
tion of the office for such district. The Presi-
dent is to appoint, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, a register and receiver
for this land district, who shall be required to
reside at the site of the land office, who shall
be subject to the same laws and responsibilities,
and whose compensation respectively shall be
the same as that now allowed by law to other
land officers in said State.
The bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY". There is a misprint in
the bill. In the seventh line the word " six "
should be "four," so as to read "north of
township No. 124, north."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That amend-
ment will be considered as made, and it is
made accordingly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ I should really like to
know what the necessity is of establishing a
new land district in the State of Minnesota.
What do you call a land district? What officers
does it involve the appointment of?
Mr. POMEROY. This is a section of
country, embracing about a third of the State,
which has never had any land district in it.
A land district is a section of a State whore
there is a land office, to which settlers go to
enter their lands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It involves the appoint-
ment of a register and receiver, 1 suppose.
Mr. POMEKOY. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is that all?
Mr. POMEROY. That is all. It is a matter
of convenience to settlers not to have to go
more than fifty or one hundred miles to a land
office. In my State, in some instances, they
have to go over one hundred miles.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has it been customary
to establish several land offices in one State?
_ Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir; and to discon-
tinue them from time to time as the lands are
settled and entered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, sir; if the
committee recommend the bill I make no
objection.
Mr. POMEROY. This bill creates a register
and receiver, but their salaries are only $-300
a year each.
Mr. JOHNSON. But besides that they get
fees.
Mr. POMEROY. The rest of their compen-
sation is paid by fees for the business they do.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
souTin:nx pacific kailroad.
Mr. OONNEiS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
<1'.)2) to extend the time for the contraction of
the Southern Pacific railroad, in the State of
California, reported yesterday from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. It will not occupy
much time.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides that the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company, of the State of California, shall,
instead of the times now fixed by law for the
construction of the first section of its road and
telegraph line, have until the 1st of July, 1870,
for the construction of the first thirty miles,
and shall bo required to construct at least
twenty miles every year thereafter, and the
whole line of the road within the time now
provided by law.
Mr. CONNESS. I will simply say, in ex-
planation, that a grant of lands was made in
1866 to aid in the construction of this road;
that the company are now engaged in it, and
have contracted for the construction of thirty .
miles, and this is to extend their time, as done
in other cases.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the entire time
within which the road is to be completed ?
Mr. CONNESS. By 1872, I think.
Mr. JOHNSON. This does not change that.
Mr. CONNESS. Not at all.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I understand
that a portion of this road is contracted for
and operations have been commenced, and that
it will be completed within the present sum-
mer, early in the summer.
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLE. I would ask my colleague if
the time extended is not rather too long ; the
bill proposes until 1870. Would not a shorter
time answer every purpose?
Mr. CONNESS. It is an extension for only
two years, which is the extension usually given.
The probability is that they may have the thirty
miles constructed within the next year ; but as
the next session of Congress is to be a very
short one and probably crowded with business,
there may be difficulty in getting a further
extension of time if it should be necessary.
So we thought it was best to ask for this exten-
sion now.
Mr. COLE. But the first thirty miles are
to be completed within a few months, as I
understand.
Mr. CONNESS. Not withinafew months.
Mr. COLE. I understand so ; they are to be
completed this summer. I have no objection
to the extension of time; but if there is any
way to expedite the construction of the road
1 would gladly see that object accomplished.
Mr. POMEROY. The company are not
obliged to take the time.
Mr. CONNESS. Not at all; they will not
take it probably.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
UNION CHAPEL.
Mr. WILLEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 433.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
433) authorizing the trustees of Union Chapel,
of the Methodist Episcopal church, in the city
of Washington, to mortgage their property for
church purposes, was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to authorize George Reindhart, John
By ram, John B. Hines, William Worth, and
George T. McGiue, trustees of Union Chapel,
of the Methodist Episcopal church, in the city
i of Washington, to execute and deliver a mort-
! gage on lot No. 28 and lot No. 2'J, in square
No. 101, belonging to that church in the city
of Washington, in order thereby to enable these
trustees to procure money for the purpose of
erecting a parsonage on those lots and other-
wise improving them, for the use and benefit
of the church, in manner and form as the legally
constituted authorities of the church shall pre-
scribe and direct.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
BILLS Of COMMITTEE ON COMMKKCE.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to have a day-
set apart for the consideration of bills from
the Committee on Commerce ; and I move that
Saturday next, if that be agreeable to the Sen-
ate, be set apart for the consideration of the
business from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CONNESS. I, ofeourso, have tio objec-
tion, but the Senator, it appears to mc, for
commerce, takes a good deal of time. He
has occupied all this morning and a morning
a few days since with a very important bill from
that committee, and if he is to have a day set
apart for him he ought not to poach upon other
time; the Senator will forgive the use of that
word.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator evidently does not comprehend the entire
commercial interests of the United States,
[laughter,] or he would understand that they
require a little more time than a half hour in
the morning. However, if Saturday is not
agreeable to the Senate, I will name any other
day, but I mentioned Saturday in the hope
that it would be agreeable to the Senate. • I
move that Saturday be set apart for the^con-
sideration of bills reported from the Commit-
tee on Commerce. /
The motion was agreed to. /
TERRITORY OE WyOJlIXa
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is now before the
Senate, the morning hour having expired, being
the bill (S. No. 3o7) to provide a temporary gov-
ernment for the Territory of Wyoming. This
bill is before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole, and will be read.
The bill was read.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The Com-
mittee on Territories have reported the bill
with several amendments, which will be re-
ported.
Mr. YATES. Before the amendments are
reported I will state that there is nothing mate-
rial in those amendments; aud before they are
read, I desire to make a very brief statement,
from the tables aud representations laid before
the committee, of the extent, resources, aud
population of this new Territory. .
Dakota Territory, which comprises almost
all the proposed Territory of Lincoln, is com-
posed of two immense areas almost distinct
from each other ; more distinct than the terri-
tories of Wisconsin and Illinois or Missouri and
Iowa, for the latter States join each other con-
tiguously in their whole breadth, while the two
divisions of Dakota only touch each oilier for
about one quarter of the extent of the Terri-
tory north and south—for only about two de-
grees on the 104th meridian of west longitude.
The eastern division is nearly four hundred
miles square, extending from latitude 43° north
to 49° north, and from longitude 9G° and some
minutes west to longitude 104° west. In this
area, aud near the eastern boundary, is Ya,ne-
ton, the capital of the Territory. I'lie other
area extends from latitude 41° to 40° north,
and from longitude 104° to 1110 west, being
about three hundred and fifty miles long and
three hundred wide, and out of this latter area
it is proposed to constitute the Territory of
Lincoln. If symmetry is to be regarded in
carving out these embryo Stales the proposed
division at a glance upon the map fuily com-
mends itself.
The population of the proposed Territory is
estimated at not less than twenty thousand at
the present time, which is a much larger por-
tion than the eastern division is reported to
contain. These twenty thousand people are
practically without the benefits of civil govern-
ment in the Territory on account of the immense
distance from Tancton, the territonal seal of
government, the distance being about seven
hundred miles by the nearest route of travel.
The intervening country is mtested by Indians,
who render travel insecure and expensive.
Add to this the inclemency of winter and the
great length of the journey, and it is found that
the proper administration of justice through
