1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279&
the territorial courts in the western part of
Dakota is almost impossible and attended with
enormous expense both to litigants and (in
criminal cases) to the Government. Under
these cireumsfanees there is apprehension and
real danger that the people in that remote
region in necessary self-defense will resort to
vigilance committees and lynch-law unless
Congress provides against it by increased
judicial facilities or a separate territorial organ-
ization.
The resources of the proposed Territory are
represented to us as large and rapidly devel-
oping, through the enterprise of the hardy
pioneers, who are gathering there by thou-
sands, attracted by the discovery of gold depos-
its, which in richness are unsurpassed on the
continent. There are also valuable springs of
petroleum, which will prove a source of wealth,
aud provide for the profitable employment of
emigrants. Goal deposits also of large extent,
which must furnish fuel for the Union Pacific
railroad, and for the population along its line
for hundreds of miles, have been discovered,
and are being successfully worked. This is an
item of great importance, resulting from the
scarcity of timber in that region.
The rapid construction of the Pacific rail-
road in the direction of this Territory is without
a parallel. Less than'ayear ago not a mile of
railway was constructed. By the next autumn
there will be completed four hundred miles
stretching across the Territory. There are
already twenty thousand people living on this
line; and unquestionably this number will be
doubled, perhaps trebled, within the present
year. _ _ ]
In addition to the large mining interests, and
the impetus to trade which is given by this
great national highway, the Territory abounds
in rich valleys, capable of supporting a large
pastoral population. Cities aud towns are
springingup, and dot the plain for hundiedsof
miles. Cheyenne City, which was laid out on
the 4th day of July, lHti.7, has already five
thousand inhabitants; and habitations have
continued to be erected throughout the present
winter. South Pass City, laid out in Novem-
ber last, has six hundred people, aud is rapidly
increasing; and so of various towns and vil-
lages.
The bill proposes to detach a small portion
of territory now included under the organiza-
tion of Utah. It is but one degree in extent
from north to south, aud the same from east to
west. In this little square is located Fort
liridger, a military post of some importance.
The population to be thus transferred from
Utah to the new Territory—with a single excep-
tion—is entirely gentile, as they are designated
by Mormons, and have petitioned us for the
transfer. It is also proposed to transfer an
irregularly-shaped strip of territory nearly a
degree in width, and something over two degrees
in length from north to south, now attached to
Idaho. This was deemed proper by the com-
mittee in order to attain symmetry in the geo-
graphical boundaries of the new 'territory. The
committee was not advised that there is a dis-
senting voice among the inhabitants of the
portion of Utah to the proposed change. On
the contrary, being separated by a lofty range
of mountains from their territorial seal of gov-
ernment, they eagerly accept the change. The
committee aie told that there is not a single
inhabitant in the portion of Idaho transferred
by this bill, therefore 110 opposition can come
from that quarter.
The citizens and authorities of Dakota Ter-
ritory express a strong desire that this bill may
have the approval of Congress.
Looking at its resources and the prospective
early completion of the Union Pacific railroad
through its entire breadth, and the rapidity with
which emigration is seeking its borders, I can-
not doubt that in a few years it will become
one of our most prosperous western States.
The PRESIDENT pru tent-pure. The first
amendment reported by the Committee 011
Territories will now be read.
The Chief Clerk read the first amendment,
which was in section one, line three, after the
words "all part of the" to strike out the fol-
lowing words:
Territory now known as Dakota, lying west of the
(mo hundred and fourth degree of we-t longitude,
be, and the same is hereby, organized into a tempo-
rary government by the name of the Territory of
Wyoming.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
United States, described as follows: commencing
at the iuteisection of the twenty-seventh meridian
of longitude west from Washington with the forty-
fifth degree of north latitude, and running thence
we.-,t to the thirty-fourth meridian of west longitude,
thence south to (he forty-thst degree of north lati-
tude. tbenee east to the twenty-seventh meridian of
west longitude, and thence north to the place of be-
ginning, be, and the same is hereby, organized into a
temporary government by the name of the Territory
ot Lincoln.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose the chair-
man of the Committee on Territories has ex-
amined this description with care.
Mr. YATES. Yes, sir; very carefulljr.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But it would not do
at all according to Johnson's Atlas.
Mr. YATES. What is the matter with it ?
Sir. HENDRICKS. It does not fall in the
section of the country where it is proposed to
establish this Territory.
Mr. YATES. The Senator will fiftd that it
is all right. I will state that the committee
examined it from the new maps prepared, and
we had the liewly-elccted delegate from the
Territory before us. 1 hope the bill will not
be delayed. It will have to go to the House
of Itepiesentatives, and I trust the Senate will
pass it to-day. The map which the Senator
lias before him does not show the true state of
the case at all. We have a new map.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This description of the
new Territory will leave a singular-shaped Ter-
ritory for Idaho, a little 011 the north, and a
little 011 the south, and a little on the west of
the new Territory.
Mr. YATES. I assure the honorable Sen-
ator that when he comes to examine the new
map, he will be satisfied; if not, it can be cor-
rected afterward.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think we
ought to pass the bill until it is right.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me there
cannot be any mistake about the boundaries
as they are hero described. It is a mere par-
allelogram ; the latitudes and longitudes are
given :
Commencing at the intersection of the twenty-
seventh meudian of longitude west fiom Washing-
ton with the iorty-f tth degree oi north latitude—
'That is a point fixed exactly, of course—
and running tbenee west to the thirty-fourth me-
ridian of west longitude—
That is plain—
thence south to tho forty-first degree of north lati-
tude
'That is square—
thence east to the twenty-seventh meridian of west
longitude—
The same meridian they commenced on—
and thence north to the place of beginning.
It is utterly impossible that this description
should be wiong, because it is four degrees of
latitude wide and seven degrees of longitude—
a square form. There cannot be any mistake
about the boundaries. It is a parallelogram,
parallel lines, not a square exactly, but a par-
allelogram as near as geographical lines ever
are.
[A large map, the one referred to by Mr.
Yates, ■was brought into the Chamber, and
Senators gathered in a group around it, exam-
ining it.]  
Mr. YATES. The Senator from Indiana, I
believe, is satisfied that the description in the
bill is rinrkt.
Mr. HENDRICKS. From an examination
of the map prepared at the Indian office, which
I presume is correct, the description seems to
be correct as contained in the bill. Judging,
however, from Johnson s Atlas, it would not
be at all correct. For the present, therefore,
I do not object to the description ot the Ter-
ritory.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. 1 he ques-
tion is on the amendment of the committee.
_ Mr. SUMNER. On that amendment I desire
simply to call the attention of my friend, the
chairman of the Committee on Territories, to
that part which relates to the change of name.
I observe that the Iiouse of Representatives,
in the bill as it comes from their committee,
call this Territory by the Indian name of
Wyoming. Our committee proposes a substi-
tute for Wyoming. Of course, it is impossible
for me to make any suggestion that shall be in
any way disparaging of the name that is pro-
posed by our committee; but I have always
thought that in naming these Territories, des-
tined, of course, hereafter to be States, we
should, if possible, select names that belong to
the soil; that aie, if I may so say, aboriginal; •
that grow out of the country itself; 111 other
words, the Indian names. They are generally
more beautiful; they are certainly more ori-
ginal and interesting. I da- not wish to make
any opposition to the recommendation of the
committee, and if my friend thinks it advisable
to persevere in the proposed change, and sub-
stitute Lincoln for Wyoming, I, of course,
should yield. I content myself with calling
attention to the proposed change ; and that is
nil I shall do.
Mr. YATES. I do not know that the com-
mittee were particularly tenacious as regards
the name. It was not considered that there
was any particular reason, from locality or
otherwise, why this Territory should be called
Wyoming, and the committee were unanimous
in agreeing that it should be called Lincoln.
For myself, I should prefer an Indian name,
wherever it is to be had, especially one that
was applicable to the Territory, by which some
original tribe of the Indians was called.
Mr. SHERMAN. Whynotcall it Cheyenne?
That is the name of the Indian tribe who have
from time immemorial existed there, or just
south ol'theie.
Mr. NYE. What does that name mean?
What is the signification of it'.'
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it means snakes.
Mr. NYE. We do not want any snakes.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SHE RM AN. Cheyenne is a very pretty
name. The name of Mississippi has a very
bud signification. Look at the name of the
Ohio. 'That is called the beautiful river.
There is not a more pretty name in our lan-
guage than Chicago, but it is a very bad one
in the Indian tongue.
Mr. NY'E. In my opinion, if the name is
to be changed at all, from what the committee
propose, it had better be Wyoming.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 ask the chairman if the
name of Wyoming is not found in the Territory ?
Mr. YATES. No, sir; it belongs to Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. SUMNER. I know, originally; but
then what suggested this name for this Ter-
ritory?
Mi. DOOLITTLE. It was suggested by
General Ashley.
Mr. SUMNER. But what suggested it to
General Ashley?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Because it is a beauti-
ful name.
Mr. YATES. I was about to remark that
although individually I might prefer an Indtan
name, yet there was some piopriety 111 calling
this Territory after Mr. Lincoln. We have
but one Territory called after an individual,
and that is Washington. The circumstances
attending the death of Mr. Lincoln, ins assas-
sination, and the high esteem in which he was
held by the country, not only by his own party,
but by the opposite party, suggested his name
as a very appropriate one, and 1 think the
committee were unanimous in reporting the
name of Lincoln instead of Wyoming.
Mr. POMEROY. If this Territory is to
have a new name, if it is to be named after
any man, perhaps the name of Lincoln it> as
unobjectionable as any ; but we have generally
named the States, when they became States,
after the name of the Territories of which they
were composed. We have never had any State
named alter any man, however good or great.
