1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3811
remove any obstructions in that river without
paying any damages to anybody; and we would
have the authority to remove this Rook Island
bridge. It has never been declared a nuisance
by any court. There have been various law-
suits in regard to damage to property in passing
up and down the river.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Has there ever been an
act making it a post route?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; there have been
various attempts to do that, but that has not
been accomplished. The proposition now, to
build a bridge, is not for the benefit of the
railroad company. This bridge is recom-
mended -by the engineer officers of the Governr
ment of the United States, and approved by
the Secretary of War for the convenience of
the armory and arsenal established upon the
island of Hock Island. The Senator from,Mas-
sachusetts does not know why there should be
any bridge, why there is a necessity for any at
all. The Senator from Iowa replies to that
that, that, was settled two years ago. We dis-
cussed if two years ago, and appropriated
$200,000 to commence this work. I suppose T
might say to the Senator from Massachusetts,
where is the necessity of the armory at Spring-
field, Massachusetts? Why are we appropri-
ating $1,000,000 every year there ? Probably
there is no necessity for it; we might as well
abolish it.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator says he
has no objection. Well, I have an objection.
I would not vote for abolishing it. I think we
have need for a manufactory of arms at Spring-
field; and that we must have arms in case of
war. 1 know how this country suffered, and
paiticulaily the West, for the want of arms
■when the recent rebellion broke out; I know
that there was not an arsenal with arms in it
from the Atlantic to the Rocky mountains, on
the line of the northern States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend talks about
that, but that is a settled matter. I ask him
to confine himself to the reasons showing the
necessity for this bridge.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have stated that the
engineer department say that a bridge is neces-
sary. Tliey recommend the construction of a
bridge. The island of Rock Island, as the Sen-
ate knows, is separated from the main laud by
water, and there must be some means of ac-
cess to it; and the engineers say that a bridge
is necessary, and they have recommended it.
In the construction of that bridge it is thought
desirable and economical to the Government
to biing in this railroad company and make
them pay half the expense. I am informed
that the engineers estimate the expense of the
bridge at $1,000,000; and the railroad com-
pany have entered into a contract to pay one
half of the expense of that construclion, so
that, it will cost the Government of the United
States $i00,000 and the railroad company
$500,000
Mr. MORRILL, cf Vermont. The Senator
does not state that precisely as the Senator
from Iowa does. The latter Senator says he
does not want the second section stricken out,
so as to compel them to do it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They have already come
to that understanding; and this bill, it has
been stated to the Senator from Vermont by
the Senator from Iowa certainly once, and I
think twice, was drawn up at the War Depart-
ment on an understanding between the com-
pany and the War Department, and the first
section provides that the railroad company
shall pay one half the cost of the construction
of thp bridge l'rom the island of Rock Island
to the Iowa shore, and shall build at their own
expense the entire bridge on the Illinois side.
Mr. HOWARD. What is to be the expense
of building from the island to the Iowa shore?
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 do not know the ex-
pense of tVat part of it, but the whole super-
structure is estimated at §1,000,000.
Mr. HOWARD. On both sides?
Mr. TRUMBULL. On both sides of the
island.
_ Mr. HOWARD. Then the bridge on that
side will probably be worth §500,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know what it
would be on that side, but the provision of the
bill is:
That the ownership of said bridge shall be and
remain m the United States, and the Rock Island
and Pacific Railroad Company shall have the right
of way over said bridge for nil purposes of transit
across the island and river, upon condition that the
said railroadcompany shall pay to the UuitedStates,
first, half the cost of the superstructure of the bridge
over the main channel and half the cost of keeping
the same in repair, and shall also build at its own
cost the bridge over that part of the river which is
on the cast side of the island of Rock Island, and
also the railroad on and across said island of Rook
Island; and upona full compliance with these condi-
tions said railroad company shall have the use of
said bridge for the purposes of free transit, but with-
out any claim to the ownership thereof; and said
railroad company shall, within six months a,fter said
new bridge is ready for use, remove their old bridge
from tile river and their railroad truck'from its pres-
ent location on the island of Rook; And provided
further. That the Government may permit any other
road or roads wishing to cross on said bridge to do so
by paying to the parties then in interest the propor-
tionate cost of said bridge.
The railroad company pays half the expense
of the bridge over the main channel, which is
west of the island of Rock Island, and the
bridge belongs to the United States, the United
States controls it, and the company is to have
the right to pass over it, and it is to be a wagon
bridge as well as a railroad bridge.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to ask the Senator a
question. My attention is just called to this
measure for the first time, and I wish to ask
of him if he conceives that Congress has the
power to declare any structure placed by pri-
vate parties over that river to be a nuisance
and upon their own motion to abate it without
paying damages to the owners of the structure?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I consider that the Uni-
ted States has the authority at any time to
remove an obstruction by declaring it a nuis-
ance, or without declaring it a nuisance, in
the navigable waters of that river, without dam-
ages to anybody. We appropriate millions of
dollars nearly every year to remove obstruc-
tions to the Mississippi river.
Mr. HOWE. But the question is whether
the determination of Congress that a certain
structure is a nuisance is final on the parties?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Congress has a right
to remove it whether it be an obstruction or
not.
Mr. HOWE. Remove a structure put there
by a private individual?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If a structure made by
any private party is an obstruction to the nav-
igable waters of the Mississippi, Congress by
law has a right to direct any officer to remove
it without incurring damages to anybody.
Mr. HOWE. 1 must say that upon that
question of law, I am obliged to differ with the
Senator from Illinois, with great diffidence and
respect. I think he is entirely wrong about
that. I think the only right that the Govern-
ment has to interfere with the private property
of any individual over waters or in waters, is
upon the ground that it is an obstruction to
navigation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A part of the present
bridge of course rests upon Rock Island. Is
not that the exclusive property of the United
States?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The island is, and you
can direct the bridge to be removed.
Mr. CORBETT. Then it is private prop-
erty, and it has been built with the consent of,
or without any objection from, the United
States, and the parties have been suffered to
use it for ten years. The question to my mind
now is whether the United States can, with-
out taking proper proceedings to condemn the
property, go and tear down that bridge and
destroy the rights of private property without
compensation. It seems to me that the Gov-
ernment has not the right without condemning
the bridge as a nuisance. If a commission is
appointed and it is condemned as a nuisance
and an obstruction to navigation, then it may
be torn down; but without that I cannot see
that there is any such right. It appears to me
that the bill is destructive of the rights of pri-
vate individuals and private property, and that
they can come upon the Government for dam-
ages. Unless there is an amendment made in
that respect, I cannot vote for the measure.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
The PRES1 DBNTpro tempore. The morning
hour having expired, the unfinished business
of yesterday is regularly before the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 ask that we be allowed to
take the vote upon this joint resolution, I
think a vote can be had in a few minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, let us have the
vote.
Mr. WILSON. 1 propose to discuss this
question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By unani-
mous consent the unfinished business of yester-
day may be laid aside informally.
Mr. WILSON. If the consideration of this
bridge bill is to be continued, 1 propose to dis-
cuss it now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us finish the tax bill,
I ask for the regular order.
Mr. HARLAN. I think there will be great
economy of time in taking the question on this
joint resolution now. There are doubtless a
few members of the Senate who are opposed
to it, but I think we can soon get a vote on it;
and in order to test the question, I move thai
the special order be postponed for thirty min-
utes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will not take long;
give us thirty minutes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think the tax bill
will take long.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Iowa moves that the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday he postponed for thirty min-
utes.
The motion was not agreed to, there being
on a division—ayes 17, noes 19.
ltEPORTS FROM PRINTING COMMITTEE.
Mr. ANTHONY The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a motion to print
the report of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating information relative to the purchase and
sale of vessels by the War Department during
the war of the rebellion, have directed me to
report it without recommendation. I move
its indefinite postponement. There is no use
in printing this document.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committee, to
whom was referred a resolution to print four
thousand additional copies of the report of the
Committee on Retrenchment upon the diplo-
matic and consular service of the united States,
have instructed me to report it back without
amendment and recommend its passage. I
ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the resolution wa3
considered andagreed to, as follows;
Resolved, That four thousand extra copies of the
report of the Committee on Retrenchment upon the
diplomatic and consular service of the United States
be printed for the use of the Senate.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
600} to authorize the sale of portions of the
military reservations at Forts Leavenworth
and Riley, in the State of Kansas; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill(S. No.
G01) granting land to the Territory of Dakota
in aid of the Sioux City and Pacific Railroad
Company, authorizing said company to extend
said road through the Territory of Dakota;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lauds, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. McDONALD asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 002) to provide levees to secure the
low lauds of Arkansas and Missouri from in-
