3818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
undation, and to encourage the settlement
thereof; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 603)
to aid in the construction of the International
Pacific railroad from Cairo, Illinois, to the Bio
Grande river, to authorize the consolidation of
certain railroad companies, and to provide
homesteads for the laborers on said roads;
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WELCH asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
604) regulating the times and places of hold-
ing the district and circuitcourts of the United
Stages for the northern district of Florida;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
rCBLIO buildings in new mexico.
Mr. YATES submitted the following reso-
lution j which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, that the Secretary of the Interior be
requested to inform the Senate what action, if any,
has been had in conscquence of the ninth section of
the act approved March 2,1807, directing him to pro-
cure an examination to be mado of the condition of
the public buildings in the Territory of New Mexico,
and report to the next Congress an estimate of what
amount is necessary to complete the same, and also
the sunm of money, if any, which have been expended
ra making such survey; also what sums, if any, havo
been expended in repairing or completing said pub-
lic buildings since the date of the above-mentioned
act.
report of academy of science.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following res-
olution : which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved that there be printed of the report of the
Rational Academy of Science for the year 1807,
together with the scientific memoirs appended to the
same, one thousand extra copies for the use of the
academy.
JfAVi'-YARD EMPLOYES.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, that the Secretary oftheNavybe directed
to report for th'c information of Congress the number
or persons employed in the navy-ya,rds, a.nd in what
capacity, on the 1st day of January, 1868, and the
number so employed on the 1st day of July, 1SC8.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to some and disa-
greed to other amendment of the Senate to the
bill (II. R. No. 818) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30, 1860, and for
other purposes, and agreed to other amend-
ments of the Senate with amendments ; asked
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the said bill,-and appointed
Mr. Elihu B. Wasiimtbne of Illinois, Mr.
Bes-jamix f. Butler of Massachusetts, and
Mr. William S. Holman of Indiana, conferees
on the part of the House.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 818) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 80, 1809,
and for other purposes, disagreed to by the
House, and the amendments of the House of
Representatives to other amendments of the
Senate.
On motion by Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, it
was
Reunited, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of
ltepresentatives, and disagree to the amendments
of ttie House to other amendments of the Senate
thereto, and agree to the conference asked by the
House on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Moriull of Maine, Mr. Harlax, and
Mr. Cole.
rights of citizens abroad.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to move to make
the bill reported by my friend from Massa-
chusetts, to protect American citizens abroad,
the special order for Friday evening next, at
half past seven o'clock. 1 wish to say in this
connection that 
Mr. SHERMAN. I must object. I-callfor
the regular order of business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The regu-
lar order is the unfinished business of yester-
day, and nothing else is in order except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator will
allow me to make this motion. It will not
interfere with business.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will lead to debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the motion ?
Mr. SUMNER. I prefer that the Senator
should withhold his motion for the present,
and that we may take the bill up some day
next week. I have my reasons for it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object, then.
The PRESIDENT;?™ tempore. The motion
is objected to, and cannot be received.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us go on with the
tax bill.
internal taxes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(II. II. No. 1281) to change and more effect-
ually secure the collection of internal tax on
distilled spirits and tobacco and to amend the
tax on bauks is now before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole. The Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Davis] is entitled to the floor
on an amendment which he was about to offer,
and has not yet sent it to the Chair.
Mr. CONNESS. Now, with the leave of
the Senator from Kentucky, and on this bill,
I wish to say what the courtesy of my friend
from Ohio would not permit me to say before,
that in the report of the Associated Press
made of the proceedings of the Senate the
other day when a motion was submitted for
evening sessions, it was stated that the Senate
refused to order evening sessions for the pur-
pose of considering the bill that I referred to a
moment since. That was not a correct report.
The Senate did not make any such refusal,
and that statement I desire the reporters to
take notice of this morning, because it is not
just to the Senate. I now desire, in conclu-
sion, to say that I accept the suggestion of the
honorable chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and with him or through
him will hope for the consideration of the bill
at an early day.
Mr. SUMNER. I should be glad to have
an understanding with the Senator at an early
day next week in regard to that bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I have had an amendment
prepared on consultation with the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, which I now pro-
pose. It is to add to the third section of the
bill the following provision :
But any person may produce alcoholic vapor by
vaporization from fermented mash, using such vapors
m the manufacture of vinegar in the same building
where produced ; and such person shall be deemed a
distiller and subject to all the provisions of law relat-
ing to distillers, except that the special tax to be paid
by him shall bo twenty dollars instead of the special
tax laid on distillers, and cxccpt that the vinegar pro-
duced not containing any alcohol shall not be deemed
distilled spirits within themcaningofthelaw relating
thereto, but upon vinegar so manufactured there is
hereby laid a tax of five cents per gallon; and the
method of return, assessment, and collection of such
tax shall be regulated by the provisions of law relating
to manufacturers, as those provisions existed on the
3ufch of March, 1868; not, however, to the exclusion
of any provision relating to distilled spirits which
shall be capableof being applied to the manufacture
hereby allowed.
I will state to the Senate that I was up to
see the Commissioner of Internal Revenue in
relation to this proposition, and he called in
his chemists and other officers to the number
of about half a dozen, and after full consult-
ation this amendment, was agreed upon. It
will provide more revenue, and is so guarded,
as these gentlemen think, as to be impossible
to be the cause of any fraud upon the revenue.
I will remark further that a patent for making
vinegar upon this principle was obtained. It
is prepared as though it was to be distilled; if II
is vaporized, and in that state it is mixed with
the mash, and it then makes vinegar; and
when it is made into vinegar or in any inter-
mediate stage it is wholly incapable of be'ing
put into alcoholic form. That is what all the
gentlemen up there said this morning. This
proposition is made with the approval of the
officers of that bureau. It was drawn up by
them after full and patient consideration, and
I think it well guarded.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance examined this matter very carefully.
The person claiming to have made an inven-
tion for making vinegar by this process came
before the committee and made an explana-
tion ; but we were satisfied that this provision
could not be complied with with safety to the
revenue. The process of making vinegar
according to this patent is a distillation of
spirits precisely as in the form of ordinary dis-
tillation, butthespirits areheld in vapor, vapor-
ized iustead of being condensed into whisky.
It is transferred and forms the component part
of the manufacture of vinegar. By this pro-
cess a very cheap kind of vinegar has been
made and sold in the market, and in this way
this inventor has undersold all the ordinary
forms of home-made or old-fashioned vinegar
made out of cider, out of the pummice of
apples. The only difference between his mode
ot distillation and the mode of distilling wliisky
is that he does not condense the vapor into
spirits, but uses the vapor to make vinegar.
It is nothing but whisky. According to his
statement but five per cent, of the aggregate
of the vinegar is whisky; and it is much safer
and much better for him to pay the tax, which
will be about equivalent to $1 20 on a barrel
of vinegar, than to open the door to wholesale
frauds. While I do not impute to this gentle-
man any desire to commit frauds, yet as a
matter of course, if this privilege is given a
vast amount of the whisky instead of being
condensed in the form- of whisky will be trans-
ferred in the form of vapor into vinegar or
other substances. It seems to me it would not
be safe. The old-fashioned mode of making
vinegar was by the very simple process of con-
verting eider, or the drippings of the pummice
of apples, into vinegar.
The Army regulations prohibit the use of
this manufactured vinegar, and my own impres-
sion is that it is deleterious to the public health
and ought not to be used by any one. The
proper vinegar to be used is that made in the
ordinary way by the simple process of souring
cider. It seems to me that this proposition
is encouraging an unwholesome practice at best
to the danger of the public revenue. That is
the conclusion to which the committee came.
As to the information that is now given from
the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue, 1
only know that so far as we had any informa-
tion officially he was opposed to it. Perhaps he
has been able to draw up a section that he
thinks they might with great care prevent frauds
under, but we have no official information from
him on the subject. I do not at all question
what the Senator from Kentucky has said; but
I do not think it will be wise for us to adopt
this amendment without further examination.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I hope the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Kentucky will
be adopted. I have had a personal interview
with one of the manufacturers of vinegar in
Chicago, a former friend of mine in the State
of Indiana, in whose statements I have entire
confidence. I think the liquor used in the
manufactuie of vinegar ought not to be liable
to be taxed. It has not heretofore, as I under-
stand, been subject to tax, but it is supposed by
the manufacturers that the phraseology of this
bill will compel them to pay that tax. It is
very sure that it would not be the purpose of
Congress to tax an article so indispensable for
domestic use as vinegar.
Mr. SHERMAN. We do not tax vinfegar
except that made under this patent process by
the mixture of whisky. We do not tax vinegar
made by the old process.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Of course there is no
