1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
387
sonally base and cowardly enough to do so,
could not without utter disgrace and dishonor
allow the doctrine of perpetual allegiance to
be carried out by foreign nations in its appli-
cation to our naturalized citizens. The very
existence of the Government depends upon
the proper settlement of the principle.
Allow the doctrine of perpetual allegiance
to prevail, allow our naturalized citizens visit-
ing their native lands to be dragged into prisons
or military service' 'at the wish or will of the
sovereign because, forsooth, they happen to
be born a subject of the queen or king or em-
peror who perchance rules over the State; and
from that moment the name of your country is
digraeed ; its character as the land of the free
and the home of the brave departs ; it becomes
a mere prison in the future, and the eyes of
the oppressed millions of the Old World will
turn l'rom it in disgust and despair.
We have a population in our land to-day of
not less than thirty-five million people, free
and independent people. Five millions, or
one seventh of this great nation of people,
are foreign-born. They have come among us
and pitched their tents, and are ready at all
times to support and defend the country and
the flag of their adoption side by side with
those who are native citizens of the country.
Sir, shall they, when they choose to return
to the land of their birth, fully adopted and
taken into the family of America, be treated as
subjects of the sovereign of the State from
which they emigrated upon the plea of per-
petual allegiance? The good sense of everj
man upon a mere statement of the question
says "No."
In 1790 the seventeen States and Territories [
then comprising this country had within their
borders but three and a quarter millions of peo-
ple. Taking the recognized rate of increase of
births over «l aths, being one and thirty-eight
hundredths per cent, per annum, the popula-
tion of the country to-day, saying nothing about
emancipated blacks and the people added by
the acquisition of territory not then owned,
would number about nine and a quarter million
people ; so that the balance of the population
of this country, (leaving out the emancipated
blacks, and those added by territorial acquisi-
tion,) being about twenty-two millions, consists
either of emigrants coming from foreign shores
or their progeny. Sir, these figures may be
startling to some, yet they are nevertheless
true.
To whom, then, is the country mainly
indebted for its wealth, its power, its proud
and controlling position among the nations of
the earth? As a nation we owe our life to the
exercise of that fundamental right of man to
go in the pursuit of happiness, and its power
and proud preeminence to those liberal, Chris-
tian principles which are the foundation of our
political fabric, which has been supported and
defended by native and naturalized citizens
against every assault, even though made by
Governments claiming the allegiance of many
of its most gallant defenders.
To-day there are about two million people
in our country from the German States, and
about the same number from Ireland, that land
of persecution. During the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1866, there were three hundred and
thirty thousand seven hundred and five emi-
grants came to this country, and during the last
fiscal year ending June 30, 1867, there were
three hundred and ten thousand one hundred
and fourteen. Sir, they are coming—they are
coming with brave hearts and stout hands; they
aru coming with souls panting for liberty; they
are coming as it were with the eye of faith fixed
and gazing upon the tree of liberty planted in
American soil, enriched with patriots' blood ;
and .as they come, full of hope and courage, they
expect soon to gather beneath its protecting
branches and enjoy the blessings of a free Gov-
ernment. Shall this nation as in days past still
say come? Shall our consuls and emigrant
agents abroad still continue to point out to those
oppressed millions the advantages and glories
of this country, its lands, its institutions, its
Government? Shall we continue our natural-
ization laws upon our statute-books? Shall
we invite men—honest men—to take an oath
to support the Constitution of the United States
and renounce all allegiance to the sovereign
over the land of their nativity? Sir, the answer
to these questions aright depends upon the
action of the Government in protecting or fail-
ing to protect its- people.
Our duty is plain, sir. It is to declare the
position of the American Government and see
that the Government stands by and maintains
that position, in the protection of the rights of
naturalized citizens whom we have invited to
our shores and who have sworn allegiance to
our country.
Mr. Speaker, one of the chief glories of a
nation is in its disposition and courage to pro-
tect the rights of its people; and the nation
that will not strive at least to do that deserves
to be blotted from the face of the earth. I do
not fear, sir, either a lack of disposition, cour-
age, or ability to do justice to all our citizens
in the present struggle. All that is needed is
that the American nation shall demand the
right and it will be yielded.
The spirit of liberty that warms and invigor-
ates the hearts of the people of the nineteenth
century all over the civilized world is too
strong to tolerate the enforcement of the doc-
trine of perpetual allegiance in England, Ger-
many, or anywhere else. They may cite the
feudal law which chained every man as a vas-
sal and slave to the soil; they may array
decisions of the courts in support of the law ;
and as precedents for their action; they may
say to us, as they can, be it said to our shame,
that our courts have followed in the same dis-
graceful wake and punished men as American
citizens upon the ground of unalienable alle-
giance who were in fact citizens of other na-
tions. They may do all this, Bir, and more;
! and yet if England or any other nation attempts
to stand upon and enforce that doctrine she
: will be finally driven from it, either by the force
| of justice and reason, or, what may be more
appreciable to them, the power of grape and
cannon leveled against them by the armies of
the liberal nations of the earth.  
Mr. Speaker, in the discussion of this ques-
tion we are necessarily driven to the discus-
sion of three questions, all indissolubly con-
nected : first, the right of expatriation, then
the right to naturalize, and thirdly, allegiance,
which necessarily follows. Man has a right to
go where, in his judgment, the greatest fields
of happiness invite him. The right of expatria-
I tion belongs to every man. In the language
of Mr. Johnson, of Virginia, in his speech on
j this subject in Congress in 1818, the right of
expatriation is—
j " In that great charter by which nature secured to
! man the right to seek happiness wheresoever he
could enjoy it—a right not derivod from auy of the
I little petty sovereigns on earth."
j But, sir, the right of expatriation has never
' been opposed by any civilized nation. The
right^of an individual to leave a country, if he
: chose, was recognized by the nations of the
earth far back in the days of antiquity. Cicero
called it "a glorious right," and says that "the
power of either keeping or parting with one's
right is the foundation ofliberty."
By the Roman law " every man was at lib-
erty to remove his habitation whither he
pleased."
Tryphoneus says "that every man has the
I right to choose the State of which he has a
| mind to become a member."
j Grotius says that "meu ought not to leave
I their country in troops or in large companies
j or in time of war; but the case seems quite
I different when a single person leaves his coun-
try." "It is one thing," he says, "to draw
water out of a river, another to divert its
course."
Vattel says:
"There are cases in which a citizen has an un-
doubted right to renounce his country and abandon
it entirely—a right founded on reasons derived from
the very nature of the social eompact: first, if the
citizen cannot procure subsistence in his own coun-
try it is undoubtedly lawful for him to seek it else-
where; for political and civil society being entered
into only with a view of facilitating to each of its
members the means of supporting himself and of
living in happiness and safety, it would be absurd to
pretend that a member whom it oannot furnish with
such things as are most necessary has not a right to
leave."
Again, says Vattel, if the sovereign or greater
part of the nation will allow but one religion
in the State, those who believe and profess
another religion have a right to withdraw and
to take with them their families and effects.
Again, Vattel says that—
" If the sovereign attempt to molest those who
have a right to emigrate he does them an injury, and
the injured individuals may lawfully implore tho
protection of the Power who is willing to receive
them."
But, sir, I will not take up the time of the
House in quoting further upon this part of the
subject. Whether Governments have the right
to trammel in any wise the right of expatria-
tion it is not necessary for me now to discuss,
the fact being that in all ages of the world men
have exercised the right substantially as they
chose. It is exercised to-day in perhaps a far
greater degree than ever before. The Irish-
man leaves his home and his friends and comes
to America. Why? Sir, for the very reasons
assigned by Vattel as reasons for the exercise
of the right of expatriation, famine—the sov-
ereign governing the country failing to dis-
charge the obligations due to the subject—re-
ligious persecution, "interfering with the
authority of men in the affairs of conscience,"
compelling them to submit to the unjust rule
of the English, and that, too, after having
effected a political union in 1800 without the
consent of the Irish people ia fact. They
come, sir, to relieve themselves of these dis-
tresses and abuses. The German, oppressed
by petty tyrants and inspired with a longing
for freedom, comes to our land, as he has a
right to do. So of all others who couie from
foreign nations to settle in our midst. They
! are all impelled by the laudable and praise-
1 worthy purpose of seeking after new fields of
labor in which they may enjoy greater degrees
of happiness. They are here—the German, the
Irishman, the Portuguese, the Frenchman, and
i from other nations. They have been invited
! to our shores; and hundreds of thousands of
them, at the invitation of the Government,
have made themselves citizens of our Govern-
ment. The Constitution of the United States
provides that—
" Congress shall have power to establish an uniform
.rule of naturalization throughout the United States."
Soon after the adoption of the Constitution
with the authority in it above cited, Congress
hastened to pass a general naturalization law,
and from that day to this our statute-books
have contained laws upon that subject provid-
ing the mode by which men coming to our
country might become citizens of the United
States.
The right to pass such laws in this country
cannot be questioned. The right of any nation
to pass such laws is not questioned. Many of
them especially provide for such laws in their
constitutions. The constitution of France pre-
sented to the king in 1791 provided as fol-
lows :
"That the legislative power may. for important
considerations, naturalize a foreigner upon no other
condition than that of residing in France and tak-
ing the civic oath."
The civic oath provided that the person
should " swear to be faithful to the nation,
the law, and the king ; and to maintain with
all his power the constitution of the kingdom
decreed by the Constitutional National Assem-
bly during the years 1789, '90, and '91."
The English Government (being a commer-
cial people) recruits seamen wherever tbey
can find them, and finally, without formality,
after a term of service the seamen become
British subjects.
The Constitution of the United States in a
plain, simple manner provides that Congress
shall regulate the question of naturalization
by the passage of laws on the subject uniform
in their character.
