1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1771
ing. Now, we do not appropriate any money
by this bill; we only secure a site. Of course,
after this shall lia-ve passed both branches of
Congress and become a law the Post Office
Department will call upon Congress to appro-
priate money to pay for it. We do not, of
course, expect to get the land for nothing.
The simple purpose of this bill is to secure
the site before the time expires during which
we have the refusal of it. It is offered to us
at something like §100,000 less than is offered
for it by outside parties. I call the previous
question.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Will the gentleman allow
me a question?
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I decline.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment reported by the
committee was agreed to.
The amendment of Mr. Hulburd was also
agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was then
ordered to be engrossed and.read a third time ;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. FARNS WORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
assistant secretary of treasury.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and adopted :
Resolved, That tho Secretary of tho Treasury bo di-
rected to inform this House whether Edmund Cooper
is now performing tho duties of Assistant Secretary
of the Treasury, or has been at any tiino since tho
rejection of his nomination by tile Senate of the
United States; and, if so, by what authority of law?
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider tho
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on tho table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BANKS. I insist upon the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business is the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table.
maritime exhibition at iiavio.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 89, providing
for the representation of the United States at
the international exhibition to be held at Havre.
The joint resolution was read the first and
second time.
Mr. BANKS. I hope this joint resolution
will be considered and passed now.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I think it should be re-
ferred to some committee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Let it
be read.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
authorizes the Secretary of the Navy to detail
one or more officers of the Navy, as he shall
think best, to be present at the international
maritime exhibition to be held at Havre, under
the auspiccs of the French Government, from
the 1st of June to the 31st of October of the
present year, there to represent the United
States and otherwise to promote die interests
of exhibitors from our country; provided that
no expenditure shall accrue therefrom to the
Treasury or to any public fund, nor shall any
additional compensation be paid to such per-
sons as may be designated under authority of
this resolution.
Mr. BANKS. This joint resolution pro-
poses to commit the Government to no expense
whatever. I trust it will be passed at once by
the House. '
Mr. VAN WYCK. How will the officers
get there?
Mr. BANKS. They must see about that.
Mr. VAN WYCK. It is not intended to
provide a mere pleasure excursion on the part
of these officers at the expense of the Govern-
ment?
Mr. BANKS. Not at all.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will they have mileage
allowed tliem?
Mr. BANKS. Not at all.
Mr. SCHENCK. If they travel under au-
thority of law, or by order of the Department,
they will be allowed mileage.
Mr. BANKS. This joint resolution will
commit the Government to no expense.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend this
joint resolution by inserting before the words
"any additional compensation be paid," &c.,
the words "mileage or other expenses or;"
so that it shallread " nor shall mileage or other
expenses or any additional compensation be
allowed to such persons as may be designated,"
&c.
Mr. BANKS. Very well; I am willing the
amendment shall be offered.
Mr. HARDING. Tho gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Baxks] says this joint resolu-
tion does not commit the Government to any
expense. It directs that certain acts shall be
done, and then Congress will be called upon to
foot th#bill.
Mr. BANKS. That cannot be the case when
it is expressly prohibited. I have no objection
to the amendment moved by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. SciiexOK.]
Mr. CHANLER. I desire to move to amend
this joint resolution so that Admiral Farragut
may be detailed for this purpose, as ho is
already over there.
Mr. BANKS. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I desire to move another
amendment.
Mr. BANKS. I will hear the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to move to amend
by providing that the passage of these persons
there and back shall not be in any national
vessel.
Mr. BANKS. I would not put that in.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, I would; otherwise
we will have a national vessel sent out there for
this purpose.
Mr. BANKS. Very well; I will not object
to tho amendment being offered.
Mr. SCHENCIv. 1 move to amend by
adding the following:
Nor shall any national or public vessel be employed
to convey th'o ofiieers so detailed to or from tho place
of such exhibition.
Mr. RAUM. If any good is to result to the
country from sending these naval officers to
this exhibition, it docs seem to me that we
ought to be willing to pay their expenses. If
no good is to result to the country, why do not
let us send them at all. It does seem to me
that it is a demonstration of great meanness on
our part to authorize the detailing of these
officers to go to France and attend this naval
exhibition, uuless we are willing to pay their
expenses.
Mr. BLAINE. I think authority for it can
be found in the first chapter of the Pickwick
Papers, where everybody was to be allowed to
take a trip to Paris, if they would pay their
own bills.
Mr. BANKS. I yield now to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding.]
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to say for the
consideration of the House that I think tho
amendment of the gentleman from my^ own
State [Mr. Schejjck] ought not to prevail. I
can readily see, because I have beep informed
and know, that one of our naval ships, to wit:
one of our practice ships can be sent across the
water without additional expense to the Navy
Department. We are obliged to send these
ships every summer off on some excursion for
the instruction of the midshipmen on board
them. They are called " practice ships," and
I am told that one of the two of these can be
sent without additional expense to the Depart-
ment.
Mr. HARDING. Is it necessary that Con-
gress should pass a joint resolution to author-
ize the Secretary of the Navy to order a ship
to cross the ocean and present itself in a French
port?
Mr. SPALDING. Well, I suppose that
question is addressed to the chairman of tho
Committee on Foreign Affairs, [Mr. Banks,]
who has charge of this matter. I do not know
that any such resolution is necessary; bufc-.I
say that it is out of character for this House to
put this limitation upon the resolution which
is now contemplated by this amendment—that
no mileage shall be allowed and no vessel
allowed to go across the water. Ihope the
House will not agree to anything of the kind.
Mr. BANKS. I do not think the amend-
ment is quite liable to the objections made to
it. It is simply to the effect that a public ves-
sel shall not be used to carry the commission-
ers. That is very proper ; and I think, inas-
much as this is for observation, to see what is
brought together by the maritime Powers of
the world, and as a naval officer is to be sent,
it is perfectly proper that the Government
should not be subjected to expense. I do not
object to the amendments, and I hope the
House will agree to them and then pass the
joint resolution. I ask the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to lay the joint
resolution on the table.
The question was taken ; and the House re-
fused to lay the joint resolution on the table.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The first question is on
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schen'ck] to insert after the word " shall,"
in line nine, the words "any mileage or."
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Allow me to
suggest that tho words " or other expenses"
ought also to be inserted.
Sir. INGERSOLL. I object.
The SPEAKER. The resolution now pro
vides that no additional compensation shall be
allowed. The amendment suggested by tho
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] can
only be received by unanimous consent.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to say that my
original amendment was to insert the words,
" any mileage or other expenses."
The SPEAKER. The Chair can only re-
port the amendment as the Clerk has taken it
down. The Chair asked the gentleman from
Ohio to reduce it to writing so that there might
be no misunderstanding, but lie failed to do so.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 did reduce my other
amendment tn writing.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk's report of tho
amendment cannot be changed now except by
unanimous consent. It was twice reported
by the Clerk as taken down.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then the Clerk did not
report it as I gave it, for I used the words " or
other expenses." .
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remind
the gentleman from Ohio that the rules require
every member to reduce his amendments to
writing.
Mr, SCHENCK. I was aware of that, and
being informed that one of my amendments had
been taken down by the Clerk, I on!y_ reduced
the last of the two amendments to writing.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk reported it as
lie had taken it down.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Then I can only say the
Clerk did not take it down as I gave it.
The SPEAKER. It is impossible for the
Clerk to take down amendments. As a mat-
ter of courtesy the Clerk does sometimes
endeavor to reduce amendments to writing,
but almost always some difficulty like this en-
sues. This amendmenthas been twice reported.
The Chair expressly asked the gentleman to
reduce his amendments to writing, and he wrote
the second but not the first-
Mr. SCIIENCK. The Chair will please do
mo the justice to remember that I was informed
that the first amendment had been received.
The SPEAKER. It had been received.
Mr. SCHENCK. And I supposed it had
been received as 1 gave it.
The SPEAKER. It was reported by the
Clerk.
