S88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
Congress performs that duty, and says that the
man coming from a foreign shore, having been
in this country a specific time—longer, in my
judgment, than ordinary prudence or caution
should require—if he desires to be naturalized
and become an American citizen, shall before
the proper officer make oath that it is his inten-
tion to become a citizen of the United States
and renounce foTever all allegiance and fidelity
to auy foreign prince, potentate, State, or
sovereignty whatever. The requirements of
him are solemn, and sometimes it is difficult
for the party desiring to become a citizen to
provide himself with the proof required after
he has lived in the country and supported its
Constitution, and obeyed its laws for five con-
secutive years.
Sir, after all this, shall the nation fail in its
duty to protect such people in all their rights
as citizens of the United States when they
choose to go abroad ? I surely think not. But
it is said that the common law and law writers
all support the theory of perpetual allegiance.
Let us examine this question and see what the
truth is upon this point. Aristotle says:
"That he, and he only, is a cititen who enjoys a
due share in the government of that community of
which he is a member." •
Vattel says:
"That as various reasons may oblige a man to
choose another country, that is, to become a member
of another society, so when we speak in general of the
duty to our country the term is to be understood the
State of which a man is an actual member; since it is
the latter in preference to any other State that be is
bound to serve with bis utmost efforts."
In the light of this sound declaration of that
great law writer, Vattel, what .becomes of the
driveled statement of Blackstone when he says
that " allegiance is a principle of natural law
that cannot be absolved even by swearing alle-
giance to a foreign prince."
That statement of Blackstone, instead of
being made in the light of reason and in accord
with the spirit of the nineteenth century, was
made under the clouds of the darkness of the
Middle Ages, and in accord with the feudal
dogmas of those times, which are in opposition
to the plainest rights of man.
But, sir, this question of citizenship and
allegiance has been discussed incidentally by
some of our own most eminent jurists, as in
the case of Murry vs. The schooner Charming
Betsey, decided in the Supreme Court of the
United States, the cause having been taken
from the district court of Pennsylvania, I be-
lieve. The vessel was seized upon a charge of
violating a law of Congress passed in 1800, to
suspend commercial intercourse between the
United States and Prance and its dependen-
cies.- The owner of the vessel was alleged to
be an American citizen. The fact was that he
was born in the United States, bat went to the
island of St. Thomas, where he had lived sev-
eral years, and he claimed to be a Danish sub-
ject. Justice Marshall, in giving the opinion
in the case, said:
"The American citizen who goes into a foreign
country, although he owes local aUegi&nee to that
country, is yet, if he performs no other act changing
his condition, entitled to the protection of our Gov-
ernment ; and if without the violation of any partic-
ular law he should be oppressed unjustly he would
have the right to claim the protection of the Ameri-
can Government; but his situation is completely
changed when by his own act he has made himself
the subject of a foreign Power."
That, sir, is the doctrine of to-day; that de-
cision clearly recognizes the right of a man to
change his habitation and to renounce his alle-
giance and form new relations if he choose.
That great man, whose name and memory will
live as long as the history of American juris-
prudence shall be preserved, was not alone in
declaring the correct doctrine upon this subject.
Thomas Jefferson, always the friend and cham-
pion of the rights of the people, while acting
minister of the United States wrote to the min-
ister of France in 1793, and used the following
language:
" Ourcitiiens are certainly free to divest themselves
of the character of citizens by emigration and other
acts manifesting their intention; and may then be-
come subjects of another Power and free to do what-
ever the subjects of that Power may do."
So, Mr. Speaker, I might go on and elabo-
rate the subject, and back up the position that
men may renounce their allegiance and conse-
quently become citizens of another country
and thereby entirely free themselves of any
claim upon them by their former State or sov-
ereign, by referring you further to ancient and
modern authority, but I deem it unnecessary.
Nations cannot carry into practical operation
and enforce the theory of perpetual allegiance
if they would. The British Government at-
tempted it in 1812 in the war with us, and they
threatened to punish the brave men who were
taken as prisoners from our Army, and whom
the British claimed as their subjects upon the
plea of unalienable allegiance as traitors to
their country; but, sir, they were soon notified
that there was such a thing as retaliation rec-
ognized by the laws of war, and the threat was
not executed. We are now having another
demonstration by the British Government, and
we hear of courts in that dominion, with an
affected wisdom only equaled by their stupidity
and love of tyranny, deciding that American
naturalization laws are of no consequence, and
that Irishmen who have lived in our land for
years and almost grown- gray in the military
service of our country, and who perchance are
found in their native land, and who are arrested
without evidence against them, but upon mere
suspicion that they may belong to some Fenian
or other organization and are there for mis-
chief, that such Irishmen, I say, naturalized
American citizens, are British subjects, and as
such must be prosecutedfor a supposed offense.
Sir, such men have not only been arrested,
but have been tried and convicted by British
courts, which denied the prisoners the right to
be tried as Americans upon the assertion of
the old doctrine, once a British subject always
a British subject. That monstrous doctrine is
not only reasserted in England, but in Prussia,
too, our citizens visiting their old homes have
been forced into the military service. Shall
such conduct be tolerated by this great nation ?
Shall the nation sit quietly by and see natural-
ized citizens of the united States in the courts
of England denied their rights as such citizens,
and in Prussia forced into the military ranks
as Prussian subjects ? It is time this Govern-
ment was asserting its rights and defending its
honor. The Irishman, the Frenchman, the
German, with his certificate of naturalization
as an American citizen in bis pocket, desiring
to take by the hand once more an aged father
or mother or brother or sister, saves up the
necessary funds, bids his wife, his children
good-by, and starts perhaps from the west-
ern home to visit iiis native land. He comes
to Washington, the capital of his adopted
country, presents to the Secretary of State his
certificate of naturalization, and procures, as
he has a right to do, a paper with the great
seal of the United States upon it signed by the
Secretary, requesting all whom it may concern
to permit safely and freely to pass A B, a
citizen of the United S_tates, and in case of
need to give him all lawful protection.. The
German, or whomsoever it may be, takes his
paper and goes to the place of his birth, he
meets his friends, they rejoice together, but
soon their joy is turned to sorrow, and the
naturalized American citizen, with his certifi-
cate of naturalization in the archives of the
State Department and his passport in his
pocket, is dragged into the military service to
support the tottering throne of a petty tyrant
upon the plea of inalienable allegiance.
Mr. Speaker, need more be said on this sub-
ject to show the monstrosity of the doctrine,
the wickedness of a nation that would attempt
to enforce it, and finally the reason why Con-
gress should act upon the subject without delay ?
America, sir, asks not that men shall remain
in this country against their will, nor does this
Government expect to pursue those who may
choose to leave it with the tyrannical doctrine
of perpetual allegiance. Sir, if men for any
cause do not like this land with its free insti-
tutions, we say let them go and find the place
most congenial to their tastes, and may the
blessings of freedom surround them. This
nation, while she opens her avenues to industry
and prosperity and invites the people of all
nations to come, places no barriers to their
departure whenever they choose. They can
become citizens of our country by compliance
with the laws, and divest themselves of such
citizenship by expatriation and becoming mem-
bers of any other Government.
Mr. Speaker, I trust this resolution will be
adopted, and that the Government will main-
tain the rights of all citizens at home and
abroad.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the joint resolution goes over
until to-morrow.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTIONS SIGNED.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled
joint resolutions of the following titles ; when
the Speaker signed the same :
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 70) authorizing
Rear Admiral II, K. Thatcher to accept a dec-
oration from the king of the Hawaiian islands;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 80) in relation
to the erection of a jail in the District of
Columbia; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 83) for the ap-
Fointment of Regents of the Smithsonian
nstitution.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forget,
-j^s Secretary, announced that that body had
passed a joint resolution (H. R. No. 130) in
relation to the sale of stock of the Dismal
Swamp Canal Company without amendment.
The message further announced that the
Senate had indefinitely postponed a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 27) to change the name of
Moritz Judkiewicz to Morris Jutj|l.
INDIAN LANDS IN KANSAS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution
of the House of the 11th ultimo, a report by
the acting Commissioner of Indian Affairs rel-
ative to the sale of certain Indian lands in Kan-
sas ; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
RIGHTS OF AMERICAN CITIZENS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
resolutions of a public meeting at New Haven,
Connecticut, in relation to the rights of Amer-
ican citizens abroad, and a memorial on the
same subject signed by Governor English,
Major Sperry, Hon. J. Woodruff, and several
thousand other citizens; which were referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
PRINTING INTERNAL REVENUE REPORTS.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
referred to the Committee on Printing, under
the law :
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of the report
of the Special Commissioner of the Revenue, with all
the appendices, be printed for tho use of the House
and one thousand copies for the use of the Treasury
Department.
ASYLUM FOR DISABLED SOLDIERS, ETC.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, also
submitted the following resolutions; which
were read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the attention of the Committee on
Military Affairs and of the board of managers of the
National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers be
called to the idea of making provision at the central
asylum and branches of that institution for furnish-
ing and repairing hereafter artificial limbs free of
cost to disabled soldiers, the work to be done by
mechanics who are inmates of the asylum, and that
if legislation on the suhject be in the opinion of said
committee expedient and necessary tne committee
be instructed to report by bill or otherwise.
Resolved <U$o, That the Committee on Military
Affairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of providing by law for the transfer of the Soldiers
Home at Washington, with the property and tunds
pertaining thereto, to the said National Asylum,
opening the asylum for the reception and support of
disabled soldiers of the regular Army, as well as vol-
unteers. and changing the name of the institution to
"The National Soldiers' Home."
