m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL (itQBE.
liV-HTuxry 29,
Ho. op Beps.
Impeachment—Mr. Paine.
40th -Cokg. ... 2d Sess.
me, I can, of course, only enumerate a part of
the many acts of the President, which I have
always considered impeachable, and cannot
elaborate my views upon any of them. The
Constitution of the United States provides that
"he," the President, "may, on extraordinary
occasions, convene both Houses or either of
them." ' I believe that it is a well-settled prin-
cipleoflaw thattheword " may," when-used in
a statute prescribing the duties of a judicial or
civil officer, implies a duty and. nota mere dis-
cretion,to do the particular act upon the hap-
pening of the contingency specified.
Mr. Chairman, can theTe be any doubt tlia.t
the middle of April, 1805, was an extraordi-
nary occasion in the meaning of the clause of
the Constitution of tho United States above
quoted? The armies of the' rebellion, which
had for four long years occupied the greater
portion of eleven of the States of the Union,
which had many times carried the bayonet and
the torch into the very heart of the North,
which bad more than once beleaguered this the
capital of the nation, in that month struck their
flags and laid them at the feet of our gallant
generals. Our own gallant Army which, under
God, had overthrown its enemy after four years
of gallant fighting, unremitting toil, and patient
suffering, was ready to be disbanded and return
its million of men to the pursuits of civil life.
And. in the midst of the nation's rejoicings and
praise to that God who giveth thevictory Abra-
ham Lincoln, the President of the United
States, the head of the nation, twice elected,
honored and beloved of all loyal men, was
basely murdered by an assassin. Was not this
an extraordinary occasion? in my opinion, if
ever a plain duty rested upon mortal ruler,
Andrew Johnson was that ruler; and to call
Congress together as the first act of his official
life as President was that <Juty. It was not
performed. And why'? Because that Congress
was electetl in-part by the soldiers who at such
a sacrifice bad overthrown the rebels and be-
lieved that to the loyal people of this country
belonged tho right and that upon them rested
the duty of settling, in the interest of loyalty,
of universal liberty, and universal suffrage, tho
condition of that country which they had res-
cued from the despotism of the rebellion.
Andrew Johnson never believed that he had
the right to set up State governments in any of
the rebel States: neither did any member of
his Cabinet; but be believed that if he could
accomplish it by usurpation of power, that
such was the desire of the people for peace
after the long war of ideas and of force that
they would tamely submit. Hence, when Con-
gress assembled in December, 1805, he pointed
thetn to ten sovereign States which ho had set
up iu less than half that many months. lie
pointed to reconstruction as an accomplished
fact, and asked—nay, demanded—of the Con-
gress that it should open wide its portals and
admit Senators and Representatives from such
States, roost o.f thein prominent rebels; all of
them elected by.rebel votes, the loyal men, the
soldiers of the Republic, being excluded from
the polls.
Ibis, I believe, was a usurpation of power in
the interest of reaction, of counter revolution,
and of tyranny over a portion of the loyal peo-
ple of the United States for which the Presi-
dent ought long since to have been removed
fio:u office.
llr. Chairman, my time will not admit of
more than an allusion to the shameful scenes
el ^eiu'uary i'l, ISuti, when the Piesident,
addressing a crowd composed in great part of
returned rebel soldiers in gray uniforms, sought
to arouse '.heir passions against the represent-
atives of the people, singling out and coupling
with t< nns of ribaldry two members of either
House, who, by viitue of their long and faithful
servieis in the cause of freedom had become
prominent leaders of public opinion. And 1
certainly cannot follow the President in his
western tour, commonly known as "swingiug
round the circle," more than to ailudo to his
denunciation of Congress as an illegal and
unconstitutional- body. Indeed, it is needless
to enumerate the particular acts of the Presi-
dent further to show that his whole course,
from the commencement of his Administration, ■
has been in the interest of the defeated rebel-
lion. Being firmly convinced that his object
has been to shield all that was left of rebeldom
from the just consequences of its great crime,
to. save the' property, the influence, the pride,
and the prejudice of the rebels, I have scarcely
been surprised at anything he has done—cer-
tainly not at his complicity in the New Orleans
massacre, the removal of tho gallant Sheridan,
or his attempt to remove the Secretary of War.
The President of the United States is pos-
sessed of great patronage. If lie is a good
and wise man this enables him to accomplish
much good ; but if he is a low, tricky, dishon-
est man it becomes in his hands an engine of
corruption and great abuse. How this patron-
age has been used by the present Executive
let the disorganized condition of all branches
of the public service answer.
Mr. Chairman, there is one accusation against
tho President which I have not heard made on
this floor, but which, in my opinion, is not the
least one which he will have to answer to at
the bar of public opinion. The manner in
which he has made the appointments in the
regular Army to fill the original vacancies
caused by the increase of the Army. Upon
the disbanding of the volunteer forces there
were many hundred young men who had served
with great gallantry and efficiency, and had
become so habiluated to Army life, and having
served their country during those years of their
lives when young men usually learn a trade or
study a profession, they were desirous to ob-
tain commissions in the regular service and
devote their lives to the military service of
their country. Who shall describe the feel-
ings of these expectant waiting boys in blue
when it became evident to them that tho Pres-
ident, fiom whom their commissions must come,
had gone over to tho enemy ; that their recom-
mendations, signed by such of their old com-
manders as Dutleh, Louax, Sciiexck, Sher-
idan, and Paixe were worse than waste paper
at the presidential counter, aud that the royal
road to the President's slate lay through the
influence of certain heroes who had beou dis-
tinguished for resisting the draft, and voting
"No" on all measures for supporting the Army
or defending tho country in any manlier.
Mr. Chairman, I can scarcely allude to the
well-known and dogged opposition of the Pres-
ident to the reconstruction of the rebel States
according to laws of the United States. But
I will assume that holding these laws to be un-
constitutional he has obstructed them in every
manner. Indeed, Mr. Chairman, I think that
his name will go down to posterity as "the
great obstructor." He has thrown himself
across the track of the progress of the country
in its sure and certain march to universal free-
dom, univeisal education, and universal suf-
frage. He has thiown himself iu the way and
is an obstruction to justice to the soldieis who
saved the Republic.
Of the Cabinet of President Lincoln in
office when Andrew Johnson succeeded him
one only has remained at lus post and true to
bis trust. Some of them resigned as soon as
the apostacy of the President became apparent,
aud some of them seem to justify the treachery
of their chief, even if they are not originally
responsible for it. But Edwin M. Stanton
has not only refused to support the policy of
the President, but has refused to abandon his
post and allow the vast armament of the nation
to pass under the control of another, who
would allow it to be used in the interest of tho
reviving rebellion. Por this refusal the Presi-
dent has sought to dispossess him by the ap-
pointment of his successor without the advice
and consent of the Senate, the same being in
session, and thus violating the Constitution, as
well as the law known as the tenare-of-office
act..
Mr. -Chairman, as I have already stated, I
consider this act as only one, link jnthe chain
of illegal acts by which the President has
sought, to obstruct the execution of the laws
and thwart the will of the loyal people of the
United States as expressed by their Repre-
sentatives in due form of law. Op the 7tlx of
December last I was of the opinion that the
President was guilty of impeachable offenses,
and so cast my vote for his impeachment. I
then differed with the majority on this floor.
I may have been wrong in my conclusions, but
I have not regretted my vote on that occasion.
But, of course, the subsequent acts of the
President, which have united the Republican
members of this House in favor of his im-
peachment, would have removed all doubts,
had any existed, as to the correctness of that
vote.
Mr. Chairman, let us remove this bad man
from the presidential chair. Let u.s see to it
that his successor appoints honest men to col-
lect the revenues ol' the country. I need not
ask the present occupant of the chair [Mr.
Washbubne, of Illinois] to go with me in
reducing the expenses of the Government to the
lowest possible limit, as that is his own well-
known policy. Then let us reduce taxation to a
point barely sufficient to pay such expenses and
collect that on articles of luxury only. Let us'
provide for paying off the national debt in law-
ful money, excepting only that portion of it
which was expressly agreed to be paid in coin;
and then, sir, we can return to our.constituents
feeling that we have done our part of what
Andrew Johnson promised to do, but broke his
promise—"to make loyalty respectable an<3
treason odious."
Impeat-luurnt.
SPEECH OF IION. H. B. PAINE,
OF WISCONSIN,
In the House of Representatives,
February 29, 18G8,
On the articles of impeachment reported from the
committee.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Chairman, what official
designation is to be given to. Andrew Johnson
in these articles of impeachment? Shall we
indict him as President of the United States,
or as Vice President of the LTnited States,
or as Vice President discharging the powers
and duties of the office of President? The
honorable chairman of the committee who re-
ports these articles, [Mr Bgctwell.] submits
this question to the consideration of this House,
whose duty it is to decide it. The question is
a grave one on account of its possible connec-
tion with another question soon to be decided
at the other end of the Capi-tol. .That other
question will be who is to preside over the Sen-
ate during the trial of Andrew Johnson? Does
the Constitution impose that duty upon the
Chief Justice or upon the President of the Sen-
ate ? If the Chief Justice is to preside then
it is probably proper to impeach Andrew John-
son as Vice President discharging the powers
aud duties of the office of President, and at the
same time it is certainly proper to impeach him
as simply President. Butif thePresident of the
Senate is to preside at his trial we ought not
to indict him as President. I will state, sir,
the reasons which satisfy me that the Chief
Justice is, by the Constitution, authorized and
required to preside at this trial.
I will not deny that the ease is beset with
many difficulties. It happens that the pro-
visions of the Constitution which bear upon
this question, that is to say, the provisions
relating to the office of Vice President aud to
the subject,of impeachment, are more, defec-
tive and imperfect than any other parts of the
