3820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
five to one hundred per cent, upon in getting
this single instrument, and it is without any
certainty as to the result. The only object of
it seems to be to crush out the small distilleries
of the country, whereas it is understood by
those best versed in such matters that the frauds
have been perpetrated on the Government not
by small distilleries but by large ones. I do
not think it can be the true policy of the Gov-
ernment to crush out any interest in this way.
As well might you impose heavy burdens on
small farmers or small manufacturers of cotton
or woolen goods as upon small distillers. The
result is to deprive small distillers of the use
of their capital in this pursuit and force the
business into large establishments, and prevent
any persons pursuing this branch of business
unless those who have a large amount of capi-
tal. I am opposed to that policy not only with
respect to this, but with respect to every other
pursuit.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only question here
is whether the United States or the distiller
shall pay for the necessary meters and meter-
safes. Under the present law the distillers
pay for them, and many of them have supplied
themselves with them. All the United States
have to do in regard to meters is simply to
prescribe the form and manner and kind. Cer-
tainly to throw on the United States the bur-
den of furnishing meters and meter-safes for
all the distilleries in the United States would
be an extraordinary thing.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendments
made as in Committee of the Whole. The
question will be taken on all the amendments
together, with the exception of such as may
be indicated for a separate vote.
Mr. BUCKAJLEW. I ask for a separate
vote on the amendment to the fiftieth section.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to ask a question.
In Committee of the Whole a proviso was
adopted to the first section of the bill. I desire
to know whether if that is concurred in it will
be subject to still further amendment. ["No,"
"No."] Then I desire to ask for a separate
vote on the question of concurring in that
amendment, because I wish to move an amend-
ment to it.
Mr. McCREERY. I wish to give notice
that I will offer amendments in the following
sections : section twelve, now thirteen; sec-
tion nineteen, now twenty ; and section thirty-
two.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
excepted amendment will now be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to add
at the end of the first section the following
proviso :
Provided, That tho tax on brandy made from
grapes shall he the s;imo and no higher than that
upon otlier distilled spirits.
Mr. CONNESS I renew the amendment
offered by my colleague in Committee of the
Whole to that amendment. The proposition
is to strike out the words " the same and no
higher than that" and insert "one half the
tax so as to make the proviso read:
Provided, That the tax on brandy made from
grapes shall be one half the tax upon other distilled
spirits.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I desire to say
to the Senate a few words on this first section,
although not upon the particular amendment
just now moved ; and I take the opportunity,
with the permission of the Senate, to say them
now, because I am expecting every moment
to be called out of the Senate to act upon a
committee of conference.
The first section of the bill has one feature
which is more obnoxious to me than 1 know
how to state. I have done everything but lay
awake at nights to discover some language by
which I could express my view of the proposi
tion contained in the first section and yet be
consistent with my feelings toward the mem-
bers of the committee who have reported it.
1 confess I have the most profound respect for
each and every member of that committee ;
and yet when I come to look at this piece of
their handiwork I have thought of but one
word in the English language yet that comes
anywhere near the expression of my views of
it, and that is that it is humiliating. But I do
not suppose I ought to say that of the section,
because it might by some persons be thought
to reflect upon the committee of the Senate.
I know the ability and the integrity and the
industry which characterize that committee;
but, after all, here is a proposition made to tho
American people to remit about one dollar and
forty cents per gallon of the tax which forsome
years we have asserted should be collected upon
this article known as whisky.
When this tax of two dollars per gallon was
first imposed upon that article I had the dis-
tinguished honor of being a member of the
Finance Committee. I outgrew that long ago.
But while I was upon the committee I am
happy to remember to-day that I took an act-
ive part in securing this increase of the tax on
distilled spirits. While that measure was pend-
ing I was iu the habit of conferring with num-
bers of gentlemen from different portions of
the United States who were then engaged in
the distillation of these spirits. I found among
them many gentlemen as intelligent and as
honest, I verily believe, as any men with whom
I have ever conferred upon any subject; and I
remember to-day that among the whole num-
ber I never found a man who professed to care
a fig whether the tax was twenty cents a gallon
or two dollars per gallon. I never found a,
man among them who did not believe that so
far as the manufacturers were concerned they
could just as well afford to pay two dollars as
to pay anything. They asked that they should
not be compelled to advance this high tax to
the Government in advance of sales ; but if
they could be allowed to retain the payment
until their sales were made they were perfectly
willing to pay the two dollars per gallon simply
because they knew tho consumer would pay it
to them. Whisky is just as sure to sell in the
market at its cost as wheat is, or as corn is. It
was then ; it is now. That was the testimony
of honest distillers engaged iu the business at
that time.
And, Mr. President, I am glad to say that I
do not remember ever to have met but one
consumer from that day to this who objected
to paying or having the tax of two dollars per
gallon paid. I believe the great body of con-
sumers, especially of those who cousume it as
a beverage, feel, as I think I expressed myself
at the time, that it made a more respectable
beverage out of it when it had contributed two
dollars per gallon to the necessities of the Gov-
ernment than when it came to you so excess-
ively cheap as the distillers were in the habit
of furnishing it before this tax was put on. I
think to day as I thought then, that it is not
creditable m the Government, it is not credit-
able to the industry of the people, to furnish
so much drunkenness as there is in a gallon of
whisky at forty cents, as you could furnish it at
if there was no tax on it, or at a dollar, as you
can furnish it with a tax of only fifty or sixty
cents per gallon. I do not think it is a respect-
able thing.
Now, Mr. President, why is this proposition
brought before us at this time to reduce this
tax from two dollars to sixty cents a gallon ?
It is not because you are getting too much
money; it is not because your Treasury is
overflowing; it is not because you are debauch-
ing and demoralizing the American people with
a superabundant Treasury ; it is not because
you have more money than you know how to
expend. You are, on the contrary, racking
every resource upon which you can place your
hands to get the money with which to meet
the pressing, the urgent demands of the nation.
What, then, is the reason for putting this tax
down? Does it discourage any branch of in-
dustry ? Does it discourage any kind of pro-
duction which the nation cares to foster, or
wiahes to build up, or to promote? No man
here will pretend that. If it discourages any-
thing, any kind of production, it is the pro-
duction of this one article, distilled spirits;
and I do not think there is any sound interest
in the Government which would be injured if
we did, by our legislation, discourage the pro-
duction of whisky. But the simple fact is, it
would not discourage the production of that
article, nor the consumption of it. There will
be no more or less whisky drank in the coun-
try or consumed in the country whether the tax
be sixty cents or two dollars. Where there is
an appetite for the use of this article as a bev-
erage that appetite is proof against any meas-
ure of taxation that you ever have proposed
yet. Where there is a necessity for tbe use of
it in mechanics, of course that necessity will
have to stand this great tax. But the amount
of this distillation which is used in mechanics
as compared with the quantity which is used
as a beverage is nothing at all.
Then what is the reason for urging upon us
this reduction? I do not know but that it has
been stated in the course of this debate; it is
understood throughout the country, understood
as plainly as if it was recited in a preamble to
this bill. The proposition-rests upon the alle-
gation that two dollars per gallon cannot be
collected ; that the Government is not equal to
the task of collecting this amount of two dollars
per gallon. Why, sir, when you first com-
menced taxing whisky, the manufacture of that
article was in the hands of men the great body
of whom would have gone on foot to your col-
lectors to pay any amount of tax you saw fit to
impose rather than to rest under the odium of
attempting to deprive the Government of any
portion of its legitimate revenues. That the
character of the gentlemen engaged in this
manufacture may have changed very much
since that time 1 cannot undertake to deny.
That the individuals engaged in it have chauged
very much, I know ; for I have seen many men
who were engaged in the manufacture then who
are no longer engaged in it, and I have heard
of others who were engaged in it then and are no
longer engaged in it. But I do not pretend to
say that if every man who then was manufac-
turing distilled spirits was now doing it and
was as honest to-day as he was then, he, under
the operation of your revenue system, would
take the trouble to walk out of his town or to
walk out of his office to see this tax collected.
He could not afford to do it. No man can
afford to-day to be honest who is engaged in
the manufacture of distilled spirits simply be-
cause the Government itself tolerates and winks
at, and covers up, aids and abets so many dis-
honest, corrupt, wicked, nefarious men who
are engaged in the same business. It is man-
ifest that an honest distiller cannot afford to pay
to your Treasury two dollars a gallon on his
production when the dishouest one settles with
the same Treasury at one dollar per gallon.
He can afford to pay the two dollars if the Gov-
ernment will see to it that nobody else makes
whisky c' eaper than he does or settles with the
Treasury at a less figure than he does. It is
only upon that condition that he can afford to
pay his taxes.
We know very well that the Government has
not enforced the collection of this tax hereto-
fore. Before you commenced the taxation of
whisky you were making about eighty million
gallons a year. I suppose no man pretends
that the production is any less than it was then,
i have no doubt it is much raore. I believe
we are now getting about one million dollars
a month, or something like that, from this
source. That shows you simply that your rev-
enues from this one source are defrauded to
the extent of about one hundred and seventy
million dollars per annum. That money, I
suppose, is divided among the dishonest and
knavish men who are employed in the manu-
facture and who are employed in the collec-
tion of your revenue. It is an enormous sum.
Now, Mr. President, these laws have been
in existence some five or six years. Itissome
six years since you first commenced to tax
whisky. From year to year the-Legislature
has made it its business to perfect the system,
to improve the machinery by which these taxes
