1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3821
are collected. This is the last attempt at im-
provement. I have not had the opportunity
to examine this bill very carefully. So far as
I have examined it I am inclined to think it is
a decided improvement upon anything that we
have ever had upon the statute-book before.
It seems to me very carefully drawn. But I
admit that there is no statute in the world, be
it ever so cunning, that can stand in the place
of, or answer for, an honest officer. The great
defect in your system at this time is that you
have not honest, officers, and you have not men
at the head of your system who will call dis-
honest officers to any just or fair account-
ability.
The different methods by which your rev-
enues have been defrauded in this one article
are just as familiar to the great body of the
people of the United States, to the whole body
of its business men, as they are to the men who
are engaged in perpetrating those frauds them-
selves. They are in the mouths of everybody,
Senators are repeating them, members of
committees are repeating them, telling them
here on the floor. They go into the columns
of the Globe. They go into the columns of
the newspapers throughout the country. You
know all the expedients and all the tricks.
Different schemes have been detailed here over
and over again. This very season I have heard
of some individuals connected with this branch
of the service being brought to grief by reason
of their rascalities. But, sir, it is known to
the President of the United States ; it is known
to the Secretary of the Treasurer ; it is known
to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue ; it
is known to the country that hundreds and
hundreds of the most gigantic frauds, amount-
ing to millions in specific instances, have been
perpetrated. Every step has been detailed,
but no attempt has been made to call any one
of the officers within whose jurisdiction these
great frauds have been perpetrated to any
sort of an account.
Mr. President, when the whole press of the
country resounds with the fact that vessels are
loaded with barrelsnnder the pretext of export-
ing whisky and nothing but water is sent out,
or when vessels under the same pretext are
loaded with whisky and that whisky never goes
out of sight of land, butreturnsandis unloaded
within a particular collection district of the
United States, one would suppose, when such
facts as those are narrated, if you had an effi-
cient and honest administration of the Execu-
tive Departments, the revenue officers would
be in danger of losing their places.
Mr. CONNESS. Not a bit.
Mr. HOWE. '' Not a bit," says the Sena-
tor. Yes ; they would be in danger of losing
their places if the Senator himself was at the
head of one of these Departments. It would
not do for a collector or an inspector in that
district to say " I did not know anything about
that." The Senator from California would tell
him at once when he urged that plea that he
was not the man for his place; that he was
decidedly out of place ; and that he could find
a better man for it; for he knows, as you know,
and as I know, that it is not difficult to find
men for each one of these places who cannot
be manipulated and put to sleep every time
one of these fraudulent shipments is desired or
attempted.
And so, Mr. President, when a large quantity
of spirits is forwarded from a distillery in the
interior of the country to the sea-board in bond
and never reaches the warehouse, but goes
upon the marke before getting there, and that
fact becomes notorious and is in the mouths
of everybody, an efficient officer at the head
of the revenue system having control of his
subordinates would see that more vigilant and
careful-officers were put in the place of those
who had allowed such things to be done.
1 have another remark to make. When the
whole country stands pointing their finger to-
ward individual collectors and assessors and
inspectors who are working ata prescribed sal-
ary, so many dollars a day, or so many thou-
sands a year, and when you are told that they
are piling up fortunes in a month, and you are
made to see the fortunes, to see them suddenly
transformed from poor men to millionaires—I
say, when such circumstances are pointed out,
and they go on from day to day, itis an explana-
tion of this mystery whereby your tax upon the
statute book continues so very heavy, and your
income from this source is so very light; and
it is another instance I think, in which, if you
had an efficient administration of the Executive
Departments of your Government, such spec-
tacles would not any longer be seen.
Now, wo do encounter, we have encountered,
these difficulties. I know the Finance Com-
mittee cannot change these officers ; the Sen-
ate cannot; both Houses of Congress cannot.
There was a time when we might have pre-
vented a great many of these appointments,
but we did not do it. Such men, men of this
character, are now in office. For the purpose
of what I have to say this morning I am will-
ing to admit what I suppose the Committee on
Finance assert, that the tax of two dollars per
gallon cannot be collected. But 1 say, if the
fact be so, it does seem to me, nevertheless,
the Committee on Finance have mistaken
terribly the remedy. It is no remedy to reduce
this tax to fifty cents. You have dishonest men
engaged in this branch of the service. They
will not collect or they will not account for this
tax. Why, sir, that same class of men will
remain in office after you have passed this bill,
and if they will not collect and account for
two dollars, they will not collect and account
for fifty cents.
I have heard it said that these distillers
would pay the fifty cents rather than run the
risk of detection. Why, Mr. President, they
will pay two dollars just as quick as fifty cents.
The great mass of them run no risk of detec-
tion. Their arrangements are perfected with
the officers; they are in full communion with
the Government itself, through its employes,
and know exactly the terms upon which they
are doing business; and they run no more risk
than the Government does. To be sure, if
somebody, who has no duty to perform, out-
wits the distiller, arid the assessor, and the
collector, and the inspector, and informs the
Commissioner or the Secretary, then the dis-
tiller may come to grief, and so may the col-
lector, and so may the inspector. Whatever
risk there is is mutual. They all share in it.
But that risk is so very light that I feel great
confidence in assuring the Committee on Fi-
nance that they will find fifty cents a gallon
abundant to encourage them still to go on
with this same copartnership to the end. Fifty
cents on eighty million gallons will yield
$40,000,000, and that is a pretty good fund to
steal from. It ought to satisfy a large number
of reasonable thieves.
The Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart]
shakes his head ; says it will not. 1 suppose
he thinks they have been so high fed hereto-
fore that they will not compromise for forty
millions. He may be right. lie may know
bettor than I do. He may be right; but all I
have to say in reply to that is, if they are not
willing to take the forty millions, they will take
the balance out of your other sources of reve-
nue ; and if that theory is correct you ought
by all manner of means to keep up your tax to
two dollars for the express purpose of furnish-
ing a fund which will satisfy the rascals, which
will content the thieves, and which will en-
courage or induce them to pay the balance of
your revenue into the Treasury. To-day you
start out in this bill with this proposition, that
you have an army of thieves engaged in col- [
lecting the revenue, and in order to swell the j
resources of the Treasury you propose to re- i
duce the amount of the revenue. You admit |
you cannot control them; you confess that they !
are stronger than the Government; you confess :
that rascality is supreme over honesty in the
nation, and then reduce the fund upon which
they are allowed to plunder, and you expect
them to deal honestly with the other sources
of revenue 1 It seems to me we shall find our-
selves mistaken.
I do not venture the prediction that your rev-
enues from this source will not be increased if
you put this tax down to fifty cents a gallon,
for I do not know what is in the future. If the
gentlemen outside of Congress can control the
action of Congress ; can make us reduce a tax
when they tell us to, or raise it when they tell
usto, and if they have decreed that putting
this down to fifty cents is only a temporary
measure, that it is resorted to only to enable
them to get outof bond the large quantity which
is collected there, and to manufacture at this
low rate an additional amount which will sup-
ply the consumption for a year, and then to be
followed with another sudden and great rise—
if that be the theory upon which this legislation
is based, then I admit your revenues will be
increased from this source, because the mo-
ment the tax is put down to fifty cents, every-
body who has a distillery or can lease one will
goto work distil ling to the utmost of its capacity,
and when the amount on hand is as large as
they care to advance the tax upon, then they
will come forward and tell us, as we were told
some years ago, "It is a great scandal to let
this article go to market so cheap, when you
are taxing the direct necessities of life as heavily
as your laws still will tax them." They will
tell us that it is a great scandal that this article
should pay only fifty cents a gallon, that it
ought to pay a dollar and a half or two dollars
again, and then the tax will be raised, and then
they will reap the profits on their business trans-
action in the mean time.
But if that is not the theory ; if the theory
is that fifty cents a gallon is to be hereafter
for all the future the maximum of the tax on
whisky, then while you have your present
corps of officers in control of this branch of
the service you must not expect any additional
revenue from this article. They are masters
of the situation, and you tell them so by this
bill. Their interests must be taken care of
first, and you tell them they can and may take
care of them first. Their interest is to fill
their pockets, let what will happen to the
Treasury; and if they cannot fill their pockets
by taking the same percentage of the fifty
cents that they have required of the two dol-
lars, then they will take a larger percentage of
that: and if the whole of the fifty cents will
not fill their pockets, then, as I have already
said to you, they will take the other revenue
collected from other subjects.
But, Mr. President, leaving out all these
economical considerations, if I knew that you
could not get a dollar of revenue from this
source for the next eight months, and if I
knew that you could get fifty millions by re-
ducing this tax to fifty cents, I should still
insist that you did not make enough by the
change to compensate f'orthe indelible disgrace
you inflict upon the character of the nation by
the confession which the first section of this
bill contains. If it is true that the Govern-
ment is weaker than this band of thieves I
would not be hired to place the acknowledg-
ment of the fact upon the statute-book for
any $50,000,000. 1 would keep it off; and the
more I felt my weakness the more I would
pretend to be strong, if I were the Govern-
ment. The more imminent I felt to be the
danger of my being beaten in this protracted
struggle, the more I would pretend that there
was no danger at all. I would not make this
humiliating confesson for any amount of money
that anybody proposes to realize out of this
■change in the law.
But, sir, I do not believe in any sort of
necessity to adopt this measure. I believe that
a revenue can be collected from this article.
I have been told, and I believe that business
ratii will enter into obligations to pay the Treas-
ury of the United States from a million to a
million and a half dollars every week in lieu of
this tax on distilled spirits; that you can farm
out this business of distilling liquors at from
one million to a million and a half dollars per
week. We never have done it. It is not
exactly in harmony with our notions. It would
require you to grant a monopoly to somebody
