1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
REPEAL OF THE COTTON TAX.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to ask whether the
bill for the repeal of the cotton tax has been
returned from the Senate ?
The SPEAKER. It has been returned with
amendments, and is now upon the Speaker's
table.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that it be taken
from the Speaker's table and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 207) to provide for the exemption of
cotton from internal tax was taken from the
Speaker's table, and referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means. v
EXPENSES OF COMMITTEE REPORTING.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution :
Metolved, That the Committee on Accounts be
directed to inquire into and report the expense of
the stenographic reporting for committees of the
Ilouse, and that they recommend any change they
may deem proper to reduce the cost of such report-
ing, and that said committee have leave to report
by bill or otherwise.
Mr. COBB. I object.
CONTESTED ELECTION BIRCH VS. VAN HORN.
Mr. POLAND. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege, and call up the report of the Committee
of Elections on the contested election case
of Birch vs. Van Horn, from the sixth district
of Missouri. I ask that the resolutions re-
ported by the committee be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Recolved, That James H. Birch is not entitled to a
seat in thisHouse as a Representative in theFortieth
Congress from the sixth congressional district of
Missouri.
Resolved, That Robert T. Van Horn is entitled to a
seat in this House as a Representative in the Fortieth
Congress from the sixth congressional district of
Missouri.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, the report
made by the Committee of Elections in this
case is somewhat voluminous, and therefore I
do not ask that it be read at length. The
main facts I will endeavor to state in the
remarks which I propose to make.
The number of votes for Representative in
the sixth congressional district of Missouri, as
reported by the Secretary of State, were 5,391
for Mr. Van Horn, the sitting member, and
4,857 for Mr. Birch, the contestant; making
a majority of 534 votes in favor of Mr. Yan
Horn.
The contestant claims that in the return of
votes from Clinton county, one of the counties
of that district, there was a mistake of nine
votes; that the votes for thfi contestant were
nine more than the numBer returned and
counted by the Secretary of State. And this
the committee find from the evidence to have
been the fact, thus reducing the majority of
Mr. Van Horn to 525 votes.
The contestant claims that all the votes in
the county of Clinton, except those in the
township of Concord, should be excluded in
consequence of a defect in the poll-books of
the various townships of that county, except
the township of Concord. The defect con-
sists in the want of the certificate of the oath,
which should be attached to the poll-book in
accordance with the law of Missouri. The
statute of Missouri, in prescribing the form of
the poll-book, requires a certificate that the
judges of the election have taken the oath
required by the constitution and laws of Mis-
souri. The clerk and deputy clerk of the
county of Clinton testify that the poll-books,
as returned from the various townships in that
county, except the township of Concord, had
not attached to them this certificate of the
oath. The committee regard this as a defect
for which the poll-books ought to have been
rejected in making the count. The fact that the
: poll-books had not the necessary certificate is
established by the two witnesses I have men-
tioned. There was some difference of opinion
in the committee in relation to the question
whether this fact could be properly proved by
the oral testimony of witnesses ; whether the
poll-books or some authenticated copy of them
ought not to be produced to show that the cer-
tificate was wanting. In my judgment, this
is a case in which parole evidence is proper.
The object is not to show the contents of the
poll-books, bqt to prove that upon the poll-
books a certain certificate which the statute
requires does not appear.
How it was to be proved by any proper rec-
ord evidence I do not very well understand.
These election officers are not made by the
statutes of Missouri, so far as I have been able
to learn, certifying officers, so that a copy of
the poll-book certified by them would be no
evidence before any committee, before this
House, or any of its committees. Neither do
I suppose these poll-books could be brought
here, taken from the office where they properly
belonged, and used as evidence before the com-
mittee. But the committee were not unani-
mous in relation to this view of the law. It is
not a material point of the case, and I there-
fore will not spend any more time on it.
Provided this evidence is regarded as suffi-
cient to establish this defect in the poll-book,
that for that reason the votes from Clinton
county should be excluded from the count,
it reduces the majority of Van Horn 18G,
leaving his majority of accepted votes, as they
are termed in Missouri, 339.
Another question is raised upon evidence
produced on the part of the contestant in refer-
ence to the supervisors of registration of the
counties of Clinton and Clay, two of the coun-
ties in this congressional district. By the law
of Missouri, their registration law, the Gov-
ernor is to appoint in each county one superin-
tendentof registration, who is required by their
statute to be a qualified voter. This superin-
tendent of registration appoints the deputy
registrars who are to perform the duties of
registration in the different election precincts
in the county. Evidence has been introduced
before the committee on the part of the con-
testant tending to show that Francis D. Phillips,
superintendent of registration in Clinton county,
and Anthony Harsel, superintendent of regis-
tration in Clay county, that these two men in
the early days of the rebellion were what is
termed "rebel sympathisers," and that they
had some connection with the rebellion. If so,
under the present constitution and laws of Mis-
souri, they ought not to have been admitted as
qualified voters, and in the absence of evidence
to contradict what is said by the contestant of
these men the committee would have felt bound
to decide such was their political condition, and
they ought not to have been admitted as quali-
fied voters.
But, on the other hand, it is conceded, Mr.
Speaker, these men took all the oaths re-
quired by the law to make them qualified
voters. They were duly appointed supervisors
of registration in their respective counties by
the Governor of the State, and they took all the
steps required by the constitution and laws of
Missouri to make them legal superintendents.
They entered upon and actually discharged all
the duties of their office. Now, conceding it
to be true that there was reason why they
ought not to have been admitted as. qualified
voters, still they were .admitted and entered
upon their respective offices by virtue of a reg-
ular legal appointment of the Governor ; they
were legally and regularly inducted under all
the forms prescribed by the laws of the State
into the exercise of the duties of the office of
supervisors. The opinion of the committee
is, although they ought not to have been ad-
mitted ag qualified voters, as they held their
office after legal and regular induction into it,
their right cannot be questioned collaterally,
but must be by some proceeding to try directly
their title to the office. And no such proceed-
ing has taken place. And it would be cer-
tainly going a great way, Mr. Speaker, in con-'
sequence of this defect in the supervisors, to
vitiate the appointment of the deputy regis-
trars, and thus vitiate the entire election. The
committee were unanimous in the belief that
this had no effect in invalidating the votes given
in these two counties.
The great ground of contest, however, in this
case arises upon what ia termed in Missouri—.
and it has become a legal technical term under
the constitution and laws of that State—the
rejected vote. When any person offers himself
for registration in Missouri to any registering
officers he is, in the first place, required to take
the test-oath prescribed by the constitution.
He is not allowed to be registered or even to
be examined for registration until he shall, in
the first place, take the oath prescribed by the
constitution of Missouri. When he has taken
this oath he is then subjected to an examina-
tion by the registrar, and his answers are not
conclusive in relation to his right to'registra-
tion, but other evidence is admissible to be
taken by the registrar, and upon the whole evi-
dence taken before him he determines whether
the person thus offering himself for registration
can truthfully take the oath, whether he shall
be allowed to register as an accepted voter, or
whether his name shall be put upon the rejected
list. The names of those whom the registrar
determines not to be entitled to be registered as
qualified voters are placed upon what is termed
the rejected list of voters. That rejected list is
supplied to the judges of election and election
officers, together with the list of accepted voters,
and those persons who have not been admitted
to register as qualified voters and whose names
are put upon the rejected list have a right to
offer their votes and to have their votes received
by the election officers, but they are put upon
a rejected list of voters and the votes are kept
by themselves j they are not counted for the
persons for whom they are given, but they are
kept by themselves as the rejected votes.
Now, in this last congressional election in
the sixth district of Missouri there were a very
large number of these rejected votes, as fol-
lows:
Birch. Van ITorn.
Clinton county  122 0
Kay county  274 0
La Fayette county    'J25 0
Jackson county  343 5
Clay county  507 1
Carroll county  126 1
Saline county  5ft) 1
Platte county  325 1
2,501
9
It is further claimed by the contestant that
48 rejected votes were cast for him in the town-
ship of Concord, Clinton county, 62 in Lexing-
ton, and 23 in Davis, in La Fayette county,
which were not counted even among therejected
votes on account of some defect in the returns.
The committee are satisfied that these votes
were all cast for Birch, and if therejected votes
are to be counted these should be counted as
well as the 2,501. From two counties in the
district we have no evidence in relation to the
number of rejected votes cast, but in the coun-
ties where the number is proved it amounts to
several times the mtyority received by Van
Horn, the sitting member ; so that the case is
clearly to turn on whether the rejected votes
ought to be counted or whether the evidence
shows that enough of them ought to have been
counted to overcome the majority returned in
favor of Van Horn, the sitting member.
The contestant, Mr. Speaker, claims, in the
first place, that these votes should be allowed
in his favor upon legal grounds, without regard
to any evidence that has been adduced on his
part tending to show that they were loyal men
who ought to have been admitted to be regis-
tered and vote under the present constitution and
laws of the State of Missouri. He claims that
these men, 6r the great mass of them, were
voters under the constitution and laws of Mis-
souri previous to the adoption of the present
constitution in 1865 ; that they were residents
of the district and of the county and of the elec-
tion precinct so as to be entitled to vote, and
that they were entitled to vote by the constitu-
tion and laws of Missouri previous to the adop-
tion of the present constitution, which went into
force on the 4th of July, 1865. They are dis-
qualified from registration and from votingunder
the present constitution by reason of their ina-
bility to take the test-oath that the new consti-
tution prescribes. The contestant claimed
