1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2 pr-
anging from such a precision is that if the
Indian reservations are not included within
the jurisdiction of the Territory its authorities
can exercise no jurisdiction there ; criminals
run over, get on the reservations, and escape
punishment.
Mr, CONNESS. And treaties follow.
Mr. POMEUOY. But there are no such
treaties in the Territory to which this applies.
I should like to have these words strickeu out
unless there be some objection on the part of
the committee that I cannot comprehend.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to know
from those having the bill in charge whether
there are any such tieaties. I supposed from
seeing this provision in the bill that there weie
treaties which provided that jurisdiction should
not be extended over the Indians.
Mr. POMEUOY. This is the old phrase-
ology drawn from bills applicable to Territo-
ries where the Indian tribes had specific stipu-
lations in a treaty that they should never be
included within any State or Territory. The
draftsman of this bill simply copied those
words. They are not applicable to this place,
and ought not to be used, because if you can
not extend the jurisdiction of a Territory over
an Indian reservation you cannot catch a crim-
inal on that reservation, and if the Indians are
not included in this jurisdiction you have no
Territory there, because it is almost all Indian
land at present.
Mr. NYE. I suppose that the reason for
this provision is that some of the recent treaties
made by the commissioners sent out do include
a portion of the Indians in this Territory.
Mr. POMEUOY. I apprehend that there
is no distinctive reservation for these Indians
under any treaty by which it is provided that
they shall never be included withm the juris-
diction of any State or Territory. If there is
such a provision it, is against the public inter-
est and against public policy, and ought not to
be made.
Mr. NYE. The honorable Senator will
remember that there is a propositionnowpend-
ing and commissioners are treating about
locating ill the northern part of this Territory
tribes which it has been proposed to remove
there.
Mr. YATES. This provision was proposed
with reference to that.
Mr. NYE. Whether that treaty is complete,
whether the reservation is located or not, I
do not know ; but if there is 110 treaty this pro-
vision amounts to nothingand can do no harm.
To my knowledge, there is 110 treaty existing
which would require this provision in the bill;
but the particular provision was left in on the
supposition that before the bill passed a reser-
vation would perhaps be located there by the
commissioners now in that region.
i\lr. POMEUOY. If the Senator will ex-
amine this language, he will see that it says
that all such land as comes within the descrip-
tion shali be excepted out of the boundaries,
and shall constitute no part of the new Terri-
tory. What kind of boundaries are you going
to have for this Territory if you have such a
provision in the bill?
Mr. NYE. The clause rests on the hypoth-
esis that the existing Indian treaty has that
provision in it.
Mr. POMEUOY. There is 110 such thing.
Mr. NiTE. If there is not the provision
cannot do any hint, .and if there happens to
be such a treaty it covers it.
Mr. POMEUOY. If this provision was not
in the bill, and we should afterward consent to
a treaty containing such a stipulation, that
would be in the nature of a law, and would
cover this question. But suppose you put this
provision in the bill and it becomes a law, and
hereafter commissioners make a treaty that
will repeal or modify it, then the question is
whether the treaty-making power can abrogate
a law of Congress, and you have a more diffi-
cult question than you have if these words be
lelt out. Leave them out entirely, and then
you have nothing against what a treaty may
provide, and if the Senate hereafter make a I
treaty of the kind supposed there will be no
law to conflict with it.
Mr. NYE. On the part of the committee
there is rio desire to retain this phraseology if
it is objectionable, but I think it is entirely
harmless. It is useless if 110 such treaty exists;
but I was infoimed at the Department that
probably before this bill passed there would
be a treaty existing by which a reservation in
this Territory would be set apart for certain
Indians. As the Senator must know, this is
the very region of country where it is proposed
to make that reservation, in the northern part
of the Territory, to which to move the tribes
from the South.
Mr. POMEUOY. If you strike out these
words, and such a treaty shall be made, there
will be no law to inteifere with it.
Mr. NY 111. It strikes me the other way.
Mr. POMEUOY. There will be 110 law 011
the subject, and therefore nothing in the way
of making the treaty.
Mr. YATES. The committee were informed
that there wore several tribes of Indians in
Dakota and Montana whom it was desirable
to remove to a reservation, and that the com-
mission sent out there for that purpose could
find 110 other Territory so suitable for the pur-
pose as this. The committee, therefore, thought
it best to so frame the bill that in case such a
reservation should be necessary the act itself
would not interfere with it. 1 cannot see any
possible objection to this, because if no such
reservation is made this provision will have no
effect. I think the amendment is unnecessary.
Air. POMEUOY. The difficulty I have
always found with this phraseology is, that if
wo live up to our agreements, which we never
do, we put it into the power of an Indian tribe
to say that a State government shall never be
extended over them. You commence in the
beginning by saying that they shall never be
included within the boundaries of any State or
Territory without their consent. If that means
anything, if we live up to it in the future, it
means that unless some little Indian tribe con-
sents, this Government of the United States
shall never extend jurisdiction over that Terri-
tory. The principle is wioug. The United
States has jurisdiction over all this territory,
and it is unnecessary to put into a bill of this
kind a provision that the tribe must consent in
order to have jurisdiction extended over them.
Mr. YATES. What is the proposed amend-
ment ?
The PUESIDENTj3ro tempore. The amend-
ment will be read.
Mr. POMEUOY. I want to strike out this
language, because it is unnecessary. I do not
care anything about it, but [ think it is entirely
unnecessary.
The Chikf Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the bill by striking out in the first section all
after the word '"Indians" in the ninteenth line.
The words proposed to be stricken out are as
follows:
Or to include any territory which, by treaty with
any Indian tribe, id not, without the con&cnt of said
tribe, to be included withm the territorial limits 01
jurisdiction of any State or Territory; but ail such
territoiy shall be excepted out of she boundaries and
constitute no purt ot the Territoiy oi [Wyoming]
Lincoln,until said tribe shall signify their assent to
the President ot the United States to bo included
withm The said Territory- or to u-tlect the authonty
of the Government of the United States to make any
regulations respecting said Indians, their lands,
property, or other rights, by treaty, law, or other-
wise, which it would have been competent for the
Government, to make if this act had never passed 1
Pvomdrd Ju-thcr, That nothing in this act contained
shall be eonstiued to inhibit the Government of the
United States irom dividing s.iul Teiritory into two
or more Territories in such mannei and at sucli time
as Congress shall deem convenient and proper, or
irom attaching any portion theicof to ;uiy other
Territory or State.
Mr. POMEUOY. I do not care about,
striking out the proviso. My amendment was
intended only to apply to striking out the
words as far as the proviso, and I so modify it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. When General Sher-
man was here he was before the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and, if i understood distinctly,
the proposition was 011 the part-of the com-
missioners, of whom he was on®, to try to set
apart a territory in the North for the northern
I ndians, orthe Indians of the Plains, the Sioux,
the Arapahoes, the Cheyennes, &e., to get
them away irom the great routes of travel by
giving to them a territory in the North, tho
same as we^have given to the southern Indians
a territory in the South. It may be necessary,
in order to come to an arrangement with these
great and powerful tribes, for these commis-
sioners to enter into a treaty negotiation by
which they will agree that the Indiaus shall
hold the territory which we give them in per-
petuity, and that we shall never embrace them
within the territorial jurisdiction of a State or
Territory without their consent. You may not
be able to make treaties with these great and
powerful tribes unless you tender to them this
kind of a provision for their permaneut home.
Should that be so, it would be necessary that
some such provision as this should be in the
bill, and 1 think the committee have wisely left
it in the bill. But if you strike it out, then
the jurisdiction of this territorial government,
extending over the whole territory, it' you come
to make a treaty that interferes with the bill
itself the Indians may not consent to bring
themselves under the territorial jurisdiction.
Mr. UAMSEY. The probability is that
these great, and powerful tribes will never know
anything about, it.
Mr. D00L1TILE. If my honorable friend
thinks the Sioux, the Arapahoes, and the
Cheyennes do not know what they are treating
about he is very much mistaken.
Mr. UAMSEY. They will probably not
know anything about this bill, and not know
that these imaginary lines are drawn about
certain portions of country.
Mr. POMEKOl'. If the Senator from Wis-
consin will read the language of the bill he
will find that it only applies to existing treaties.
It does not apply to treaties that may be made
in the future, and therefore his remarks do not
apply to this case.
Mr. liAMSEY. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin, us well as the Senator from Kansas, knows
very well that within the well-defined bound-
aries of States and Territories are Indian
tribes located, and jou do not disturb their
government or powers at all. They are there,
and have been all the time. For instance, the
Sioux and the Dakotas were inside the State
of Minnesota since its organization as a State,
and they were there while it was a Territory.
Indians have had reservations marked out
within State limits, and the Indian department
exercised its powers and jurisdiction over
them. That has continued ever since our
admission with some Indians in the State.
The State or territorial government does not
interfere with them in the slightest degree. I
would advise the committee to .strike out, these
words as proposed by the Senator from Kansas.
The erection of a territorial government does
not affect the Indians at all, and therefore the
provision is unnecessary.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. if there be no such
treaty, and 110 such treaty shall be made, then,
as a matter of course, this provision standing
in the bill has no effect at all; but if the com-
mission, of which General Sherman is a mem-
ber, should make such a treaty, and in the treaty
agree, as was agreed with the Cherokees, the
Choctaws, and the other Indian tribes in the
southern 1 ndiau territory, that we will not extend
a territorial government over them without their
consent, if the commission should find it neces-
sary to make such a treaty this provision wouid
bo a good provision in the bill, and would bo
operative ; otherwise it would not.
Mr. POMEUOY. Buf this only applies to
treaties already existing.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is by no means
certain.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I think
that this portion of the section should certainly
be stricken out; otherwise it ^ill be impossi-
ble to administer justice in this Territory.
The boundaries are defined, an'? the "Territory
is to he divided into judicial districts, and thai
the section provides that if any portion of the
