2798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June %
Territory is in the possession of the Indians,
and uo treaty is made with those Indians, that
portion of the Territory shall not be included
within the original boundaries, and shall con-
stitute no part of the Territory. Of course,
if it is not a part of the Territory, the juris-
diction of the courts does not extend to that
portion which is in the possession of the In-
dians, and it will make it a city of refuge for
criminals and others to avoid punishment for
crime or escape the service of process. I
think there ought to be no provision in this
bill that deprives any, portion of the country
within these boundaries from the protection
which the laws and the courts give to the peo-
ple of the Territory. If this is allowed to
stand, then there may be a portion of the Ter-
ritory 011 the southern boundary to which the
jurisdiction of the courts does not extend,
because there is a tribe of Indians that do not
make any treaty with the United States, and
there may be another portion of the Territory
on the northern boundary in the same condi-
tion ; and so the Territory will be parceled
up, and it will be impossible to tell where the
jurisdiction of the courts does or does not
extend. I think this provision ought to be
stricken out on that ground.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas, [Mr. Pomehoy.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to strike out
the seventeenth section.
The section was read as follows :
Sec. 17. Awl be it further enacted, That the Presi-
ident of the United States, by and with the conscnt
of the Senate, shall be, and ho is hereby, authorized
to appoint a surveyor general for the said Territory,
who shall locate his office at such place as the Secre-
tary of the Interior shall from time to time direct, and
whose duties, powers, obligations, responsibilities,
compensation, and allowances for clerk hire, office
rent, fuel, and incidental expenses shall be the same
as those of the Territory of Dakota, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, andsuch instruc-
tions as he from time to time may deem it advisable
to give him.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I intend to follow this
motion, should it be sustained, by a similar
motion to strike out the eighteenth and nine-
teenth sections, which propose to establish
land districts in this Territory. It is not usual
in bills organizingterritorialgovernments which
are intended to be political in their character
—I donot meaninany party sense, but intended
merely to establish governments—to provide for
the disposal of the public lands. A billestablish-
inga surveyor general'soffice, and also establish-
ing local land offices, should be separate, and
should be considered by the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands. It is a subject that does not properly
belong to this bill, and is not properly to be
considered by the Committee on Territories. I
am not prepared to say that there should be
an additional surveyor general's office. The
probabilities are that for some years to come
the surveying operations in this new Territory
ought to be very limited ; but a very small sum
should be appropriated for surveys in this Ter-
ritory ; and they should be expended, of course,
in those localities where the settlements are
feeing most rapidly formed. There is no incon-
venience in carrying on these surveys through
the office already established in the Territory
of Dakota.
It is not an unusual, but a very common
thing, that the same surveyor general's office
shall extend to more than one Territory, and
it may very well perhaps be the case here. The
establishment of a surveyor general's office
involvesagood deal of expense, and should not
be made except upon a clear case of necessity.
I suggest to the Senators having this bill m
charge, that these sections be omitted, and that,
according to the custom, we provide for the
disposal of the public lands in other bills.
Mr. YATES. I have no particular objection
to the amendment, and I presume the commit-'
lee have none. The Senator is mistaken, how-
ever, in supposing that this provision is unpre-
cedented. It is copied, I think, from the bill for
the organization of the Territory of Dakota, but
there is no particular reason perhaps why it
should be here.
Mr. POME HOY. I agree with the Senator
from Indiana that the seventeenth and nine-
teenth sections should be stricken out. The
eighteenth section, however, I think involves
no expense. Itprovides that the Territory shall
be formed into a land district at such time as
the President may direct, and that a land office
shall be located at such point as the President
may direct, and shall be removed from time to
time under his direction. Every Territory
should have one land district, but I would not
provide in this case for the appointment of a
register and receiver until after the surveys
have been made, and there can be no surveys
until after a suveyor general is appointed, so
that perhaps all three sections may as well be
stricken out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Indi-
ana to strike out the seventeenth section of
the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I make the same mo-
tion in regard to the eighteenth and nineteenth
sections, to strike them out.
The motion was agreed to.
The sections stricken out are as follows:
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted. That the Terri-
tory of Wyoming shall be formed into a land district
at such time as the President may direct, the land
office for which shall be located at such point as the
President may direct, and shall be removed from
time to time to other points within said district
whenever, in his opinion, it inay bo expedient.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That the Presi-
dent be, and he is hereby, authoiized to appoint, by
and with the consent of the Senate, a register and
receiver for said district, who shall respectively be
required to reside at the site of said office, and who
shall have the same powers, perform the same duties,
and receive the same compensation as are or may be
proscribed by law in relation to other land offices of
the United States.
Mr. HOWE. I desire now to move an amend-
ment which I think will occasion bo debate. I
have submitted it to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Territories, and he has no objection
to it. I move this amendment as an additional
section:
And be it further enacted, That this act shall take
effect from and after the time when the executive and
judicial officers herein provided for shall have been
duly appointed and qualified: Provided, That all ter-
ritorial laws in force in any portion of said Territory
of Wyoming at the time this act shall take effect shall
continue in force until repealed by the legislative
authority of said Territory.
Mr. STEWART. I hope that will not be
done, or at least that, some modification of the
amendment will be made. The Territory of
Dakota has undertaken to pass a mining code
which is as unlike anything that is useful for
that purpose as any code that could be well
conceived of. It is in conflict with the law of
Congress. It is cumbersome and inconvenient.
The people in this Territory have held several
meetings on the subject, and passed resolutions
which have been sent to me asking that Con-
gress shall interfere and abrogate these laws
altogether. They are very bad laws.
Mr. HOWE. Very well, Mr. President, as
soon as they have a Legislature they can repeal
those laws. If you do not adoptthis provision
they will not have any laws.
Mr. STEWART. They are not in need of
any of these laws.
Mr. HOWE. But they ought to have some
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator will put in i
his amendment a proviso abrogating those j
mining laws, I shall consent to it; but cei- I
tainly I would not fasten on that people that!
system of mining laws. Under this provision, j
without some modification, you will fasten j
those laws upon them for nearly a year. They I
have disregarded them as being in conflict with |
the law of the United States, and a letter has ■
been addressed to me inquiring whether these !
laws were operative, inasmuch as they inaugu- ;
rated a different system from that established j
by the law of the United States. I advised >
that the congressionalcodeshouldbe followed, j
This provision, however, as it stands, might 1
legalize the Dakota code, and lead to great
difficulty.
Mr. HOWE. Not at all. It only continues
such laws as are in force at this time. If you
do not do that, you leave these people without
any laws from the time the act takes effect.
We cannot go through the existing codes and
separate what are good laws from what are bad.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to call the attention
of the Senator from Wisconsin to the fact that
a portion of the present Territory of Utah falls
within the limits of this new Territory. He
knows very well that there are very great pecu-
liarities in the code of Utah, and I do not for
one feel like confirming or affirming in any way
any portion of the code of that famous Terri-
tory. Of course I do not refer to polygamy,
which is already rendered unlawful by law,
although I believe it is yet practiced in the
Territory of Utah, the law being entirely impo-
tent to check that vice. But does the Senator
from Wisconsin intend that the Territory of
Wyoming shall thus embrace within its limits
a variety of laws, laws which may be incon-
sistent with each other in many respects? The
largest portion of the Territory is carved out
of the old Territory of Dakota, and it embraces
part of the Dakota code and part of the code
of Utah. I inquire of the Senator from Ne-
vada, [Mr. Nye,] whether a portion of the
Territory of Utah does not fall within the lim-
its of the new Territory of Wyoming, and a
very considerable portion of it.
Mr. NYE. To relieve the honorable Sen-
ator of any particular apprehension on that
subject, I beg to inform him that that portion
of the Territory of Utah, as far as can be as-
certained by the committee, does not contain
over four or five beings—I believe one single
family. I see great propriety in the suggestion
made by the Senator from Wisconsin. You
must have some laws for the time being. "When
the Territory of Nevada was formed, there was
no such provision made, and I found no other
way in the exercise of the little power con ("erred
upon me, than to use such of the laws of Utah
as were in existence up to the time our Legis-
lature met and made laws of their own. I
think there is great wisdom in this proposition.
Mr. CONNESS. Tf the Senator from Wis-
consin will so frame his amendment that these
laws shall remain in existence until a certain
period when the Legislature of the new Terri-
tory shall have organized for business, that will
do; but he goes further than that, and says that
they shall be laws until repealed, [t is easier
to pass a law than to repeal one. In other
words, it is easier to keep a law in existence,
even if it, be an offensive one, than it is to enact
a bad law. If the Senator will modify his
amendment to that extent I think it will be
unobjectionable.
Mr. STEWART. I would suggest a modi-
fication that will remedj'my difficulty, and that
is to add at the end of the amendment these
words: _-'except such laws as relate to the
possession and occupation of mines or mining
claims." The laws of Dakota in regard to
mining are bad, and do not suit a single person
in this district. The people there have gone
on under the national laws in regard to miian"
claims, and tho omly trouble they have now is
the fear that they may be dragged off several
hundred miles to comply with some arbitrary
rules of recording or filing, which are verV
inconvenient to them. These laws undertake
to regulate the size of claims and a great many
other subjects which interfere with the legiti-
mate business of the people, and the quicker
they are abrogated and the miners in this Ter-
ritory are left to the general laws of Congress,
as other miners are, the better it will be.
Mr. WILSON. What laws does the Sena-
tor refer to ?
Mr. STEWART. The mining laws of Da-
kota passed a thousand miles from the mining
region, and which are -not acceptable to the
miners.
Mr. CONNESS. I will say, in addition to
what the Senator from Nevada has stated, that
many ol the territorial Legislatures have passed
