3822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
or other. You have granted that already.
Your collectors and inspectors of internal rev-
enue have a monopoly of this business. The
only difference is that you get $12,000,000 and
they get ยง170,000,000 ; whereas in the other
case you would divide about evenly. That is
all the difference. It is only a pretty stern
necessity resting upon the Government that I
should leel a justification to myself to vote
for selling, farming out this or any other branch
of the revenue; but before I would submit to
such a confession as this first section makes, 1
would not only sell any branch of the internal
revenue, but 1 do not know but that I would
put up the Government itself at public auction
And sell that. I would agree to anything
rather than this.
It is just as easy, it seems to me, to enlist
the honest men in the country on the side of
the Government it is to enlist the thieves ;
and if you will do that I believe they will take
care of the interests of the Government. Sooner
than agree to this f would give the Cotnmis
sioner of Internal Revenue or the Secretary of
the Treasury a commission of five or ten or
fifteen or twenty per cent, on the whole rev-
enue collected from this source, and give him
full command of the force; letliim employ his
own assistants, and pay him the commission
only on so much as he paid into the Treasury.
It would make him immensely rich, I know,
to give him that large commission ; but then
it would make the Government so much more
independent than it has ever been yet. Is it
not belter to give one man a commission of
ten per <;eut. than to distribute a commission
of eighty per cent, among a number of men?
Is it not better to save ninety per cent, of this
revenue than it is to save live per cent, of it?
It is less than that that you are getting now.
I cannot believe that an expedient might
not be adopted which would enable the Gov-
ernment to realize a very large sum in spite of
the men you now have employed in this branch
of the service, not with their help. I guess
that is hopeless ; but in spite of them a very
large revenue could be collected from this
source; and i should have been heartily glad
for the sake of the country if the Committee
on Finance had seen proper to report in favor
of trying some such expedient. Doubtless they
thought they had, and perhaps they had, for
I have not considered the subject very care-
fully, sufficient reasons for not trying any one
of the expedients that I have suggested. Per-
haps there is no expedient by which, as things
nowbtaud, this revenue can be collected; but
I would still carry sail to the end ; I would
still stand upon the light of the Government
to have this full tax; and I would wait for
that happier day, not far distant I believe,
when honesty will take command in the Exec-
utive Departments of the Government, and
when the national will expressed in your stat-
utes will be obeyed willingly by the honest men
of the country, and necessarily by the thieves
of the country.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I shall
vote against any change that may be proposed
to this bill and shall vote for the bill with this
tax at fifty cents. I do not think it is any
backing down on the part of Congress or any
humiliating acknowledgment on ourpart. We
are not the administrators of the Government.
We haveascertained that fact pretty thoroughly.
We do not collect the taxes. 1 believe there
is a larger margin for larceny in two dollars
than in fifty cents; and upon that theory I shall
go for the tax of fifty cents. I do not believe
that putting the tax down to fifty cents will
make those men honest; but I do not think it
will give them quite as large a margin for lar-
ceny. I do not expect to infuse any life into
the administration of the Government while it
remains in its present hands. I do not say
who is to blame ; but it is manifest to me that
no honest effort is made by the authorities to
collect this tax. It is impossible for us to tell
who is to blame. The whole administration
of, the Government, so far as the collection of
this tax is concerned, is a failure.
I do not believe that the American people
are so corrupt that they cannot, administer their
laws. I believe that a vigorous administration
could find honest men that would administer
the law. The fault is in the administration of
the Government. I have no information that
leads me to charge this man or that man par-
ticularly with it. Each one will find sufficient
reasons to charge it. upon another. But we*
have the fact that the revenue is not collected.
I believe that two dollars gives them a wider
margin for wholesale corruption than fifty cents.
Of course officers who have once been cor-
rupted will remain corrupted : but if the tax is
put at fifty cents, there may be some honor in
some men engaged in the business of distilling,
and rather than continue in these corrupt com-
binations, rather than countenance this whole-
sale rascality, they may voluntarily pay the tax
without coerciou. I think we should be likely
to get more from them at fifty cents voluntarily
than we should by any system of coercion.
We cannot coerce them; we cannot force them
to pay the tax if we have to collect it through
the machinery we now have. This measure
looks to me rather like an appeal to the gen-
erosity of the distillers to pay something into
the Treasury.
Mr. MORTON. That is what it is.
Mr. STEWART. That is about what It is.
But when Senators talk about having any force
in the Government to collect it, I do not expect
it; and when they speak as ifwe were respons-
ible, I deny it; we are not responsible in any
degree. I do not care how good the laws are,
in bad hands they amount to nothing. I vote
for this bill as an appeal to the whisky distill-
ers to pay something to the Government. We
put the tax down to a very low figure and ask
them to pay something to the Government and
stop dividing with collectors, inspectors, and
other officers.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. STEWART. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. That idea has occurred to
me. I ask him if he does not think it would
be expedient to change the form of the section
and put it in the form of a petition to the dis-
tillers?
Mr. STEWART. I think we would be as
likely to get about as much in that way. I do
not think that with the present machinery of
Government we have any means of collect-
ing taxes. That is not expected; but there
are some men engaged in this business who,
rather than break the law, will be willing to
pay this sum, and we shall be likely to get as
much as we would if the tax were two dollars.
There is not as wide a margin for rascality.
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator from
Nevada allow roe one word?
Mr. STEWART. Certainly.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senator to this fact: we have twenty-
five milliou gallons now in bond, on which we
have the right and the power to collect the tax
of two dollars. What will you do with that in
bond ?
Mr. STEWART. I think the Senator from
Pennsylvania is mistaken in his proposition
that we have the power to do that.
Mr. CAMERON. I am not mistaken, for
the whisky is there in our possession, and we
can command the payment of the tax any day
we please. We can put a provision in this bill
compelling them to pay the tax in ten, twenty,
or thirty days from this time.
Mr. STEWART. I have no evidence before
me to make me believe that if the whisky is
there it would stay there if we attempted to
realize from it. It has always disappeared in
some way. I have no faith in that at all, not
a particle. Our experience thus far has proved
it to be a failure. When you supposed that you
had whisky in bond you found only empty bar-
rels there. They have a way of doing these
things when there is a thorough partnership
between the officials and the whisky manufac-
turers and dealers. When that partnership is
complete, you may have whisky there on
paper, but it is very doubtful whether you have
it in your warehouse. I think an honest appeal
to the manufacturers of whisky to pay fifty
cents into the Treasury may avail something.
I think the constituents of my friend from Ken-
tacky who manufacture Bourbon will pay fifty
cents ; and I think a great many of the coun-
try people will pay fifty cents rather than be
in partnership with the whisky ring. I think
we shall get more revenue by this reduced tax.
I give notice now that I shall not support next
winter any proposition to raise this tax again.
I shall not vote to raise the tax again to make
a speculation in that form. No doubt we shall
get a very handsome revenue at a tax of fifty
cents when it is thoroughly enforced, and it
will be enforced, because we shall have an
administration at some time, undoubtedly, that
will do it.
Mr. POMEROY. I have been anxious to
have a vote on this distinctive proposition at
some time.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us take the vote now
on the pending amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. The question now I under-
stand to be on concurring in the amendments
made as in Committee of' the Whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The question now is on
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
California [Mr. Coxness] to an amendment
recommended by the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that before further
discussion on the main question the Senate
will allow the vote to be taken on this amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Kansas has the floor.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
taking a vote. I was going to say that at some
time orother, either in Senate or in committee,
I shall move to strike out "fifty cents" and
insert "two dollars," so as to have, if possible,
a distinctive vote of the Senate on that propo-
sition. I have no objection to waiting until we
are in the Senate, and these various amend-
ments are concurred in. I am informed that
we are now considering this bill in the Senate.
I will inquire if that is so?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill has
been reported to the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. Then the first question
will be on concurring in the amendments made
in committee.
Mr. MORTON. That motion has been car-
ried.
Mr. POMEROY. Then, if I am in order, I
move to amend the first section of the bill, the
main feature of the bill, by striking out "fifty
cents " and inserting " two dollars."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is not
now in order. The pending question is on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Cal-
ifornia to an amendment recommended by the
committee.
Mr. POMEROY. That was the amend-
ment moved when we were in committee by
the Senator from California, who sits next to
me, [Mr. Cole.]
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir, and renewed by
me in the Senate. The vote can now be taken
upon that.
Mr. POMEROY. Very well; let us have
that vote first.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
desire to protract the debate on the question
raised by the Senator from Wisconsin, but I
am unwilling to be placed in the attitude in
which he left the Senate in reference to the
amount of tax upon whisky.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator must be
aware that that question is not before the
Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am merely
saying a word or two in reply to the Senator
from Wisconsin.
Mr. CONNESS. You can do that by and by.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I may as
well do it now. I do not not want tc-'ououpy
time.
Mr. President, I disagree with the Senator
