1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-SESSIONAL GLOBE.
2T5
40th Coxg....2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. Paine.
Ho. of Reps.
Lincoln's second term. And if the law or Con-
stitution had expressly or by implication limited
the duration of the office of the Secretary to the
lifetime of the President by whom he was nomi-
nated, then a new appointment would have
been necessary at the accession of Mr. Johnson
to make Mr. Stanton, to all intents and pur-
poses, the lawful incumbent of the office. Hut
no such provisions existed up to March 1, 1807.
Under the law, as it stood from the organiza-
tion of the Government up to March 1, 1867,
the first Secretary of War of President Wash-
ington might have retained his office through
the successive administrations until March 1,
1867, if he had lived so long, without any new
appointment, unless displaced by removal or
by the appointment of a successor.
Jf President Johnson had the power, under
the act of 1789, to remove Mr. Stanton from
the War Office between the date of Mr. Lin-
coln's death and March 1,1807, yet, as a matter
of fact, he did not exercise that power. On the
contrary, he declined to accept Mr. Stanton's
resignation, tendered soon after the death of
Mr. Lincoln. Nor had President Johnson up
to that time removed or attempted to remove
the Secretary by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate. On the 1st day of March,
1867, therefore, Mr. Stanton held the office of
Secretary of War by a title as good as that by
which any Secretary has ever held the office
since the organization of the Government, or
ever can hold it in the future—by a title abso
lutely perfect and unquestionable. Grant that
up to that day the act of 1789 did permit Mr.
Johnson to remove Mr. Stanton withuut the
approval of the Senate, yet on the 2d day of
March, 1867, whatever power of removal had
been previously conferred by statute was with-
drawn by statute, whatever had been conferred
by the act of 1789 was withdrawn by the civil-
office tenure act, the provisions of which clearly
take away whatever power may have been by
statute previously granted for the removal of
any civil officer without the advice and consent
of the Senate. After the passage of the civil-
office tenure act of 1867 the President had no
independent power of removal by virtue of any
statute, whether the act of 1789 or any other.
If he claimed any such power after the passage
of the act of 1867 he must have based his claim
upon constitutional, not statutory grounds;
for whatever the statute had given the statute-
had taken away. If the Constituiion had given
or could give any power of removal which the
statute could not take away, the statute cer-
tainly had not given, could not give, any power
which the statute could not also take away.
Unless, then, the Constitution propria vigore
invests the President with the absolute power
of removing civil officers of the United States
he could not have so removed Mr. Stanton after
March 2, 1867, if he had himself nominated
him to the office which he held. I think this
proposition is too clear for doubt or dispute.
Now, how is the case affected by the cir-
cumstance that Mr. Stanton was not nomin-
ated by Mr. Johnson, but was nominated by
Mr. Lincoln? To this circumstance, of course,
is applied the proviso of the first section of the
civil-office tenure act, wherein it is declared
that tli^ Secretary of War shall hold his office
during the term of the President by whom he
was appointed and for one month thereafter.
It is claimed, in the first place, that t,he expres
sion '"term of the President" in this proviso
means the term which he actually holds and
not the term for which he is elected—that in
the case before us it means the term which
President Lincoln actually held and not the
term for which he was elected; and, in the next
place, that after the expiration of the month
so limited the President had the right to re-
move Mr. Stanton at any time. Admitting,
for the sake of argument, that the term meant
in the act is the term actually held by the
President, what legal and constitutional, pow-
ers and rights had President Johnson in the
premises, after the civil-office tenure act became
a law? ]t may possibly be a question when
the month practically ended ; whetherit ended
by retroactive operation of the law, on the loth
day of May, 1865, one month after Mr. Lincoln
died, or on the day when the law took effect,
or at the expiration of one month after the
law went into operation. To this question let
the defenders of the President choose their
own answer. They may assume that this pro-
viso applied to Mr. Stanton and may fix the
end of the term therein designated at either
one of those three dates. How now stands
the case ? The "most that can possibly be
claimed, indeed all that can possibly be claimed,
from this proviso is that upon the day fixed a
vacancy occurred in the office of the Secretary
of War, which could be filled according to law.
The case will be strongest for the President
if the end of the term be fixed at the expiration
of one month from and after the passage of the
act, that is, on April 2, 1867. Up to that time
the President never, in fact, attempted to re-
move or suspend Mr. Stanton, either with or
without the consent of the Senate; up to that
time he was clothed with the complete official
character of Secretary of War. Now, if the
proviso of the act of 1867 applied to his official
term on the 2d day of April, 1867, its effect
was not to enable the President to remove the
incumbent at his pleasure on or after that day,
but to create a vacancy at that time by the mere
operation of the law itself. But for the vacancy
so created Mr. Stanton would have been en-
titled under the clause which precedes the pro-
viso to hold his office until his successor should
have been lawfully appointed, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, just as Post-
master General llandall and Secretary Brown-
ing, who had been nominated by Mr. Johnson,
were entitled to hold theirs. If Mr. Stanton's
office did not fall within the class covered by the
proviso, so as to become vacant at the end of
the month,then itdid fallwithin the class covered
by the first clause of the section, and all statu-
tory power to remove the incumbent was with-
drawn by the act. If the first clause, which
authorized civil officers appointed by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate to hold
their offices until their successors should be ap-
pointed in the same way, was rendered in-
operative in Mr. Stanton's case, by the pro-
viso limiting his term to April 2, 1867, then
the only result was that a vacancy in the
office occurred on that day. The law did not
authorize Mr. Johnson to remove Mr. Stanton,
but did itself remove him and create a vacancy
in the office.
Let it be admitted, then, that on that day a
vacancy arose, and that nothing in the act of
1807 exempted this particular case from the
operation of the act of 1795, authorizing the
President to fill vacancies by ad interim ap-
pointments, or from the operation of the act
of 1789, authorizing the chief clerk, during a
vacancy, to have the charge and custody of
the records, books, and papers of the Depart-
ment. What disposition was it competent for
the President to make of the War Office on
that day? And how did he. in fact, dispose of
it? Four courses were open to him. He could
either put the chief clerk in charge under the
act of 1789; he could make an ad interim, ap-
pointment under the act of 1795; he could
make a full appointment by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, supposing the
Senate to be in session ; or, finally, if the Sen-
ate was not in session, he could make a tem-
porary appointment, to terminate, unless ap-
proved by the Senate, at the end of the next
session of Congress. What course did the
President adopt? He did not put the chief
clerk in charge of the office. He did not nom-
inate to the Senate, nor did he appoint an offi-
cer to hold until the end of the next- session
of Congress. There was only one other lawful |
course open to his choice. That was to make j
an ad interim appointment. Did he make i
such an appointment? Certainly he did not.
But, inasmuch as an a-1 interim, appointment,
under the act of 1795, required no particular
ceremony, for its consummation, 1 have no
doubt that the mere permissive retention of
Mr. Stanton by the President might have been
a substantial compliance with the act. -
And conceding all the premises claimed by
the President's defenders, you can place hia
retention of Mr. Stanton upon no other legal
ground than that of an informal ad interim,
appointment. Precisely the same thing is true
of the cases of Secretaries Seward, Welles,
and McCulloch. But the act of 1795 expressly
and peremptorily provided that no single va-
cancy should be fiiled by ad interim appoint-
ments for more than six months; therefore it
became the duty of the President to nominate
to the Senate, on the 2d of October, 1867, or
as soon thereafter as the Senate should be in
session. If, then, Mr. Stanton's retention is
assumed to have been virtually au ad interim
appointment under the act of 1795, and the
subsequent substitution of General Grant for
the suspended Secretary is also assumed to have
been virtually an ad interim, appointment,
under the same act. yet the six months had
expired before the present session commenced,
and since the first day of this session it has
not been lawful for the President, under any
conceivable construction of any statute, to make
an ad interim appointment. Giving to each
of these statutes any phase of construction
claimed by the President's champions there
has been no day since the first dpy of this ses-
sion when he could lawfully make any ap-
pointment except a full appointment, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate.
Their defense on this ground, be it remem-
bered, would gain no strength from an admis-
sion of the unconstitutionality of that feature
of the civil-office tenure act which prevents
the removal of officers without the advice and
consent of the Senate, for I am now reasoning
upon the admitted ground that a vacancy act-
ually existed in the War Department by virtue
of the law itself. Admitting all their premises,
then, their conclusion does not follow.
The attempted appointment of the Adjutant
General was absolutely without warrant of law,
even though the proviso of the act of 1867 ap-
plies, as the President's friends insist it does
apply, to Mr. Stanton. And if it does apply to
him, then it also applies to Secretaries Seward,
Welles, and McCulloch ; and their offices have
been vacant and their acts void at least since
April 2, 1867. On the other hand, if it does
not apply to him, the power of removal, with-
out the advice and consent of the Senate
granted by the act of 1789, is withdrawn from
the President, so far as his office is concerned,
by the act of 1867.
Of course it cannot be said that it was for
the President to decide, under the act of 1867,
whether a vacancy did or did not occur in Mr.
Stanton's office, or when it occurred. The
law itself did or did not create a vacancy. If
it did not, then all pretext of authority to make
an ad interim, appointment disappears. If it
did, then the vacancy occurred at the time
fixed by the law, which was either on the 15th
day of May, 1805, or on the 2d day of March,
1867, or on the 2d day of April, 1807. Giving
the President his choice in these dates, he was
by the express provision of the act of 1795 for-
bidden to fill any one vacancy by appointment
ad interim for a longer term than six months.
And whether you do or do not regard the re-
tention of Mr. Stanton up to the date of his
suspension, and the subsequent appointment
of General Grant, as virtually ad interim ap-
pointments under the act of 1795, yet the
period of six months fixed by that act began
to run at the very latest on the 2d day of April,
1867, and ended on the second day ot October,
1867. A tier the first day of the present session,
therefore, it was too late for au ad interim
appointment under any possible construction
