1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2799
very offensive and objectionable laws on this
subject. Persons easily get into territorial
Legislatures who are largely interested in pass-
ing such laws as give them a local legal pos-
session of valuable mines; and it is certainly
necessary to do what we can do to make the
general laws which Congress has passed on the
subject, which are just and equal to all, obtain.
The PRESIDENT^?™ tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada to the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin.
Mr. HOWE. Of course, I cannot have the
slightest objection to the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Nevada ; that is to say, I
cannot have the slightest objection to except-
ing from the operation of this provision any
law in the codes of any of the Territories any
portion of which is to be embraced in the Ter-
ritoiy of Wyoming, which this body undertakes
to know is an improper law; and Senators in
whose opinions I have entire confidence say they
do know that the Dakota laws on the subject of
mining are improper. I have no opinion about
that, because I do not know anything about
the laws. If the Senate are content with that
statement, I certainly am.
I want Senators to understand distinctly what
the purpose of my amendment was. It was
simply to guard against leaving the people of
Wjoming without a code after this act shall
take effect. To do that we have to continue
in existence the laws which are in existence
there now or provide a new code, or take this
course and take the existing code with such
exceptions as can be named on the spur of the
moment. That is pretty risky ; but there is
probably no sort of reason in excepting this,
from what Senators about me say. I have no
objection to the amendment of the Senator
from Nevada.
Mr. NYE. I wish to ask my colleague if he
thinks that the word " possession " is exactly
the right word in this amendment? I suppose
if the Territory of Dakota has passed mining
laws, and possession of mineshas been obtained
under them, my colleague does not intend by
this exception to destroy the title or color of
title that the occupant or possessor may have
acquired by law.
Mr. CONNESS. Allow me to answer the
question. The answer to it, 1 will say, is this:
in 1866 Congress passed a law confirming to
the then existing possessors their respective
mining claims according to the local laws and
usages of each mining locality, so that they
would hold under that law of 18S6.
Mr. NYE. That law of 1866, the Senator
from California will remember, was based upon
the local laws, not of Ssates, not of Territories,
but of the local mining districts. " Whether
they have these local laws in this Territory I
am not aware. I should not like to see a man
having possession of a good mine under the
law thrown out of it.
Mr. CONNESS. This will not disturb any-
body.
Mr. NYE. Then I am satisfied.
Mr. STEWART. I will say to my colleague
that, 1 am very confident that this amendment
will not disturb any one in possession. So far
as my experience has gone, every Territory
which has attempted to legislate on this sub-
ject has got into great, confusion. Our own
• State passed a mining law which was on the
statute-book but one year. It was found very
necessary to repeal it, and by common consent
undo everything that had been done under it
during the year. These parties are all pro-
tected m their possession under the general
law of Congress, and we had better have but
one system. I have been in correspondence
with a large number of persons in this region
who state the inconveniences to which this
code of Dakota would subject them. They
do not want the Dakota laws sanctioned by
Congress, and they have made a special request
that in the organizing of this new Territory we
should not give those laws congressional sanc-
tion. They have not given them any local
sanction yet, I believe.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada to the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask now for the reading
of the amendment as amended.
The PRESIDENT^iro tempore. The amend
ment, as amended, will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
And he if further enacted. That this act shall take
effect from and after the time when the executive
and judicial officers herein provided for shall have
been dub'appointed and qualified: Provided, That
all territorial laws in force in any portion of thesaid
Territory of Wyoming at the time this act shall take
effect, shall continue m force until repealed by the
legislative authority of said Territory, except such
laws as relate to the possession or occupation of
mines or mining claims.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting before the word "laws" the
word "general," and after the word "laws"
the words "of the Territory of Dakota," for
this reason: the Territory of Dakota has a
very respectable code of laws at present, and I
believe they are very acceptably administered.
Probably nine tenths of the new Territory is
carved out of the Territory of Dakota, and the
people have been accustomed to and well
acquainted with the laws of the Territory of
Dakota, while the remainder of the new Ter-
ritory is within the present Territory of Utah,
which is governed by a distinct and separate
code of laws, many of which are very peculiar
in their nature and very objectionable. I
would therefore adapt the territorial code of
Dakota to the government of-the new Terri-
tory of Wyoming, so that there shall be really
but one code of laws in the Territory. Other-
wise there will be a conflict between the Utah
laws and the Dakota laws, which is to be
avoided, if possible. I hope that the amend-
ment will be accepted. I also move to amend
the amendment by inserting after the word
"force" the words " throughout the Territory
of Wyoming."
The amendment to the amendment was
adopted.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. YATES. In the third hue of section
sixteen the word "applicable" should be "in-
applicable."
Mr. POMEROY. I noticed that; it is a cler-
ical error. The section should read "not
locally inapplicable."
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. Thatamend-
ment will be made, there being no objection.
Mr. POMEROY. There is a slight amend-
ment necessary in the second section to make the
bill harmonious with the amendment adopted to
the sixth section. The clause beginning in line
ten should read : '' The Governor shall approve
all laws passed by the Legislative Assembly
before they take elfect, unless the same shall i
be passed by a two-thirds vote, as provided in I
section six of this act." My amendment is
after "effect" to insert "unless the same shall
be passed by a two-thirds vote, as provided in
scetion six of this act."
The amendment was agreed to. !
Mr. POMEROY". The Senator from Illi- j
nois will notice that the fourth section of the |
bill, in the twelfth line, provides: "An appor- ]
tionment shall be made as nearly equal as prae- j
ticable." It should be " An apportionment shall j
be made by the Governor," &c. This fiistelec- i
tion is held under an apportionment made by ■
the Governor. All subsequent elections are to j
be held under the law of the Territory. I sup-
pose it would be understood that the Governor
should make the apportionment; but it is usual,
that there may be no doubt about it, to put it
into the bill. So I will move to insert after the
word "made" the words "by the Governor." j
The amendment was agreed to. j
Mr. POMEROY'. In the eleventh section I :
notice that the Governor and secretary may i
be sworn in before a justice of the peace. I
know that has been in other bills, and I will .
not move to amend it; but still if I were writ- 1
nig this bill I would not have a justice of the
peace in a Territory authoiized to swear in the
Governor or secretary. But I will not move
any amendment.
Mr. NYE. If the honorable Senator should
go into a Territory where there was no other
officer within eighty or a hundred miles he
would be glad to swear before anybody.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. POMEROY. But the Governor goes
tothe capital, and a judge of one of the dis-
trict courts ought to be there.
Mr. NYE. He cannot swear himself.
Mr. POMEROY. One of the judges of the
district court is always at the capital, or should
be. I see that this bill provides that the chief
justice and associate justices shall have a sal-
ary of 51,800 a year. I submit whether you
can expect to have any justice administered
by a man who will serve in this Territory for
$1,800 a year. Certainly a salary of §1,800
is inadequate for a judge in this Territory. In
the eleventh section it is provided that the
Governor shall receive a salary of §2,000 per
annum, and $1,000 as superintendent of Indian
affairs. I do not object to that, but then it
goes on to provide that the chief justice and
associate justices shall each have a salary of
$1,800. I submit that if you select a man
from the Territory capable of being chief jus-
tice, and give him only $1,800 a year, you offer
him no inducement. That is no inducement
for a man to go there to fill the position ; and
if you take a man there, it is no inducement
for him to devote himself exclusively to that
office. I desire to have proper men to admin-
ister justice, and I should prefer to have them
taken from the Territory, if suitable persons
can be had there; but 551,800 will not com-
mand their services, and ought not to do so.
If you are to have justice administered at all,
it should be administered by competent men,
and a decent salary should be provided for
them.
Mr. NYE. I think that there was a mistake
in fixing it at that. The intention was to fix
it the same as the salaries of the judges in
Dakota, that is $'2,500 each, and I think that
is as little as they should have. No person
can live properly on $1,800 there. 1 move to
strike out "eighteen" and insert "twenty-
five;" that was the design.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to amend the
bill by striking out so much of section two as
makes the Governor of the Territory superin-
tendent of Indian affairs ex officio. I do not
think that is a system which ought to bo con-
tinued. My amendment is to strike out in the
eighth and ninth lines of the second section the
words, " shall perform the duties and receive
the emoluments of superintendent of Indian
affairs." I simply wish to say that it has been
quite customary to unite the duties of Governor
and superintendent of Indian affairs in the
Territories. So far as I know anything about
it, that has not been promotive of the good of
the public service. I think the system ought
to be abandoned and that the superintendent
of Indian affairs ought to be directly respons-
ible to the proper Department for the discharge'
of bis duties, and ought not to come before
that Department with the dignity of the office
of Governor of a Territory. lie ought to be
held to a strict responsibility, much more strict
than can be secured where the Governor dis-
charges the duties. By him they are discharged
as subordinate duties, and not as his principal
duties.
Mr. YATES. I will state simply that this
is the usual provision made in territorial bills.
These duties have to be performed by some-
body. The Governor is there, well acquainted
with Indian affairs in the Territory, and if he
does not perform these duties, a separate agent
will have to perform them and be sent there
for that purpose. Moreover the salary of the
Governor is only $2,000.
Mr. HENDRICKS. We can change that.
Mr. YATES. I see no good reason wjhy the
Governor may not perform these duties more
