1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
from Wisconsin on the point as to its being wise
evci to have placed so high a tax as two dollars
upon whisky, but there was such a desire to
obtain all the revenue that we needed from
two or tliree articles that I was willing, or
rather consented so far as my vote was con-
cerned, to have the experiment tried, although
I never had any faith that we could collect so
Ijrge a sum. I was in favor of something like
a dollar, not over a dollar, and I should be
better satisfied now if this bill provided for a
tax of a dollar than any other sum. But the
Constitution of the United States places the
main responsibility upon the House of Repre-
sentatives of raising revenue. The committee
of the House labored upon this bill very assid-
uously for over seven months. They received
delegations and testimony from all parts of the
country, and reached the conclusion that it
ought not to be placed at any higher figure
than that fixed in this bill.
I believe with the Senator from Nevada that
it will depend greatly upon the men whom we
have in office as to the amount that will be
collected. But it has been found, as a recent
minister of England has stated, that there, with
the exception of this one article, when the
duties are placed above thirty-five per cent, it
is no object to the Government; tliere will be
such smuggling carried on in England that
they cannot increase the revenue upon many
articles when they raise the duty above thirty-"
five per cent., because the temptation is so
great. In relation to such articles as spirits
tlicy confine their operations within so narrow
a field and make the license system so high
that only a very few can enter upon the busi-
ness, and then they place inspectors all over
the island to ferret Out any illicit distillation.
Therefore they are able to collect nearly all
the amount, that they levy upon this article.
But take it upon the continent: it is not so
much that they are in favor of lower duties
upon the continent than we are. They would
levy higher rates of duty but for the impossi-
bility of collecting them. They need the reve-
nue. Take for instance Austria. She is bank-
rupt at this moment, and would be very glad
to raise a larger sum of revenue. But where
the boundary lines are as they are in Europe,
sometimes countries not even separated by a
river, merely an imaginary boundary line, it
is impossible to collect revenue from a high
tax, there will be so much smuggling going on.
I think that our experience has demonstrated
that a tax of two dollars affoids too large a
temptation for poor human nature either in
this country or in any other. We are not
worse here than they are in other countries,
except, perhaps, in the personnel of our office
holders at the present moment. I hope that
there can be some improvement there. 1 do
not think that we ought to be subjected to the
reproach of a surrender to the whisky ring. I
do not believe any such thing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to theamendmentproposed
by the Senator from California to the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CONNESS. I have only to call the
attention of the Senate to the amendment, and
to hope that it will be adopted. I think it is
a concession that ought to be made to us.
Mr. DAVIS. I will inquire what proposi-
tion is before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be reported by the Clerk.
The Chief Clerk. In Committee of the
Whole the following proviso was inserted at the
end of the hrst section:
Provided, Thatthetaxon brandymadefromgrapes
shall be the same and no higher than that upon other
distilled spirits.
On the question to concur with the Senate in
that amendment, it is proposed to amend the
amendment by striking out the words " the
same and no higher than that," and inserting
the words " one half of the tax so that the
proviso will read :
Provided, That the tax on brandy made from grapes
shall be one half the tax upon other distilled spirits.
Mr. DAVIS. That is an amendment to an
amendment ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir,
and upon this question the yeas and nays have
been demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckatew, Cole, Conness, Corbett,
Davis, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, McCreery,
Morton, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Stewart, Sumner, Van
Winkle, Williams, and Wilson—17.
NAYS —Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Chandler,
Conkhng, CraKin. Drsike, Edmunds. Ferry, Fessen-
den, Harlan, Howe, McDonald, Morgan. Morrill of
Vermont, Ross, Sherman, Vickers, und Yates—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cattell, Dixon, Doo-
little. Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Johnson,
Morrill of Maine, Norton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson
of New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Rice,
Saulsbury, Sprague, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Wade,
Welch, and \Villey—23.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment made in com-
mittee.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend that amend-
ment by adopting the words of the amendment
offered by the Senator from California with
these additional words, after theword "grapes,"
" or any other fruit."
The Ciiief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the amendment so that the proviso will read:
Provided, Thatthctax on brandy made fromgrapes
or any other fruit shall be one half the tax upon
other distilled spirits.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know that it is
neceessary to debate this proposition, but I
will state that if it is adopted but little, if any
more whisky will be made. There are enough
apples and peaches in this country to make a
reasonable supply of brandy. It would be bet-
ter at once to reduce the tax to twenty-five cents.
The only difference is that brandy is the distil-
lation of fruit and whisky is the distillation of
grain ; and if brandy can be made from apples
and peaches at a tax of twenty-live cents a gal-
lon, while whisky is made at a tax of sixty cents
a gallon, all the spirits, or the great body, will
be made from grain. We do not get much rev-
enue from grape brandy, as the Senator from
California says. It is not yet an important in-
terest as it will be ; but we get $850,000 from
brandies made from fruits. As a matter of
course this proposition is a substantial abolition
of this enormous revenue. The apple orchards
of Pennsylvania, Ohio, and Indiana, and all
the other States will furnish apple brandy
enough, I think, to keep everybody drunk who
wants to be drunk, a1/ a tax of twenty-five cents.
This is a much more important proposition
than the proposition of the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
Mr. CAMERON. I was about to say to the
chairman of the Committee on Finance that
under this proposition the frauds would be
much more extensive than even he has ima-
gined, because the flavor of brandy can be given
to any spirits. There is no difficulty with the
present knowledge and experience in chemistry
in giving the taste of brandy to spirits made
from oats or rye or corn or any other prod-
uct. It is just as easy to call it brandy, color
it a little, and give it a little different flavor,
as it is to call it whisky. This would only be
introducing another mode of defrauding the
revenue. Why, sir, there can be apples enough
raised in the northern part of New York and
in the State of Michigan particularly—the best
apple region now in the world—to make all
the spirits that can be consumed in the whole
country. It is most surpiising to see the
amount of apples raised in the little peninsula
in Michigan between the two great lakes.
The argument against this proposition, to
my mind, is that it will give another oppor-
tunity for fraud. The original proposition was
wrong, because there is no more reason why
you should give a bounty to the making of
brandy from grapes than there is for giving a
bounty to the making of whisky from rye or
corn or potatoes or anything else. I am
surprised that a gentleman so liberal as the
Senator from California always is should ex-
pect us to vote such injustice to the other States
m favor of the Pacific slope. That is the great
word now. We used to talk of the West when-
ever anything extraordinary was to be done;
but now it has got to be the "Pacific slope."
From this time out we shall be legislating in
favor of that slope. It is a great country, and
every yearit is getting to be greater ; but there
is no more reason why the wiue-growers of
the Pacific should have a bounty for its prod-
uct than there is for giving one to the man who
tills the soil in the valleys of Pennsylvania and
who raises the corn there; nor, indeed, is there
a bit more reason why he should have an
opportunity of doing wrong there than there
is that the man in the city of New York who
is defrauding the revenue every day, seeking
every opportunity he can to do it, should have
such an opportunity. I do not charge the
constituents of my friend from California with
ever attempting to do wrong; but here will be
a new temptation again.
The Senator from Nevada supported this
bill on the ground that the present tax was
giving too great a temptation to defraud the
revenue. 1 think the whole thing is wrong.
We ought to adhere to the tax which we have
put upon distilled spirits, and make no excep-
tion of one product against another.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, if that
were the rule in the United States, you would
hear one wail from Pennsylvania that would
reach the Pacific slope. Every coal miner and
the owner of a coal mine would cry out aloud ;
every iron miner and manufacturer of iron
would join in the cry; and every politician in
Pennsylvania would help them, as they always
have. There is no State in the Union that has
been so nursed, fondled, caressed, kept en-
riched, as the State my honorable friend so
ably represents. I do not complain about that.
I had a hand in helping him ; but it is rather
an ungrateful thing in him to turn upon us in
our child-life and deny to us what he has ex-
perienced and what we have helped to give. I
think a little sober reflection on the part of
my junior friend from Pennsylvania ought to
satisfy him of what a bad speech he has made.
Mr. CAMERON. It is true that my aged
friend from California, as he will admit, is
always zealous in what he believes to be right,
but especially when that belief takes him to
his great State of California. I am willing to
admit everything that can be said in favor of
its greatness and of its disinterestedness. It
has never had anything to bolster itself up at
all. The country has done nothing for Cali-
fornia, and I am surprised they have asked so
little. They have only been in the Union for
about fifteen years, and I think they have had
every year about as many millions to help them
along as they have asked for ; and therefore it
is that I am surprised they have not asked for
more, for children are very apt to be spoiled
by kindly and tender treatment.
Now, Mr. President, as to Pennsylvania, she
is what she is. She comes here to beg for
nothing. She does not ask you to do for her
what you are not glad to do for yourselves.
Her coal mines have had no protection. They
have taken care of themselves. You have
protected her iron ; butitwasbecause in times
past you could get iron of no place else but
Pennsylvania. She was necessary to your
safety in peace and your protection in war,
and every time she came up and did her duly
nobly, without complaining and without boast-
ing of her merits.
Why, sir, she does not now want any reduc-
tion of this whisky tax. She only asks you to
leave it as you have put it. She is unwilling
that you should at once give a premium to
these swindlers on the $50,000,000 of rev-
enue which you have now in your control,
and which you may collect to-morrow if you
will on the whisky in the bonded warehouses.
We hear a clamor in different quarters to re-
lease that tax, and I am afraid my friend, the
Senator from California, is willing to go with
them. Brave and bold man as he is, I am
surprised that he listens to this clamor of the
