1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1775
& Whitaker and others, dealers and manufac-
turers of cigars in tlie State of Kentucky,
against the proposed bill to affix stamps upon
cigars.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of Ruth
Barton, widow of the late Albert G. W. Bar-
ton, of Philadelphia, for a pension.
By Mr. KELSEY: The petition of A. D.
Harrell, lieutenant in the United States
Navy, to be restored to the active list.
By Mr. LINCOLN: A memorial of Horace
L. Emery.
By Mr. LOGAN: The petition of Mrs.
"Timothy Webster, for a pension, her husband
having been hung as a spy, by order of Jeff.
Davis, on the 80th of April, 1802, while in the
service of the United States.
Also, the petition of Colonel S. Gregg, of
Little Rock, Arkansas, to be restored to his
political rights.
Also, the petition of William M. Wither-
spoon, of Montgomery county, Illinois, for
pension, having lost his right arm while acting
under orders of the provost marshal, in the
attempt to arrest Clingtnan and his men, who
were resisting the enforcement of the draft in
1864.
Als&, the petition of James M. Swales, of
Jacksonville, Illinois, for pay due as second
lieutenant of company A, tenth Illinois, the
same having been received by reason of his
having been a prisoner of war and was not
mustered into the service as such officer.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The petition of Thomas
H. Dickson, lately an acting assistant pay-
master ia the United States Navy, indorsed
by Messrs. E. A. Souder & Co., William B.
Thomas, Alexander G. Cattell & Co., and ex-
Governor James Pollock, asking that he may
be refunded a certain amount of money paid
by him upon the settlement of his account. _
By Mr. PETERS: The petition of the city
council of the city ol Bangor, Maine, for an
appropriation to remove obstructions in Pen-
obscott, river.
By Mr. RAUM: The petition of William
II. Whitaker and 110 others, praying for the
establishment of a post route from Dongola,
Illinois, to Thebes, Illinois.
By Mr. SAWYER: A memorial of A.
Haight and others, of Oshkosh, Wisconsin,
praying for a reduction of the Army and
Navy, and for a general reduction of internal
taxation.
By Mr. SPALDING: A memorial of man-
ufacturers of cigars in the eighteenth congres-
sional district of Ohio, on the subjeciof a stamp
tax on cigars.
Also, a remonstrance of George W. Thomas
and numerous others, citizens of Cleveland,
Ohio, against the sale of the revenue cutters
now on the lakes.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of J. B. Mil-
lard and 46 others, of St. J osep h county, Mich-
igan, praying Congress for a reduction of ex-
penditures and taxation.
By Mr. WOODWARD: The petition of
Joseph II. Scranton and others, citizens of
Pennsylvania, for the repeal of all laws estab-
lishing" bonded warehouses.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 10, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, and
by unanimous consent, the rending of the
Journal of yesterday was dispensed with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Ml- MORGAN presented a memorial of
manufacturers and dealers in paper of the city
of New York, remonstrating against the pas-
sage of an international copyright law; which
was referred to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. DIXON presented a memorial of jour-
neymen cigar-makers and cigar manufactu-
rers, remonstrating against the passage of the
bill which requires a stamp to be affixed to each
cigar, and praying the imposition of a tax of
five dollars per thousand on domestic cigars,
and that the present tariff on imported cigars
may remain unchanged; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of honorably
discharged officers of the late army to suppress
the rebellion, protesting against the passage of
the bill prohibiting the payment of the com-
mutation of pay for officers' servants, from
May 1, 1864, to March 3, 1865; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia. •
Mr. STEWART presented a memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Nevada, asking the
reimbursement to the State ot moneys ex-
pended for the United States previous to the
admission of Nevada into the Union as a State,
and for moneys advanced to soldiers of the
United States, together with official state-
ments of the moneys so advanced ; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a report of the com-
missioners appointed by the State of Nevada
to examine certain claims for Indiau depreda-
tions; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of Char-
lotte M. Dickenson, widow of Manco C. Dick-
enson, late a clerk in the United States Navy,
praying for a pension ; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. NYE presented a memorial of Abraham.
D. Harroll, a captain in the Navy on the re-
tired list, praying to be restored to his position
on the active list; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs. i .
Mr. WILLIAMS presented a petition of citi-
zens of Bois6 City, Idaho Territory, praying
the passage of an act to allow them to enter or
purchase the land upon which they have erected
valuable improvements ; which was relerred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of
journeyman cigar-makers and manufacturers
of cigars, remonstrating against the passage of
the bill which provides that a stamp be affixed
to each cigar, and praying that a tax of live
dollars per thousand be imposed on domestic
cigars, and that the tariff on imported cigars
mav remain unchanged; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 have received and
been requested to present to the Senate a me-
morial from the executive committee of the
Colonization Society. This memorial sets out
that Liberia since 1847 has been an independ-
ent nation upon the western coast ot Airica,
settled chieily by emigrants from this country,
who modeled their form of government alter
that of the United States; that there is consid-
erable commerce already between the United
Stales and the republic of Liberia, which is
increasing, and may hereafter become very val-
uable to this country. The memorial further
states that some of the nations of Europe have
taken an interest in this republic : that, the
British Government has aided it materially,
and also the French Government, while the
United States has done nothing in the way of
material aid for it. .
'Phe memorial sets forth at considerable
length the influence that is being exerted upon
Africa by this settlement of civilized and Chris-
tian people upon that continent, and that the
advantages to accrue from it may be very great
in the future. It states that in consequence of
there being no intercourse between the United
States and that country it is necessary to send
our mails by way of Liverpool; that there is a
communication semi-monthly between Liver-
pool and Liberia, while there is no direct com-
munication between the United States and that
country. .
The Colonization Society, whom this execu-
tive committee represent, have, since October,
I860, sent to that country some twelve hun-
dred emigrants, who have voluntarily sought
it as their permanent home; and the memo-
rial states that there are at this time three
thousand persons, chiefly Christian families,
and mostly from the State of North Carolina,
who desire to emigrate to - that country ; that
the society is without the necessary means to
take them there, having exhausted all their
means in the removal of some twelve hundred
within the last year or two. _ - -
The object of the memorial is to ask Con-
gress to establish a line of steamers between
this country and Liberia, to run as often -as
once a month; and they undertake on the past
of the Colonization Society, in case Congress
should think proper to favor this project by Ml
annual appropriation of $100,000, to establish
this line of steamers, which shall carry the
mails. Then they ask further that the Gov-
ernment should appropriate a sum not exceed-
ing $100 for each emigrant who shall desire to
go to that country, undertaking on their part
to defray all the expenses by the way, and to
see that the emigrants are settled and provided
for when they reach Liberia. The memorial
sets out the advantages to grow out of this re-
public upon the western coast of Africa, and
asks the aid of the Government in the enter-
prise which the Colonization Society are en-
gaged in carrying out. As the object is two-
fold—one asking the aid of the' Government to
establish a line of steamers, and the other an
appropriation in money to defray part of the
expenses offc removing such persons as desire
to go to a country where they think their con-
dition will be better, and where they may be
of service in the civilization of the land from
whence their ancestors came—I am at a loss
to know to what committee it should most ap-
propriately go; but upon the whole, I believe
the Committee on Finance would be the most
appropriate committee. I move its reference
to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
I'AI'ERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That Emily IIooo have leave to withdraw
her petition and papers from the files of tho Senate.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 432)
to incorporate the Lloyd Patent Car-Heating
and Ventilating Company; which was read twice
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
REPORTS OT COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the message
ot the President of the United States, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution ol the
Senate of the 21st of February, information m
I relation to the abduction of one Allen Macdon-
ald from the township of Moore, in Canada,
have directed me to report the same back to the
Senate with a recommedation that it be printed
and recommitted to the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made unless there bo objection. No
objection being made, it is entered.^ ^
Air. THAYER, from the Committee oil Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of Moses F. Shinn, praying that a pat-
ent may bo issued to him for the northeast
quarter of section sixteen, township_ fifteen
north, range thirteen cast, Omaha district, Ne-
braska, asked to lie discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittec on Public Lands ; which was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom was referred
the bill (H. 11. No. 832) making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department
during the fiscal year ending June 30, lbG9,
reported it with an amendment.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVAL,
A. mosso.gc from the President of th© Tj mfced
States, by Mr. William G. Moore, his Secre-
tary, announced that the President of the United
States had this day approved and signed the
bill (S. No. 270) for the temporary relief of
destitute people of the District in Columbia.
ADMISSION TO IMPEACHMENT TRIAL.
Mr. HOWARD. The select Committee of
the Senate on tlie subject of impeachment, to
