2800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
June 3,
satisfactorily than an agent appointed here at
Washington.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The simple reason is
that the Governor is appointed uuder the De-
partment of State and is responsible to and
reports to the Department of State ; the super-
intendent of Indian affairs reports to the Sec-
retary of the Interior, and it has been found
practically that the Governor of a Territory
who reports to the Secretary of State, and
holds, so to speak, his office under him, does
not properly report to the Secretary of the
Interior, and that Department finds it some-
times next to impossible to get any report at
£tll from some of these Governors who are
superintendents of Indian affairs. That is the
practical working of it.
Mr. RAMSEY. The practice in all the
earlier territorial organizations was to confer
this additional duty upon the Governor, whose
civil duties are very light. He has scarcely
anything to do. He enters upon his duties as
Governor of the Territory, and the Legislature
is not convened until months after. In the
meantime he has nothing to do but to wait for
the territorial Legislature. When they meet
the session is a short one, and when he has
signed the bills and the Legislature have ad-
journed there is nothing further for him to do
forsome time. Hence we have wisely imposed
on him the additional duties of superintendent
of Indian affairs, which he can very well per-
form. There is no difficulty in his reporting
to the Secretary of the Interior. There has
not been usually much difficulty in that respect.
The Governors of the Territories have attended
to their duties as superintendents of Indian
affairs as well as to their civil duties. The
civil duties of the Governor of a Territory are
very light, and almost his whole time is taken
up in attending to Indian affairs in the western
Territories.
_ Mr. HENDRICKS. I will add but a word,
sir. The Governor of a Territory, as is known
to Senators, is appointed almost altogether
from political considerations. The office itself
is political in its character, and there can be
no objection to the appointment of a man
because of political considerations, as we now
understand these matters. He goes to the
Territory expecting that appointment of Gov-
ernor of the Territory to be a stepping-stone
either to the House of Representatives or to
the Senate. He administers his office with a
view to that. I speak of it practically as it is,
and as it is known to Senators. I say that the
administration of Indian affairs ought not to
come under such an influence. I think I know
of some instances in which the Indians have
been sacrificed in bloody cruelty to gratify what
was supposed to be a popular demand. I
want to see the Indians placed under a man
who is responsible for nothing except the care
that is to betaken of them, lwuut somebody
appointed who stands between the Indians and
the white people. The Governor depends for
his future political promotion upon the white
people. He is a candidate for Congress from
the day he goes there, is a candidate for the
Senate from the day he goes there, and the
•Indian becomes the sacrifice of his ambition.
I do not want to see it continued, sir. I want
to see some man have charge of the Indians
who has nothing to look after except the inter-
ests of the Indians and the conflicts between
the two races. I think this amendment ought
to be adopted.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President, the super-
intendent of Indian affairs is but a supervising
officer. The immediate charge of the Indians
is with the agents scattered over the Territory.
Almost every superintendent, whether he is a
Governor or otherwise, has two, three, four, 01-
half a dozen agents under his care. He super-
vises what they do ; but the immediate charge
of the Indians is with the agents, not with the
superintendent.
Again, why would not a superintendent of
Indian affairs, if he was such alone and not
also Governor, be actuated by the same motives
of ambition as a Governor?
Mr. HENDRICKS. That does not seem to
have been the fact practically.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, I shall pup-
port this amendment. I have had some little
experience in watching the workings of Indian
affairs where the Governor has been the super-
intendent. I believe the duties of the two
positions are incompatible. I think that where
a man is superintendent of Indian affairs, he
ought to devote his whole time to that busi-
ness, and he ought to be a suitable man for
that special task. A man may be a suitable
man for Governor of a Territory, and yet
entirely unsuitable to be superintendent of
Indian affairs. I would vote to-day to separate
these offices in all the Territories we have.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. HENDRICKS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. STEWART. I shall vote for this amend-
ment, and I will state in afew words the reason
why. I do not approve of the Indian system
at all, and I hope that, as the Senator from
Indiana has suggested, we shall have the Indians
put in charge of men not looking for political
places and disconnected with politics. I want
the Indians removed from politics if possible,
and I hope the Senator will cooperate with me
at some future day in turning them over to the
War Department. I do not want a large army
in the Indian country, because if the army is
there for any purpose it is.to fight the Indians,
and in that service they never accomplish any-
thing but they cost a great deal of money.
There is no necessity for an army in the Indian
country in my estimation ; but if you have a
few Army officers who are honest and just men
they will manage the Indian service economic-
ally and justly, and if they waut any fighting
done with the Indians they can call out volun-
teers for twenty, thirty, or sixty days as may
be required, and. whip the Indians at once, and
save you the expense of keeping up a large
army there that accomplishes 110 good. These
same army officers can stand between the whites
and the Indians, and see that justice is done
to both. If we can have a system of that
kind, and have men not connected with pol-
itics or with making money out of these trans-
actions, in charge of the Indians, I think there
will be no difficulty in managing the Indians.
I will not now go into that question at length,
but I do not wish to see the Governor of the
Territory mixed up with Indian affairs, and I
shall vote for the amendment of the Senator
from Indiana, because I want to remove the
Indians, as far as I can, from politics; but I
do not think you have made the requisite change
when you have simply separated the Indian
superintendency from the office of Governor
of the Territory. I think you will have to go
still further if you are to have a disinterested
and fair administration of the system. I think
the present system is a failure, costing from
fifteen to thirty millions a year, and the results
achieved could, under a proper system, be cer-
tainly accomplished with a great deal better
satisfaction both to the Indians and to the
whites for one tenth of the amount. Other
countries get along with their Indians.
Great Britain right on our North has a sys-
tem simple and effective. She employs no
large army to look after the Indians, 110 horde
of Indian agents to manage them, but controls
at a very small expenditure, savage Indians
who are a great deal worse than those we have.
When the Kern river mines were discovered
in British territory there was a very large
emigration from our country: thousands of
Californians went up there ; and when those
who had been accustomed to our Indian system
went there and compared it with theirs and
came back, they told our people that the Brit-
ish knew how to manage Indians and we did
not. They said it was done by a few military
men who enforced the laws of justice both
against the Indians and against the whites.
Y011 do not want a large army in the Indian
couuty to be supplied at great expense. It is
entirely useless for any practical purpose. If
you have any fighting to do with Indians you
can get an army of volunteers iu ten days or .
one day almost, sufficient for your purpose,
and you can discharge them as soon as you
are done with them, and they will do your
fighting while you want fighting done; but you
want the very best army officers, the most dis-
creet men you have, to take charge of Indian
affairs and see that justice is done between the
Indians and the whites.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, in answer
to the position taken by my colleague, I would
suggest one or two views that have not been
expressed by other Senators, in favor of the
proposition to confer the management oflndian
Affairs in the Territory 011 the Go vernor of the
Territory. He is more directly interested in
the country, and in the peace of the Territory,
than any traveling or foreign Indian superin-
tendent or agent can be. So far as my knowl-
edge of the management of Indian affairs
goes, persons procure appointments as super-
intendents and Indian agents for the pur-
pose of making fortunes out of them, and I
believe generally succeed. The Governor of the
Territory, whether he be appointed on acount
of politics or not, ought to be a man of some
character, and if, as my colleague suggests, he
expects to rise to political power from that
Territory, he is interested in the preservation
of its peace above all other considerations,
that emigration may go there, and that the
country may grow up and prosper. He has
also some character, which a great many Indian
agents and superintendents have not, or which
they care nothing about, as they simply expect
to make money out of it. It seems to me that
there are reasons wdiy there would be an ad-
vantagein conferring thispowerupon the Gov-
ernor of the Territory. He is interested in
the country, in its growth, and this can only
be promoted by the peace of the Territory, and
the proper and wholesome management of the
Indians.
Mr. President, the present system of Indian
management I regard as a bloody failure and'
a costly failure. I believe that it would be
better to turn the whole concern over to the
Army than to maintain the present system ;
but I believe I could name among my acquaint-
ances iu the Society of Friends, commonly
called Quakers, ten men who could more suc-
cessfully manage the Indians, if the power was
given to them than the Army. They are the
only body of men that ever did manage the
Indians without bloodshed and without diffi-
culty and effort. I believe that now a com-
mission could be selected from that Society
that could convert war into peace, men who
would do' justly by the Indians and by the
Government. But that, perhaps, cannot be
accomplished. It seems to me—and the ex-
perience of some of our States, I think, cor-
roborates it—that there are sound reasons for
putting the management of Indian affairs into
the hands of men living m tht Territory who
have an interest iu its peace and in its growth
and prosperity, and who are not professional
Indian managers and do not go there simplv
for the purpose of making fortunes out of the
Indians.
Mr. COLE. I do not feel like letting the
remarks of the Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Stewakv] go forth wilhout some dissent. I
do not believe that either economy or humanity
requites that the Indians should be turned over
to the military deparrment; on the contrary,
I believe that it wouid be by far the most ex-
pensive disposition that could be made of these
wards of the nation. The Indians iu Arizona
are costing us per year, under Armv manage-
ment, much more than the whole Indian service
is costing us ; and they are doing but little,
nothing, so far as 1 know, iu the way of im-
proving the condition of those Indians. We
have, moreover, a slight example of the man-
agement of Indians by the War Department
in the Bosque Uedondo case. We have another
example of it in the Chivington massacre. I
i am very much opposed, so far as at present
