2T6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
Ho. of Reps.
Impeachment—Mr.' Driggs.
40th Con«....2d Sess.
of the law or Constitution. It results from this
reasoning that the appointment of General
Thomas was a violation of the Constitution.
It will not help the case on this point to say or
show, that the President has, under the Con-
stitution, a right to remove the Secretary of
War at his pleasure without the advice or
consent of the Senate. Grant all that; the
right to appoint is quite another thing. The
Constitution does not vest that power in the
President. If it be construed to authorize
Congress so to vest that power, and if, at the
same time, it be assumed that the act of 1795
did so vest it as to ad interim appointments,
still the period to be covered by such appoint-
ment was limited to six months, and that
period had expired long before the appoint-
ment of General Thomas.
For precisely the same reason it is of no avail
to show that the feature of the act of 1807, which
requires the advice and consent of the Senate
in cases of removal, is unconstitutional. And
for the same reason, also, is it of no avail to
show that the act of 1789 expressly authorized
the removal of the Secretary of War.
Admitting, then, all ofthe premises claimed
by the President's defenders; admitting that
the President has, under the Constitution, ab-
solute power of removal, that the act of 1789
expressly authorized him to remove the Sec-
retary of War, and that the civil-office tenure
act, of its own force, created a vacancy in that
office, and permitting the President to select,
at liispleasure, either one ofthe three possible
dates of the occurrence of such vacancy ; ad-
mitting, also, that, by the act of 1795, the Pres-
ident was authorized to supply such vacancy
for six months, by ad interim appointment;
admitting all this, we still find the President
without justification for the appointment of
Lorenzo Thomas as ad interim Secretary of
War.
Impeachment.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN F. DRIGGS,
OF MICHIGAN,
In tiie House or Representatives,
March 2, 18G8,
On the articles of impeachment reported from the
committee.
Mr. DRIGGS. Mr. Chairman, in rising to
discuss the subject before the House, I am im-
pressed with the knowledge that it is useless
to attempt to say much without going over, to
some extent at leftst, the same ground occu-
pied by those who have preceded me. For the
first time since the organization of the Gov-
ernment wc are considering charges against
the Chief Magistrate of the nation, who is
now arraigned before the Senate, the whole
people of the United States and of the world,
for high crimes and misdemeanors, and hav-
ing prepared these grave charges against An-
drew Johnson before such an august tribunal,
it is'incumbent upon those instigating the same
to make good their promise to sustain these
accusations.
Sir, a man's neighbors, those who are fa-
miliar with the character of a man, whether
he be a private or public citizen, scarce ever
make mistakes in estimating his moral worth
and standing. If he is a good citizen and
neighbor, a sober man, industrious, honest, and
truthful; if he obeys the laws, both of God
and man, it will be known and acknowledged,
and no one will commit errors in forming a
judgment of his character. On the other
hand, if he be idle, vicious, dishonest, untruth-
ful, quarrelsome, self-willed, intemperate, a
known violator of the laws of God and of his
country, disguise these qualities as he may, his
character will be known and a proper estimate
given of such a man everywhere. No matter,
sir, if he shall be clothed in the robes of piety
ana shielded bv the garb of i-eligion ; no mat-
ter though he may offer long prayers in the
sanctuary and make oft-repeated professions
of pure motives and good intentions, he can-
not long deceive the world as to his real char-
acter.
Mr. Chairman, the history of crime and of
its perpetrators shows that some of the most
notorious criminals and felons in ail times past,
and especially political offenders, have been
more conspicuous and celebrated for their skill
and cunning in covering overtheir motives and
the evidence of their guilt than for the very
crimes themselves. The history of Greece, of
Rome, Carthage, France, and even that of this
country, proves this fact. When the Trojan
horse disgorged its armed soldiers within the
secure and impregnable walls of Troy, ana by
treachery and professions of friendship this
monster gained a position in the citadel of that
confiding city, Troy fell. Other nations have
had similar experiences.
Mr. Chairman, I have shown that political
crimes are Conceived and carried into execu-
tion almost always under extreme professions
of patriotism, love for the people, and venera-
tion for law, the very letter and spirit of which
are cunningly violated and rendered inoperative
by every act that can be devised, till, by slow
degrees, veneration for law is gone and with it
the liberties of the people. What is the history
of the great political offender who now stands
charged with high crimes and .misdemeanors
and with attempting to corrupt the officers of
the Army, to destroy the citadel of this great
and free republic'? Why, sir, it is the same as
that of many others who have gone before him.
But, more fortunate for the safety of our lib-
erties, in his maddened zeal to accomplish his
evil designs, he has at last openly and without
disguise violated and set at defiance the laws
and law-making power of the land. More for-
tunate for our liberties, because had he con-
tinued, as in times past, to artfully embarrass
and prevent the execution of law by continuing
to submit to the treasonable advice and more
able judgment of his friends, he might have
brought ruin to the cause of liberty and justice,
and possibly have escaped the punishment due
to bis crimes. But, not content with the pro-
gress made, he attempted a little too soon to
declare himself superior to and above the law.
And more fortunate still, our fathers who or-
ganized this Government and gave us the Con-
stitution as a guide gave us also a power in the
land higher than the one-man power accident-
ally and unfortunately, and, God be praised,
temporarily, held by Andrew Johnson. That
power, sir, was given to the people's repre-
sentatives, the Congress of the United States.
It is their mission to defend the liberties of the
people, and that high and holy duty they will
perform without regard to the threats of rebels
or their allies.
Sir, it is not given to man to read the thoughts
of the human heart. He may only judge of
men's motives and wicked designs by their acts.
Judging by this rule, and taking as my guide
the whole course of Andrew Johnson since the
murder of Abraham Lincoln, I cannot doubt
that Andrew Johnson was as guilty of moral
and political treason before he had thrown him-
self openly in the face of law by the attempted
removal of Mr. Stanton as he is to-day by the
commission of that act. Sir, 1 believe he is
guilty, and that he ought to and will be re-
moved not only for the violation of the tenure-
of-officelaw, but, as Commander-in-Chief ofthe
Army, in attempting to corrupt inferior officers,
and thus violating military law. Not only this ;
but for violating the plain letter of the Constitu-
tion which he had sworn to protect.
Sir, Andrew Johnson is to this nation what
the Trojan horse was to Troy—he is all fair
without while within is concealed instruments
of death to the liberties of the people.
I earnestly trust that the great fntud has been
discovered in time to save this nation from the
wicked designs of its enemies, and to this end 1
I hope he may have a fair trial and a speedy
exit from the high station he fills, that his ex-
ample may deter others for all time from a sim-
ilar fate, and that peace, confidence, a,nd pros-
perity may again be restored to our distracted
country.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. GARRETT DAVIS,
OF KENTUCKY,
Is the United States Senate,
February 11 and 20, 18G8.
The Senate having under consideration the bill
(II. R. No. 439) additional and supplementary to an
act entitled "An act to provide for the more efficient
government of the rebel States," passed March 2,
1807, and to the acts bapplementary thereto—
Mr. DAVIS said :
Mr. President: I am very deeply impressed
with the importance of the pending bill and the
measures to which it is supplemental; and a
consciousness of my inability to examine and
dissect them as they should be is a source of
real grief. I am, however, sustained by this
reflection : that in opposing congressional re-
construction I am wholly free from party preju-
dice or party predilection. In attempting an
humble part in the exposition of measures of
such transcendent interest I am happy to be
free of such unworthy influences.
Without intending to be egotistical I an-
nounce that I ain an old Whig. I learned my
politics in the school of the great statesman,
Mr. Clay, and I still adhere to his teachings,
to his interpretation of the Constitution, which
he deduced from the instrument itself, illus-
trated by the Federalist, and which is made all
luminous by the subsequent writings of Mr.
Madison, recently published. When I was
proximating manhood the trouble incident to
the admission of Missouri as a State into the
Union sprung up, and was composed by the
celebrated compromise which has ever since
borne that name. The paternity of that meas-
ure has been generally attributed to Mr. Clay.
Its author was Senator Thomas, of Illinois;
but it was the matchless powers of .Mr. Clay
that procured its adoption.
miscellaneous remarks.
I believe that Congress had no power to
impose its conditions, but had I been an actor
in that important transaction, the same stress
that controlled the great and patriotic spirit of
my leader would doubtless have borne me along.
That compromise averted a threatened dissolu-
tion of the Union at that early day of our na-
tional existence, allayed the strife of sections
and discordant institutions, and gave to the
whole country peace and repose for the third
of a century. The repeal of that compromise,
if not a crime, was a great political blunder,
and has been the fruitful mother of all the
great political ills that have since afflicted the
people of the United States. Though but a
private citizen, I was open in my opposition to
its repeal or disturbance ; and not only to the
Kansas-Nebraska bill, but also to the Lecomp-
ton constitution. No power can legitimately
make the constitution and the government of a
State but its own people, audi could not doubt
that that constitution was not made by the peo-
ple of Kansas, but by a small fraction who
attempted to foist it upon the great mass of her
protesting people. 1 also opposed the seces-
sion ofthe southern States, both on principle
and policy. I believed it to be not only with-
out any authority of the Constitution, but
simply revolution attempted to be disguised by
another name, and I never doubted that it
would produce a great civil war and all its
concomitants ; but. of the terrible extent, char-
acter, and consequences I had not approxi-
mated a foreshadow. The people of the south-
ern States had had long and great cause of
complaint of many of the free States aud their
