1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3825
my opposition to this amendment of the com-
mittee.
It appears to me that there is no use in the
meters and measures which will cost the dis-
tillers a thousand or twelve hundred dollars
apiece if you are to put a specific tax of $1 50
a bushel upon the corn that is to be converted
into whisky. The adoption of this amendment
will be, in effect, a tax of eighty or ninety cents
a gallon on good whisky, whereas it will reduce
the tax on mean whieky to about thirty-five or
forty cents. I state here before the Senate
that three gallons of good copper distilled
whisky cannot be made from one bushel of
corn. After you have gone on and adopted
your meters and your measures, and compelled
every distiller in the United States at ail ex-
pense of one thousand or twelve hundred dol-
lars to adopt those meters, why, then, do you
say you will tax corn $1 50 a bushel if con-
verted into whisky ? Sir, it is a premium on
mean whisky and a severe tax on good whisky.
More than six or eight quarts of good copper
distilled whisky cannot be made from one
bushel of corn ; but if you let the worm run
until it gets to high wines and low wines, you
may then make four or five gallons of whisky
to the bushel. I hold that it is a fraud upon
the country. Ail the whisky used for medical
purposes in the United States will then be
taxed from eighty to ninety cents per gallon,
and the mean whisky, four or five gallons of
which may be made from a single bushel of
corn, will be taxed from thiity-five to forty
cents a gallon.
I call upon the Senate to look at this measure
and tell me why it is necessary to have your
meters showing the precise number of gallons
manufactured, and then say that a tax shall
be imposed of $1 50 on every bushel of corn
manufactured into whisky? Every gallon of
whisky manufactured for medical purposes, for
the purposes of health, will be subjected under
the provisions of this law to a tax of eighty or
ninety cents; whereas the mean whisky, the
rifle whisky, which is said to kill at forty yards,
may be manufactured at thirty-five or forty
cents. If these gentlemen are to go to the
expense of meters and measures to show what
quantity of liquor they have manufactured at
their establishment, tax them according, tax
them by the gallon as you propose to do; but
do not compel a man to make three gallons of
whisky from one bushel of corn when it is
impossible to make that much good whisky
from a bushel of corn. It cannot be done.
From six to eight quarts of good copper dis-
tilled whisky is just as much as can be made
from a bushel of corn. Why, then, offer a pre-
mium by legislation for mean whisky, and
impose a double tax upon good whisky? Tax
it fifty cents a gallon as _ you propose; and
if you are going to discriminate at all, discrim-
nate in favor of good whisky, and not in favor
of mean whisky, which this provision in this
bill does.
I hope that the Senate will strike out this
amendment—for it is an amendment of our
Committee on Finance—and stand on the bill
as it came from the House. Take this hill
from beginning to end, and, in my opinion, it
is about double as good as it came from the
House as our committee have made it. As fur
as I have been able to examine their amend-
ments, in every instance, according to my
judgment, they are in error, and especially in
this proposition, because, if I discriminated at
all, I would discriminate in favor of good
whisky, and not against good whisky.
Mr.' SHERMAN. This section simply pro-
vides a mode and manner of ascertaining the
production of the distillery, and prescribes the
rules and terms by which a collector or assessor
can determine the productive capacity ot the
distillery. Among other modes of ascertain-
ing that, it provides that three gallons of
whisky shall"be counted for every bushel of
grain used. In all the distilling I know of the
grain yields more than that. It says that not
less than three gallons shall be counted for
every bushel of grain. Usually a bushel of
40th Ooxg. 2i> Puss.—-No. 2-40
grain yields three gallons and a quarter or a
half, according to my information. This lan-
guage that we have inserted here was inserted
at the request of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, and is the language of the present
law, which prescribes the same rule and mode
of ascertaining the capacity of the distillery.
The Senator from Kentucky sees in this amend-
ment a great deal of evil and error. I should
be very sorry, indeed, to dispense with any
good whisky or encourage the production of
any bad whisky ; but this amendment does not
do that. It simply prescribes a rule and mode
of ascertaining the capacity of the distillery.
The quantity of spirits to be made in the dis-
tillery is afterward gauged and tested in the
mode provided by law. This is nothing more
than providing approximate rules by which the
quantity of whisky distilled at a particular
place shall be ascertained.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to ask the
chairman of the committee a question. After
the number of bushels of grain is ascertained,
arc the distilleries to be taxed at the rate of
three gallons for each bushel?
Mr. SHERMAN. The quantity on which
they have to pay tax is not determined by this
section. This is a mode of ascertaining the
capacity of the distillery :
That on tho receipt of the distiller's first return
in each month, the assessor fell all inquire anddcterm-
ine whether said distiller has accounted in his
returns for the preceding mouth for all the spirits
produced by him.
It is a mere question as to whether the dis-
tiller has madea proper return. Then it says:
"And to determine the quantity of spirits thus
to be accounted for," these rules shall be pro-
vided ; that is, every bushel of grain which
, goes into the distillery, an account of which is
provided for in a previous section, shall be
accounted equal to a productive capacity of
three gallons.
Mr. FOWLER. Suppose he returns seven
hundred, does he not have to pay §1 50 for
each bushel?
Mr. SHERMAN. He will have to produce
from that bushel three gallons; but if the grain
is not consumed, or if it is consumed for some
other purpose, as a matter of course he does
not pay. It is a mere mode of ascertaining
the capacity of a distillery. I maintain that
there are no distilleries in Kentucky but what
make three gallons of spiiits from a bu hel of
grain. They may make some good spirits;
but then they work off the balance into low
wines or some other grade of spirits ; but I
maintain that all of them produce at least three
gallons to the bushel.
Mr. FOWLER. I have taken some pains
to ascertain the facts in regard to this question
in my own State. The State of Kentucky
occupies nearly the same relation toward the
whisky-making business that Tennessee does.
We have a large number of small copper-dis-
tilled distilleries in the States of Kentucky
and Tennessee, and I apprehend in those dis-
tilleries every dollar of tax has been collected.
There have been no frauds in any of those dis-
tilleries. Now, if they are compelled to pay
a tax of a $1 50 on each bushel of grain con-
sumed, that will amount to a tax of seventy-
five cents on the gallon, because I have been
informed by those best calculated to give me
advice on the subject that a bushel ot grain
will not make in these distilleries more than
about eight quarts or two gallons of whisky-
good whisky—as has been stated. It is very
evident, then, that this section is liable to the
objection made by the Senatoi from Kentucky,
and these persons will have to pay a tax of
seventy-live cents on the gallon, instead of
fifty cents, which will be paid by the large
establishments where they make three, four,
or five gallons, as the case may be, from a
| bushel of grain. I hope that this portion of
the bill will be stricken out.
Mr. MORTON. Living in a State where
there is great deal of whisky made, 1 ha>e
heard the subject talked about often, and I
understand the truth to be about this : where
there are small distilleries, private still, per-
haps, where a man makes whisky for his own
use and for his neighbors around, and where
quality is looked to more than anything else,
they will make about eight quarts or two gal-
lons to the bushel; but in a,11 large distilleries
where it is made for sale, for gain, they make
from three to four gallons to the bushel. In
these small "distilleries, where whisky is made
oh a small scale, for liome use or the use of
neighbors, and where quality is looked to
almost exclusively, as stated by the Senator
from Kentucky, they make from seven to eight
quarts to the bushel; but where it is made on
a large scale, and for commerce and trade, they
make from three to four gallons to the bushel.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not know much
about the manufacture of whisky; but taking
the statement made by the Senator from
Indiana, the necessity of this amendment, it
seems to me, is perfectly obvious ; for if you
do not provide in the bill how many gallons
shall constitute the product of a bushel, then
these large distilleries may account for two
gallons of whisky from each bushel of grain,
and conceal or steal the other gallon; and
these small distilleries to which the Senator
has referred 
Mr. McCREERY. If the Senator will allow
me to interrupt him, this bill provides that a
meter shall be obtained by each distiller in
the United States at his own expense. That
will test the amount of whisky manufactured.
Mr. WILLIAMS. No matter about that.
These meters have been tried, and they have
not been found to be sufficient to prevent
fraud ; and this is only an additional provision.
Where a certain number of bushels of grain
are received into a distillery for the purpose
of being manufactured into whisky it is neces-
sary that the distiller should account for a
certain number of gallons. The law requires
him to do that; and it requires him for every
bushel of grain to account for three gallons of
whisky. So far as these small distilleries are
concerned that make only say two gallons of
whisky from a bushel of grain, the residue
that is left is good for other purposes, I sup-
pose ; hut if it is of no value, still the two
gallons of whisky are so much more valuable
than three would be, perhaps are worth so
much more per gallon than if the grain had
been converted into three gallons, that the
owners of these small distilleries can afford to
pay a little additional tax.
But, sir, it is impossible to provide by a gen-
eial law for these particular and exceptional
cases. The great bulk of the whisky manu-
facture in this country is made for sale, and
the object of this legislation is to reach the
large distilleries, and we must provide a law
that will reach such a ease and prevent frauds,
even if it does in some cases operate with hard-
ship upon the private distilleries that men set
up and run for their own convenience and
luxury or for the accommodation of their imme-
diate neighbors. To undertake to say that
there shall be no rule on this subject is to
abolish one of the new guards which this bill
undertakes to put upon distilleries to prevent
fraud ; and I do not think, therefore, that it is
advisable to adopt, the proposition.
Mr. DAVIS. The amendment of the com-
mittee is objectionable in two points of view.
There are two modes of distilling whisky : one
is by the copper worm, and the other by steam.
The copper worm distilleries usually distill in
the season which begins about the 1st ofNovem-
ber and ends about the 1st of June from one
hundred and fifty to three hundred barrels.
By that mode of distillation not more than two
gallons on an average can be made, but by the
steam mode something like four gallons an
average can be made. The amendment., then,
in its application to copper distillation, is too
high by one third, and in its application to
steam modes it is too low:
The whole quantity of spirits produeo'1 from the
materials used shall be ascertained by recturning not
less than twelve quarts of proof-spn'its for every
bushel of grain used, nor less than seven tenths ot
one proof gallon of spirits for every gallon ot molas-
ses used.
