1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
277
40xh Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Davis.
Senate,
people, but none against the Government of
tfie United States ; their grievances at the
hands of the former were far from being suffi-
cient to justify a movement for peaceable sepa-
ration, and they did not form a plausible pre-
text for attempting it by the sword. Therefore
when the authority of the United States was
thrown off by the southern States and their
people became armed insurrectionists, I ad-
vocated their suppression by military force;
and when our Government passed beyond the
pale of its constitutional power, which was
merely the suppression of the insurrection, and
struck for the subjugation and conquest ot the
"southern States and people, I opposed and
condemned this unauthorized assumption of
power, and the rights of the conqueror claimed
under it.
I have succinctly staled my position in rela-
tion to these interesting questions, and as to
each I believe I was right, and I still adhere
to that position. I have done this to support
my declaration that in condemning the recon-
struction measures of Congress I was free from
party prejudice or party predilection, and was
actuated solely by devotion to our country and
its'Constitution.
Mr. President, in the career of the United
States there have been four principal epochs:
1. Their revolt against the mother country,
and the establishment of their independence.
2. The formation and adoption of their Con-
stitution, after a few years of experience in
peace had demonstrated the utter and hopeless
insufficiency of the Articles of Confederation
to give them external security, and internal
union, peace, order, and prosperity.
3. The recent great and most extraordinary
revolt of the people of eleven of the United
States, and its still more extraordinary sup-
pression, in its suddenness and completeness,
ending so abrubtly and squarely.
4. The imminent danger of the overthrow
of our Constitution and system of mixed na-
tional and State governments by the party in
power, in a series of unconstitutional and de-
structive measures, devised by them to break
down the checks imposed on Congress by the
organization of the other departments, and to
defeat the legal and proper efforts of the peo-
ple to displace them from power.
This fourth epoch is not yet consummated,
and what remains to be done will determine its
character. It has interest greater than those
which preceded it, because the essential good
that each of them brought to the American
people is all involved in it, and is now to be
lost or continued to them ; and its importance
is proportionably augmented. The authors of
secession did not propose or desite war with the
United States: on the contrary, their earnest
wishes, their great hope was, that they would
be allowed peaceably to secede. They were
moved by no hostility to our form of Govern-
ment, for they framed one for themselves differ-
ing from it only in one principle, the admission
of the, right of secession. The southern States
admitted their consanguinity, and made strong
professions of friendship and peace for the
adhering States and their people. They, and
some of the other States, had become deeply
dissatisfied and embittered with cach other;
and they sought a peaceful separation from, as
they believed, their northern enemies. The
publicly expressed opinions of the late Presi-
dent of the United States, of thePresidentpro
tempore of the Senate, of the Chief Justice of
the Supreme Court, of Horace Greeley, and
others, that if it was their settled wish they
should be permitted to separate from the other
States, aided them to reach the conclusion that
in adopting that measure they would not pre-
cipitate war. It is now certainly a debatable
question whether it would not have been better
for all the States and all the people that "the
erring sisters should have been permitted to
depart in peace." Bach one had the right,
under the constitution of the southern confed-
eracy, at any time to secede from it; and their
position in the United States would have been
soon demonstrated to be so much more eligible
than membership in the southern confederacy
that before this time all of them, one by one,
would have returned to the old Union, contrite
as was the prodigal son.
But if their military coercion is to result, not
only in their conquest and subjugation and the
destruction of their governments and institu-
tions, but also in the overthiow of the Consti-
tution and the mixed system of national and
State Governments and the liberties of the
people of the United States, and the erection
upon their ruins of a military despotism, bet-
ter a thousand times that the right of the
southern States peaceably to secede had been at
once fully admitted. One third of the domin-
ion of the imperial Republic would have fallen
from it, but liberty, regulated and secured by
the Constitution, would have remained to all
the people.
The rebellion has been successfully and sig-
nally suppressed, and the conflict of arms by
which it was effected terminated about three
years since. The rebels had made their ex-
periment, and the completeness of their over-
throw was only surpassed by that of their sub-
mission. Their country and its resources were
utterly exhausted, and their hopes and spirits
broken down. They submitted in peifect obe-
dience to the Constitution, laws, and authori-
ties of the United States, greatly needing and
earnestly invoicing their protection, prepared
and asking to be allowed to resume their
place in the Union and Government, to per-
form all their duties, and to be admitted to the
possession and enjoyment of all their rights.
They have been purified in one of the severest
ordeals through which any people ever passed,
and to-day, in principle and spirit, they are
nearer to true loyalty to the Constitution than
any portion of the people ot the United States.
Their present true allegiance to it is in strik-
ing contrast with the disloyalty of the iiadical
party ; they sought some years ago to 'separate
themselves from it, even at the hazard of civil
war; but the Itadic'als are now subverting it to
enable them to hold on to power, to continue
their possession of the form of government
for its honors, its oificcs, its spoils, and plunder.
The simple but momentous question now is,
which shall succumb, the constitutional Gov-
ernment and liberties of the people of the
United States or the Radical patty V They can-
not both exist; one or the other must perish.
Even to produce its overthrow, I have no
wish that this party should persist in 'ts mis-
chievous measures, which have regularly pro-
ceeded from bad to worse, until they have cul-
minated in the one now under consideration, and
which, in view of the early age of our country,
the general intelligence and virtue of its peo-
ple, their watchfulness of their individual in-
terests and prosperity, their devotion to the
principles of liberty, and the constitutional
defenses of them built up so recently by men
whose memories we worship, is the most start-
ling and monstrous measure that was ever
devised in a legislative assembly to be imposed
uponany people. 1 sometimes have to summon
mv cold reason to verify, that the strange and
terrible events of the past eight years are re- ^
ality ; they seem so like the unsubstantial, j
shitting, but always horrible creations of a j
fever' s'delirium ; and certainly of all the strange 1
phenomena the most startling is the bill under
consideration.
* GENERAL PRINCIPLES OF THE GOVERNMENT.
The Government of the United States was
formed by the action of thirteen sovereign
States. They made a Constitution for the or-
ganization of a Government lor the whole, by
which they delegated to it some general powers
necessary and proper for the management of
their common affairs; and_ all the powers not-
invested by the Constitution in the common
Government were reserved by a special provis-
ion. The powers of each State to form its own
governmentand makeits own laws for-the regu-
lation of its people and domestic affairs, were
not only not delegated to the common Govern-
ment, but were comprehended by. the words
describing the reserved powers of the States.
The validity of the common Government re-
sulted wholly from the adoption of the Consti-
tution by the States, and no amendment can
be made to it but by their ratification.
The General Government was not only made
by the States, but their governments were incor-
porated as part of its machinery. The mem-
bers of the Senate can be chosen only by the
Legislatures of the States; the qualifications of
the electors of representatives to.Congress are
fixed by them exclusively; and "the times,
places, and manner of holding elections of Sen-
ators and Representatives shall be prescribed in
each State by the Legislature thereof; but Con-
gress may at any time by law make or alter
such regulations except as to the places of
choosing Senators." Each State appoints, in
such manner as its Legislature may direct, its
presidential electors; and if, in the presidential
election, no candidate shall have a majorityof
the whole number of electors appointed, and
if the States, by their representatives, would
not vote or would divide so that no candidate
could get a majority of them, there could be no
presidential election. The Government of the
United States was then formed with the knowl-
edge and purpose by those who made it, that
it could in various modes be brought to a final
and peaceful end by these States.
1. By the people of the States refusing to
elect Representatives to Congress.
2. By their Legislatures refusing to choose
Senators.
0. By the refusal of their Legislatures to direct
the manner in which presidential electors may
be appointed..
4. 15y the failure of their representatives to
go into an election of President when there
has been no election by the electors.
5. By the States, when they proceed in such
a state of case, to attempt an election, refus-
ing or failing to give the vote of a majority of
them to one candidate.
This view of the subject shows how the States
and their governments are blended with the
Government of the United States, that they are
in truth a part of its essential framework and
machinery, and that it could not be adminis-
tered or exist without their friendly coopera-
tion. The men who framed the Constitution
comprehended fully what they were doing, and
they not only did not intend that the Govern-
ment created by it should manage the domestic
affairs of the States, nor absorb any of their
reserved rights and powers, but that it should
be dependent for its continued existence upon
the States. All the publications of the time
show, that its best friends had serious doubts of
the success and continuance of the new Gov-
ernment; that they clearly understood the dif-
ferent modes in which it could be terminated ;
and if it should from any cause come to an end,
that every State should have a completely or-
ganized government, fully competent to take
care of its affairs. Every intelligent man who
lias carefully read the history of that period,
knows that the government of each State and
its sovereign and exclusive control of ail its
own domestic affairs, were objects which greatly
more absorbed the affections and solicitude of
its people than even the great necessity for a
common Government, and all the fruits which
it could be expected to bring to them. When
the work of the members of the Convention had
been finished, and those great and virtuous
men were about to athx their names to the draft
of the Constitution, if it could then infallibly
have been revealed to them, that the reserved
sovereignty and rights of their respective States
would be subject by the new Government to
such atrocious violations as we have witnessed
in the last few years, the peu would have dropped
