1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2801
advised, to turning over the Indian service to
the War Department. That question, how-
ever, is not before the Senate on this bill; but
I make the remark because of what has been
said by the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. TIPTON. I suggest that if the motion
to strike out does not prevail we ought to in-
sert immediately following the clause which it
is proposed to strike out the words "and in
said capacity shall report to the Secretary of
the Interior." By making this amendment
you make him responsible to the Secretary of
the Interior.
Mr. RAMSEY. He reports to the Secre-
tary of the Interior, as a matter of course.
Mr. NYE. Having had a little experience
iu this matter, I shall be exceedingly glad to
agree with the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana. However honestly a Governor and super-
intendent of Indian affairs may discharge his
duty there are always plenty to cry out that
he is a thief and dishonest. Mr. President,
dishonesty in the Indian department is not
with its agents and superintendents; they have
no chance to steal unless they are the recipi-
ents of large amounts of money with which to
fulfill treaty stipulations. I suppose that the
object of making the territorial Governor ex
officio superintendent of Indian affairs is two-
fold: first, the Governor is necessarily the
head of the Territory. His house becomes a
hospital, a hotel, and everything else; and
every complaint, from that of a sick Indian to
that of the wearied, worn, and>l- ihausted trav-
eler, is presented to the Governor for relief.
He being regarded as the head of the Terri-
tory, it is important that he should have some
power to control the only dangerous element
in these Territories, the Indians. A superin-
tendent of Indian affairs is subject to the same
weaknesses, both politically and morally, that
a Governor is. You send a Governor out upon
a salary of $2,000 year. While I had the
honor to hold that office in the Territory of
Nevada, the money which I was paid brought
me in the currency which the people would
accept in that country thirty-eight cents on the
dollar, or $380 per §1,000. Three times that
amount, receiving $1,000 additional for super-
intending Indian affairs, was all I received. The
honorable Senator can countitfor himself. No
Governor can live upon a salary of that kind.
This combination of duties is based upon
the economy of the thing. The Governor can
discharge the duties of superintendent, and
thereby save money. A Governor in a new
Territory can live just as cheap as a superin-
tendent of Indian affairs, if he chooses; and
to have two officers for this business makes too
many heads- If trouble arises the superin-
tendent of Indian affairs is in one portion of
the Territory, six hundred or seven hundred
or eight hundred miles from the Governor,
with no means to confer with him. and the
Governor is powerless to act. The Indians are
upon the war-path, and the superintendent of
Indian affairs is as far from the Indians as the
Governor is from the superintendent. In this
condition of things what are you going to do ?
If there is to be a separate officer superintend-
ing Indian affairs, there should be some one
head to control all. Divide it, and the security
against Indian depredations is gone. This
combination of duties saves two or three thou-
sand dollars a year in the expenses of the Ter-
ritory ; it gives unity of action and secures all
the efficiency that two separate officers would
have, and I think much more.
Mr. RAMSEY. Senators know very well that
the whole West has grown up under the system
contemplated in this bill. General Cass wqs
Governor of Michigan Territory and ex officio
superintendent of Indian affairs. General St.
Clair was Governor of Ohio and ex officio su-
perintendent of Indian affairs. General Har-
rison was Governor of Indiana and ex officio
superintendent of Indian affairs. Through the
agency of these Governors the great bulk of
the Indian titles to the land in the western
States were extinguished. General Cass was
almost constantly employed in his capacity of
4*0th CONG. 2D SESS.— NO. 1T6.
superintendent of Indian affairs. When a great
number of Indians are concentrated in any one
Territory having special relations to the Indian
Department, being located on reservations,
they may then require the special services of a
superintendent; hut otherwise not.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I would
not add another word except that I feel that it
is perhaps proper to do so to exclude a con-
clusion. I hope the distinguished Senators
from Minnesota and Nevada will not think that
any remark I made had any allusion to their
former connection with these two offices, or
that it was at all in my mind that the Senator
from Nevada as Governor of the Territory and
as superintendent of Indian affairs received
his pay in depreciated currency so that it was
not sufficient unless there was connection with
the Governor's office also the office of super-
intendent of Indian affairs.
Mr. NYE. That only made about three
hundred dollars a year difference.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Only $300 out of the
$1,000. I dare say it was all satisfactory in
Nevada; I have heard of no troubles between
the Indians and the white people there, but
I have heard of trouble elsewhere, where these
offices were connected.
The Senator from California, [Mr. Cole,]
in his answer to the Senator from Nevada,
[Mr. Stewart,] a few moments ago, did injus-
tice to the regular Ai my in connecting the Chiv-
ington massacre, that most horrible, bloody,
foul spot upon our history, at all with officers
of the regular Army. I do not understand
that massacre to have been brought about or
countenanced by the oflicors of the regular
Army; it seems to have been under local con-
trol ; but I do not choose to discuss it to-day.
It has been discussed in the Senate heretofore,
and 1 believe that Senators generally under-
stand the merits of that question.
I simply wish now, after excluding all possi-
ble conclusion that I refer to the Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Nye] or to the Senator from
Minnesota [Mr. Ramsey] in any remarks that
1 make, to repeat what 1 believe on thi  ques-
tion, that these two offices ought to be sepa-
rated. The Indians ought not to be under the
control of the Governor of the Teriitory, be-
cause, in the first place, his office does not
properly connect him with that service ; and,
in the second placc, the temptations of polit-
ical preferment and hopes of ambition dis-
qualify him, in my judgment, for the delicate
duty of deciding the many questions that arise
between the settler and the Indian ; and 1 will
add, as is suggested to me, that the Governor
of one Territory, Montana. I now understand
asks to be relieved from this duty—the care of
the Indians—on the ground that it is incon-
sistent to some extent with his other official
unties.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I am not
pi i pared for quite so radical a change in our
Indian affairs as is suggested by the amend-
ment offered by the honorable Senator from
Indiana. The practice of uniting in one and
the same person the governorship of a Territory
and the superintendeney of Indian affairs is a
jMry ancient one, commencing with the com-
mencement, of our national existence. The
Goveuii,!' of the Northwestern Territory in
ancient days was also superintendent of Indian
affairs for" that immense Territory which has
already become an empire. The Governor of
the Territory of Indiana, when it was a Terri-
tory, was also superintendent of Indian affairs.
The same is true of Michigan, of Wisconsin,
. and indeed of all the new Territories that have
| been carved out since the beginning of the
Government; and I believe that our Indian
affairs on the whole were well administered
when taken care of-by the Governors of those
ancient Territories. I know that for sixteen
years while General Cass was Governor of the
Territory of Michigan he conducted the Indian
affairs of that Territory with a great deal of
skill, and I believe to the entire satisfaction of
the Government and the country.
I am not prepared now to change this ancient
system. I think there is danger in introducing
such an innovation. The Governor of a Ter-
ritory is looked up to by all persons within its
limits as the principal man, and he is especially
so regarded by the Indians. As has been very
properly remarked by the Senatorfrom Nevada,
lie is at once the keeper of a hotel and the
keeper of a hospital. He is the principal man
to whom the traveler applies and to whom the
pioneer applies, and of all men in the Terri-
tory he is most likely to exert a good salutary
influence over the Indian tribes. It is also, on
the score of economy, a saving to vest the
authority of superintendent of Indian affairs
in the Governor. It tends to diminish offices
and office-seekers. It tends to simplify the
Indian system of the Territories ; and for one
I must vote against this amendment of the
Senator from Indiana.
Mr. YATES. I simply desire to say that
under the bill as it stands the Governor is super-
intendent of Indian affairs, and if you adopt
this system of sending an agent there it will
produce antagonism. The Governor beingmore
acquainted with the people, and being looked
up to by the people, should be at the head, and
this antagonism should be prevented. I hope
the question will be taken and that the amend-
ment will be rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana, on which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 26 ; as follows :
y ]'■ A S'—Messrs. Conness, Corbett, Doolittle, Hend-
ricks, McCreeiy,Morrill of Maine, Patterson oflen-
nessce. Van Winkle, and Vickers—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Cole, Conkling,
Drake, Edmunds, Fessenden, Frelinghuysen, How-
ard, Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, Shermnn, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull,
Wade. Williams, Wilson, and Yates—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony. Bayard, Buckalew,
Chandler. Cragin, Davis, Dixon, Ferry, Fowler,
Gi-imes, llarhm, Henderson, Johnson, Norton, Ross,
Saulsbury, Sprague, Stewart, and Willey—19.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the committee to the
phraseology of the fourteenth section, the sec-
tion reserving the sixteenth and thirty-sixth
sections for school purposes. I desire to insert
the word " public" before "schools," because
it has been held in some of the Territories that
these lands might ultimately be used for semi-
naries and private schools, and I think that
is a perversion of the intention of Congress. I
therefore move to insert the word "public"
before " schools."
Mr. YATES. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to offer another
amendment in the same section. As it now
stands the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections
cannot be reserved until after the survey, and
that will take a long time, and in the mean-
while every sixteenth and thirty-sixth section
that is valuable will be held by a squatter
against the interest of the public schools ; but
if the section can be amended, as I suggest,
the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections will be
reserved from the date of the act and can be
held only for the purposes herein reserved,
that is, for public schools. I move to strike
out after the word " that," in the first line, the
words " when the lands in said Territory shall
I be surveyed, under the direction of the Gov-
[ eminent of the United States, preparatory to
! bringing the same into market;'' so that the
i section will read :
| That sections numbered sixteen and thirty-six in
each township in said Territory shall be, and the
! same are hereby, reserved for the purpose of being
I applied to public schools in the State or Mates here-
| after to bo erected out of the same.
! That reserves them now from the passage
( of the act; but the section as it stands only
1 reserves them after survey, and that will be too
late; the best of them will be gone then. _ I
; therefore move to strike out the words which
I have indicated.
Mr. WILLIAMS. How ean you determine
