1778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
entitled to the privilege of the floor, will make
an atmosphere in this room such that none but
a man who is impervious to every evil atmos-
pheric influence can possibly stand. If the
number is to be unrestricted, who can go into
the galleries ? Then, sir, what shall we see
every day ? Every door of the galleries will
be crowded with people, and they will get
chairs and benches and stand up behind each
 other to look in and see and hear, and the con-
sequence will bo that all circulation of fresh
air through the Chamber will be entirely lost,
and we shall be sitting here in a close, con-
fined atmosphere, impaired in its vital quali-
ties by the presence of so many individuals.
These two considerations, besides those
which have been mentioned, are sufficient with
me to vote in favor of some proposition which
shall limit the number who are to come in here.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am firmly
convinced that the proposition proposed by
the committee is a proper one to adopt in the
main. Our accommodations hero afford nearly
ten times the amount for the convenience of
the public of any other Government in the
world. The ordinary frequenters of the two
bodies—the House of Representatives and the
Senate—are enough to fill one Chamber every
day; and when this trial commences, unless
we have this system adopted, persons who
intend to be here will be compelled to take
their seats in the early part of the day at very
great inconvenience, and some of them will do
as I observed was done (ho other day, have
their tea and coffee and luncheon brought in,
in order that they may remain through the
session.
I do not think there is anything in the ob-
jection presented by the Senator from West
Virginia. When any parties come here, and
are about to leave, they will hand their tickets
to other persons, as they will find plenty wait-
ing in the corridors and at our doors, so that
there will not be any considerable number of
vacancies, in my judgment, at any time. Nor
do I think, when it is once known that Sena-
tors have but four tickets to provide for their
own families and their friends, that they will
be very much importuned by a mob for tickets.
I trust, therefore, that in the main we shall
adopt the proposition as presented. I do not
see how persons who ought to obtain admittance
here can otherwise expect to gain admission.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there any motion
to amend pending?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
motion to amend pending, to strike out "one
thousand" and insert "nine hundred."
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, we must,
I am sure, all agree that the trial upon which
we are about to engage should be conducted
with all possible propriety; that all demonstra-
tions of applause or disapproval should be
avoided so far as it can be done by the pre-
liminary arrangements, and that wo should
punish them, if we have the means of punish-
ing, if they occur in spite of any of our pre-
liminary arrangements. The committee almost
unanimously, if not with perfect unanimity,
came to the conclusion that the propriety of
the occasion demanded that no persons should
be present except those to whom tickets should
be delivered.
I have before, Mr. President, on an occasion
not as solemn as that which is about to take
place, witnessed in this Chamber demonstra-
tions which affected very much the dignity of
the body; and I am sure, as sure as one can
be before the events occur, that if the galleries
are left open to the public it will be impossible
to avoid scenes which will be disgraceful to the
Senate itself, and more or less to the country.
The moment the doors are opened you will find
every seat in the gallery filled, for the most
part by a class of persons who are insensible
to what is due to the occasion; and just as cer-
tain as we live there will be demonstrations
of approval or disapproval, from time to time,
as the trial occurs. I can very well imagine
that there may he parties, should the galleries
be left open, who wilP indulge in insults to
individual members of the Senate, iusults to
the party who is to be upon his trial, insults to
the managers, one or more, who may conduct
the prosecution upon the part of the United
States, and iusults to the counsel of the party
to be tried; and what are we to do ? Clear the
gallery? 1 have often heard the order given
by the President to clear the gallery, but I
never saw it executed but once.
But there is another consideration. Do we
not desire, is it not appropriate, that the ladies
who may be in Washington shall, more or less,
be the spectators and form a part of the audi-
ence? What gentleman would, (if he did it at
all,) without solicitude, place any female mem-
ber of his family in the gallery if it was likely
that disorder would occur? We have a popu-
lation—certainly I do not mean to speak of
them with any unkindness—who now number
some ten thousand in the city, taking a deep
interest, no doubt, in everything that concerns
a trial of this description ; aud if the galleries
are opened, in five minutes afterward you will
find every seat occupied by people of that de-
scription ; and do you expect the ladies, coming
from whatever section they may, will form a
part of the audience? You will have not only
from this city, but from the other cities within
the reach of the seat of Government within a
few hours, hundreds and thousands of men who
are not to be kept in order except by force, and
who will he ranged, in all probability, on the
one or the other side of the questions which the
prosecution may involve; and our delibera-
tions, in my judgment, if tiie trial is not to be
conducted in the way suggested by the com-
mittee, might as well bo conducted in the
open air.
Mr. President, itisaprosecution,fortunately
for the country, without a precedent; and I
trust in Heaven in the future, no matter how
it may result, not to bo followed by any simi-
lar proceeding. It is due to ourselves, due
to our institutions, due to the gravity of the
occasion, due to what may be the vital import-
ance of the occasion, that nothing should be
done calculated in the slightest degree to cast
the least suspicion upon the fairness of the
Senate of the United States. That, I am sure,
as far as the Senate is concerned, will be their
wish, and, as far as theycan, they will endeavor
to observe it; but if it becomes, as far as the
audience is concerned, a mob, the public will
say, no matter what may be the result of it,
that it was brought about by violence rather
than by the calm and unbiased judgment of the
tribunal.
It is said that the people will be dissatisfied.
-Can we accommodate everybody? The gal-
leries are only fit to accommodate some nine
hundred persons, and by using the aisles one
thousand; but what are nine hundred or one
thousand to the multitude who will be here?
Suppose you open the galleries; only one thou-
sand can get in. What then will be said by
the ten thousand who are outside? Why are
they excluded ? Why may they not say, with as
much reason as I think is to be found in the
objection to the using of tickcts, "Why is it
that the trial is not outside, that the world may
be the spectators in point of fact?"
Lot it not bo forgotten, Mr. President, that
we are a Senate of the United States about to
be a court, the highest known to our laws and
to our institutions, about to try the Chief Ex-
ecutive of the United States, in whom is vested
the whole executive power of the nation, and
in a cc_'tam event to transfer that executive
power to another. The issues are fearful; I
mean because of the momentous character of
the issue. I have 110 apprehension that the
country will be destroyed by any possible term-
ination of the trial. I have too much confi-
dence in the patriotism of tfhe people, m the
good sense of the people, in their love of our
free institutions, to suppose for a moment that
any event occurring to any man or set of men
will give any real danger to our Government.
It will go on, as it has done in the past, in spite
of treason; it will go on in the future, no matter
what may be done by the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the
duty of the Chair to announce that, the morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday is before the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that will be laid
aside informally for the present, until we get
through with this subject. I will make that
motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If this subject
can be finished in a few minutes I will not
object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business will be laid aside informally if
there be no objection.
Mr. MORRiLL, of Maine. I should object
if I thought there was a disposition to discuss
this matter much further. It seems to have
given rise to a general discussion.
Mr. HOWARD. Wo shall take the vote
very shortly.
Sir. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well; try
it aud see.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objec-
tion being made, the Senate will proceed with
the matter under consideration.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, I have no
doubt that the first duty of a court for the adju-
dication of important business is to make such
arrangements that business can be transacted
decently and in order. If it were not that we
are surrounded by circumstances which make
it imperatively necessary I would not be in
favor of any restrictions upon the free use of
the gallery of the Senate; and really, before the
demonstration of applause in the gallery a few
days since, I felt as though I should be ready
to vote for a free occupancy of all the room in
the gallery. In view of that manifestation of
rudeness on the part of those who are permit-
ted to hear without any restriction, and after
what has already been said on the subject, Iain
entirely satisfied that there can be 110 sufficient
quiet for the transaction of business here unless
we do exercise a control over the seating of
persons in the gallery. Then my next thought
was that a portion should be set apart for the
use of the families of members and of Senators,
simply from the fact that if that be not done
they will be compelled to come here as soon as
they have their breakfasts in the morning in
order to anticipate the coming of a crowd at
the middle of the day. I therefore came to tlio
conclusion that a portion of the gallery should
be set apart for that purpose ; but if a portion
is thus set apart we produce that odious dis-
tinction which has been referx-ed to by the Sen-
ator from West Virginia.
I would rather, therefore, that the whole
gallery should be occupied indiscriminately by
those who received tickets ; and as the tickets
will be in the hands of Senators of both polit-
ical parties, in the hands of members of the
House of Representatives of all political par-
ties, the persons admitted here will be admit-
ted indiscriminately, and they will be repre-
sentatives of all shades of political difference
and distinction in the couutry, and then they
can be changed every day. Unless we have a
system by which tlicy can be changed, one
thousand persons holding tickets perpetually
will come here and monopolize all the room
of the Senate and hear the trial, to the exclu-
sion of all others. But if we should sit upon
this trial for fifty days fifty thousand people
might be admitted to the galleries, for I cer-
tainly should not consider it my privilege to
permit any one set of special friends to occupy
exclusively the tickets that might be issued
to me.
We see, then, tliat with all the difficulties
in connection with each mode of seating the
gallery there certainly will be less difficulties,
will be less trouble, and we shall secure greater
quiet, greater comfort, greater respect, by seat-
ing persons with tickets, with the distinct un-
derstanding that they will be changed each
day. I am compelled to come to this con-
clusion. I come to it rather reluctantly 011
account of a desire to have everybody accom-
modated ; but the confusion would be so great
under any other system that nobody would bo
