278
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 11,
Senate.
Reconstruction—Mr. Davis.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
from the hand of al! of them, and the unsigned
Constitution would have been abandoned for-
ever. Such a revulsion would have originated
in exalted and far-seeing patriotism, for the
reserved sovereignty and rights ot the States
are, beyond all measure, of more value to the
people of each State than all the good which
the Government of the United States can confer
on them. Its chief end was to secure to them
the reserved sovereignty and rights against for-
eign and domestic dangers, and whenit destroys
them it becomes a direful curse.
This atrocious bill strikes down all the re-
served sovereignty and rights of ten States and
their people, abrogates their governments and
the States, notwithstanding Congress and the
President and the Supreme Court have each,
in many solemn, official acts, recognized their
existence both during and since the suppres-
sion of the rebellion ; wrests the Constitution
and all its guarantees and protection away
from their people ; declares who shall and who
shall not vote, and who shall and who shall
not be candidates in the work of construct-
ing the governments of those States; sets up
the General of the Army as an absolute mili-
tary dictator in them ; ejects from them the
jurisdiction and power of the Supreme Court,
and of the President of the United States, both
as Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy,
and as the chief executive officer of the Gov-
ernment, on whom the Constitution specially
devolves the duty to see that the laws are faith-
fully executed, and whom it requires to swear
that he will faithfully execute the office of
President of the United States, and will to the
best of his ability preserve, protect, and de-
fend the Constitution of the United States;
and then declares all attempts of those high
functionaries to perform their constitutional
duties in those ten States to be times, and
visits them with infamous punishment.
Here is the very frenzy of faction in its
mischievous and deformed wickedness. The
authors and supporters of this measure or I
labor under mental and moral insanity, and it
does not seem to me to be I.
Mr. President, some of the defenders of
this reconstruction polie-y, and particularly its
great champion in the other House, frankly
declare that it lias no warrant in the Consti-
tution. That admission should end the con-
troversy, for Congress derives all its powers
from the Constitution, and when it attempts to
exercise any outside of it becomes simply a
revolutionary assembly. Several Senators have
claimed that the reconstruction measures are
authorized by the Constitution, but most of
them who support the policy have not disclosed
their position on this question. He is a bold
man who, notwithstanding the public declara-
tion of his conviction that the Constitution
gives tio authority to pass these acts, yet sup-
ports them; to lie so convinced and to con-
ceal it while voting for it is the easier part.
i propose to examine the provisions of the
Constitution which have been relied upon as
conferring 011 Congress the power to pass the
pending and previous reconstruction bills.
The fourth section of the fourth article, in
connection with the provision which invests
Congress with a power of incidental legislation,
have been conjointly claimed as the source of
this power by all the Senators who have spoken
to this point, except my honorable friend from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe, J who repudiates wholly
the former provision and claims the power ex-
clusively from the latter one, which is in these
words :
"Congress shall have power to make all laws which
fell n 11 be necessary and proper for carrying into exe-
cution tlin foregoing powers and all other powers
vested by this Constitution in the Government of the
United States or any department oroffieer thereof."
The power conferred by this clause is of an
incidental and secondary character, and the
laws it empowers Congress to pass, are such
as may be necessary and proper to execute
some other and enumerated power vested in
the Government, or some of its departments
or oflicers. This power of incidental legisla-
tion is a very extensive field, but any act of
Congress under it must have three indispen-
sible conditions. First, it must be to execute
another power, named in the Constitution ; sec-
ond, itmustbe necessary and proper to carry
that other power into execution ; and third, it
must itself be consistent with the letter and
spirit of the Constitution. This whole class
of legislation is of a parasitical character; it is
the vine, and the enumerated power which it
istoaid is the tree to support it, and without
which it falls. The reconstruction acts find
no authority in this provision of the Constitu-
tion per se. That it is not authorized by the
fourth section ofthe fourth article, or both of
tliera together, is equally certain, though it
requires more of argument to demonstrate it.
To aid in this task I will read from Kent's
Commentaries, and the writings of Madison,
recently published, in explanation of the nature
and general principles of our system of Govern-
ment:
"The Constitution of the United States is an instru-
ment containing ttiegraut of spewlio powers, and the
Uovernmentot the Onion cannot claim any powers
but what ure contained in the grant mid given either
expressly or by neeessary implication, i'lie powers
vested in the State governments by their respective
constitutions, 01- remaining with tile puopie of thu
several States prior to tlio establishment ofthe Con-
stitution of tho United States continued unaltered
and unimpaired, except so tar as they are granted to
the United States. V> 0 are to ascertain the true con-
struction of tho Constitution and tue prceiso extent
ol the residuaiy authorities of the several fcStates by
the declared sense and praetico of the governments
respectively when there is no eoHision. and in all
other eases where thettuestion isoi a judicial nature
weureto ascertain it by the decisions ot thottupromo
Court ot the United States; and those decisions ou^ht
to be studied and univeisahy understood in respect
to all tho leading questions ol constitutional law.
Tho people of the United estates have declared the
Constitution to be tho supremo law of tho land, and
it is entitled to universal and implicit obedience.
Every act oi Congress, and every act of the Legisla-
tures of illeStates,and eveiy part ol thoConstitu,ion
of any State, which are repuunaut to tho Constitu-
tion of tho United States are necessarily void. This
is a clear and bettled punciplo ot constitutional
jurisprudence. The judicial power of the Union is
declared to extend to all cases m law and equity
arising under the Constitution; and to the judicial
power ii. belongs, whenever a case is j udiciaiiy belore
it, to determmo what is tho law of the land. Tlie
determination of tho Supremo Court of the United
States in e\ery such case must be linat and conclu-
sive, because tile Constitution gives to that tribunal
the power to decide, and gives no appeal lrom the
decision.' —1 Kent's Commentaries.
Mr. Madison, in what are called the Madison
Papers, volume 4, page3U4, dated in 1834, says:
"Astho legislative, executive, and judicial depart-
ments oi the United States are cooidinate, and each
equally bound to support theConstitution, it follows
that each must, in the exercise of its iunetioris, bo
guided by the text of the Constitution according to
its own interpretation of it: and consequently that
in tho event of irreconcilable interpretations the
prevalence of the one or the other depaitiiient must
depend on tuo nature ot the case as receiving: the
final decision from oucor the other, and passing fiom
that decision into eileet without involving the func-
tions of any other.
"It is certainly due from the functionaries of tlie
several departments topuymuchrespectto the opin-
ions of each other; and as tar as oilicial independ-
ence and obligation will permit to consultthe means
of adjusting mftcrcnces and avoiding practical em-
barrus&ments growing out of them. as must be done
in like cases between the differentcodrdinate branches
of the legislative department.
°J3ut notwithstanding this abstract view of the
coordinate and independent right of the three de-
partments to expound the Constitution, the judicial
department most familiarizes to tho public attention
as tlie expositor, by the order of its Junctions iu rela-
tion to the other departments, and attracts most the
public confidence by the composition ot the tribunal.
"In the judicial department, in which constitu-
tionality as well as legality generally find their ulti-
mate discussion and operative decision; and the
public deference to and confidence in the judgment
of that body are peculiarly inspired by the qualities
implied in iis members and by the gravity and de-
liberation ol their proceedings, and by the advantage
tiio r plurality gives them over the unity of the ex-
ecutive depaitment, and their firmness over the mul-
titudinouscomposition of the legislative department.
" Without losing sight, thereiore, ofthe coordinate
relations of tiie three departments to each otiier.it
may always be expected that the judicial bench,
when happily filled, will, for the reasons suggested,
most engage the rcspect and reliance ofthe public as
the surest expositor of the Constitution, as well in
Questions within its cognizance concerning the bound-
aries between the several departments of the Gov-
ernment as in those between the Union anu its
mombors.
These great authorities here state most im-
portant fundamental principles : that the Gov-
ernment of the United States is not of ori-
ginal and plenary, but wholly of delegated
powers ; that the Constitution is the source of
all its powers, and it has none but what are
expressly or by neeessary implication conferred
upon it by the language of that instrument;
that all the other powers of political sovereignty
and government are reserved to the States re-
spectively and tne people ; that the powers or-
ganized "by the Constitution are divided and
apportioned by it among three separate and
coordinate departments ; and the legislative is
vested in Congress, the executive in the Presi-
dent, and the judicial in the courts; that in all
cases before the Supreme Court in which the
constitutionality of any law of Congress or of
a State, or any act of the President or other
officer of the Government, arises, that court
has the power to decide it. and its decision is
binding upon the other departments of Gov-
ernment and all persons; and on all other
questions of constitutionality each department
lo which it might come for action must decide
for itself, and the decision of the one last hav-
ing the charge of the matter must prevail. It
results, necessarily, that where Congress has
passed acts the constitutionality of which can-
not or have not been brought before the Su-
preme Court for its judgment, which require
the intervention of the President, either as the
chief executive officer of the Government or
as the Commander-in-Chief of the Army and
Navy, to give them effect, he is the final judge
of their constitutionality, and may upon his
proper responsibility refuse to execute them.
The powers of government naturally assume
a threefold form—legislative, executive, and
judicial. A limited and free government can
be organized only on the principle of separat-
ing those powers and assigning each class to
a different and coordinate magistracy. Their
union, however effected, and whether in one
or a body of men, has been given by English
as well as American statesmen to be the defi-
nition of a despotism. This partition has been
made and guarded with jealous care by our
Constitution. The legislative power is vested
wholly in Congress; the executive in the Pres-
ident, except the Senate shares with him the
power to make treaties and to appoint to office ;
and the entire judicial power is vested in the
courts, with the special designation of the Sen-
ate to try all cases of impeachment. Neither
department has any authority to review, con-
trol, or interfere with another in the pertorm-
ance of its functions, but the independent ac-
tion of each was designed to check the abuse
of power by the others.
Having stated these general principles, I
again ask whence the power of Congress to
pass this bill and the other reconstruction
measures, as they are termed? The Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Moiitox] and the Senator
from Oregon, [Mr. Williams,] with a very
confident manner and language, claim this au-
thority under the tourth section of the fourth
article of the Constitution, in these words:
"The United States shall guaranty to every State
in the Union a republican form of government, and
shall protect each of them against invasion, and on
application of the Legislature or of the Executive—
when the Legislature cannot be convened—against
domestic violence."
That provision of itself certainly does not
give the power, nor does it with the clause
conferring the power of incidental legislation
superadded. Before attempting to ascertain
the meaning and effect of this fourth section
I will premise that the Constitution vests cer-
tain specified powers in Congress, others in
the President, and others in the courts, eo nom-
ine ; and some it confers on the United States
by that designation. Among the powers thus
vested in Cougres* is—
"To provide for calling forth the militia to exe-
