1780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
Mr. HOWARD. I think it is the disposition
of the Senate to occupy their seats as usual
during the trial.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not usual. Seats
are usually provided on eacli side of the Chair
on a platform. I have reflected on the subject
since it was started the other day, and I doubt
very much whether it would be wise during the
trial for us to occupy our present seats. In
the first place it will be very inconvenient.
How are they to be arranged? We now face
the Presiding Officer, all of us. How are the
seats for the managers and for the counsel to
be arranged? They ought to face both the
presiding officer and the members. On the
trial of Judge Humphreys seats were arranged
for the Senate sitting as a court of impeach-
ment on the same side with the presiding
officer, so that the managers and the counsel
could face the whole Senate and face the pre-
siding officer at the same time, [t will be
more comfortable for us, undoubtedly, to sit in
these seats; but I think it will be more apt to
create confusion in the management of affairs,
and I do not think it would be so well or look
so well as to arrange the seats otherwise. But
it is suggested to me that by a standing rule of
the body the presiding officer has authority to
make all necessary arrangements. I 3o not
know how that is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is so.
Mr. ANTIIONY. I suppose, however, it
is proper for me to say that the presiding
officer would prefer to be relieved from the
responsibility and to take the opinion of the
Senate on the subject.
Mr. FBSSENDEN. We cannot relieve the
presiding officer by passing a resolution in this
way over a standing rule of the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. We do not pass it over
a standing rule. We leave the rule, but we
relieve the presiding officer by telling him
what we want done, which, of course, he
would prefer should be done. My only object
is to promote the convenience and comfort of
the Senate. The Senator from Maine must
recollect that on the trial of Judge Humphreys
our positions were exceedingly uncomfortable ;
and if we are to sit during the whole of this
trial, which may be continued for weeks, we
must have a different arrangement.
Mr. PESSENDEN. We shall sit, I pre-
sume, for three or four hours a day, beginning
at one o'clock, and I do not think that will be
very severe. I know it will not be so conven-
ient and comfortable to us individually as if we
sat in our present chairs; but if we are where
we are now the instant we leave our chairs for
a moment somebody will be dodging into them.
We cannot get along in these seats unless you
have a railing back of us keeping off every-
body else. I think it would lead to confusion,
and I do not think the appearance of things
would be so reputable. It would look as if we
were trying this great case precisely as we
would settle a question of whether we should
give the pages or clerks of the Senate twenty
per cent, additional pay, in the ordinary course
of business. I think there is something due
to appearance and form. However, sir, if the
Senate choose to decide otherwise, be it so; I
shall make no opposition.
Mr. MORTON. A day or two ago I signed
a pauer to the effect that Senators should keep
their present seats during the trial. I did it
without reflection, and I am now satisfied that
it is impracticable. It is with difficulty that I
can hear a number of Senators speaking on the
other side of the Chamber. I could not hear
more than one half of what the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Fessenden] said just now, and I
have nearly always to go over to that side of
the Chamber when he speaks; and so it is in
regard to other Senators. When it conies to
the examination of witnesses who do not deliver
their testimony in loud tones like a man making
a speech, we shall have to get near to them to
hear them. If there is to be testimony offered
in this case, we shall have to be in a compact
body, so that we can all hear it. The contro-
versy that will be carried on between the man-
agers on the one side and the counsel on the
other will not be carried on in the loud tones
that men employ in making speeches, and we
cannot hear it unless we are near to them. It
will, therefore, he for our mutual convenience,
when this trial takes place, that the Senators
shall sit together in a body. We can hear but
very imperfectly what is going on if we are
scattered about throughout the hall as we now
are, with a large crowd on the floor and a large
crowd in the galleries. I think, therefore, it
will be found impracticable in the progress of
this trial for us to retain our seats. We shall
have to sit together.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not sign the paper
referred to for the reason that I thought to re-
tain our usual seats during the trial would be
entirely impracticable and almost impossible.
We have invited to come 011 the floor two hun-
dred members of the other House, and the
Governor of each State, if he is here. How
can we occupy all those seats to the exclusion
of everybody else 1 It is not a question whether
it is convenient for the Senators simply, as the
Senator from Rhode Island suggests. It is not
a matter of our personal convenience ; it is a
matter of public accommodation, and we ought
to be willing to subject ourselves to some in-
convenience. I am clearly of opinion that we
ought ourselves to occupy as little space as
possible, and give as much space as we can to
others.
Mr. SHERMAN. I not only signed the
paper referred to, but I am decidedly in favor
of the idea embraced in it. The reason given
by the Senator from Kansas seems to me too
light. It is the Senate of the United States
that tries an impeachment. We have already
made provisions for the public by giving them
the galleries, and the only question is as to the
mode by which the public shall gain access to
the galleries. We have under our rules given
permission to certain officers of the Govern-
ment to come 011 the floor of the Senate Cham-
ber. While we sit here they may come and
visit us, and they have a right to do that now.
They do it now. The members of the House
of Representatives probably will not attend
any more when we are sitting to try this im-
peachment than they do now when we sit in our
legislative capacity. It seems to me that in a
long trial such as is about to be inaugurated,
to require the Senators to group themselves in
a small compact space around the Chair, would
be to make us suffer great inconvenience,
great embarrassment, and great fatigue without
any good. It seems to m'e that the managers
on the part of the House, and the counsel on
the part of the accused, may sit together in the
space before the Secretary's desk, and in that
way they will be much nearer to each Senator
than some of us are when wo are speaking to
each other. The witnesses can be placed in
that space, from whence their voices can easily
be heard, as the voice of the Clerk is readily
heard. In that way we shall not be subjected
to any great inconvenience. But to require all
the members of the Senate, more than fifty, to
be accommodated by seats around the Chair,
and to place the witnesses and the managers
and the counsel off at the distance from which
I now speak, would be inconvenient. Under
such an arrangement the witnesses would be,
perhaps, as far off from the managers as they
would be if placed in the center of the Hall,
and theSenatorsshould sit in their usual places.
If any Senators sitting in the outer row of
seats find it difficult to hear, seats may be pro-
vided forthem nearer the center where they can
hear. There can be no practical difficulty in
that respect.
On this trial most of the testimony, as we
know very well, will be in the nature of record
or documentary evidence. The gentlemen who
address us, the counsel and the managers, are
men whose voices can readily be heard, espe-
cially when they speak from the center of the
Hall, where they will no doubt be placed. The
witnesses who will be examined can no doubt
be heard without difficulty. And if there is
any difficulty in the case Senators may move
forward so as to hear the particular witness
who may be under examination.
It seems to me that the Senate of the United
States ought to proceed in the trial of this
impeachment just as it proceeds in any other
business. There is no reason why any differ-
ent mode should be pursued in the trial of this
case than is pursued in the conduct of any
other business transacted by the Senate of the
United States. We are still the Senate per-
forming judicial duties, acting as a court,
and ought to pursue, it seems to me, the even,
regular tenor of our way. I have no doubt
that Senators when they are comfortably seated
at their desks will be able to hear better and
give more attention to the progress of the trial
than if they are sitting cramped as we were
in the ease of the trial of Judge Humphreys
in an inconvenient position, where we shall
become worn out and tired out earlier in the
day. If we retain our regular seats we shall
be able to sit more hours, and with more pati-
ence, and to act upon the questions involved
with more care and attention than if we were
sitting uncomfortably grouped aroundthe Chief
Justice. I am therefore in hopes that, whether
with or without the order of theSenate, arrange-
ments will be made so that we can occupy our
usual seats. I think in that way much of the
delay that will otherwise be occasioned will
be avoided. Perhaps when counsel are argu- *
ing upon matters on which we have already
reflected sufficiently and thought enough, they
may be admonished if they see us sitting at our
desks reading papers or doing anything else
we deem necessary.
I am for conducting this business precisely
as we do the most important business of the
nation. The Senator from Maine says we
ought not to pursue the same course in con-
ducting this business that we would in regard
to fixing the pay of a page or other employ6.
Sir, we conduct the highest business of the
nation; we reconstruct States; we ratify trea-
ties, we make laws for thirty-eight million peo-
ple sitting here in the ordinary way at our
desks. Certainly the trial of any person, how-
ever eminent, is not as important as the ordi-
nary legislation of the Senate of the United
States. I see therefore no reason for depart-
ing from the ordinary way in conducting this
business.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I am ad-
monished by the experience of the Senate on the
trial of Judge Humphreys, that the arrange-
ment proposed of benches at both sides of the
Chair is inexpedient. I think at that time it
was found by every Senator to be inconvenient.
That proceeding, it will be remembered, was
very brief. If now we are to enter upon a pro-
ceeding longer than that, as is supposed, there
seems to be an additional reason why we
should not subject ourselves to that incon-
venience. It seems to me, therefore, that the
suggestion the other day was wise that ar-
rangements should be made that Senators, so
far as possible, should keep their present seats.
I say "so far as possible." I do not know
that some changes may not be required which
would compel some slight alteration in the
actual arrangement of the seats. I can ima-
gine, for instance, that the seats should be
brought together so that the small aisles or
gangways between them should be given up,
and in that way we should gain more space
at the ends ; or, if the desks were carried the
other way, space would be gained in the mid-
dle aisle or gangway. The desks might be
brought together and the aisles abandoned,
and in that way there would be an economy of
space on the floor.
Then as to the places to be occupied by the
counsel and the managers, it seems to be
perfectly natural that the counsel should be on
one side of the Chair, in the space between
the Chair and our seats, perhaps slightly in
front, and the managers on the other side ; or
they may be both brought dircctly in front of
the Chair.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would suggest to my
friend from Massachusetts that by actual ex-
