3828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
internal revenue laws. He says the Commit-
tee on Finance ought to have reported a crim-
inal statute. We have had some experience
of that kind.
Mr. MORTON. No, there are plenty of
statutes, but you do not enforce them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator does
not expect the Committee on Finance to en-
force criminal statutes. We reported one crim-
inal statute, and the Senate refused to agree to
it because it was so harsh, and this bill contains
at the end of almost every section a clause
making something a penitentiary offense. So
there are enough criminal statutes, enough
offenses defined to fill all your penitentiaries
and jails. The Senator asks, then, why these
laws are not enforced ? In the first plaee, so
gross and palpable lias been the corruption
caused by the failure to collect the tax on
whisky that these people have bought their way
through the meshes of the law, district attor-
neys and courts, and assessors and collectors
and inspectors, and so on through the whole
list. Why? Because the temptation is so enor-
mous, the fund is so great, the amount in their
possession and control is so vast, that they are
able to break through all the meshes of the law.
I do not know why more cases have not been
prosecuted, but I have authority to say from
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue—and I
give it only on his statement, because I have
no information on the subject except what I
derive from him—that he has attempted to settle
no cases involving penitentiary offenses, that
his settlements have usually been confined to
smaller matters in regard to the ordinary ma-
chinery of managing the internal revenue, and
that no case involving a criminal offense had
been settled except with the approbation of the
judge or the district attorney, one or both. This
officer, I have no doubt, has endeavored to do
the best he can, though he has not in all cases
evinced the energy and vigor which some think
he ought to have shown.
Mr. CAMERON. Allow me to say that I
know some cases where settlements were made
that the district attorney did not recommend.
I know of one case of a thousand barrels of
whisky 
Mr. SHERMAN. A criminal case?
Mr. CAMERON. I will state the facts, and
the Senator can judge. There was one case
where I was told, and believed, one thousand
barrels of whisky were in the hands of an indi-
vidual of great power, not far from my place.
The Senate may remember that I took great
pains a year ago to have a Democrat made
collector of a certain district, because I believed
he would honestly enforce the law, and it was
a district where other men seeking the position
were in league with large distilleries. In that
district I was told of one thousand barrels of
whisky in the possession and under the con-
trol of a certain man which he got through
somehow or other without paying any tax.
Although information of that fact was brought
" here by the collector, the man escaped in some
way, not through the courts, but through the
officers here, and as I am told through a mem-
ber of Congress. 1 know another case where
$10,000 was gotten from a distiller, and the
money is still in the custody of the Treasury
Department here or some officer of it, and the
most strenuous and determined exertions have
been made for a year to get the collector
removed who exposed that fraud of the $40,000.
The trouble is not in the courts.
Mr. ANTHONY. Allow me to say to the
Senator from Ohio that several cases have
been brought to my knowledge where consid-
erable seizures of whisky have been made, and
in the opinion of the prosecuting officer there
was no possible doubt that it would be forfeited
to the Government; but without any consult-
ation with him, and, so far as he knows, without
any consultation with the court, though there
may have been consultation without his knowl-
edge, he was directed to discontinue the suits,
jsuits in which he had no doubt the Government
would prevail. I do not know where the blame
is, or whether there is any blame in the mat-
ter, but I think it is a very bad system that
permits such things.
Mr. CAMERON. Allow me to make a fur-
ther statement, There is one case of fraud in
my immediate neighborhood where a man was
removed who was an inspector or something
of that kind, because I knew he was engaged '
in fraud. He was out for a little while, and
then suddenly was reinstated, and within the
last ten days the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue came to me and said, '' I have been
compelled to reinstate that person." It is not
necessary for me to mention his name. I know
that members of Congress interfere in such
cases. If a man of influence in a district is
convicted in the public mind of fraud, his
member of Congress will go to the Department
and get a release. 1 have now mentioned the
case of a man who 1 knew was engaged in
frauds, knew by evidence so strong that I could
not resist it, and he has been reinstated.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, coming back to the
declarations! made before, I say again, on the
authority of theCommissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, that no criminal case has been settled
except upon the recommendation of either the
judge or the district attorney, so I am informed;
and the statements made by the Senator from
Pennsylvania and the Senator from Rhode
island are not inconsistent with the truth ot
this statement. That in cases of forfeiture
settlements have been made which arc totally
indefensible, if the facta arc as stated in the
public prints and stated here by Senators, is
manifest ami palpable ; but if I was in the place
of the Senator from Rhode Island, or the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, I would make a spe-
cific charge, and if I found that a high officer
of the Government was guilty of gross neg-
lect, or of malfeasance, I would bring tho mat-
ter before the Senate of the United States with
date and figures and amounts, and submit it to
the other House as the basis for an impeachment
proceeding. That is the remedy, if I knew,
in the language of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, of a distinct case of a man guilty of a
palpable fraud, who was found guilty of that
fraud, and then restored to office after exam-
ination, I would bring that to the attention of
the House of Representatives.
Mr. CAMERON. I did not say that he was
found guilty, but I say that I knew he was
guilty of fraud, and so represented it to the
Department, and he has been reinstated.
Mr. SHERMAN. I come back to the point
again : are we not all satisfied that it is impos-
sible for some reason or other to collect the
tax of two dollars a gallon on whisky? I was
the last man to yield my opinion on that sub-
ject. I was always opposed to the high rate
of tax fixed by the law, two dollars, and pre-
ferred one dollar, but at the beginning of this
session I made up my mind that it was the
duty of Congress to deliberate upon some mode
of collecting the two-dollar tax; but when the
House of Representatives, the proper organs
of tho people, who directly represent the peo-
ple, and who by the Constitution have power
to originate revenue bills, have by their own
motion after full consultation determined that j
they would only collect a tax of sixty cents a i
gallon on whisky, is it wise for the Senate at
this stage of the session to go back on this
proposition and change it, and thus run the
risk of a controversy between the two Houses
on a question vital and vitally necessary to be
decided? That is the point. The Committee
on Finance did not feel themselves at liberty
to reopen the question; and if they had re-
ported this bill with a substantial change from
the proposition of the other House, they would
not have been justified unless they were able
to give clear and conclusive reasons for that
change. If the Committee on Finance now
stood here demanding that the judgment of
the House of Representatives was not right,
we should have to support that demand with
strong and conclusive reasons.
On the other hand, there is a general acqui-
escence by the country that it is impossible to
collect the two-dollar tax ; that it presents so
strong a temptation that no law, no machinery,
will enable us to collect it, and therefore the
Committee on Finance simply report back this
bill unaltered in this respect. If, however,
the Senate choose to raise the^ rate it is for
them to do it. Something is said about a tax
of $2 50 being collected in England. How is
it done 1 If you give us the machinery adopted
in England we can collect three dollars tax;
but would our people submit to it? What is
the English system ?_ By their system of special
licenses and prohibitions they confine the whole
process of distilling spirits to about ten hands,
ten great corporations, with vast capital, and
those ten corporations distill all the spirits for
the kingdom of Great Britain, and they do it
under penalties andunderasysteni of monopoly
that our people would not submit to. Even
the little attempts we make to restrain small
distilleries and confine the distillation of spirits
to the large distilleries are strongly opposed
in the Senate.
The English system would uproot every dis-
tillery in the United States of America, destroy
tbe whole of this property, and then charter
corporations with capital so vast that the whole
people would cry out against the monopoly,
and I do not believe it would be possible, even
if every member of the Senate and every mem-
ber of the House believed it was better to
organize this system of monopolies, to pass a
bill fastening it on the country. There is one
establishment in England that I was in which
covers six acres of ground, and it can only be
maintained by a vast aggregation of capital,
and it is substantially run by the British Gov-
ernment. Are we prepared for that system?
If we are, if we are willing to break down all
the distilleries and substantially put the mo-
nopoly of this business into the hands of the
Government to be operated only by great mon-
eyed corporations, then we can collect three
dollars or two dollars and a half, but the public
judgment in this country would not tolerate it,
and it would be idle for us to propose such a
proposition.
In the other European countries, which are
somewhat similar to our own, the tax varies from
fifty to seventy-five cents. In Germany I think
it is about thirty-six cents. In mostof the other
European countries, except England, it is about
the rate proposed by this bill. It must be remem-
bered that this is a vast country, covering many
times the boundaries of Great Britain; that it has
exposed fiontiers where whisky may be smug-
gled ; that it has vast deserts and great plains
and unoccupied country; and very much of
the fraudulent whisky in this country has been
distilled in the various distilleries in the cities.
Why, sir, it is supposed that about one third
of all the fraudulent whisky has been distilled
from molasses. Molasses may be distilled
under this desk by a little machine that is sold
at from ten to fifty dollars-in the city of New
York. It may be done in a garret, in a cellar,
or in a shop; yes, it may be done in a box.
As long as you maintain your present, tax of
two dollars this fraudulent distillation will go
on, and all the detectives that the United States
can employ, all the penitentiaries you may
threaten, all the trials and prosecutions you
may institute will not prevent this fraudulent
distillation of whisky, if it can be made, as it
can now be made from molasses in a little cop-
per jug, you may say, when a single barrel dis-
tilled under the present act would pay a man
eighty dollars a day.
Mr. MORTON. And under the proposed
act it would pay him twenty-five dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; there is where
the Senator is mistaken. No whisky can be
distilled from molasses under this bill. It can
only be distilled from molasses at from one
dollar to $1 10 a gallon. Perhaps I state it
too low. The reduction to fifty cents utterly
destroys that business. If you keep the tax
above that, so that molasses spirits may be
distilled, as a matter of course this molasses
trade can supply the whole market, and it may
be done in an illicit and improper way, and
you cannot detect it, because it requires no
