1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2805
A further provision extends it to those who
go to a foreign country in order to avoid the
draft. The question, then, is reduced to the
simple one : if, by that act of Congress of 1865,
men who deserted from the ranks of our Army,
failing to return when an opportunity was
afforded them to do so, ceased on that account
to be citizens of the United States, they can-
not be permitted to vote in Ohio, because Ohio
requires a man to be a citizen of the United
States in order to exercise at elections there
the right of suffrage.
Now, sir, how is it in Ohio? This question
whether a man has deserted or not I say is a
question of fact, and as a question of fact is to
be tried at the polls, like any other question
of fact, affecting or determining the right cf a
person who offers to vote to exercise the right
of suffrage.
But gentlemen who argue in behalf of the
sitting member say not so. They say that a
man cannot be held to have deserted until it
has been judicially ascertained by sentence of
a court-martial, or some other proper tribunal,
that he is a deserter. I deny that; I hold that
it is a question of fact raised by the language
of the statute of the United States, to be de-
termined like any other question of fact by the
triers of that fact at the polls. If the construc-
tion of the law contended for by them be the
true one, how then shall we understand it?
What is the provision of the law ?
"That in addition to the other lawful penalties of
the crime of desertion from the military or naval
service, all persons who have deserted the military
or naval service of the United States, who shall not
return to said service, or report themselves to a. pro-
vost marshal within sixty days alter the proclama-
tion hereinafter mentioned, shall be deemed and
taken to have voluntarily relinquished and forfeited
their rights ot citizenship," &c.
Gentlemen say that means all persons who
have been criminally convicted ; all persons
who have been convicted of the crime of
desertion. Sir, if that be the construction of
the law, then how should the statute read in
order to clearly bear that interpretation?
"All persons who have been convicted of the crime
of desertion from the military or naval service of the
United States, and who thall not return to said ser-
viceor reportthemselves to a provost marshal within
sixty days after proclamation issued, shallbedeemed
and taken to have lelinqulslled their rights of cit-
izenship," &c.
Gentlemen would have us believe that the
law-making power here in Congress was not
treating the act of desertion as a mere fact,
but was intending to regard it as an existing
fact only when it should have, been ascertained
by the sentence of a court-martial or other
proper tribunal. If so, then we have this
inconsistent proposition, that a person shall
actually desert, shall be arrested, tried, and
convicted of the crime of desertion, shall be,
perhaps, sentenced to death, and then report
himself to a provost marshal in order to make
out the case.
Now, if you take this interpretation of gen-
tlemen and apply it to the reading of the stat-
ute it becomes most manifest that Congress
could have intended no such thing, but that
they meant that the act of deserting, or the act
of going to a foreign country, either act being
complete, and the party refusing to return upon
opportunity being offered, or the act of desert-
ing taking place after the passage of the law,
(for both classes of cases were provided for.)
then so much was done as to amount to a dec-
laration on the part of the person so doing the
act that he was willing to give up his right to
citizenship.
Mark you, there is nothing ex post facto
about this. It is all carefully prospective, and
the relinquishment of citizenship is under the
statute a voluntary act by the party, either by
not returning after due notice or by going away
after the passage of the law.
If, then, it be a question of fact, I hold that
in Ohio it is to be tried at the polls, like any
other question of fact involving the right to
vote.
In Ohio we have no registry law. The con-,
sequence is that the officers whom we call the
judges of election perform the double functions
of registrars and of inspectors and receivers
of the votes. Whatever questions as to the
right to vote would be settled in advance by
a board of registration, are in Ohio settled
at the polls by the judges of election. If a
voter be objected to on account of color, if he
be objected to on account of age, if he be
objected to on account of resicfence, all these
are questions of fact, and they are to be decided
upon the spot by the judges of election at their
peril. It is true that if the judges can be
shown to have acted maliciously and wantonly,
if it can be shown that they have rejected voters
which were properly admissible, they may be
held in the courts to answer in damages. But
their judgment upon the question of admissi-
bility is unquestionably a judgment legally and
legitimately exercised; and it is well exercised
when they decide upon a fact which clearly
disqualifies a man from exercising the right
of voting.
Thus, then, the question of fact, whether a
man has voluntarily consented to relinquish
his citizenship under the law of the United
States, (which can alone control in this matter,)
by going away or by refusing to return, is like
other questions of fact, such as age, color,
residence, &c., to be settled by the triers of
these facts at the polls. Hence, I say, that
this pretext as to the necessity of a judicial
finding is no more applicable to the question
whether a man has gone off and voluntarily
relinquished his citizenship thau it is to any
other question of fact connected with the his-
tory of the party and affecting his right to vote.
Mr. SCOFIBLD. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
occupy only two or three minutes. The sitting
member yesterday in the course of his argu-
ment stated with a great deal of emphasis that
i did not understand his case, although I had
attempted to discuss it. 1 noticed that he
repeated the remaik two or three times,
addressing me instead of the Speaker. 1
supposed at the time that the gentleman, in
the heat of his passion, designed simply to be
severe; and regarding his remarks in that light,
and being as a lawyer accustomed to such
remarks from my opponents, especially when
a man is pleading his own cause, I did not
design to say anything upon the subject. But
I am told that the sitting member had probably
got in his mind an idea that I had never taken
up his case and investigated the facts in detail,
but had derived my information from the brief
of the contestant, oriti aluinp from somebody.
I wish to say that when my fellow-members of
the committee intrusted to me the duty of
examining the facts in this case, I took both the
brief of tho contestant and that of the sitting
member, and made a list of 418 names of per-
sons whom either one party or the other alleged
to be disqualified as votets for one cause or
another. I ran over the whole evidence with
regard to each name, and after collecting the
evidence as to whether he was disqualified,
whether he voted and for whom he voted, I
marked the name for rejection or allowance as
I thought the proof required. Thus I went
over the whole list of 418 names—a labor I
never shall perform again—a labor such as I
believe no man in this House has heretofore
performed or ever will perform.
In deciding upon the correctness of my judg-
ment upon this evidence, the House must, I
admit, be governed by its opinion as to my
fairness. I intended to be fair. I knew very
well that the House could never go over this
long list. The minority of the committee have
not done it; the sitting member himself has
not done it. It would occupy at least a month
if I should undertake to review and explain
these facts as 1 went over them at my room.
But the principles upon which the decision of
the majority of the committee rests are all dis-
cussed in the report, briet as it is. I made the
report brief, because I knew members would |
not read a long one ; and it is my custom in all i
matters to be brief, as every member will bear '
me witness. All the principles governing the
case are presented in the report as I discussed
them yesterday, with the single exceptioa of
the question of pleading involved in the matter
of notice.
1 had learned from experience that the House
gave but little attention to that. No man has
more than one contest, except perhaps I except
our veteran contestant from Missouri, and
every man who comes with a contest is unac-
quainted with the business he has undertaken.
He has one in his life. He has no lawyer,
because in his county or district a contest
never occurred before. The notice and answer,
as you may say, are made by men unaccus-
tomed to their business. And when we have
such cases we expect to waste before the com-
mittee two or three days in discussion on points
which the committee have decided over and
over again, and with which they are as famil-
iar as with their alphabet. The committea
decide these questions about notice and answer,
and never trouble the House about them.
I now demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I yield the time allowed
me by the rules for closing this debate to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
the chairman of the committee.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, it was not my
intention to participate in the debate on this
case, which the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Scofield,] amply able at all times to
take care of what he undertakes, had consented
in the midst of the very arduous duties imposed
on me to take off my hands ; and it is only now
at his request that 1 venture to beg the atten-
tion of the House for a few moments to such
considerations as in my mind seem proper to
be presented at this time.
It has been said that the case is a long one.
More than a thousand witnesses have been ex-
amined ; two thousand pages of printed mat-
ter were submitted to the House and referred
to the committee for their consideration; and
three weeks of constant argument before the
committee were necessary for the elucidation
of the questions submitted. It was neces-
sary for the committee to go through with all
this work; but happily and fortunately for the
House such have been the conclusions of the
whole committee, the majority and minority,
that there are left for the consideration of the
House but three points in this case. And on
these three points of law turns the result of
all this labor and investigation.
They are points of law, Mr. Speaker, appli-
cable to the facts which in the main are not
disputed—the essentials of which are admitted
on all sides. Therefore what 1 may offer to
the consideration of the House will be dull
and dry in the extreme. But the House would
be unable to come to a satisfactory conclusion
on this case without each gentleman settling
for himself the questions which arise on these
three points.
The first point is what disposition shall be
made of the votes cast at this election by these
persons denominated by both parties as •' desert-
ers." The second is what shall be done with
the vote cast at Pike township. The third is
what shall be done with the vote east at Mount
Vernon. These three questions is all there is
in this case. As was said by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward.] on tho
other side of the House, in point of fact the
determination of the first determines the whole
case.
What shall be done, therefore, with the vote
of those persons denominated as " deserters? "
It is claimed by the contestant that they are
not legal voters and by the sitting member that
they are. What is the law by which you are
to determine whether they are legal voters or
not? They are persons who failed to report
themselves for military duty under the procla-
mation of the President of the United htates,
made in pursuance of the act of the 3d of
March, lKti-5. It is claimed by the contestant
that these persons, for that reason, are not cit-
izens of the United States ; and it being admit-
ted that uo person not a citizen ot the U mted
States c&a vote in the State of Ohio, he claims
