lsea
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
m
of the pmcer of a State to enact such a "test"
as the one I here complain of, because of
the explicit prohibitions contained in the Con-
stitution of the United States, and the reason-
ing of which is deemed to be quite%as appli-
cable to the disfranchisement of voters as to
the disqualification of priests or preachers, I
read from the committee's report at pages 4
and 5, as follows:
" Tho contestant claims that the same application
of principles requires the same decision in relation
to voters; that the virtual disfranchisement of per-
sons who were voters under tho previous constitution
and laws of the State, but who are prevented from
voting under the new constitution by reason of their
inability to take the oath it requires, can only be
regarded as a punishment for the act, which stands
in the way of taking the oath, and that tho Consti-
tution of the United States prohibits the infliction
of punishment by subsequent legislation.
"If such disfranchisement must be regarded as
established for the purpose of punishing the persons
thus deprived of the right of voting it must be ad-
mitted to come entirely within the reasoning by
which the above cited judgment of the court is sup-
ported."
Respectfully requesting that the concession
thus recited from the report be kept continu-
ally uppermost in the eye of the House, I read
on as follows:
" Tour committee believe that the provisions of
the new constitution of Missouri may be supported,
so far as they require this oath of voters, without at
all trenching upon the decision of theSupreme Court,
"Each of the States of the Union have hitherto
resulated suffrage within their own limits for them-
selves, and in such manner as the people of the State
deemed most conducive to their own interests and
welfare. Suffrage is a political right or privilege
which every free community grants to such number
and class of persons as it deems fittest to represent
and advance the wants and interests of tho whole.
Xo State grants it to all persons, but with such lim-
itations as the interests of all and the interest of the
State require.
" When once granted it is not a vested, irrevoca-
ble right, but is held at the pleasure of the power
that gave it, and the State may, by a change of its
fundamental law, restrict as well as enlarge it. When,
therelore, the State of Missouri, in changing its con-
stitution, saw lit to declare that the interests of the
State and of the people of the State would be pro-
moted by withholding the right of voting from all
persons who could not take the prescribed oath, they
exercised no greater or higher power than exists in
every State.
"The committee do not feol justified in entering
into any enlarged discussion of this point of consti-
tutional law, and therefore merely state the facts
and their conclusions thereon."
Of so much of the foregoing theory as but
correctly assumes that "suffrage," "when
onev granted," " is held at the pleasure of the
power that gate it," it need, of course, be
not further alluded to than as the indirect con-
currence by the committee of the impregnabil-
ity of the proposition whereon I based the argu-
ment, awhile ago, that the unratified disfran-
chisements here in controversy had, in fact,
no other sanctions than those of 11 fraud and
force." As, however, "the committee have
not deemed themselves at liberty to enter
upon" this proposition in the practical sense
in which I have had the honor to present it, I
shall make no further allusion to the proposition
upon which they dismiss it than to respectfully
inquire, in the language of the patriot poet,
" What constitutes a State ?"
and denying, as he would have done, that the
infamy by which alone I have been constrained
to appeal to you as a contestant, instead of
having been certified to you as a peer, was ever
legitimately enacted by the
"High minded men" * * * who "constitute the State,"
pass next to the issue upon which the com-
mittee have entered, and which they have de-
cided against me. As they but fairly and frankly
admit that " if such disfranchisements must be
regarded as established for the purpose of pun-
ishing the persons thus deprived of the right of
voting," " they come entirely within the reason-
ing' ' of the court in the priests case; and as per-
haps no one will deny that a case " entirely within
the reasoningr" of an adjudicated case mustulti-
mately be similarly adjudicated, there would
seem to be devolved upon me the duty alone
of so combining and reciting the opinion of the
court as to demonstrate that it did regard such
disfranchisements as I here complain of as
"punishment''—and that, being for that reason
within the inhibitions upon the sovereignty of
the States, to which they each and all assented
by coming into the Union, the case may be sub-
stantially regarded as res adjudicati.
As substantially the same points which are
made by the committee in this case seem to
have been made by the counsel for Missouri
in that case, the answer to them may be read
from the opinion in question, as follows :
"We admit the propositions of the counsol of Mis-
souri, that the States which existed previous to the
adoption of the Federal Oonstitut ion possessed origin-
ally all the attributes of sovereignty; that they still
retain those attributes, except as they have been sur-
rendered by the formation of the Constitution and
the afcendments thereto; that the new States upon
their admission into the Union became invested with
equal rights, and were thereafter subject only to sim-
ilar restrictions, and that among the rights reserved
to the States is the right of each State to determine
the qualifications for office, and the conditions upon
which its citisens may exercise their various callings
and pursuits within its jurisdiction.
" These are general propositions andinvolvo prin-
ciples of the highest moment. But it by no means
follows that, under the form of oreating a qualifica-
tion or attaching a condition, the States can in effect
inflict a punishment for a past act which was not
punishable at the time it was committed. The ques-
tion is not as to the existence of the power of the
State over matters of internal police, but whether
that power has been made in the present case an
instrument for the infliction of punishment against
the inhibition of the Constitution."
A little further on the court continues its
reasoning as follows:
"The disabilities created by the constitution of
Missouri must be regarded as penalties—they con-
stitute punishment. AVe do not agree with the
counsel of Missouri that' to punish one is to deprive
him of life, liberty, and property, and that to take
from him anything less than these is no punishment
at all.' The learned counsel does not use these
terms—life, liberty, and property—as comprehend-
ing every right known to the law. He does not
include under liberty freedom from outrage on the
feelings as well as restraints on tho person. He does
not include under property those estates which ono
may acquire in professions, though they are often
the source of the highest emoluments and honors.
The deprivation of any rights, civil or political, pre-
viously enjoyed, may be punishment, tho circum-
stances attending and the causes of the deprivation
determining this fact."
And yet a little further on they continue to
reason as follows:
"In France, deprivation orsuspension ofcivil rights,
or of some of them, and among these of the right of
voting, of eligibility to office, of taking part in family
councils, of being guardian or trustee, of bearing
arms, and of teaching or being employed in a school
or seminary of learning, are punishments prescribed
by her code. The theory upon -rfhich our political
institutions rest is, that all men have certain inalien-
able rights—that among these are life, liberty, and
the pursuit of happiness; and that in the pursuit of
happiness all avocations, all honors, all positions are
alike open to every one, and that in the protection
of these rights all are equal before the law. Any
deprivation or suspension of any of these rights for
past conduct is punishment, and can be in no other-
wise defined. Punishment not being, therefore, re-
stricted, as contended by counsel, to the deprivation
of life, liberty, or property, but also embracing de-
privation or suspension of political or civil rights,
and, the disabilities prescribed by the provisions of
the Missouri constitution being in effect punishment,
we proceed to consider whether there is any inhibi-
tion in the Constitution of the United States against
their enforcement."
Can it be possible, Mr. Speaker, that the
preachers case and the voters case were disso-
ciated in the mind of the court when rendering
this long-matured opinion, or that they forebore
on that occasion to redress the wrongs I here
complain of by their judgment, as well as
their "reasoning," except for the judicial rea-
son that the voter was not (in legal parlance)
a party to the record there, whereas he is the
only party to it here? Perhaps I ought to add,
that although the oath was the same in the voters
case as in that of the priest and other parties
enumerated in the general reasoning of the
court, he was excluded from the franchise
under a different section of the Constitution
from the one under which the priest was for-
bidden to follow his previous calling—and this,
to the professional listener, will constitute a
sufficiently satisfactory explanation why the
voters, who were disfranchised under the third
section of the Constitution, were not more
specifically alluded to in the reasoning of the
court upon the ninth section.
Must they not have been, however, indisso-
lubly associated in the mind of the court, when
speaking of the "deprivation of the right of
voting" in France as a "punishment pre-
scribed by her code, just as it will doubtless be
shown, in the voting case now before the court
from Missouri, that it is punishable by the
laws of that State? and when correcting the
counsel for Missouri for not having used the
terms life, liberty, and property, a8 compre-
hending "every right known to the law,"
including "freedom from outrage on the
: | feelings as well as restraints on the person ?''
/ and when concluding one of the quotations
I have made from their reasoning, with words
>! which will constitute in all the future a fund-
! amental maxim of our jurisprudence, to wit,
thet "the deprivation of any rights, civil or
! political, previously enjoyed, may [as in this
case] be punishment."" Expecting to demon-
! J strate presently that, in a case analogous, the
highest historical authority is in but natu-
i; ral accord with the highest judicial authority,
; not only that the deprivation of the political
I rights in contest here "may be" punishment,
but that they are punishments of the most
"degrading" character, when enacted by a
"retrospective penal law," we will next draw
upon the opinion of the court as to the scope
and severity of this oath, as follows:
"The oath thus required is for its severity with-
out any precedent that we can discover. In the first
place it is retrospective; it embraces all the past
from this day; and if taken years henoe it will also
cover all the intervening period. Initsretrospectivo
feature we believe it is peculiar to this country. In
England and France there have been test-oaths, but
they were always limited to an affirmation of present
belief or present disposition toward the Government,
and were never exacted with reference to particular
instances of past misonduct. In the second place,
the oath is directed not merely against overt and vis-
ible acts of hostility to the Government, but it is
intended to reach words, desires, and sympathies also.
And, in the third place, it allows no distinction be-
tween acts springing from malignant enmity and acts
which may have been prompted by charity or affec-
tion or relationship."
It is trusted no member of the House will
fail to recall in this connection the practical
construction or administration of this oath by
the registerial partisans of the contestee, who
rejected twenty-eight hundred and thirty-five
of my supporters who had taken it in the sense,
doubtless, that they had not disloyally sym-
pathized with the southern people, and who
were rejected in the probable proportion of
eleven twelfths of the whole simply because
their names were copied and certified from the
military list of '' sympathizers'' to which so
many were driven or forced in 1862. But I
am possibly bordering on a digression from the
issue now under discussion, and will hence
return to the opinion of the court for the rea-
sons upon which they decided that the require-
ments of the Missouri constitution were, in this
regard, inhibited by the Constitution of the
United States. The court says:
"The counsel for Missouri closed his argument in
this^oase by presenting astriking picture of thestrug-
gle for ascendency in that State during the recent
rebellion between the friends and the enemies of the
Union, and of the fierce passions which that struggle
aroused. Itwas in the midstof the struggle that the
present constitution was framed, although it was not
adopted by the people until the war had closed. It
would have been strange, therefore, bad it not ex-
hibited in ita provisions some traces of the excite-
ment amid which the convention held its delibera-
tions."
"It was against "the excited action" of the States
under such influences as these that the framers of
the Federal Constitution intended to guard. In
Fletcher vs. Peck, Cranch, 137,} Mr. Chief Justice
Marshall, Breaking of such action, uses this lan-
guage : ' Whatever respect might have beon felt for
the State sovereignties it is not to be disguised that
the framers of the Constitution viewed with some
apprehension the violent acts which might grow out
of the feelings of the moment; and that the people
of the United States, in adopting that instrument,
have manifested a determination to shield them-
selves and their property from the effects of thoso
sudden and strong passions to which men are ex-
posed. The restrictions on the legislative power of
the States are obviously founded in this sentiment;
and the Constitution of the United States contains
what may be deemed a bill of rights for the people
of each State.'
'"No State shall pass any bill of attainder, eor post
facto law, or law impairing the obligation of con-
tracts.'"
It was to this prohibition—this "bill of
rights for the people of each State"—that the
remainder of the reasoning of the court was
directed; and I know not how better to con-
clude the extracts to which my time and
