1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1781
periment it is found that our reporters sitting
in front of the desk of the Secretary," in the
space referred to, hear what transpires when
sometimes we cannot hear each other.
Mr. SUMNER. That is so.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Hall is so arranged
that that is the best place to hear.
Mr. SUMNER. Then, the question may
possibly occur to some Senators as to the posi-
tion of counsel when addressing the Senate.
It might be said that possibly the counsel would
not have his face turned toward the Chair. I
take it, it is well known to all that in the Cham-
bers of France, where these arrangements have
been studied with a good deal of care, on all
important occasions the leading speakers ad-
dress the Chamber with their backs to the
Chair. They speak from a tribune, a piece of
marble which is set up directly in front of the
desk of the Secretary; so that the order is,
first, the Chair, then the Secretary, then the
tribune from which the speaker addresses the
Chamber, with his back to the Chair. I merely
mention that to show that if the counsel should
notalwaysbefrontingthe Chair there would not
be in that any departure at least from usage
in a very important deliberative assembly.
All things considered, then, it seems to me
that we had better not say or do anything to
conclude this question. I am willing, if others
incline that way. to leave it to the committee,
"though, for one, I should rather vote in advance
and give the judgment of the Senate now that
the present arrangement of the seats should
be substantially preserved.
Mr. IIENDIUCKS. I signed the paper the
other day to which reference has been made,
and I am of the opinion that that arrangement
is the very best that can be made. I do not
understand that legislative business is to be
entirely abandoned. I understand that it is the
purpose of Senators to devote at least one hour
of each day to legislation. If so, our personal
convenience, as well as the prosecution of the
public business, requires that we should oc-
cupy our seats. But, for the purposes of the
trial, 1 apprehend no trouble in transacting the
business. So far as concerns the position of
the counsel for the House of Representatives
and also for the President to occupy, I would
be in favor of leaving them to select their own
positions; there is no difficulty about it; I
think we can hear more satisfactorily the tes-
timony of the witnesses sealed as we are than
if we change our positions, and be put into a
crowded and inconvenient location. Therefore
I hope the proposition of the Senator from
Rhode Island will be agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I did not suppose that the
idea was to put a part of the Senators on one
side of the Chair and a part 011 the other, and
thus separate them as widely from the counsel
and the witnesses as they would be in their
present seats. I supposed that the Senators
would have to get together on one side and
the other of this Chamber as compactly as
possible. From an experience in practicing
law of some years, I undertake to say that a
witness introduced on the floor near the Sec-
retary's desk, and telling his testimony in the
ordinary tones in which witnesses speak, can-
not be heard by the Senator from Massachu-
setts where he sits, and he will be compelled
to draw around and take a seat nearer for the
purpose of hearing the witness ; and this diffi-
culty will continually occur. As a matter of
convenience to Senators, that they may hear
without going around to get a convenient place
without straining, it seems to me we ought to
be put together and brought as near to the
counsel and the witnesses as possible.
But, Mr. President, there is another consid-
eration that ought not to be lost sight of. Nearly
two hundred members of the other House are
invited to be present on this floor, and the
Governors of the States are invited. Where
are they to sit? If we occupy the body of the
room as we do now, there is no place for them
except upon the sofas and in the corners and
standing around. We make no provision for
Ihem.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Allow me to ask my
colleague a question. I wish to ask him if the
rules do not provide for admission into the
Chamber of the members of the House of Rep-
resentatives and the Governors of States and
other distinguished persons at all times while
we are transacting legislative business, and I
want to know if the members of the House
have any more direct connection, rightful con-
nection, with this particular business than they
have with the legislation which is ordinarily
going on when they come into the Hall ? *
Mr. MORTON. It is true that the rules at
all times entitle the members of the House of
Representatives and the Governors of States
and ex-Senators to be admitted 011 this floor,
but I ask if the occasion ordinarily brings them.
all here at once. The occasion is extraordi-
nary. The other House will not be doing
business, and most of the members will want
to be present here. How shall tliey be accom-
modated ? Shall they stand up all around as
they did the other day as mere outsiders, or
shall they be provided with seats and some
arrangement made for them? There is pio-
priety in their being here, and, in my judg-
ment, there is propriety in making arrange-
ments for their convenience and for their com-
fort and for giving them an opportunity to see
and to hear as well as anybody else. If they
are to stay around in the corners and occupy
the sofas their position will be far less advan-
tageous and comfortable than that of those
who occupy the galleries.
The House ol' Representatives is the prose-
cutor in this case. To be sure, it is repre-
sented by certain managers; but the members
of the House generally will expect to be here,
and we ought to make some arrangement for
them. The Senator from Maryland suggested
to me awhile ago that if the testimony of the
witnesses could not be heard by the Senators
sitting as they now do it might subsequently
be read aloud by the Secretary that all might
hear it. That becomes a very tedious process
when carried 011 from day to day. I want to
be able to hear what each witness says as it
comes from his own mouth.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
will permit me to explain. What I said to him
was that if in any instance the voice of the
witness was not sufficiently loud to be heard,
what he said could be repeated by the party ex-
.amining him. That is a course sometimes
adopted in the trial of cases. A witness gives
his testimony ; the person who examines him
hears it, and by consent between himself and
the opposing counsel, the testimony is repeated
as it is delivered so that judge and jury may
hear it. That occurs very seldom, and I sup-
pose in this ease it would not occur more fre-
quently than in the instance of one witness.in
twenty, perhaps.
Mr. MORTON. I have just one word more
to say. Our chairs can be placed 011 one side
or the other of the center space much more
closely together than they are now ; and if that
is done, two or three Senators can occupy the
space now generally occupied by one. As to
having the use of our desks, I take it, it will
not be exactly proper, nor will it be allowed
that Senators shall read newspapers and write
letters, and carry on the business that is ordi-
narily carried 011 by Senators at their desks in
legislative session. We shall be expected to
give attention to the business then before us,
and to let letter-writing alone, and leave our
newspapers at our rooms or have them sent
there. I think, therefore, the necessity for
having our desks all to ourselves, and not be-
ing crowded upon either side of the Chamber,
will notbe so great as Senators imagine. Upon
the question of hearing witnesses, I will say
that 1 think 1 know from my own experience
that witnesses testifying in the ordinary way
in the center space in front of the Secretary's
desk cannot be heard by the Senators gener-
ally. Certainly they cannot be heard by Sen-
ators sitting m the outer row of seats. This
will be a subject of constant inconvenience.
Mr. MORRILL; of Vermont. In reply to
the Senator from Indiana, I will say that the
Sergeant-at-Arms is confident that he can pro-
vide room and seats for all the members of the
House of Representatives on the outside of
our benches. But I do not understand that
the House propose all to be here. They are
to be represented here by their managers,
and we ourselves propose to continue the
ordinary business of the session from twelve to
one o'clock; and I have heard, I do not know
with how much truth, that the other House
will continue in session for the purpose of
acting upon the internal revenue or tax bill,
while we proceed with the trial. At all events,
it seems to me that by doubling the chairs in
the two first circlcs of Senators' seats, and
leaving the outside circle free, there will be
ample room for the members of the House
without any removal of our desks.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I am in favor of this
amendment; but I think the latter part of it
is quite unnecessary. It is already provided
by our rule that arrangements shall be made
for the accommodation of the members of the
other House and all other persons entitled to
the privilege of the floor. I suggest to the
Senator offering the amendment that he con-
fine it to the one proposition, that the members
of the Senate retain their seats, leaving the
presiding officer under our rules to make all
other necessary arrangements, unless we think
proper hereafter to interfere. By singling out
in this amendment one class of persons en-
titled to admission to the floor, and providing
for their accommodation, we encounter the
observation of the Senator from Indiana. I
think that the Senator from Rhode Island had
better omit the latter clause of his amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have *no objection to
doing so, if it is already provided for. But it
seemed to be the idea that the House of Rep-
resentatives was specially invited here on this
occasion. I understand that during the two
days when we have heretofore sat as a court
on this trial, the House of Representatives
have held their regular sessions, and after the
first entrance of the managers, I do not think
there were at any time more than forty mem-
bers of the House in this Chamber; certainly
tliere were not fifty. Unless our proceedings
are greatly more interesting than they were on
those days, 1 think we shall have to hire peo-
ple to take the thousand tickets we are to issue
for the galleries.
Mr. POMEUOY. The Senator from Rhode
Island must remember that during one trial on
which he sat the House of Representatives was
here in a body and remained during the whole
trial.
Mr. BUCIvALEW. It was a short one.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes; it was a short one.
I do not think it is of the greatest importance
that Senators simply shall be accommodated
and have convenient places. The most incon-
venient seat you can give me is an easy chair
when I am obliged to see somebody else stand-
ing up, especially if 1 see others as well entitled
to a seat as I am unprovided. I always feel
inconvenienced when I am privileged with a
seat and others around me are obliged to stand;
I prefer to yield my seat under such circum-
stances. I believe we shall be more conven-
ienced ourselves by giving conveniences to
others than we shall be by occupying our cus-
tomary seats.
Mr. ANTHONY'. If my friend from Kansas
feels so uncomfortable at seeing other people
suffer let him consider how much suffering he
will give to everybody else if we see him
perched up on a platform by Uie side^ of the
presiding officer, where he will certainly be
exceedingly uncomfortable. Somebody must
occupy these seats, and it seems to me we are
better entitled to them than anybody else.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope we shall come to a
vote now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing proposition is an amendment to an amend-
ment.
