1782'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
Mr. ANTHONY. Let me hear what the
Senator proposes ; perhaps I may accept it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I propose to insert after
the word "that," in the Senator's amendment,
the words " and any Senator may have a seat
provided for him in the inner row of seats."
Several Senators in the outer row have sug-
gested that they will not be able to hear if they
occupy their ordinary seats.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is not necessary to
have an order for that purpose. I suppose any
Senator who occupies a seat in the inner row
would be glad to accommodate any brother
Senator.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yery well; if that can
be done I shall not insist 011 an amendment. I
thought, perhaps, all the Senators might bo
seated in the two front rows.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to
the Senator's proposition, but it strikes me as
unnecessary.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Chair state the
pending amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing amendment is that offered by the Senator
from Rhode Island, which, as now modified, is
to add these words, " and the seats now occu-
pied by the Senators shall be reserved for
them."
Mr. FOWLER. I hope that ]>roposition
will be agreed to. It seems to me we are
crowded enough as we are, and that bringing
in a large number of persons and providing
for accommodating them will make the room
uncomfortable. 1 think we can hear much
better if we occupy our seats as they are, pro-
vided there be not too much talking in the Sen-
ate, as happens to be the case just now. Situ-
ated as we are,*in our customary seats, we can
get along much better, I think, than by any
other arrangement. It will be impossible to
stretch long rows of seats on each side of the
presiding officer, to be occupied by Senators,
so that they shall hear everything that is said.
I think that, situated as we arc, we cannot
only hear the counsel but hear what the wit-
nesses say. Besides that, I do not wish to be
crowded any closer for the length of time we
shall have to sit in this trial.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Rhode Island to the amendment reported by
the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I move the adoption of the
resolution as amended. *
Mr. HENDRICKS. I shall not vote for
this resolution, for the reason that I do not be-
lieve in this proposition of issuing tickets. I
am in favor of letting every person go into the
gallery that chooses to go. I do not believe,
when the Senate is transacting public business
of great importance, that it is for us to dis-
criminate as to the persons who may come into
the gallery, and as a matter of personal comfort
I do not wish to have the charge of any tickets.
It will be more annoyance to Senators to have
four tickets each day for distribution than any
troublein the galleries can possibly be; and as
the reward is to the diligent in all the pursuits of
life I am in favor of allowing the diligent to
occupy the galleries. If, in the progress of the
trial, inconvenience should be found really to
exist, that can then be remedied. I think in
advance to say that but one portion of the
people shall be entitled to seats in the galleries,
and that on tickets to be given by Senators, is
objectionable and exceedingly disagreeable to
Senators. I do not wish to have the distribu-
tion of any of them unless the resolution shall
be adopted, which I hope will not be the case.
The resolutien, as amended, was agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives,by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 92) for the relief of Israel S. Diehl.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the joint resolution (S. R. No. 89)
providing for the representation of the United
States at the international maritime exhibi-
tion to be held at Havre, with amendments,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolution, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 204) to create and estab-
lish an assay office in the Territory of Idaho ;
A bill (H. R. No. 347) to amend an act to
divide the State of Illinois into two judicial
districts, approved February 13, 1855; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 228) relative
to the post office and sub-Treasury of the city
of Boston.
enrolled bilt, signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bill and joint resolution ; which were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore :
A bill (S. No. 2G8) for the relief of the legal
representatives of the late Philip R. Fendall,
deceased; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 102) instructing
the superintendent of the Asylum for the Insane
in the District of Columbia to admit James
Mcintosh on the same footing as indigent
insane persons of the District.
ii131rs op duncan l. clinch.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, the Senate in-
sisted upon its disagreement to the amendment
of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 308) for the relief of the heirs of the
late General Duncan L. Clinch, deceased, and
agreed to the conference asked for by the
House of Representatives on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, and by unani-
mous consent, the President pro tempore was
authorized to appoint the conferees on the part
of the Senate, and Messrs. IIowe, Fessenden,
aud Davis were appointed.
captured and abandoned property.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senatctheamendmentofthe House of Rep-
resentatives to the amendment of the Senate
to the joint resolution (II. R. No. 1!)) directing
that certain moneys now in the hands of the
United States Treasurer as special agent of the
Treasury Department be covered by warrant
into the United States Treasury.
The House of Representatives concurred in
the amendment"oT the Senate with an amend-
ment striking out the third section of the Senate
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Edmonds,] who offered that amend-
ment originally, is not in his seat, and I think
it had better lie on the table until he conies in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That course
will he pursued if there bo no objection.
international maritime exhibition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendments of the House of
Representatives to the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 89) providing for the representation of the
United States at the international maritime
exhibition to be held at Havre.
The amendments were in linetwelve, after the
word "shall," to insert "any mileage or other
expenses or;" and at the end of the resolution
to insert "nor shall any national or public
vessel be employed to convey the officers so
detailed to or from the place of such exhibi-
tion."
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate con-
cur in those amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 264) to locate and estab-
lish an assay office in the Territory of Idaho
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
The bill (H. R. No. 347) to amend an act to
divide the State of Illinois into two judicial
districts, approved February 13,.1855, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
011 the Judiijary.
post office at boston.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 228) relative
to the post office and sub-Treasury ot'the city
of Boston was read twice by its title.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of that joint resolu-
tion at this time. It has been informally con-
sidered by the Senate Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, and the emergency is such, I
think, as to justify the Senate in immediate
action upon it.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope it will be done.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Government have the
refusal of a property in Boston which expires
at the latter end of this month, and that refusal
is worth, I am told, eighty or ninety thousand
dollars, which will be lost to the Government
if action be not promptly had.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Has the measure
been considered by the committee?
Mr. RAMSEY. Informally.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator from
Maine will make no objection.
Mr. RAMSEY. This joint resolution has
been passed by the House of Representatives,
and considered by our committee informally.
By unanimous consent the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole*
It proposes to constitute the mayor and post-
master of the city of Boston, the Assistant
Treasurer of the United States at Boston, the
president of the Board of Trade of the city of
Boston, Alpheus Hardy, and Daniel Davis, of
Boston, a commission to purchase a site for a
building to accommodate the post office, sub-
Treasury, and publicofficesof the United States
in the city of Boston? in accordance with their
report submitted to the Postmaster General
and the Secretary of the Treasury, and by
them approved. The sum to be paid for the
purchase is not to exceed $500,000, and no
money is to be paid until the title to the prem-
ises shall have been passed upon and approved
by the United States district attorney for the
district of Massachusetts.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
executive session.
A message of an executive character was
received from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Moore, his Secretary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is now regularly
before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, for import-
ant reasons of public interest, already well
known to many Senators, I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is that likely
to occupy time?
Mr. SUMNER. I think not; I hope not;
but still it 13 important that there should be an
executive meeting, if only for five minutes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
had thought of that a few moments ago I
should have felt more impressed with the dec-
laration. I was urged a few moments ago to
give way for the passage of a private bill; and
now I am urged to give way utterly to the over-
whelming importance of a treaty or something
M°r. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will not
object. I think we had betterproceed at once
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suppose the,
motion is in order, and the Senate must decide
the question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts.
The motion was agreed to ; aud the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After half an hour spent in execu-
tive session the doors were reopened.
