2806
the mmmmmm-KL GLO®I.
these persons, therefore, were not'legal voters.
It is claimed by the sitting member, first, that
the law of March 3, 1865, from which this
result is claimed, is an unconstitutional law,
as applicable to these parties, because it is an
ex post facto law ; and secondly, if it be not
an ex post facto law, that no man is, for the
purpose of this discussion and this question, to
be decided an alien unless upon the conviction
of a court-martialappointed to try the question.
Mr. Speaker, both these positions, I appre-
hend, are untenable. I apprehend that the
reading of the statute itself, to a judicial mind,
must carry the conviction that it is applicable
to this man in no sense of ex post facto, and
that it is in no sense such a law that the effect
to be produced by it is only upon the result of
a conviction of an offense under it.
My distinguished friend from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Woodward,] late chief justice of that
State, put to me, coupling me with two other
members of the Committee of Elections on
our side, certain interrogatories yesterday, to
which he demanded a categorical answer; and
he announced to the House his conviction that,
notwithstanding this demand, no one of us would
venture to attempt an answer. Why we three
were selected of all this House I am unable to
say. If it was because he thought we should
appropriate to ourselves the kind terms in
which he addressed us to the exclusion of our
associates on the committee, even to the ex-
clusion of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Kerr,] who was standing by his side, and to
whom the whole drift of his remarks were just
as applicable as to ourselves, I am unable to
say. But I venture myself to attempt a reply,
and as my friend promised me that he would
give his vote for the contestant if I should sat-
isfy him that the reply I made was sound in
law, I enter upon it with the confidence that
•when the final vote shall be called" even his
name will be found recorded upon the side of
the law in this case and for the contestant.
The gentleman put his interrogatory sub-
stantially iti this way: "I hold in my hand the
opinion of the supreme court of Pennsylvania,
the highest tribunal in the State of Pennsylva-
nia, the only one that has put a construction
upon this law, and I put it to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] and to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
and to the learned gentleman from Veimont
[Mr. Polaxd] to answer me yea or nay whether
that opiuion is not binding upon them." 1 do
not know what the answer of either of my col-
leagues may be, but before I seek to answer it
I would really like, if I only had time, to have
the gentleman from Pennsylvania answer me
whether he really believes that upon a ques-
tion of the qualification and election of a mem-
ber of this House, upon which the Constitution
of the United States has made us sole judges,
that to the decision of the supreme court of
Pennsylvania even he is called upon to surren-
der his private judgment. Upon a question
upon which no law, save our own organic law,
can bind the private honest judgment of every
individual member of this House, he asks me
as a lawyer if I dare stand up and say to this
House that the decision of the supreme court
of Pennsylvania is not binding on me.
That is the first question. The next is this:
I suppose, Mr. Speaker, that the reason why my
friend thinks the d'ecision of the supreme court
of Pennsylvania is binding upon these three
unfortunate gentlemen here, is not because it is
the opinion of that particular tribunal, but be-
cause it is the opinion of the highest court of
judicature in one of the States of this Union.
Not that State any more than any other—just as
much as that State, or any other, and no more.
I have only to ask him if, when the supreme
court of the State of Wisconsin, the highest court
of judicature in that State, pronounced the fugi-
tive slave law unconstitutional, in his opinion
that decision was binding on him. And fol-
lowing out this line a little further, suppose
the supreme court of Ohio should pronounce
upon this very law just the opposite.decision
from that pronounced by the court of Penn- i
sylvania, would that be binding on him, tbo?
And how would we three gentlemen, who
stood up here to receive our lessons in this
way yesterday, he bound by the decision of
the supreme court of Pennsylvania one way,
and the decision of the supreme court of Ohio
the other way?% How would we vote? Would
we not be bound to look into the decision of
both those courts, constituted of learned and
high-minded judges, to see upon what ground
those decisions were made, and to give to
them such weight as our own judgments, our
own ideas of the law, should dictate to us
they were entitled to ?
Suppose I were to take the boob in which
that decision is into a court in Massachusetts,
and read it as an authority pending litigation
on this question in Massachusetts, would the
supreme court in Massachusetts listen to me
if I should tell them that it was binding even
on that court? Much less in this court, which
has its powers granted to it solely by the Con-
stitution, and which it cannot surrender to the
court in Pennsylvania, however high may be
the respect which we entertain for the indi-
vidual opinions of the members who consti-
tute that court. And, sir, it is just in that
light and to that end and to that extent
that the opinion read here by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania and by my colleague upon
the committee from Indiana is entitled to re-
spect, and it is not, in my opinion, entitled to
any of the respect which the gentleman from
Indiana sought to give to it by announcing to
this House that it was the unanimous opinion
of a court constituted of two Democrats and
three Republicans. Sir, it adds no weight to
a judgment of any court in this land, to my
mind, that the judges in pronouncing that judg-
ment have sunk the judge in the politician, If
there is anything from which I shrink in utter
disgust it is a political judge. The whole his-
tory of the jurisprudence in that country from
which we derive so large a share of our own
law and methods and procedure in courts of
justice is strewn thick with the wrecks of polit-
ical judges. Bacon fell by it; Macclesfield
fell by it; Loughborough dishonored himself
under it; the brilliant Charles Yorke, the idol
of his party and pride of the profession, tempted
to betray both of them by the glittering bauble
of the chancellorship, reached out his hand to
touch it and it fell lifeless by his side, and his-
tory has charitably drawn the mantle of mys-
tery over his fate. Mansfield, whenever he
descended from the bench and essayed the
paths of politics, was sure to slip ; within our
own day Westbury hid his head in shame and
retired from the bench endeavoring to conceal
his fall from the public gaze; and I ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania if in American
politics there is anything that gives better assur-
ance of a more successful trial of this experi-
ment on the part of the judiciary here than in
the Old World? Are the paths of politics here
less devious, less slimy, less fatal in their influ-
ence, upon the judicial character and upon the
ermine than in the Old World. Time, sir, will
determine; but to me, if anything can detract
from the weight of a judgment of a court it is
the announcement on the part of him who cites
it that it is the judgment of three Republicans
and two Democrats.
I have been led off into this digression by
the remark of the gentleman from Indiana. I
propose now to look at this judgment itself
and see how much weight it is entitled to by
the rule which I have laid down. But in point
of fact it was not, as stated by the gentleman
from Indiana yesterday, the unanimous judg-
ment of the five judges who constituted the
court. That was corrected by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] himself
this morning, as I understand, and the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania was a part of that
court, and can correct me if I am mistaken.
As I have always understood the history of
this decision it was that the court stood two
and two, finding its judicial conclusions squar-
ing -with its political bias, and one judge hov-
ering between the two, sometimes inclining to
the one side and sometimes to the* other, two
of these judges holding that this was anr ex
post facto, and, therefore, an unconstitutional
law, and two of them holding that it was not
an ex post facto, but a constitutional law,
capable of being enforced in the manner they
were seeking to enforce it, and one of them
holding the balance'between them, so that no
judgment could be rendered for a long time.
The Legislature of Pennsylvania, as some othe?
Legislatures have done, sought to relieve the
court of this dilemma, and put a legislative con-
struction upon that law, and they passed a
bill, which went into the hands of the Governor
at the close of the session, and lie, unwilling
to sign it and hoping for a judicial decision that
would relieve him from signing it, sought to
ascertain what was to be the judgment of the
court in vain for weeks and weeks, until the
court., putting the papers into the hands of this
judge who held the balance of power, told him
to make up a judgment; and he made up a
judgment just splitting the two questions,
deciding with one side that this was not an ex
post facto law, and with the other side that a
conviction must be had before the judgment
could be rendered, and therefore joining the
gentleman from Pennsylvania and his colleague
on that point, the judgment was rendered. That
is the weight to which that judicial decision is
entitled—a decision which is paraded here, my
friend from Pennsylvania will pardou me for
saying, by himself, one of those who constituted
the learned tribunal, and be dared his colleagues
here upon this floor, his peers in everything
pertaining to private judgment, his peers in
everything except in learning and ability—with
his own opinion thus promulgated in the court
of Pennsylvania in his hand, he asks us, with
an assurance that rises to sublimity, whether
we dare say we are not bound by that opiuion
of his.
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. DAWES. If I am not cut short in my
time I will.
Mr. WOODWARD. Of course not.
Mr. DAWES. I will yield with the under-
standing that my time will not bo cut short
by it.
The SPEAKER. That would require
unanimous consent.
No objection was made.
Mr. DAWES. T yield to the gentleman.
Mr. WOODWARD. As the gentleman has
undertaken to answer a question which 1 sub-
mitted to him with great respect, which I sub-
mitted to him, because of my great respect,
without any such word or thought of such
word as'• dare," or "challenge,'' 1 would like
to remind the gentleman what the question
was. Since he has answered questions I did
not ask, I would be glad if he would address
himself to questions 1 did ask.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will not
leap before he gets to the stile, I will endeavor
to answer the question he put.
Mr. WOODWARD. I submitted with great
respect to the gentleman and to his colleagues,
a question which I thought was a fair o^e. I
certainly intended no indignity in submitting
the question ; it was submitted in terms wnieh
were respectful. This assault upon me. grow-
ing out of that fact, is not an answer to my
question.
If the gentleman will allow me I will restate
the question. It is this : whether, where the
construction of a statute is involved m any pio-
cceding. the judicial opinion as to the orean-
ing of that statute is not the rule by which the
statute is to be read in all cases and hv all
bodies? My argument was that statute law is
to be understood and received as the judicial
tribunals of the country construe and expound
it. In this particular instance no other judi-
cial tribunal than the supreme court of' Penn-
sylvania having had occasion to expound this
statute, that particular decision was cited for
that reason ; not because of any exalted claims
set up on behalf of that court, but for the simple
reason that that was the only judicial tribunal
