282
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 20,
Senate.
Beconstruction—Mr. Davis.
40tii Cong.... 2d Sess.
more than one of the cases evidence was offered on
the part of the defense similar to the testimony
offered in the circuit court and lor the same purposo;
that is, for the purpose of showing that the proposed
constitution had been adopted by the people ot
Rhode Island, and had, therefore, become the estab-
lished government, and consequently that the parties
accused were doing nothing more than their duty in
endeavoring to support it."
Again:
"But the courts [of Rhode Island] uniformly held
that the inquiry proposed to bo made belongs to the
political power and not to the judicial: that it rested
with the political power to decide whether thecharter
government hod been displaced or not, and when
that decision was made the judicial department
would be bound to take notice of it as the paramount
law of the Sate without the aid of process or the ex-
amination of witnesses: that according to the laws
and institutions of Rhode Island no such change had
been recognized by the political power; and that the
chartor government was the lawful and established
government of the State during the period in contest,
and that those who were in arms against it were in-
surgents and liable to punishment.
"This doctrine is clearly and foroibly^stated in the
opinion of the supreme court of the State against
Thomas W. Dorr, who was the Governor elected
under the opposing constitution, and who headed
the armed force which endeavored to maintain its
authority." ********
" The point then ruled has been clearly decided by
the courts of Rhode Island. The question relates
altogether to the constitution and laws of that State,
and the well-settled rule in this court is, that the
courts of the United States adopt and follow the de-
cisions of the State courts in questions which concern
merely the constitutions and laws of the States.
" Moreover, the Constitution of the United States,
so far as it has provided for an emergency of this kind,
and authorized the General government to interfere
in the domestic concerns of a State, has treated the
subjcct as political in its nature, and placed the
power in the hands of that department.
"The fourth section of the fourth article of the
Constitution of the United States provides that the
United States shall guaranty to every State in the
Union a republican form of Government, and shall
protect each of them against invasion; and, on.the
application of the Legislature or of the Executive,
(when the Legislature cannot be convened,) against
domestic violence.
" Under this article of the Constitution it rests with
Congress to decide what government is the estab-
lished one in a State; for as the United States guar-
antee to each State a republican government, Con-
gress must necessarily decide what government is
established in a State before it can determine whether
it is republican or not.
"And when the Senators and Representatives of a
State are admitted into the councils of the Union the
authority of the government under which they are
appointed, as well as its republican character, is rec-
ognized by the proper constitutional authority; and
the decision is binding on every other Department
of the Government, and could not be questioned in a
judicial tribunal. It is true that the contest in this
case did not last long onough to bring the matter to
this issue, and as no Senators or Representatives
were clected under the authority of the Government
of which Mr. Dorr was the head, Congress was not
called upon to decide the controversy. Yet the right
to decide is placed there, and not in the courts.
"So, too, as relates to the clause in the above-men-
tioned article of the Constitution, providing forcases
of domestic violence. It rested with Congress, too,
to determine upon the means proper to be adopted
to fulfill this guarantee. They might, if they Inid
deemed it most advisable to do so, have placed it in
the power of a court to decide when the contingency
had happened which required the Federal Govern-
or nt to interfere. But Congress thought otherwise,
and no doubt wisely; and by the act of February 28,
1795, provided that, 'in case of an insurrection in
any State against the government thereof, it shall bo
lawful of the President of the United States, on
application of the Legislature of such State or of the
Executive (when the Legislature cannot be convened)
to call forth such number of the militia of any other
State or States, as may be applied for, as he may
judge sufficient to suppress such insurrection.
"By this act the power of deciding whether the
exigency had arisen upon which the Government of
the United States is bound to interfere is given to
the President. He is to act upon the application of
the Legislature or of the Executive, and conse-
quently he must determine what body of men con-
st itute the Legislature and who is the Governor before
he can act. Tue fact that both parties chum the
right of the government cannot alter the case, for
both cannot be entitled to it. If there is an armed
conflict, like the one of which we are speaking, it is
a ease of domestic violence, and one of the parties
must be in insurrection against the lawful govern-
ment. And the President must of necessity decide
which is the government and which party is unlaw-
fully arrayed against it before he can perloim the
duty imposed upon him by the act of Congress.
"It is true that in tins case the militia were not
called out by the President. But upon the applica-
tion of the Governor under the charter government,
the President recognized him as the executive power
of the State, and took measures to call out the mili-
tia to support his authority if it should be found
necessary fcr the General Government to interfere;
and it is admitted in the argument, that it was the
knowledge of this decision that put an end to the
armed opposition to the charter government, and
prevented any further efforts to establish by force
tho proposed constitution. The interference of the
President, therefore, by announcing his determina-
tion, was as effectual as if the militia had been as-
sembled under his orders. And it should be equally
as authoritative. For, certainly no court of the Uni-
ted States, with a knowh dge of this decision, would
have been justified in recognizing theopposing party
as the lawful government; or in treating as wrong
doors or insurgents tho officers of tho government
which the President had recognized, and was pre-
pared to support by armed force. In the case of for-
eign nations tho Government acknowledged by the
President is always recognized in the courts of jus-
tice. And this principle lias been applied by the act
of Congress to the sovereign States of the Union.
" It is said that this powcrin the President is dan-
gerous to liberty, and may bo abused. All power way
be abused ifplaccd in unworthy hands. But it would
be difficult, we think, to point out any othor hands
in which this power would be more safe and at the
same time equally effectual. When citizens of the
same State aie in arms against each other, and the
constituted authorities unable to execute the laws, the
interposition of the United States must be prompt, or
it is of little value. The ordinary course of proceed-
ings in courts of justice would be utterly unlit for the
crisis.. And the elevated office of the President, chosen
as ho is by the people of tho United States, and the
high responsibility he would not fail to leel when
acting in a case of so much moment, appear to fur-
nish as strong safeguards against a willful abuse of
power as human prudence and foresight could well
provide. At all events, it is conferred upon him by
the Constitution and laws of the United States, and
must therefore be respected and enforced in its judi-
cial tribunals.
" A question very similar to this arose in the case
of Martin vs. Mott, (12 Wharton. 20.) The first clause
of the first section of the act of February 28, 1795, of
which wo have been speaking, authorizes the Presi-
dent to call out the militia to repel invasion. It is
the second clause in the same scction which author-
izes the call to suppress an insurrection against a
State Government. The power given to the Presi-
dent in each case is tho same, with this difference
only, that it cannot be exercised by him in the latter
case, except upon the application of the Legislature
orcxccutive of the State. Thecaseabove-nientioncd
arose out of a call made by the President, by virtue
of the power conferred by the first clause; and the
court said that whenever a statute gives a discre-
tionary power to be exercised by him upon his own
opinion of certain facts, it is asound rule of construc-
tion, that the statute constitutes him thesoie and ex-
clusive judge of the existence of thoso facts.' The
grounds upon which that opinion is maintained, aie
set forth in the report, and we think are conclusive.
The same principle applies in tho case now before
the court.5'
These positions are clcarly ruled by this
opinion. What is the government of a State,
and who are the persons administering it, is a
political question, and is to be decided by the
political power of the government of the State
and the United States. When the political
power of the State has decided that question,
the decision is binding upon its courts; and
after it has been ruled by those courts the
Supreme Court of the United States will adopt
ana follow their decision.
That under the Constitution and law of 1795,
the President alone has the absolute and un-
appealable power to decide that question for
the United States, and his decision is binding
on all the departments of the Government;
and that in the contest between the charter
and Dorr governments of Rhode Island the
President, without any intervention by Con-
gress, did decide that question in favor of
the charter government—his decision is ap-
proved by the courts. That when the Sena-
tors and Representatives of a State are ad-
mitted into the councils of the Union, .the
authority of the government under which they
are appointed, as well as its republican char-
acter, is recognized by the proper constitu-
tional authority.
The principles recognized by the Supreme
Court in this case utterly explode the power of
Congress to pass the reconstruction measures.
The court does not give any precise definition
of u political questions1' or "the political
power'' of the Government: but it treats both
Congress and the President as that political
power. Besides the legislative powers, all that
are vested specially in Congress are to propose
amendments to the Constitution and to admit
new States into the Union; while in addition
to the internal executive powers, the President
holds the national intercourse with foreign
Governments, recognizes their political exist-
ence, and, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, makes treaties and nominates
and appoints embassadors, other public minis-
ters and consuls, fixes the position of our dis-
puted boundaries, and decides for our Govern-
ment what are the possessions of foreign Pow-
ers. It is not material to# the measure before
the Senate to decide what is the political power
of our Government, aad where it is vested;
but there is as much reason to contend that it
is in the President as in Congress ; it is prob-
ably correct to say it belongs partly to both.
After the surrender of Lee and Johnston and
the submission of all the insurgents, and when
there was no longer an arm raised by them,
against the United States, the people who had
been in the rebellion, were properly exhorted
by the President to rehabilitate their State gov-
ernments and to resume their proper relations
with the Government of the United States.
They severally called conventions, which took
up the constitutions and governments that they
had before the insurrection, repealed their
ordinances of secession, and renounced its prin-
ciple, abolished slavery within their limits, re-
pudiated their debts created by their rebellion,
and adopted the thirteenth amendment of the
Constitution, which abolished slavery through-
out the United States.
RECOGNITION OP SOUTHERN STATES BY THE GOVERN-
MENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
During the whole war the United States
Government, by all its departments, not only
recognized the States which had attempted to
secede as being cle jure States in the Union,
butalso steadily and truthfully maintained the
position that their ordinances of secession were
null and void; that the people who had risen
in their support were insurgents, and the con-
flict on the part of the United States was for
no other purpose than to hold those States in
the Union, and to reduce their people to the
laws and authority of the United States, de-
claring the war was then to terminate. After
the rebellion had broken out, and before the
surrender of Lee and Johnston, Congress passed
laws to apportion representation and direct
taxes among all the States, including those that
had passed ordinances of secession ; to lay
off the States, comprehending the whole, into
circuits for holding the United States courts by
the judgesof the Supreme Court; and another
law reducing the number and increasing the
extent of those circuits; and has passed other
laws to remove suits pending in the State courts
in those States into the United States courts \
to establish widely over them post offices and
post routes ; to change the places of holding
the United States courts in Tennessee and Vir-
ginia ; admitting West Virginia as a State into
the Union, and reciting in the act that the
State of Virginia had given her consent to the
erection of the new State within her jurisdic-
tion. Congress also submitted the thirteenth
and fourteenth propositions to amend the Con-
stitution to all the States, including the rebel
States, and in the latter submitted a special
proposition to them.
Andsew Johnson, President of the United
States, was a Senator from Tennessee at the
beginning of the insurrection, and was admitted
and welcomed to his seat for three successive
sessions, as Maynaup and Clements were ad-
mitted as Representatives at the same time;
and Senator Johnson was appointed military
governor of Tennessee by President Lincoln,
and afterward nominated and elected Vice
President by the Republican party.
At the session of Congress beginning in De-
cember, 1861,Car)ile and Willey appeared at
the bar of the Senate as Senators from the
State of Virginia, and elected after her ordi-
nance of secession had been passed. Their
admission was resisted. The question was
debated, and their right sustained by an almost
unanimous vote, including every Republican
Senator. Carlile attended each session of
the Senate until the expiration of his term,
