3830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
upon his trial before a jury of the country,
propose to send liim to the penitentiary because
he has manufactured a gallon of whisky con-
trary to law ; can you convict him before that
jury as you can for the offense of forgery or of
murder? Sir, there is something in the minds
of that jury that influences their action, and
they will not convict him of that crime with
the readiness that they would of a crime that
they regarded of greater criminality.
Mr. MORTON. I want to suggest to my
friend, with his permission, that the responsi-
bility cannot be laid upon the jurors, because,
so far as trials have taken place, the jurors have
done their duty so far as we know. The re-
sponsibility cannot be placed on them.
Mr. WILLIAMS. So far as we know from
what has transpired we know nothing about
that. The distinguished Senator made a very
eloquent speech; but where were his facts?
He denounced the district attorneys and the
judges, and he talked about the corruptions
of officials, and about the few convictions that
had occuri'ed, and about the acquittals, and
all that sort of thing; but where were the
facts? I know, and can call to mind, cases
where men have been tried for violations of
this law, and were acquitted, case after case;
where the same individual was put upon his
trial for violation of the revenue laws and was
acquitted because the jury, to some extent,
sympathized with the feeling that prevailed
everywhere, that it is a law too severe and too
harsh to consign a man to the penitentiary for
making whisky, or buying or selling whisky
contrary to law.
Now, sir, I believe that our true policy would
be to reduce this whisky tax to twenty-five
cents per gallon; and my reason for that is
that it is necessary to destroy the system that
has been organized for the purpose of defraud-
ing the revenue. That can only be destroyed
by removing the inducement for its continu-
ance.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then fifty cents does not
do it?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not say that. I
say that twenty-five cents would offer a less
temptation than fifty cents; and fifty cents cer-
tainly offers a less temptation than two dollars.
Will the honorable Senator pretend to say that
fifty cents a gallon is an equal temptation to
two dollars per gallon for tliG commission of
crime? For the same reason you might say
that $1,000 is an equal temptation to $10,000
for the commission of any crime. I say that
the temptation to commit this crime is to that
extent removed.
Then, again, with this reduction of the tax
honest men can engage in the business of dis-
tilling. Now it is well known to every man
who is disposed to be honest in this business
that he cannot prosecute it with success and
pay his two dollars per gallon tax on whisky;
while it is selling in open market for ninety
cents per gallon. That is an utter impossi-
bility, and every man knows it; therefore, no
honest man undertakes to follow that business
at this time. The consequence of this tax of
two dollars has been to drive every honest man
out of the business and put it into the hands
of rogues and rascals ; men who disregard the
laws of the country.
I say that honest men can engage in this
business with this reduced tax. and they will
he prompted—and that accords with the expe-
rience of the country upon all subjects of this
nature—they will be prompted to pursue and
prosecute those men who are disposed to vio-
late the law, and thus defeat them in their
business. Make this tax fifty cents or twenty-
five cents, and you make every honest distiller
in the country a prosecutor of the criminal, j
Let ar.y man invest twenty five or fit'y thousand |
dollars in the business of distilling, with the !
tax of twenty-five or fifty cents, and that man j
is interested in prosecuting every one who |
undertakes to manufacture whisky without pay- I
ing the tax, and so defraud the revenue and ;
linn in the transaction of his business. j
Bui now iij such men ar.; !n the bu-ino-'j : !
they are all out of the business, and the prose-
cution of those criminals is left to the hands
of the officials of the country, many of whom
are confessedly either incompetent or dishon-
est and do not enforce the laws.
It has been said that this is a shameful con-
fession. Is it true that when Congress makes
a mistake, and the experience of the country
demonstrates that mistake beyond all contro-
versy, Congress, from a feeling of pride and
consistency, is to say, " We will not correct it,
because it is a shameful acknowledgment,"
more shameful, perhaps, on account of the blun-
der that Congress made than for any other
reason ? All countries have been compelled to
make this acknowledgment. Is it shameful to
acknowledge the truth? Do wenotknowthat
this revenue from whisky has decreased from
twenty or thirty millions down to $13,000,000
per annum ? Is not that a fact? May we not
properly recognize that fact and act upon it?
And if there be aremedyis it not our duty and
our business to apply that remedy? We have
tried every other expedient; we have amended
law after law; we have superadded penitentiary
to fine; we have been improving and elabo-
rating this machinery year after year ; and
still the decrease in the revenue collected goes
on. If there be any remedy whatever it lies
in the reduction of the rate of tax.
I am satisfied that the men who are inter-
ested in the present, state of things, the whisky
ring, are working to keep this tax at two dol-
lars per gallon, for the reason that they can
make $1,000 while it continues at two dollars
where they can make $100 when it is fifty
cents a gallon. They know they can defraud
the Government and defeat the collection of
this tax, no matter what your machinery may
be, so long as you keep it at two dollars a
gallon ; and they are interested in keeping this
tax at its present figure, so that, they can make
their business profitable and flourish as they
have flourished.
I think, Mr. President, without protracting
these remarks, that we ought, at any rate, to
try this experiment; that we ought to try this
reduction of the tax; and I should be ready
and willing to reduce it to twenty-five cents at
this time ; commence with that, and then after
the system is broken up, after the thieves have
been driven out of the business, after distill-
ing has gone into the hands of honest men and
the}' are established under the protection of
the law, you could add five, ten, or fifteen cents
wi'li perfect propriety to the tax, and it, would
hp paid and collected.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator from Ohio
said that, no country collected a tax so large
as we now impose on whisky. He said also
that, the machinery of this bill was made
for the collection of a tax of fifty cents and
not of two dollars. I had in the beginning of
the session a good deal of conversation with
the chairman of the Committee of Wavs and
Means in the other House, and I understood
from him that he was preparing the machinery
of a bill which would collect the two dollars ;
and he said to me in the most positive terms
that no other bill should pass with his appro-
bation than that which did collect the two dol-
lars a gallon, because, as he said, he believed
that the tax would be paid willingly by the
honest manufacturer of whisky, and that all
the other schemes were in favor of the dis-
honest ones.
On the other point, we know that in Eng-
land, whose habits wo have acquired to some
extent, they collect ten shillings a gallon on
their spirits, which are the same as our whisky,
and that is about, two dollars and forty cents
of our currency.
Mr. COLE. Three dollars and forty cents.
Mr. CAMERON. Add the difference be-
tween gold and paper, it may be that.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the imperial gal-
lon, a higher proof, about the same as two
dollars here.
Mr. CAMERON. I take it for granted, as
they pay on gallons there, the opportunity
Aouid oe about the same. Iha^esaul nothing
against, the integrity of the district attorneys
or the judges. I believe they have generally
done their duty faithfully and wisely. I think
there have been very few convictions; but
latterly, under the legislation of the present
session, five or six men have been sentenced
to*the penitentiary. Before the legislation of
this session nobody was convicted of an offense.
My belief is that all we want to secure the col-
lection of the revenue is to make offenses
against the law odious.
The Senator from Oregon says that nobody
allows a murderer to go into society, and
nobody allows a highway robber to go into
society, but that itis different with men guilty
of offenses under the revenue laws. He for-
gets that not one of these men will admit that
he has been committing offenses against the
law, because to a well-regulated mind the vio-
lation of any law of the country is a crime,
whether it be murder or theft; and if you make
the violation of the law in this case so offensive
that every man who has committed it shall be
sent to the penitentiary there shall be a mark
on his children and his grandchildren for all
time to come, because their parent or grand-
parent has served a number of years in the
penitentiary as a felon, because he violated the
law, then you will make that violation of the
law disagreeable and offensive, and men will
not be willing to undertake it.
I have no doubt that the man who has com-
mitted an offense against the law, with the tax
at two dollars a gallon, will do it with the
tax at fifty or twenty-five cents. We often
hear of robberies being committed for fifty
dollars. A poor old woman, not long ago, in
my State, living in her hut, was murdered to
get the little savings of her life, which were
fifty or sixty dollars. It is not the amount,
but the inclination to commit these offenses,
the moral turpitude which is in the mind that
makes the felon.
Then, again, as I said yesterday, we give up
all the power we have as a party by admitting
that we are unfit to carry out the laws which
we have enacted. We talk about the offenses
against the laws on the part of this Adminis-
tration. If we believe that, we ought not to
give them the power to offend the law and to
put the money into the hands of their friends.
These offenses are committed daily by men
who desire to make money. It is not because
they are Democrats or Itepublieans or any-
thing else, but because they desire to defraud
the Government, which is easiest defrauded.
As I stated a while ago, 1 know cases which
have been settled by Government officers, and
1 believe that the great cause of the opposition
to the lawand the offenses against it is because
the men here in Washington have had the
power to make settlements. It is not the
small men in Kentucky who make whisky out
of their own corn that are the robbers of the
Treasury; but it is the men in New York and
in Philadelphia, and probably in Boston, and
in Cincinnati, and in Richmond and Baltimore
that have been the great offenders against the
law. These men in large cities are hidden
from public observation; they commit these
offenses in their cellars and their garrets; and
they say " If I am caught, some member of
Congress will go and say it is a petty offense,
not one for which a man ought to be putin
the penitentiary ; you are my constituent, and
yon will vote for me probably, and therefore
I will get you out of this trouble." That is the
cause of the difficulty.
Sir, having made the law, we ought to give
it a fair trial; and as members of this great
progressive party we ought not to admit that
we will take the burdens off these thieves and
robbers and put them upon the honest manu-
facturers of other products. Then, again,
the whisky ring own the whisky in bond,"and
there are twenty-five million gallons now in
bond, on which the Government is entitled to
$50,000,000. You make them a present of
that., for the great head of that ring coming
herefrom Cincinnati and now controlling things
in New York to make a foitune cut of, lie
