1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that had had occasion to pass upon this ques-
tion.
Now, the question I submitted to the gentle-
man with great respect, not as a challenge, but
because of his learning, was whether, as a gen-
eral principle, all meu and all bodies having to
deal with statute law were not bound to accept
that statute in the sense in which the judicial
tribunals of the country has expounded it V To
that question the gentlemau has not addressed
himself at all.
Mr. DAWES. Inasmuch as the gentleman
says the court, of which he constituted an im-
portant part, was the only one that put this
construction upon this statute, he puts the
question to me whether I am not bound to take
as my law here his construction in the State of
Pennsylvania.
Mr. WOODWARD. I beg the gentleman's
pardon ; I know it is very easy to so restate a
question as to evade it. But the question I put
was a distinct one. Is not this House and are
not all other men having to do with that statute
bound to take it as the judicial tribunals of the
country have expounded it? That is my ques-
tion in substance and almost in form.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman desired to
put that question to me, not merely as an ab-
stract question, but as having some reference
to what he was himself talking about, then I
say to him that, so far as it has any applica-
tion to the question under discussion, 1 have
.answered it. So far as the abstract question is
concerned, when the highest tribunal of the
land shall have put its construction upon this
statute, then I will be governed by it. But in
this forum, for this forum, and for the judgment
of every member of this forum, there is no
tribunal above it.
Mr. WOODWARD. That is true, so far as
deciding upon the qualifications of members is
concerned. Bat when in this forum the mean-
ing of the statute is the question which is in
issue, is not the judicial opinion conclusive
upon this forum ? That is my question.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I wish to dis-
abuse the mind of the gentleman. There was
not the slightest intention on my part to utter
a word that he would take to himself as offen-
sive. I do not fall behind any man in the
respect I entertain for the gentleman individ-
ually and as a judge. I know two members
of the court that delivered this opinion which
I hold in my hand—-the gentleman who pre-
pared the opinion, and the learned gentleman
from Pennsylvania; and for them both, as
judges and individuals, I entertain the highest
respect. But when the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Kerb] insists that I shall add to the
respect which 1 have accorded to their learn-
ing and private worth deference for their polit-
ical sentiment, what I have said with regard
to the mingling of politics with the judicial
character becomes appropriate as illustrating
the history of all such attempts in the Old
World and in this; and similar, I predict, will
be the fate of every judge of any standing who
shall undertake to carry at the same time the
judicial ermine, and the dirty, draggled mantle
of politics.
1 now proceed to consider the other point
which the gentleman from Pennsylvania desired
me to answer. He says that this act of 1865
is a law divesting every man to whom it applies
of rights of which, under the Constitution, he
cannot be deprived without due process of law.
He argues that to declare that a man who has
once been a citizen shall, if he comes within
the definition of the statute, cease to be a citi-
zen without being tried and condemned by a
competent court, is to deprive him of his liberty
without due process of law. But, sir, in taking
this position, the gentleman wholly misunder-
stands what this law is. It is no such thing as
the gentleman claims it to be. It is no law
imposing a penalty ; it is no law constituting a
new crime ; it is no law authorizing the depriv-
ation of a man's property, liberty, or life for
any act which he may do in violation of it. It
is founded upon the principle recognized in
this House, more particularly during the pres-
ent session than at any former time, but always
recognized in this land, and constituting at this
moment the basis of our complaints on bosh
sides of the House; I mean the principle that
a man has a right by his own act to renounce
his citizenship. We all acknowledge the prin-
ciple that a man owing allegiance to any nation
on the face of the earth has the right volunta-
rily to renounce his citizenship. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward J him-
self recognized this principle in an amendment
which he offered to the bill reported from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs to secure the
rights of American citizens.
The gentleman's amendment provided—
" That whenever any citizen of the United States,
whether native-born or naturalized, shall remove
his domicile to a foreign country in good faith, and
with the intention of becoming a citizen or subject
theieof, and shall become naturalized under the laws
of said foreign country, he shall be considered as
having abjured his allegiance to the Government of
the United States, with the consent of the said Gov-
ernment, and all claims of the said Government upon
the allegiance of said citizen shall forever cease and
determine."
Thus the gentleman proposed to incorporate
into our laws a provision that a certain thing
done by a citizen of the United States shall be
taken and deemed to be a renunciation of his
citizenship.
Then the Committee on Foreign Affairs, not
to be outdone by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, put the declaration in alittle stronger
language:
" That if any naturalized citizen of the United
States shall return to Ins native country with intent
to resume his domicile therein; or if any citizen shall
leave the United States with the intention of perma-
nent residence in any foreign State; or shall fail to
make annual return of his property for taxation to
the assessor of internal revenue for the district of the
United States in which said citizen last resided; or
shall engage as army or navy belligerent in any lor-
eign war or service, such citizen shall not be entitled
to the interposition ot the Government in his behalf
under the provisions of this act."
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Van" Thump,]
undertaking to go still further, introduced an
amendment, which I do not happen to have
before me, but which provided that if a citizen
of the United States should perform certain
acts he should be deemed to have voluntarily
renounced his citizenship. And the gentlemau
from Rhode island, who always states liis
propositions with most admirable clearness,
presented a measure affirming still more clearly
the same principle, the right of a man to re-
nounce his citizenship and the right of Con-
gress to declare that when a cilizeu does cer-
tain acts they shall be deemed a renunciation
of citizenship.
The late Attorney General of the United
States, Mr. Black, has put this still stronger.
He says:
"There is no statute''—
There was no statute at the time he gave his
opinion.
"There is no statute or other law of the United
States which prevents either a native"—
There is no statute now to that effect—
" which prevents a native or naturalized citizen from
severing his political connection with this Govern-
ment if he sees proper to do it in time of peace. There
is no mode of renunciation prescribed."
There was then no law ; there is now.
"In my opinion, if he emigrates, carries his family
and effects with him, ic., this would imply dissolu-
tion of his previous relations with the U mted States.'
Bearing this in mind, if the House pleases,
this doctrine avowed by every gentleman upon
the floor, and which has passed into law so far
as this House is concerned, with one, two, or
three dissenting voices, that a man could vol-
untarily renounce his citizenship, and that by
doing certain acts they shall be deemed to
renounce all citizenship, let me read this law
and see what it exactly does. It does this and
no more. It says if a citizen of the United
States shall do this, that, and the other, he
fhall be deemed to have severed his relations
with the United States.
Mr. WOODWARD. It says these are addi-
tional penalties.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will listen
to me until I get through, lie will be satisfied,
if he can be. The law says:
" That in addition to the other lawful penalties of
the crime of desertion from tho military or naval
service'5—
That is, in addition to doing something else
already prescribed. Now mark. We do not
touch the penalties for the crime of desertion.
We leave them just as they are. It says in
addition:
"All persons who have deserted the military or
naval service of the United States, who shall not
return to said service or report themselves to a pro-
vost marshal within sixty days atter the proclama-
tion hereinatter mentioned, shall be deemed and
taken to have voluntarily relinquished and forfeited
their rights of citizenship and their right to become
citizens; and such deserters shall be forever inca-
pable of holding any office of trustor profit under the
United States, or of efefcising any rights of citizens
thereof; and all persons who shall hereafter desert
the military or naval service, and all persons who
being duly enrolled shall depart the jurisdiction of
the district in which he is enrolled, or go beyond tho
limits of the United States with intent to avoid any
draft into the military or naval service duly ordered,
shall be liable to the penalties of this section."
This is what they shall do. It is told them
beforehand, "here are certain acts, and if you
do them the law, as here enacted, tells you
what they are evidence of." It is precisely
what passed in the bill this session of Congress.
In the State of Massachusetts, and in every
other State of the Union, there is prescribed a
certain term of residence in the State and town
before a man can vote. In the State of Mas-
sachusetts a man must reside six months pre-
vious to the election in the town where he
attempts to vote. Suppose I move out of the
town I live in and take up my residence for
a month previous to the day of election in a
neighboring town, the State of Massachusetts
has, by law, declared if I do that 1 shall be
taken and deemed to have voluntarily relin-
quished my right to vote in that town. That
is what the State of Massachusetts _ says.^ 1
venture that is what every State in this U"nion
has enacted—enacted beforehand, that if you
do certain things they shall be construed to be
evidence that you have renounced and given
tip your right of citizenship. Alter doing that,
when I appear at the polls and before the judges
of election and my vote is challenged, does the
gentleman from Pennsylvania stand up in my
behalf and say, ''The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts has not been indicted and convicted,
and he is still a voter in the town, becausehe
has not been indicted and convicted ot leaving
that town?" There is no provision of law
under which I am to be indicted for not com-
ing back to the town and remaining there.
There is no provision for trying a man by
court-martial for not having returned^ within
sixty days under this proclamation. There is
an independent law ptoviding for this trial by
court-martial for his original desertion ; but
if he does not return to the service winch he
owes to the Government within sixty days
then he is to be taken and deemed to nave lett
his citizenship behind him. That is what this
law means ; that is what is provided. The
idea that he is to be convicted of not having
came back in 1866 by a court-martial or under
a United States court before the question can
be tried at the polls whether he is a voter or
not is an absurdity. "ftlien he comes to the
polls, and he is an alien, he stands on ail fours
with every other alien, and it is a question of
fact, both with him and with the son of the
Emerald Isle, who may walk with him arm in
arm. It is a question of fact to be determined
by the judge of elections—and for that purpose
he is put there—whether he has about him any
disqualification. A is disqualified because he
was never naturalized ; B because he did not
return within sixty days; C because lie has
a "visible admixture of African blood;' D
because he is a minor ; E beeause he went to
reside in another town for the space of one
month. That disposes of this question.
Mr. Speaker, there is an analogy m the laws
of the United States and in the laws ot Ohio.
The law of Ohio does provide that upon con-
viction for bribery, and for certain other crimes
specified, any man shall be disqualified; i. e.,
