1868.]
40th Cong....2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
Reconstruction—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
which was after the surrender of Lee and
Johnston. The organization of West Virginia
into a new State removed Wilusy as a Senator
from Virginia 111 1852, when Bowden was
elected as his successor, admitted, and con-
tinued to act as her Senator until his death.
The House of Representatives admitted .Rep-
resentatives from the State of Virginia to the
Tiiirty-Seventh Congress.
The judges of the Supreme Court allotted
among themselves the several circuits compre-
hending the rebel States, as they were organ-
ized by acts of Congress both before and since
the capitulation of Lee and Johnston. It has
tried cases coming up to it from the insurgent
States prior and'subsequent to the suppres-
sion of the rebellion ; and its judges have held
courts and issued writs of habeas corpus and
other process operating within those States
from the time of the proclamation of the
President declaring the rebellion to be sup-
pressed.
GENERAL CONCLUSIONS.
From that time the President has extended
and put into operation the post office and in-
ternal revenue systems, with their extensive
machinery, all over those States, and, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, has
appointed in them judges, marshals, assessors,
collectors, custom house and other officers, as
in the other States, who have been regularly
paid their salaries from the Treasury of the
United States.
It is thus shown that the Government of the
United States, by all its departments, in mul-
tiform and important official acts extending
through six years and up to the time of the
inauguration of the reconstruction policy in
March last, had* recognized that the southern
States were States in the Union and had gov-
ernments of a republican lortn.
Mr. President, I believe I have demonstrated
these positions to be true :
1. That the States and^«fc governments are
an essential part of the machinery of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and cannot be
expunged or suspended by it.
2. That it is as much the duty of the Gov-
ernment of the United States to defend, pre-
serve, and protect the States and their govern-
ments as its own particular organization.
8. That in our system, forfeiture and all other
punishment are personal visitations, and could
not be inflicted upon theStates without disorder
and revolution.
4. That Congress has power to admit new
States info the Union, and when a State is ad-
mitted that power is exhausted, and the State
is one of the States of the Union until she is
displaced by successful revolution.
5. That the guarantee by the United States
to every State of a republican form of govern-
ment, confers upon Congress no power to make
the government, but only to require its people
to make a republican government: and a gov-
ernment substantially similar to those of the
States when the Constitution was adopted
conies up to this constitutional standard.
G. That all the States, including those in-
volved in the rebellion, up to the time of then-
respective ordinances of secession, had gov-
ernments republican in form.
7. That secession is without any authority
in the Constitution, and the attempt of the
southern States and,their people to secede was
to make a revolution under another name; and
having failed is wholly null and without effect.
8. That the whole power of the Government
in relation to the rebellion was simply to sup-
press it; and that this power was to be ex-
ecuted by Congress and the President, and
was exhausted by the suppression of the rebel-
lion, and thereupon all other power over the
rebels rested with the courts and the laws.
9. That upon the suppression of the rebel-
lion, by the force and etf'ect of the Constitution
and the universal principle of post liminy, the
jurisdiction of the U nited States iu the States
from which it had been excluded, and the gov-
ernments, laws, and institutions of the States
as to persons and tilings in them, were, without
any legislation. State or Federal, restored to
the same condition in which they were before
the rebellion.
10. That after the suppression the people of
the southern States set .up their preexisting
governments, submitted fully and according to
the Constitution to tlie authority of the United
States, called conventions, declared null and
void their ordinances of secession, repudiated
their rebel debts, and adopted the amendment
of the Constitution abolishing slavery through-
out the United States.
11. That those modified governments of the
southern States were republican in form, and
more popular than their previous governments,
and theStates; that those governments were
recognized by the United States acting by Con-
gress, the President, and the Supreme Court
severally in many official acts, and that neither
of those departments can now take ground that
they are not States in the Union.
AGGRESSIVE AND USURPING TENDENCY OF CONGRESS.
Why, then, Mr. President, has the deranged
condition of our country, of its Government,and
all its affairs not only continued, but progress-
ively augmented as to have become almost
unendurable? What is the disturbing and ma-
lign power that still continues to defeat general
peace, order, prosperity, liberty, and security
upon the principles of the Constitution? It is
faction acting by a spurious Senate and House
of Representatives, both mutilated by itself,
and perverting and transcending its own pow-
ers and seizing upon others not intrusted to the
Government, and breaking down the coordi-
nate departments to perpetuate its own lawless
and licentious rule. Let us hear how the pro-
phetic and warning voice of Jefferson and Mad-
ison spoke to their countrymen of this over-
ruling. aggressive, and absorbing power.
Mr. Jefferson, in his Noteson Virginia, says :
"All powers of government, legislative, execu-
tive, and judiciary, result to the legislative body.
The concentrating these in the same hands i3 pre-
cisely the definition of despotic Government.
" It will be no alleviation that these powers will
be exercised by a plurality of hands and not by a
single one. One hundred and seventy-threedespots
would be as oppressive as one.
"Let those who doubt it turn their eyes on the
republic of Venice. As littlo will it avail us that
they are chosen by ourselves. An electivo despotism
was not til e gov ci nracnt we fought for, but one which
should not only be founded on tree principles, but in
which thepowers ot Govei nincntshould beso divided
and balanced among several bodies ot magistracy as
that no onccoukl transcend their legal limits without
being effectually checked and restrained by the
others.
" For this reason the Convention which passed the
ordinance of government laid its foundation on this
basis: that the legislative, executive, and judiciary
departments should be separate and distinct,so tlia.t
no person should exercise the powers of more than
one of them at t.he same time: but no barrier was
provided between those several powers. The judi-
ciary and executive members were left dependent on
the legislative for their subsistence in office, and some
of them for their continuance in it. If, therefore, the
legislative assume executive and judiciary powers no
opposition is likely to be made, nor, if made, can be
effectual; because in that case they may put their
proceedings into the form of an act of assembly,'
which will render thcra obligatory on the other
branches. They have accordingly in many instances
decided rights which should have been left to judi-
ciary controversy, and the direction of the Executive
during the whole time of their session is becoming
habitual and familiar."
In the forty-seventh number of the Federal-
ist, Mr. Madison, says:
"The accumulation of all powers, legislative, exec-
utive, and judiciary, in the same hands, whether of
one or few or many, and whether hereditary, self-
appointed, or elective, uiayjustlybe pronounced the
very definition of tyranny."
And in the forty-eighth number he says:
" It is agreed on all sides, that the powers properly
belonging to one of the departments ought not to be
directly and completely administered by either of
the other departments. It is equally evident, that
neither of them ought to possess, directly or indi-
rectly, an overruling influence over the others in the
administration of their respective powers. It will
not be denied that power is of an oneroaching nature,
and that it ought to be effectually restrained from
passing the limits assigned to it.
"Will it be sufficient to mark, with precision the
boundaries of these departments, in the constitution
of the government, and to trust to these parchment-
barri'-rs against the encroaching spirit of power?"
* * * * "But experience assures us thatthe
efficacy of the provision has been greatly overrated,
and that some wore adequate defense is indispen-
sably necessary for the more feeble against the more
powerful members of the Government. The legisla-
tive department is everywhere extending the sphere
of its activity, and drawing all power into its impet-
uous vortex.
" But in a representative Republic, where the Ex-
ecutive Magistracy is carefully limited, both in the
extent and duration of its power; and where the
legislative power is exercised by an assembly which
is inspired by a supp sed influence over the people,
with an intrepid confidence in its own strength,
which is sufficiently numerous to feel all the pas-
sions which actuate a multitude, yet not so numer-
ous as to bo incapable of pursuing the objects of its
passions by means which reason prescribes; it is
against the enterprising ambition of this depart-
ment that the people ought to indulge all their jeal-
ousy and exhaust all their precautions."
" The legislative department derives a superiority
in our Government from <ther circumstances. Its
constitutional powers at once more extensive and
less susceptible of precise limits, it can, with greater
facility, mask, under complicated and indirect meas-
ures, tho encroachments which it makes on the co-
oi'dinatcdepartments. It is not unfrequently a ques-
tion of real nicety in legislative bodies whether the
operation of a particular measure will or will not
extend beyond the legislative sphere. On the other
side, the executive power being restrained within a
narrower compass, and being more simple in its na-
ture; and the judicial y being described by landmarks
still less uncertain, projects of usurpation by either
of these departments would immediately betray and
defeat themselves. Nor is t as all: as tho legislative
department alone i as access to the pockets of tho
people, and has in some constitutions full discretion,
and in all a prevailing influence over the pecuniary
rewards of those who fill the other departments,
dependence is thus created in the latter, which gives
still greater facility to encroachments ot the former."
These were the views of Mr. Jefferson and
Mr. Madison, on the State constitutions and
their administration before the formation of
the Constitution of the United States. On its
adoption, Mr. Madison was elected a Repre-
sentative from Virginia, and while attending
Congress iu New York, wrote a letter to Ed-
mund Randolph, dated June '21, 1789, in which
there is this passage:
" In truth, tho legislative power isof such a nature
that it can scarcely be restrained, either by the Con-
stitution or by itself; and if the Federal Government
should lose its proper equilibrium with itself, I
am persuaded that tho effort will proceed from
the legislative department. If the probability of
encroachments on the part of the Executive or tho
Senate were to be compared, I should pronounce the
danger to lie rather in the latter than the former.
The mixture of tho legislative, executive, and judi-
cial authorities lodged in that body justifies such an
inference; at thesame time,I am tully of the opinion
that the numerous and immediate representatives
ot the people composing the other House will decid-
edly predominate in the Government."
That the dominating faction in Congress
should have proceeded to shut the door of the
Senate against twenty Senators and of the
House against fifty Representatives, and to ex-
pel other members irom both Houses to secure
a majority of two thirds of the remainder, and
proceed to overrule the President's veto of
their oppressive and unconstitutional acts; to
propose amendments to the Constitution ; and
not only without any color of authority, but in
defiance of the most vital principles of the Con-
stitution, should pass acts to overthrow ten
States and their governments, and dominate
them with martial law and five military tools,
whom they have abstracted from the control
of the Commander-in-Chief, and by this instru-
mentality set up governments in those States
made to their bidding, to be administered by
their creatures to secure their ambitious and
selfish ends and their continuance in power,
constitutes bolder, more hardy, and startling
political enterprise, taking into view every
condition and circumstance, than was ever
before set on foot by man ; and the apathy of
the country to it is of more discouraging and
fearful import than even the audacious spirit
of its projector's. The faction now so wildly
dominating, or the one that may succeed it will
have equal authority, reenforced by this prece-
dent, to assault any of the other States_ and
their governments and make other revolutions.
