2808,
THE GLOBE.
Jime
for coBviction, without regard to the ground
of conviction, whether rightly or wrongly.
Another law says if for, .any reason he shall
cease to be a citizen of the United States he is
disqualified. _ The United States passed in 1790
a law providing that upon conviction of offering
a bribe to a judge a man should be disqualified
from holding office. In 1853 they passed a
law that upon conviction of offering a bribe to
a member of Congress a man should be dis-
qualified from holding office. A conviction is
necessary because the statute says so. But in
l§63'Congress passed a law in very different
language, the last section of which is in Lhese
words:
" Andbe it further enacted, That every person guilty
of either of the offenses described in this act shall be
incapable and forever disqualified to hold any office
under the Government."
That is not an accidental change of phrase-
ology. It was designed and for a purpose.
Why ? This act was passed in the midst of the
rebellion. It was a prescribed penalty of dis-
qualification upon any man who had been guilty
of treason, or misprision of treason, or of giv-
ing aid and comfort to the enemy, and it was
necessary that it should go further than to say
he should be disqualified upon conviction.
If it rested on conviction, inasmuch as convic-
tion must be had in the State where the offense
was committed, it would have been utterly
nugatory to pass such a law, because its State
that would elect to an office a man guilty of
the offenses described in this statute would of
course acquit hiin when tried. Therefore the
law was clothed in that phraseology.
Allow me to read the views of one of the
most learned Senators at that time upon this
very statute:
" There was the law that created the disability; it
was not the law about the oath. Another thing' you
will observe, Mr. President, that it disaffected States
could send menhercopp >scdto the existence of our
Government, and who desired its destruction, and if
those men could come irom the battle-field of yester-
day, sit here to-day and confound our councils and
return to the battle-field to-morrow, what would be
the consequence? 1'tiese men, we will understand,
could never be convicted in States thus sustaining
them; and therefore if we were to wait tor their con-
viction we could never be disabused of them in the
Senate, couid never bo expurgated of them. This
lavr was not drawn so as to provide that it a man
shall bo convicted of treason he shall be disqualified.
That is not the expression. It was intended and
wade for the occasion. It is that ' every person
guiity of either of the offerees described in this act
shall be forever incapable."
That was Mr. Collamer. Such, Mr. Speaker,
were piecisely the views entertained and an-
nounced in this House when this law under
consideration was being passed. Upon the
report of this bill in reference to deserters, a
gentleman from Pennsylvania, not now a
member of the House, put a question to the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary,
whether a conviction was necessary, and the
present chairman of the committee [Mr. Wil-
son] told him that that was a question to be
settled by the judges of election at the polls.
He then offered an amendment to the bill by
adding the words *' Upon conviction thereof."
That amendment was deliberately voted down
upon the statement of the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Wilson] that that was a question
to be decided at^ the polls the same as any
other fact touching the qualifications of an
elector. That disposes of this question so far
as deserters are concerned. It shows conclu-
sively that the whole ground of this claim that
they must be first convicted by court-martial,
and then the disqualification attaches is upon
a mistaken apprehension of the meaning of the
law; and the minority of the committee iu their
report give up the whole case, for they say:
"In Millford township. Knox county, Edward
Beach voted tor the contestant, but had been pre-
viously convicted by the United States district court
for the northern district of Ohio of passing counter-
feit coin and was unpardoned, which offense is a
felony alike under the laws of Ohio andof theTJnited
States, and punishable in like manner under each,
without disfranchisement under the Federal law.
But it the conviction had been under the laws of
Ohio, a part of the penalty would havebeen disfran-
chisement. The sitting member claims, therefore,
that as the voter was a citizen of that State, and the
offense was committed therein, the disfranchisement
under the State l.aws attaches and takes effect upon
theeohvietion in the Federal court. We think other-
wise. The penalties denounced against any crime
by the respective governments can only take effect
as to the government under which they are adjudged.
Neither government is called upon to enforce the
punishments prescribed on conviction of crime by
the other. There is believed to be no authority for
any other conclusion."
Therefore, according to the doctrine of the
minority of the committee, before a man shall
cease to be a eitizen, cease to be qualified as
a voter in Ohio, he must be convicted by court-
martial, and when he is, the same minority say
it shall have no effect whatever. So that by
this process the minority of the committee
have succeeded in emasculating the law and
rendering it entirely useless and an absurdity.
I now pass to the second point in this case,
and that is the vote of Pike township. The
vote of that township has been rejected by the
committee. Why? Because the only evidence
of the vote is through this source. It was taken
iii violation of the law of the State of Ohio ;
and while the committee hold—and the author-
ities are full upon that point—that that does
not disqualify a single voter in Pike township
who cast his vote, yet it is necessary to prove
how men did vote. The defects in the transac-
tions at Pike township are these: the law
requires three electors to be judges. There
were but two electors and one deserter appointed
judges in this township, and those three—two
of them eligible to the office and one of them
ineligible to the office—acted as judges and
decided whose votes should be received. They
then made a return in which, instead of certi-
fying according to law that the votes cast were
the votes of electors, they did not certify that
a single vote cast was the vote of an elector.
Now, what shall be done in this case? Shall
the men who went in there and honestly voted
lose their votes? Certainly not. But what
shall we take as evidence? Not the evidence
of these three men, because that was not in
conformity to law, and besides, by its very
terms, their certificate does not show that a
single elector voted. So we say that to these
parties the name of every man who shows he
voted there and was a legal voter shall be
counted notwithstanding these judges of elec-
tion failed to comply with the law and acted
in violation of the law, and failed to give the
proper evidence. We have got to take one of
two methods. Either we have got to throw
these parties back upon parol proof of who
cast his vote there, or to take that which the
law says shall not be evidence—one or the other;
and we say to these men, " This is no evidence
of who voted in Pike township, but we give
you an opportunity to go and prove who voted,
and every legal voter whom you show to have
voted there we will count." This the parties
did in other townships, but they failed to do it
iu Pike township; and that is the reason why
the votes on the one side and on the other cast
in Pike township cannot be counted, because
neither party has furnished us a particle of
legal proof of who did vote there.
A word upon the question whether the proof
was legal or not. Two of these judges wore
qualified. I have heard it said that the third
may be treated as a judge de facto. But, Mr.
Speaker, while that is true of every man who is
capable of holding an office and enters upon it
under color of an appointment, it is not true
of a man who has not the legal capacity to act;
it is not true of a man who has not the ele-
ments that the law says shall exist in every
officer. It is only in a case where a man other-
wise competent by law is only in possession
of a color of appointment; but nowhere, as I
understand the law, was it ever held that a man
whom the law says is not capable of holding
the office can by any means legally discharge
the duties of that office. That is the reason why |
this man was incapable of acting even to the
extent of a judge de facto. But that does not
cure the other defect which the papers show?
The papers do not show that a single man who
voted there was a legal voter. While we offered
to these parties, according to all the precedents
in cases of election, to go home and bring evi-
dence of who voted, there, both parties ehose
to refer their case to this House upou the
evidence as they had it.
There is still another objection to the con-
clusion in reference to Pike township, and
that i3, that it is claimed on the part of the
sitting member that there is nothing in the
notice of the contest on the part of the con-
testant indicating this ground of objection.
That was so well argued by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] yesterday that but one
other idea is left, and that idea, to my mind,
is entirely conclusive. Admitting to be true
all that is said upon that point by the minority
of the committee, yet they overlook this con-
trolling fact. This evidence touching Pike
township was not brought to the attention of
the committee by the contestant, but it was
brought to their attention by the sitting mem-
ber himself. Then he could not object to the
committee considering the testimony which he
himself laid before them, and giving it its
legitimate effect. He brought the evidence
there, and he did not object; he could not
object to its consideration, for he laid it before
the committee. But though it might be true,
yielding for the sake of argument that it would
be true, that the contestant, by reason of this
defect in the notice, could not have brought
this testimony before the committee, yet it
does not lie in the mouth of the sitting mem-
ber to say that the testimony he himself laid
before the committee should not be considered
by the committee.
One other point touching Pike township, and
I will be through with that part of the case.
It is said by the sitting member, and it was
also said with great confidence by the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr.] that in point
of fact this man, Salathiel Parrish, who sat
upon the board of Pike township as a judge
of election was not a deserter; that he pro-
cured a substitute, and, therefore, ceased to be
a deserter. Now, neither of those gentlemen
read the testimony upon which they founded
that conclusion, but left the House to take it
upon the strength of their own statement.
Now, in point of fact not only does the evi-
dence fail to carry out the assertion of the sit-
ting member and of the gentleman from Indi-
ana that this man procured a substitute, but
the evidence shows that he did not procure a
substitute. The very evidence to which they
alluded shows that he did not procure a sub-
stitute. This man, Salathiel Parrish, was
drafted and ran away, as did a dozen or so
other men of the town. The town, in order to
fill up its quota of ninety men, was obliged to
have resort to Cincinnati, with the exception
of two of the deserters who finally furnished
substitutes. This deserter. Parrish, was away
in foreign lands enjoying the protection of a
foreigu jjower and claiming, as he now does,
the benefit of an allegiance to thai power.
Mr. KERR. Will the gentleman yield to
me?
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will allow
me to read the testimony first I will yieid.
Mr. KERB. I hope the gentleman will
read all the testimony, for it sustains me and
contradicts him. I want it all read.
The SPEAKER. The hour of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has
expired.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the Hon se will in-
dulge me for a lew moments longer.
lhe SPEAKER. 'Ihatrequires unanimous
consent.
Mr. KERR. I hope it will be done, with
the understanding that some one on this side
shall be allowed to reply.
Mr. CULLOM. 1 move that, the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] be allowed
fifteen minutes additional time.
Mr. KERR. I desire ten minutes to reply
to the gentleman.
Mr. FAUNS\\ ORTH. I object to that.
Mr. KERR._ Then I object to the extension
of time asked for by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr, DAWES. I think the gentleman from
