1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8833
that is because you impose a tax of five hun-
dred per cent, upon the production of this
article, which is an absurdity, and which makes
it an impossibility in an elective Government
like ours to collect the tax. You cannot col-
lect a tax of live hundred per cent, on any
article. Every gentleman upon this floor knows
that in our tariff laws we endeavor to avoid
excessive rates ot duty upon imported goods,
because they lead to smuggling; because if
they are excessive they will be avoided iu some
way or other, the ingenuity and avarice of man
are so very great. ■ Such is the case with this
tux upon whisky at two dollars a gallon. Take,
for instance, the case of a distillery to which
I have just now alluded, one of fifty barrels
capacity per day. The tax upon it at two dol-
lars a gallon is $4,000 per day. You employ
a revenue officer to watch this distillery of
spirits, and you pay him five dollars per day.
The individual conducting such a distillery can
afford, if that otlieer will shut his eyes, to pay
him SI,000 a day and make a large fortune
himself besides in a single year. I insist, upon
it that the whole difficulty in this matter is
that the amount of the tax is so enormous that
there is enough in it to corrupt poor, weak
human nature, and that we cannot collect the
tax when there is so much money involved in
it as there is at two dollars a gallon. The
Finance Committee believe that many of the
present rules will be remedied by the reduc-
tion proposed, and that if you put a tax of a
little over one hundred per cent, on an article
there is not so much inducement at any rate
to commit fraud, there is not so much room
for avarice to play, as there is in a tax of five
hundred per cent. Besides, we have tried the
experiment, and we have Uied it faithfully
under the two-dollar tax.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Faithfully!
Mr. CATTBLL. Faithfully in point of time,
and I do not know that we can do any better
unless my friend proposes to find out a race of
men better than those who have been attending
to this duty, and proposes to have that race of
men appointed. X think if my friend could
select the men and appoint them himself he
might find a much better set than those in
office now ; but unfortunately these appoint-
ments are not intrusted to him, nor even to
the Senate of the United States.
Mr. President, in my judgment the whisky
ring, as it is frequently called here, and by that
I mean those connected with the frauds m re-
gard to whisky all over the country, have been
taking trorn the United States m this tax at
least thirty or forty million dollars per an-
num, and I think a vote of the Senate to con-
tinue this tax at two dollars is au invitation to
them to proceed in that dilection, and is afford-
ing them the carcass upon which to prey. I
am not dispose;! for one to gratify their avar-
ice at the expense of the Government of the
United States.
My impression is that a very largo amount
of the frauds upon the revenue in regard to
whisky have arisen first in the bonded ware-
houses, and in the transmission of whisky from
one bonded warehouse to another, and its trans-
mission from the manufactory to the bonded
warehouse. By arranging a tax which can be
collected at the still, and abolishing the bonded
warehouses, you certainly escape that avenue
of fraud. The second great source of fraud
has been, I think, the large illicit distillation of
whisky from molasses in the little stills that
are worked iu the cellars and the garrets of
piivate houses which are outside of the reach
of the most vigilant detective in the revenue
service. By the tax which we now propose to
put upon whisky you destroy this illicit distill-
ing of molasses, because even if those who
distill it escape the tax they cannot produce it
at a less rate than whisky can be produced
from grain, adding the fifty cents tax to it.
There is a second source of fraud which you
escape bv the reduction of the tax.
I confess, Mr. President, that with others I
ie<rret to bo compelled to admit that the Gov-
ernment of the Uniled States cannot collect
any tax which it chooses to impose ; but as the
Senator from Orpgon said this afternoon, human
nature is weak, and if the temptation is too
great it will not. stand it,. I remember to have
heard an incident which occurred with Mr.
Lincoln, who was in difficulty about getting
somebody to send down to the southern States
as a cotton agent upon one occasion. He
selected one of his old and long-tried friends
and sent him into that locality, and was com-
forted by the belief that he had an honest man
there. A few months after this gentleman had
become fairly established in his duties, he wrote
to Mr. Lincoln asking to be relieved. Mr.
Lincoln replied inquiring why he wanted to add
to his many troubles by asking him now to look
for another officer in whom he had confidence
to send down there. He replied to Mr. Lin-
coln that he was almost a believer in the doc-
trine that every man had his price ; that the
blockade runners in cotton had offered him
already $250,000, and he thought it likely the
next offer would be $500,000, and he did not
know whether he had moral courage enough to
resist, it, and therefore he thought he had better
be recalled while he was honest.
The difficulty of this whole matter, in my
judgment, is that the amount, of money involved
is so immense that it is impossible by any im-
provements, or any taxation, or any guards
of legislation which you can throw around it
to prevent the revenue from being largely
defrauded, so long as you continue so excess-
ive a rate as five hundred per cent, tax on any
article. I should be glad personally if this
tax could be collected, because I believe that
whisky is one of the articles that ought to pay
a very heavy tax ; and I adhered during last
autumn, and the early part of this session, to
the idea that we ought to make another and
further attempt to collect the tax of two dol-
lars a gallon ; but. the most, careful investiga-
tion I have been able to give the subject has
convinced me that it is time we made an exper-
iment in some other direction.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I believe
with the Senator from New Jersey, after his
speech, that poor human nature is weak. Wo
find from his own confession that after years
of experience in business, having fully made
up his mind that we ought to try the experi-
ment of so adjusting our machinery and so
selecting our officers as to see whether we could
not collect two dollars a gallon on this greatest
and most pernicious of luxuries, he has sud-
denly, through the weakness of human nature,
under whatever temptation has been offered to
him, turned a somersault and come over to
the proposition that the tax has all the time
been just four times too high. I am bound to
believe, Mr. President, that human nature is
weak, and that some share of that weakness—
and I say it without any disrespect—may be
found within the Committee on Finance as well
as among those gentlemen who are so stubborn
and so unable to receive light as to be determ-
ined to fight this question with the whisky men
out. on this line, if it takes until next March.
Philosophically there can be only one of two
reasons or classes of reasons why this tax can-
not be collected. The first is that the law
adjusting this tax is unjust and oppressive,
based upon a wrong principle. 'That is a legis-
lative reason. The second is, assuming the law
to be based upon a right principle, agents to
execute that law have been selected who have
been faithless to their duty. You may turn it
over as much as you please; you may resort to
as much sophistry or as much explanation as
you please; you may be as vague as you like;
nevertheless, under these two heads you are
obliged to consider this question.
Now, 1 have not yet been convinced that the
theory of this law, which was agreed upon four
years ago, is wrong. We have had four years
of legislation upon this principle of two dol-
lars a gallon tax. I for one am unwilling to
confess at this particular point of time or any
other point of time, until t shall be convinced
of it, that the representatives of the people,
the responsible law making power of the coun-
try, have been deceiving themselves session
after session for four long years as to the prin-
ciple upon which a tax upon this lux:ary ought
to be imposed. I do not believe it. They
have been home session after session j they
have consulted with their constituents ; they
have understood what the public sentiment is;
they have known that the hard-working classes
of this country are in favor of imposing taxa-
tion upon the luxuries that are used in the
land. And therefore I assume that they have
returned to the legislative halls imbued with
the principles that their constituents have
reflected upon them of keeping up this tax to
the point where it now stands, if they have
not, then it is a confession of a greater weakness
of human nature than that to which my friend
from New Jersey has alluded, that we have not
acted before. Why have we stood here idle
all the day long, as the Scripture hath it, and
not lifted our hands to correct this great legis-
lative evil if the error and the fault has laid
at the door of Congress all this time. I deny
the assertion and insist upon the proof. And
what is the proof brought forward by the
Finance Committee in favor of this proposi-
tion that the error has been ours, and not at
the other end of the avenue all this while?
Why, they say you do not get the tax. Granted;
but I fail to see the necessary connection be-
tween the fact that you do not get the tax and
the fact that is now asserted that the fault is
in the law, and not in the executors of it. Jt
is an arbitrary choice the committee make if
tiiey stop there and say it is our fault rather
than the fault of the Chief Executive. No,
sir ; the true principle upon which taxation
ought to be imposed—and the experience of
other countries has demonstrated that it can
be imposed upon that principle—is to put the
highest possible rate on articles of luxury;
and what can be more so than this, an article
the production of which it would be a great
advantage to this country if it could be dis-
couraged instead of encouraged, and leave the
corn and the wheat and the rye that go into
your poison to be fed to the children of the
drunkard instead of turned into liquid and
given to him as a drink.
I say, sir, that the principle of taxation has
been and always must, be that luxuries of this
description ought to bear the highest possible
rate of taxation, and that there is no limit
beyond which you ought not to go if you choose
to cet it from this source at all, so long as any-
body is willing to buy his glass of whisky if he
does pay five hundred per cent, of the cost of
it to the Government.
Mr. CATTELL. If the Government got it
I would not object to any rate.
Mr. KDMUNDS. Then my friend from
New Jersey admits that the true principle upon
which the law-making power ought to proceed
| is to wring from this injurious and detrimental
business of the country the largest possible
! penny that can be wrung from it. Then we
turn overto the other question, can you get it?
Ho says that you cannot, because the officers
of the law may be exposed to such a great
temptation in the way of bribery and corrup-
tion as that they will not resist, and that they
will corruptly and unfaithfully neglect their
| duty in favor of the distillers of whisky. I do
' not believe the proposition. I will put it to my
friend if he believes the proposition ? Take his
own district in New Jersey, if it were left to
him to select an assessor, a collector, and an
inspector of internal revenue in his district,
will he rise in his place and say that he could
not select one hundred men in that district to
whom he could repose this trust with an abso-
lute certainty in a moral sense that they would
resist all temptation, no matter how great it
might, be? I know that my friend could resist
that temptation, and I believe that in point of
honesty, from the very fact that he is here,
there are hundreds and thousands of men in the
State of New Jersey as honest as he is. If there
had not been my friend would not have honored
us with his presence. He represents the honest
party of New Jersey, made up of the honest
