1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40th Cong. ..2d Sess.
Belief from Political Disabilities—Mr. Shanks.
Ho. of Reps'.
as to contend that the portion of people of the
revolted States who continued true and faith-
ful to the United States throughout the rebel-
lion at its close were and yet continue to be
alien enemies? The people of those States
now are, and throughout the whole rebellion
were, citizens of the United States; most of
them were criminals, but all were citizens.
Every citizen of the United States, whether a
resident of a State or a Territory, or of any
spot within the boundary of the United States,
although outside of the States and organized
Territories, is entitled to all the rights, liber-
ties, privileges, and protection organized by the
Constitution, if the southern States are in
truth blotted out their people are not, and with
all their follies and crimes they have the right
to put on thepanoply of theConstitution, which
also provides for their trial and punishment.
What are the rights and liberties which it
assures to them in common with every Amer-
ican citizen ? The freedom of religious opin-
ion and worship ; the privilege of the writ of
habeas corpus, subject to be suspended by Con-
gress only, when the public safety may require
it in times of rebellion and invasion ; that
treason shall consist only in levying war against
the United States, or in adhering to their ene-
mies, giving them aid and comfort—no person
to be convicted of treason unless on the testi-
mony of two witnesses to the same overt act,
or on confession in open court; the freedom
of speech and the press ; the right of the peo-
ple to keep and bear arms, and to be secure in
their persons, houses, papers, and effects against
unreasonable searches; no warrant to issue
against any one but on probable cause, sup-
ported by oath, and particularly describing the
place to be searched and the person or things
to be seized ; no person to be held to answer
for a capital or otherwise infamous crime, un-
less on a presentment or indictment of a grand
jury, except in cases arising in the military or
naval forces; no person to be twice put in
jeopardy of life or limb for the same offense,
or to be compelled in any criminal case to be
a witness against himself; nor to be deprived
of life, liberty, or property without due process
of law ; private property not to be taken for
public use without just compensation; in all
criminal prosecutions every person to have
secured to him a speedy and public trial by an
impartial jury of the State and District wherein
the crime shall have been committed, and to
be informed of the nature and cause of the ac-
cusation, to bo confronted with the witnesses
against liim, to have compulsory process for
obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have
assistance of counsel in his defense; no exces-
sive bail or excessive fines, and no cruel or
unusual punishments.
What a noble summary of justice and free-
dom and fundamental law to secure it, com-
prehending the essential, natural, and civil
rights of universal humanity ; and all acts of
Congress impairing them are declared null
and void. They are the true ends of all just
and legitimate government, and that is the
best government which assures them in the
greatest perfection to every citizen. But you
have swept them all from the southern States,
and stripped alike the loyal and the disloyal of
all their benefits ; and you have the same power
so to despoil any other portion of the Ameri-
can people. Before the age of Alfred the
Saxon mind and heart of England had fully
compassed those great rights and liberties, and
organized them into immortal principles of the
common law ; and during the long intervening
ages the grandest struggles ever made by man
have been for their reinstatement, as from time
to time they were borne down by the forces of
despotism. They have often been overthrown
but never crushed out, for they " spring eternal
in the human breast." Without their enjoy-
ment, or the hope for them that never dies,
neither government nor life would be desirable.
This immortal aspiration peopled the New
World with its votaries, carried our ancestors
through the long struggle of the Kevolution,
and incorporated those principles of liberty as
of the very body of the Constitution, to be
handed down a priceless heritage to posterity
through indefinite ages. Those principles wore
imbedded deep and strong in our fundamental
law, that they might abide inviolate all the
mutations of peace, all the storms of war, and
all the machinations and assaults of the demon
of faction. Their enemies are the enemies of
our country and mankind. Factionists in the
possession of power make loud but hollow
professions of devotion to them while tramp-
ling them under foot; and to continue their
rule and their plunder of the nation they are
now offering to immolate the Constitution and
all the rights and liberties guarantied by it,
because they stand in their way.
A Government that cannot defend that Con-
stitution and those liberties is worthless; one
that will not is criminal, butone thatoperat.es
to destroy them is wicked to the last degree, and
deserves the abhorrence of all patriotic men.
When that Government, embodying a desperate
faction, proceeds practically to break up this
Constitution and crush those liberties, to abol-
ish the governments of ten States, to absorb
all the powers of the several departments, and
to usurp other and vast powers for the perpet-
uation of its rule, and to make certain the eon-
summation of this great scheme of parricidal
ambition, organizes a military dictatorship,
the rally cry of every true patriot should be,
" Down with the revolutionary Congress and
the iron-mailed dictator set up by it!"
Relief from Political Disabilities.
REMARKS OF HON. J. P. C. SHANKS,
OF INDIANA,
In the House of IIeiuiesextatives,
March 17, 1868,
On the bill (II. R. No. 778) to relievo William W.
Holdcri and others from disabilities.
Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Speaker, the proposi-
tion before the House is the beginning of a new
series of troubles unnecessarily being brought
upon us by our own hands.
A measure that discourages and discounte-
nances those who have remained loyal during
the years when all these men sought to be re-
lieved by this bill were traitors, and many of
them engaged in open war on their Govern-
ment. This bill offers a premium upon treason
and crime by raising them in defiance over loy-
alty and virtue. These men when pardoned
will, as they do now, despise those whose loy-
alty aided in defeating the purposes of their
treason. This billputs the weapon at the heart
of our friends and encourages our enemies to
strike. It in effect says, that patriotism has no
virtues or honors that treason may not claim
and receive. These men can never atone for
their great crimes and should not be released
from their voluntary disabilities under the law.
If these men are true and worthy they will not
ask place in the Government they sought to
destroy. If not, they should not be permitted
to receive it. It they were honest they would
bow down in humihtude before the wide-spread
evidences of their great crimes, and repair with
their property and their labor, to the utmost of
their ability, "the wrongs they have committed
upon their country and kind. But this prop-
osition comes not from meekness underrepent-
ance. It is not the humble prayer of the Pub-
lican, who, with a contrite heart, " smote upon
his breast, saying, God, be merciful to me a
sinner." But it is the mockery over petition
which finds its counter part in the arrogance of
the Pharisee in public places who said, " God,
I thank thee that I am not as other men are."
What atonement have these men made for their
offenses? Have they atoned to the loyal peo-
ple of the southern States whose persons have
been wronged and property wasted in the. war
provoked by these traitors? Have they atoned
to the much-abused poor but loyal colored peo-
ple for the wrongs inflicted and still being in-
flicted on them, the rosult of these men's
treason and oppression ?
Have they atoned to the Treasury of the
nation and to our tax-burdened people for the
great debt they aided in imposing oni hem by the
rebellion? Have they atoned to their own mis-
guided neighbors and peoplefor the lossoflife
and property they caused by their treasonable
teachings to them by which they induced the
war ? Have they atoned to the hundred thou-
sand widows of loyal and brave men who died
to save their country from their treason ? Have
they atoned to the half million orphans whose
sires fell victims to the war these men pro-
voked and waged? Have they atoned to the
mothers of the country who sent their loved
ones to do battle for their fatherland, and who
watched the sun as it rose and set, counting
with a mother's devotion the hours of their
absence, and with hopes and fears awaited
their return ? Have they atoned to the fathers
of this land for the sons they have lost—mur-
dered by traitors? Have they atoned to the
maimed soldier or seaman for the wounds their
treason gave him? Have they atoned to the
flag they insulted, the Constitution they vio-
lated, and the land they drenched in blood?
Have they atoned to the civilization of this
age for the attempt to destroy this free, repub-
lican Government and to erect upon its ruins
a despotism the chief corner-stone of which
should be human slavery? Have they atoned
for the crimes of Andersonville, Millen, Ma-
con, Salisbury, Libby and Belle Isle, Fort Pil-
low, Memphis, and Orleans ? Have they atoned
for the cold, deliberate treason by which they
contracted with crowned heads of Europe for
the sale of the liberties of the people and the
overthrow of the Government? Have they
made any atonement? No, sir; while the
wide-spread desolation caused by their trea-
son is weighing as a mountain upon the peo-
ple, while there are in the seceded States
loyal men by the thousand who have been
wronged in person and robbed of property by
these men and their criminal coadjutors, who
have made no amends for their many crimes,
they, in common with their treacherous asso-
ciates hold their property protected to them
by the Government they sought to destroy, and
of which they now, with villainous arrogance,
demand to be released from the disabilities their
voluntary crimes have imposed on them under
the law, the Representatives of the loyal peo-
ple, who have suffered these great sacrifices
in defense of the Government, are told that we
should vote for this bill of release.
Sir, in the name of the people I represent;
in the name of the stricken soldiers and sea-
men of the country; in the name of my coun-
try, burdened with debt consequent upon the
war; in the name of the wronged loyal citizens
of the southern States, victims of treason ; in
the name of the parents who gave their sons
in this struggle ; in the name of the widows
and orphans this war has made; in the name
of the poor, unlearned, long-suffering, but
loyal colored people of the South ; in the
name of justice, my country, and a common
humanity, I protest against this untimely pro-
ceeding ; this invidious distinction in favor
of traitors, setting them up in defiance of the
loyal people they and their coadjutors wronged,
the country they betrayed, the Union-they
attempted to disrupt, the flag they insulted,
the peace they disturbed, the Constitution they
mocked, the property they wasted, the homes
they desolated, and the blood they spilled.
Sir, the sun might well refuse to shine when
|j this deed is being consummated here by tlie
I! people's Representatives.
