1786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
proved to England and France, bat especially
to England, of great value. It is in our power
to make the commerce of the United States
with all those countries even more valuable;
but unless we are represented there by diplo
matists the whole commerce will fall into the
hands of England and Prance. At this time,
therefore, I should think it exceedingly impol-
itic, very unwise, and very far from just econ-
omy to refuse to send diplomatists to those
countries.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole, striking out
"Ecuador" from the list of missions.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, and Mr. ED-
MUNDS called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 9, nays 26 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Colo, Oonklimc, Edmunds, Fes-
senden, Howe, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of V crmont,
Thayer, and Williams—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalcw, Conncss, Cor-
bett,Davis, Dixon,Drake, Ferry, Frolinghuysen, Har-
lan, Henderson, Howard, Johnson, MeUreery, Mor-
gan, Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague, Tip-
ton, Trumbull, Vickers, Wade, Wiliey, and Yates—-28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Cat tell,
Chandler, Cragin, jUoolittle, Fowler, Grimes, Hend-
ricks, Morton, Norton, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Patterson of Tennessee, Ross, Saulsbury, Stewart,
Sumner, Van Winkle, and Wilson—I'J.
So the Senate refused to concur in the
amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the next excepted amendment,
which is on page 2, line thirteen, to strike out
the word "Bolivia."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the Sen-
ate will not concur in that amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I, too, hope they will
not concur in it.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the next excepted amendment,
which is on page 2, line thirty-two, to strike
out "fifty" and insert "twenty;" so that the
clause will read:
For contingent expenses of all the missions abroad,
$20,000.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, Mr. President, that
revives the question, which was so much dis-
cussed when we were in committee, as to
whether the contingent expenses of the mis-
sions abroad shall be reduced from $50,000
to $20,000. It will be remembered that we
were then led into a consideration of what
those contingent expenses were. The com-
mittee that proposed the change did not seem
to have any information on the subject. I
undertook to state very briefly and very im-
perfectly some of the well-known contingent
expenses, all of which, so far as I went, when
put together, would be much more than the
sum left in the bill by the committee, $20,000.
I do not wish to argue this question again or
adduce any further evidence; but I hope that
the Senate will leave the bill as it came from
the House of Representatives, and that, there-
fore, they will not adopt iu the Senate the
amendment made in committee. It seems to
me that we are not doing too much for our
legations abroad if we allow $50,000 for their
contingent expenses.
And now let me ask a question. If, for in-
stance, the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,]
whom I do not see in his seat, should bring
forward a proposition for so much money for
the Navy Department, or my excellent col-
league, [Mr. Wilson,] who is not now in his
seat, should bring forward a similar proposi-
tion for a certain sum for the War Department,
or the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman'] or
the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessexden]
shorld make a proposition for an appropria-
tion in favor of the Treasury Department, and
those Senators should say that according to
their experience such an appropriation was
important to the working of the Department,
I am inclined to think it would be voted. It
seems to me that the Senate has done so con-
stantly. Now, I have to say that, in my opin-
ion, according to such information as I have,
the State Department has been conducted with
reasonable economy. I believe that you can-
not on knowledge criticise its expenditures;
you may on mere representation and on preju-
dice ; but I believe there is no evidence on
which you can criticise the expenditures of
that Department. All the details have been
often before the Senate, and they may be had
by any Senator at any time for the asking.
Now, I think, when you go forward and pro-
pose to cut down these contingent expenses,
interesting as they are to every legation of our
country, you go too far. You reduce them
all to $20,000. That is not enough. Those
legations must suffer. I hope, therefore, that
the vote taken in committee will not be sus-
tained iu the Senate.
Mr. CON NESS. I saw a very mild-man-
nered gentleman in the Senate Chamber this
morning who is the Secretary of State of the
United States. I wonder if my friend from
Massachusetts has not heard another '• lion in
the lobby roar.'' [Laughter. ]
Mr. SUMNER. I will say to the Senator
from California that tKo Secretary of State
spoke with me on an entirely different matter.
Of the matter to which the Senator refers he
knew nothing.
Mr. CONNESS. I am bound to take the
Senator's statement.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think I can
resist the appeal of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts on two grounds: first, the general
understanding that these two items, which
were arranged in Committee of the Whole
yesterday, should be conclusive, should settle
the question. The Committee on Appropria-
tions, for the two items of "contingent ex-
penses of all the missions abroad" and "con-
tingent expenses of foreign intercourse," ap-
propriated $20,000. On the discussion of that
subject I said that if the Senate sustained the
committee in putting the contingent expenses
of all the missions abroad at $20,000 we would
not oppose the appropriation for contingent
expenses of foreign intercourse as it came
from the House of Representatives, which was
$80,000, to which I understood the Senator
from Massachusetts to assent. He certainly
did not resist it; and on that ground he is con-
cluded, I submit, from making any appeal to
me, to say the least of it; and 1 submit to the
Senator that he ought not to raise the question
here now.
The next ground is, that he intimated a will-
ingness yesterday in regard to these expenses
to go back to the most economical period of
peace, and to take the basis of the appropria-
tion for that period. Now, sir, for 1860-61,
the period immediately preceding the war, the
appropriations were about sixty thousand dol-
lars for these two items. The estimates for
this year were something like one hundred and
forty thousand dollars. I submit to the Sen-
ator that what ho insists upon, pulling this
appropriation back from $30,000 to $50,000
would be to go far beyond the expense of this
service at the period to which he himself indi-
cated a willingness to go. 1 believe it will turn
out on this question of the contingent expenses
for the missions abroad that the committee
were not wide of the mark, and that the $50,000
appropriated for the two items will be found
sufficiently large. If they are not, of course
the Department can have recourse to Congress
to make them good. 1 hope, therefore, that
on that question the Senate will adhere to the
vote in committee.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, if my friend
from Maine could furnish us any evidence
on this question, I should accept his con-
clusion ; but he simply gives us his counsel,
without any evidence. He knows nothing
about these contingent expenses. He tells us
he knows nothing about them ; and yet, in the'
dark, he proposes to cut them down. He asks
me if I will not consent that they shall be put
on the basis of a certain year which he names.
I said that I would accept the basis of the year
1861, the year immediately before the war. I |
do not know that the Senator has taken into I
consideration the difference in currency. The
appropriations in 1861, before the war 
Mr. SHERMAN. Eighteen hundred and
sixty.
Mr. SUMNER. Eighteen hundred and
sixty-one. The 28th day of February, 1861.
I have not the statute here now, but I men-
tioned the sum yesterday. I think it was
$50,000 for the foreign missions, and it was
cither $30,000 or $40,000 for the contingent
expenses of foreign intercourse, and in coin at
that time. It is now in currency, and the
Senator is aware that all expenses have in-
creased since then, so that an appropriation
of $50,000 in currency now will not produce
the same in the market that that sum would
in gold.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does the Sena-
tor understand that the salaries of ministers 
Mr. SUMNER. I am not speaking of sal-
aries now. This is not a question of salaries.
This is a question of the contingent expenses
of foreign intercourse, much of which is paid
here in Washington, and paid in currency.
Now, the Senator knows perfectly well that we
cannot get for $30,000 in currency, if that is
the sum appropriated for the contingent ex-
penses of foreign intercourse, what in 1860 we
had for $30,000 in gold. I do not wish to
dwell on that difference; but there certainly
is a consideration iu favor of our not reducing
this sum. It seems to mc we had better
leave the bill us it came from the House of
Representatives. The House began on econ-
omy. They have constructed this bill on the
most economical principles; but my friend
from Maine seems to be more economical than
the House of Representatives. If he can be,
consistently with the interests of the Govern-
ment, I shall be happy to unite with him; but
I think that in pushing his economy now be-
yond the point to which the House of Repre-
sentatives carried it he makes a mistake.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps I ought to say,
as tlie honorable Senator from Massachusetts did
not converse with the Secretary of State when he
was here this morning on this subject, thatl did.
I asked him a question about it. He did not
introduce the subject to me, but I asked him
whether he thought he could get along with
$20,000 and $80,000 for these two items. He
said, very properly, that he should endeavor to
get along with whatever sum Congress saw fit
to put into his hands for that purpose ; that he
would do the best he could with relation to it;
he could wish that the first sum was rather
larger, because he doubted whether $20,000
would be sufficient on the most economical
plan that he could possibly resort to. He sug-
gested that if $10,000 was added to that first
appropriation, making each $30,000 he thought
he might be able to get along. I suggested
that to my colleague yesterday, that if he made
each of these appropriations $30,000 I would
be content with ihat, and I should be. I do
not feel disposed to push the matter any fur-
ther, for 1 think the disposition of the Depart-
ment is to conform to whatever Congress sug-
gests about it, of course, as it must do. But
the Secretary stated that there might be con-
tingencies, which were possible and not very
improbable, which would require more; but
unless there were some contingencies occurred
such as lie suggested, that I need not name,
possibly he might be able to get through with
the sum already named if $10,000 were added
to the first appropriation. I think, myself, it
would be better to do that. That would make
the sum exactly what it was in I860; that is,
$60,000 lor the two appropriations. Ten thou-
sand dollars more being added to the first,
which is now $20,000, and the other being
$30,000, I should think that that might pos-
sibly answer.
Mr. SUMNER. What was that?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thirty thousand dol-
lars. I think that might possibly answer. It
is not worth while to contend about it.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish to contend
with anybody, much less with the committee,
but the committee has failed to give any reason
