3834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
men ; and if lie could have the selection of the
officers of the revenue in that State I will give
him my bond, poor as it be, or my word, which
is us good as my bond, neither having any
pecuniary value, that he would find that the
two-dollar tax would be collected.
But my friend says that at the two-dollar tax
all the men will be driven out of the business.
Suppose they are. Wheat and corn are good
things to make into meal; they are good things
to export; they are good things to feed to your
operatives in your factories, much better than
it is for them to drink them in liquid form.
Although to the head of the family it does not
always taste as well, the children like it better,
as a rule._ 1 do not think the country will be
injured if we get no revenue at ail from whisky,
provided no whisky is made, and 1 believe my
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] will
agree to that proposition.
Where, then, do we find ourselves? We
find ourselves standing upon the .Republican
platform with a confession that, although this
is one of the articles upon which the highest
tax ought to be imposed, the Republican party
that is to come into power in March next has
not in it the virtue and persistent faith and
courage to collect this imposition, that it can-
not trust itself, and that the fault for the last
four years has been that the members of Con-
gress who make your laws have so adjusted
them as that it cannot trust itself.
I deny the proposition, sir. If you will look
at the history of this traffic, if you will look at
the long list of revenue officers whose names
have been associated with the frauds and neg-
lects of duty, you will iind in nine cases out of
ten tliat those officers have been appointed and
kept in office and have been dealt with under
political influences that are adverse to the in-
terests which my fiiend from New Jersey and
uiyselt have most at heart, and that they have
been screened and continued in their misdeeds.
And it' he will turn to an official report which
has been laid on our tables to-day touching
some recent investigations into the causes that
produced a sudden termination to a great trial
which went, on here, he will find that the
"sinews of war" that were to be raised to
accomplish that purpose were to be procured,
as one, of their sources, out of the settlement,
oi whisky causes by the agents of the Kxecu-
tive of the United States in New York. I do
not say, because I iiave no right to say it and
I have not the proof, that the Executive of the
United States was a party to that arrange-
ment; but I say that the evidence which is
detailed in this report shows that through the
means of Government officials and the lriends
ot' tin! Executive, that was the great source,
and that steps were taken to draw from that
source, from which the "sinews of war'! were
to be drawn for that purpose.
Mr. CONN15SS. Were drawn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Were to be d rawn. I do
not know whether they were drawn or not.
Where, then, do we find ourselves The news-
papers tor the last two years have been full of
these whisky eases, full of defection and cor-
ruption on the part ot' the assessors and col-
lectors of this tax. I have stood on the ground,
and 1 believe my constituents stand on the
ground, that the fault in the non-oollect,ion
ol the tax is in the administration of the law,
and that the chief administrator of the law, to
whom the Constitution has confided the res-
ponsibility and the duty of executing it, and
his aiders and abettors, and his party are the
responsible authors of these losses. And,
therefore, I desire to stand upon the law as it
is, and if we can, as I believe we shall, succeed
in effecting a reformation in the administration
of the law by the selection of a new officer,
then I shall be willing to try the experiment,
with some faith in its success, of getting out of
this great luxury and out of these great monop-
olies that tax which such a luxury and such
monopolies ought to bear, and thus relieve the
burdens that are imposed on other branches j
of industry and commerce in the country. ]
So, Mr. Piesident; without trespassing longer 1
on the time of the Senate, I propose for one
to stand by the old-fashioned tax of two dol-
lars a gallon, and to stand by it until it is tried
by a fresh administration appointed by a new
President, who, as 1 have said, I have faith to
believe will come in in the interest of a real
execution of the laws, and until I shall see
that there is a practical proof of what the Sen-
ator from New Jersey alleges, that you cannot
in this country find enough virtuous and honest
people to collect a tax of two dollars a gallon
upou this luxury.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire only to make a
little calculation with my friend, the Senator
from New Jersey. He said that a very small
distillery would produce fifty barrels a day.
Mr. CATTELL. No; I said a moderate
distillery. There is a great difference between
that and a very small distillery.
Mr. CAMERON. Not so much. I will
show that the Senator is still wrong. He says
that a moderate distillery will makelifty barrels
a day, upon which, at two dollars a gallon, the
tax would be §4,000 a day. Suppose a mod-
erate distillery should make one hundred bar-
rels a day, the tax on that at fifty cents a
gallon, taking the barrels at forty gallons each,
would be twenty dollars a barrel, or $2,000 a
day. It would not be a very immoderate dis-
tillery that would make two hundred barrels a
day, and there the tax would be $4,000 at
once. There, then, under this fifty-cent tax
is $4,000 daily temptation at a moderate dis-
tillery making two hundred barrels. Then
how much better off are we? The whole argu-
ment of the Senator from New Jersey was to
show that men could not stand the temptation
of large sums of money. 1 show him that in
that respect he is no better off by his proposed
reduction.
My notions are exactly those expressed by
the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,]
that we are now about to make a change of
Administration ; that the tax has not been col-
lected because we believe, and have so told
our constituents, that those in power have not
carried integrity into the performance of their
duty. I desire to go before the people at the
next, election and make that issue, and say to
them, "Elect our man, and we will put honest
and faithful people in power who will collect
this tax, and thereby save you from all other
taxation." On the other hand, by reducing
this tax, you admit that you are unfit for gov-
ernment—unfit to hold the reins of power.
Surely, if there is a proper tax in the world
it is one on an article which is so entirely a
luxury as this. Men who like whisky will
drink it, no matter what it costs.
The Senator from New Jersey told us that
it required years to make good whisky. Why,
sir, good whisky does not sell for one dollar
a gallon, nor two dollars either. Ordinary
whisky, and not the most expensive whisky
either, sells readily for five dollars a gallon ;
and upon a gallon of whisky which will sell
for five dollars two dollars is a small tax. To
be sure, a large amount of it, that which the
Senator from Kentucky said would kill at forty
yards, is sold for less than that. But I eannot
see any reason whatever why we, a party who
boast so much of our reform and our ability to
conduct the Government better than the other
party, should, on the eve of the election, admit
that we are unfit for the place to which we aspire.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, it would seem almost, from the persistent
attacks of Senators in relation to the amount
of the tax proposed by this bill to be placed
upon spirits, that there was a combination at
the last moment to defeat the bill. I am aware
that on this subject Senators as well as Rep-
resentatives are usually eloquent and some-
times prolix. The arguments that have been
advanced to-niglit are not new to me. Every
time Congress has met since the passage of the
law imposing two dollars a gallon upon whisky,
and every time that the facts have demonstrated
that it has not been collected, the law has been
amended, and each time we have said to our-
selves, '• This time at all events we will make
the penalties and forfeitures so severe that the
law will be enforcedand it is not all the
time since we have had 8. perverse Executive.
Before that, when we had officers recommended
by ourselves, the law was not and could not
be enforced.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How much did v/e col-
lect in 1864 ?
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to inquire
when the law fixing two dollars tax came into
effect.
Mr. SHERMAN. In March, 1865.
Mr. POMEROY. When since then had we
our friends in office?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have heard
various Senators say that it was a very novel
and unusual thing iu the Senate of the United
States when a Senator rose to speak that he
should be interrupted by colloquies from all
sides of the Senate. I have sometimes trans-
gressed in that respcct myself, but I do not
conceive it to be a proper precedent, and as I
do not propose to occupy over five minutes, I
prefer to have all of that time myself.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the Senatpr's par-
don.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. My colleague
says that the present tax can be enforced. I
think we have demonstrated by practical expe-
rience that it cannot be, and as a practical man
I think that we ought to legislate in view of
practical results. The truth is that the world
regards the transgression of laws which are
enacted for t.he enforcement of revenue, whether
foreign or domestic, not in the same light that
they do any other criminal transgressions, where
there is a forfeiture or a penalty of the peni-
tentiary annexed. It is only evil because it is
prohibited.- They do not feel that there is any
disgrace in evading a custom-house law or an
internal revenue law ; it is not evil in itself, but
merely evil because it is prohibited. You can-
not make the condition of a man who merely
transgresses a revenua law the same as that
of one who transgresses some other criminal
statute. Take for instance, as an illustration, '
diamonds. Diamonds are of no use ; they are
used by men aud women of wealth merely for
ornamentation ; and yet do we propose to levy
any such duty oil them as we do upon iron ?
No, sir ; the only amount of duty we levy upon
diamonds is ten per cent., and that is much
more than we can collect. The old duty was
a correct one, five per cent, upon diamonds ;
and at the time the duty was raised above
that we had then the evidence before us that
they could be freighted and delivered to parties
in New York for seven and a half per cent.,
with the duty paid, even if the duty was ten per
cent. Contracts were being entered into to
that effect. And now this very week 1 have
heard of parties here selling diamonds in the
street; I have no doubt they were foreign Jews
that brought them over, smuggled them in some
way, and never paid any duty upon them. Jf
the duty was reduced to five per cent. I have
no question but that we could collect treble the
amount we now do upon them. And yet it
was utterly i mpossible to get a vote in the House
of Representatives for any sum less than ten
per cent, upon diamonds; and if it shall result
here now to-night that this tax is kept at two
dollars a gallon on whisky, it will prove in the
end that we cannot collect it. Having faith-
fully tried for these last three years by some
means to enforce it, and never believing that
it could be collected, I am ready now to try
another experiment, and it may be but an ex-
periment; but I believe that the Committee of
Ways and Means of the House of Representa-
tives have labored long and faithfully on this
subject, and 1 am for accepting their conclusions
in the main, and adopting them here to-night.
I trust we shall have a vote on this question
and get through with this bill.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I voted against impos-
ing this tax ol two dollars a gallon originally,
and 1 hold now the same opinions I then held
with regard to the policy of its imposition. I
did not then believe that the law would be
enforced. I then believed that frauds would
