1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5?'?«"£• Kelds, Garfield, Hal-
w^in ,m t8' Hopkins, Hunter, Jalian, Kitchen,
m! ^ £?".enee, Logan,Loughridge, Mallory,
Maynard, McClursr, Mereur, Miller, Moore, Morrell,
Myers, Newcomb, O'Neill, Paine. Perham,
I Oisley.Pomeroy, Price, Rauui, Schenek.Selyo,Stark-
weather, Aaron i. btovens, Stokes ,Taffe,Trowbridge,
Upson Van Aernain Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van
Cadwalader C.Washburn,
iicnrvD. Washburn, William AS. Washburn, and Wil-
JiAni   imams—14,
t.JJAY,§~Mes,7s- Adams. Delos R. Ashley, Barnes,
o V,iBoySr'. ^ooks. Burr, Butler, Kldridge, Gets,
rr V rfn H'gby, Holman, Hotch-
5' n t £r • -IVl(;>bar^ Richard D. Hubbard, In-
fers oil, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Knott, Ivoontz, Georpre
V. Lftwrenyo, Marshall, McCormiek, Moorhead,
iwblack, Nicholson. Phelps, Plants. Randall. Ross,
{sawyer, bvotioM, Sifgreaves, Smith. Stewart, Taylor
Thomas, Lawrence S, Trimble, Van Auken, Van
Woodward—46.
. Ames, Anderson, Archer,
Axteli, Bailey, Baker, Banks, Barnum, Benjamin,
BinghairBoutwell,Cary, Chanler, Churchill, Cook,
Bawe?, Bodtfe. Jiia Eliot, Ferris.?, Kinney. Pox,
G.os.sbrenncr. Gravely, Grover, Hawkins, Hooper,
r 1 t- ^u^b^rii, ilulburd, Hu<mphrev, Jenckes,
Jndd, Kclley, Kelsey, Ketcham. Laflin, Lincoln.
Loan, Lynch, Marvin, McCarthy,McCulloch, Mor-
2812
kcr, Thomas Williams'James F. Wilson, John T.
Wilson. Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—60.
So the resolutions were laid on the table.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to make a privileged
report from the Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask
unanimous consent to be allowed to offer a
resolution in relation to the death of Mr.
Buchanan.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I object.
Mr. BLAINE. I ask leave to offer a reso-
tion on that subject.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pensylvania. I trust I
will be allowed to offer the resolution.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I insist upon my objec-
tion.
Mr. PAINE. I have been requested to
yield to the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Blaise] to offer a resolution. I will do so if
it gives rise to no debate.
Mr. RA N D ALL. I object to the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Blaine] offering the reso-
lution. L will not object to my colleague, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
offering the resolution, for I think he is the
proper person to present it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] objects to the resolu-
tion proposed by the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Blaine,] and the gentleman from Neiv
York [Mr. Van Wyes] objects to the one pro-
posed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevexs. ]
Mr. BLAINE. I desire it to be noted that
if any mark of respect upon the death of ex-
President Buchanan is prevented in this House
it is prevented by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Randall.]
Mr. RANDALL. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. WARD. I renew it.
admission 03? arkansas.
Mr. PAINE. I report back from the Conw^
mittee on Reconstruction the amendments of
the Senate to the bill (H. R, No. 1039) to
admit the State of Arkansas to representation
iti Congress. I will explain the position of
t!iis question. This bill, as passed by the
House, contained a certain fundamental con-
dition. The Senate amendment proposes to
change the language of that condition. The
Committee on Reconstruction recommend an
amendment to this amendment. The Senate
has also amended the preamble, and in the
latter amendment the committee recommend
concurrence. I will add that it is expected,
and, indeed, desired by the committee, that
from the action of the House on this question
a committee of conference will result; but it
is thought desirable that our action at the
present, time should take the form proposed
by the committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman does not
propose at this time to ask a committee of con-
ference.
Mr. PAINE. I do not, though it is ex-
pected that a conference committee will be the
TGSUlt
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
amendments of the Senate.
The Clerk read as follows:
First amendment:
Strike out in the bill all after the words "funda-
mental condition," and insert the following:
That there shall never be in said State any denial
©r abridgement of the elective franchise or of any
other right to any person by reason or 011 account of
race or color, excepting Indians not taxed.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Re-
construction propose to amend this amend-
ment by striking out all after the word "that,"
and inserting what will be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
The constitution of said State shall never be
amended or chansed so as to discriminate in favor
of or against any class of citizens of the United States
111 their right to vote who are now entitled to vote by
said constitution, except as a punishment for such
crimes as are now felonies at common law, whereof
they shall have been duly convicted: and no person
shall over be heJd to service or labor as a punish-
ment for Clime in said State except by public offi-
cers charged with the custody of convicts by the laws
thcicof.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now read
the second amendment of the Senate.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out in tho preamble after the word " repub-
lican" the words "in form;" so that it will read as
follows:
  Whereas the people of Arkansas, in pursuance of
the provisions of nn act entitled "An act for the
more efficient government of tho rebel States,"
passed March 2,1S07, and the acts su >plemeutary
thereto, have framed and adopted a constitution of
State government which is republican, and the
Legislature of said Sta 10 has duly ratilied the amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States pro-
posed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and known as
article fourteen: Theretoro.
^ Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion in connection with this bill. There must
bo some misunderstanding about it. This
report does not conic from the majority of the
Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. PAINE. I will explain to the House
exactly how the thing stands.
The SPEAKER. If it is disputed whether
this is a report from the committee, that ques-
tion must be submitted to the House.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Certainly
this is the report of the committee.
Mr. BROOKS. That is denied by myself,
and is not affirmed, I believe, by the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] lias not
been in the committee all day.
Mr. BROOKS. There were four members
in the committee; and I, being employed in
the Committee of Ways and Means, was to be
called in if any action on this subject should
be proposed. The gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Pajne] will, I think, confirm the state-
ment L-taake. On another bill the committee
gave permission, that a report should be made.
1 refer to the bill removing disabilities from
same persons in Arkansas.
/ The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule to be found on page Bo of the Digest.
The Clerk read as follows :
If it is disputed a report has been ordered to be
made by a committee the question of reception must
be put to the House.
Mr. PAINE. I wish to state before that is
put that I met the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] on his way to the committee-
room when I came from it, and he told mo that
he was going to another committee-room, and
if the committee wanted him he would attend.
I informed the committee of that fact. Tho
chairman stated that the gentleman from New
York had, when present, authorized the com-
mittee to proceed, counting him as present.
Mr. BROOKS. That is a mistake. I author-
ized myself to be called in case any vote was to
be taken. It appears that but four were pres-
ent. The committee consists of nine members.
I will say that I do not wish to delay action
on this subject, if the gentleman will allow
it to be presented and taken up at any time, 1
am willing that shall be done. Let the com-
mittee report at any time.
Mr, PAINE, I do not feel at liberty to
withdraw the report if I have the right to make
* , * have, 1 "will make it now.
The SPEAKER. The fact being disputed
the question_mnst be put to the House.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman who reports
it does not say it is from the majority.
The SPEAKER. He reports it in the usual
torm, and the gentleman disputes the fact.
Mr. BROOKS. If the gentleman will say
that five out of nine were present when the.
bill was ordered to be reported I will not mak©'
the point. '
Mr. PAINE. I do not say that.
1 he SPEAKER. That is for the House to
determine. A committee when full may author-
ize a smaller number to act.
Mr. BROOKS. I submit that is not a ques-
tion for the House. When a gentleman rises
and says that he is not authorized to report tho
bill by a majority of the committee, I say that
it cannot be received, for a minority cannot
report a bill. The gentleman from Vermont,
the gentleman from Michigan, the gentleman
from Illinois, the gentleman from New York,
and the gentleman from Massachusetts were not
present. A majority was not there to authorize
any bill to be reported.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must state
for himself whether he is authorized to report
by the committee, whether by the tacit or ex-
press consent of the members who were absent. .
If the gentleman insists on his objection, the
question will be put to the House.
Mr. BLAINE. All trouble about this report
can be avoided by putting it in such form that
we can then concur in the Senate amendment.
Mr. PAINE. I am obliged to my friend,
but I cannot put it in any such form. I was
informed by the chairman of the committee
I was authorized to make the report. I thought
when I came here that the gentleman from
New York had given bis authority.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman should take it for granted that he reports
it by the consent of the committee and stand by
the report without explanation. My colleague
on tho committee has not deigned to do so, and I
ask him to withdraw the report until to-morrow.
Mr. PAINE. I am not willing to comply
with the request under the circumstances.
Mr. l'ARNSWORTH. 1 ask whether it is
for the House to decide whether this report
was or not authorized to be made by the com-
mittee?
The SPEAKER . The rule is that if it be
disputed a report has been ordered to be made
by a committee the question of reception must
be put to the House. The House has heard
the facts and must decide for itself.
Mr. BLAINE. What will be the question
pending if the House receives the report?
The SPEAKER. The question on the Sen-
ate amendments.
Mr. BLAINE. If the House non-concur
the question will come directly upoa concur-
ring in the Senate amendments?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Are we to vote
whether the report has been properly made to
the House or not? I understand there is no
controversy about the facts. I understand
both of my colleagues on the committee agree
that a majority were not present. There were
only four members present, not enough to
authorize the report to be made. If so, then
the report does not come here properly. I ask
my friend to withdraw the report and offer it
again.
Mr. BLAINE. That is a mere question of
form.
Mr. ASIILEYr, of Ohio. Have tho amend-
ments been printed.
Mr. PAINE. I decline to withdraw the
report. The House can accept it or not.
Mr. BROOKS. I raise thequestion of order
that the gentleman from Wisconsin does not
state that he is authorized to make this report.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman did so
state when he rose, as the Chair understood.
Mr. BROOKS. He did not say he waa
authorized by the majority to make the report.
