1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3835
be sown broadcast through the country by it.
But all opposition to the rate proposed was
then unavailing. There were two classes of
pe'rsons who carried this tax. I do not allude
to those persons who thought this a legitimate
object of revenue and desired to get the largest
amount from it for the simple purpose of eas-
ing theTreasury ; I allude to two other classes:
first, those who look upon the manufacture of
whisky as an evil, a moral and social evil, in
the community, and desire, by virtue of the
law-making power of the United States to
repress the manufacture, to prevent the crea-
tion of the article. It is very true that we have
110 power here in Congress to destroy the pro-
duction of any article allowed to be created by
the laws of the several States, and an article
of common property and of common traffic in
the country. We can only operate upon prop-
erty in our revenue laws as a revenue question
for the purpose of obtaining money to theTreas-
ury. But, as I said before, there were a large
number of persons who had votes upon the pas-
sage of that bill or who had influence which they
exerted upon the men who passed that bill,
who thought it was a favorable opportunity to
introduce moral reform through the instru-
mentality of an act of Congress. There was
another class of men, those who had quantities
of whisky upon hand and who would receive
large additional amounts upon its sale if a law
should be passed taxing future production at
the rate of two dollars a gallon. That was
a powerful interest; and whether you regard
it now, as some gentlemen did, with favor or
not, the fact is undoubted that it had inlluence
and that it did exert its influence, and that
most efficiently, upon the action of Congress
fixing the rate at two dollars a gallon.
It was these two interests which fixed this
tax at two dollars, and we have tiied the ex-
periment for a period now somewhat exceed-
ing three years, and it lias been a failure $ and
not a failure merely so far as our revenue is
concerned, but a scandal and an evil in the
administration of the Government and in the
action of our people. And the question now
is, whether we shall retrace our steps, whether
we shall undo the work we then performed,
correct the error which we then committed, or
not. The House of Representatives have made
the attempt, and have sent to us the proposi-
tion upon which their opinions have finally
been concentrated ; and that is, that we shall
tax this article fifty cents a gallon in future,
instead of the extraordinary, improvident,
fruitless, mischievous, and evil rate of two
dollars, which we adopted m March, 1805.
Now, sir, what are the arguments against
this proposed change? I have listened to the
Senator from Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy ;] I
always listen to him with satisfaction and very'
often with instruction ; and I have also listened
to the astute and able Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Edmunds.] They have explored the
field of argument and have stated to us their
objections to this bill, and I suppose they are
the best ones that can be produced. What
are they? The Senator from Vermont states
two points. First, he says this is a question
of right or wrong ; is this tax right? if so, it
is to be maintained ; has the Government not
power to impose it? is this not a legitimate
object of taxation? is it not an insult to us
that our law shall be resisted, and should we
retire before the assaults of fraudulent men
and of objectors? As it is right let us enforce
it, says he.
Again, he says this is a question with regard
to machinery, the agents which we select to
administer the system and the provisions of
law by which they are authorized to enforce
the tax which we have imposed. These are
the two points which he suggests, but he omits
the most important one, and because he does
not touch that he doesnot touch the real point
of the argument in this debate.
This is a question of expediency. It is not
a question of right or wrong. There is no
moral question involved in whether whisky
should
pay
lilH cents or two d".H.u? tjx pei
gallon.^ It is a question of expediency in
arranging our revenue system ; and our expe-
rience is so manifestly and clearly against the
expediency of the present, rate that I think
there ought to be no hesitation in agreeing
with the House of Representatives to change
it. This is the answer, and I think the suffi-
cient answer, to the argument of the Senator
from Vermont, that he does not state the main,
true, real, important, vital question by which
this subject can be determined, and determ-
ined, in my judgment, right by the Senate.
The Senator from Kansas made two points,
also. The first was that the Government was
the holder of an immense quantity of whisky,
now twenty-five million gallons, an amount
which would stagger gentlemen almost when
they come to contemplate it. Think of the
Government of the United States holding as
owner twenty-five million gallons of this prop-
erty, now having it in hand and interested
in a market for its sale 1 The Senator con-
founded two things that are entirely distinct in
their character. He is alluding to the amount
of whisky in store owned by private individu-
als, held in storehouses, and not yet introduced
into market. The Government is not the
owner ; it has no direct necessary interest in
its sale. His whole argument is misconceived,
because it is founded upon a mistake. This is
private and not Government property. Well,
sir, that part of his argument which he stated
so triumphantly, which would have been very
powerful if it had been correct, must be put
aside ; there is nothing in that.
Then he recurred to the other argument
alwajs introduced when the debate pinches
upon questions of that kind. He introduced
the moral considerations involved in the dis-
cussion of such bills, and the one to which I
referred a short time since in the first remaiks
1 made, and that is, that this is an article of
production which ought to be discouraged by
the Government, repressed; that instead of
grain being turned into liquid and used in the
form of spirits by the people it should be con-
sumed as fiour or some other more innocent
and meritorious form.
These are all the arguments, so far as I re-
member, which have been stated against this
bill. Now, sir, instead of this two dollar tax
upon whisky having produced reform m the
country of anv kind, it has introduced evil and
mischief. It has produced no temperance re-
form, no apparent decrease in the consumption
of spirits as a drink. Nothing of that sort has
been secured, although this experiment has
been going on for three years ; but this tax has
sown fraud broadcast through the land, demor-
alized the people, or at least a portion of them,
and our public agents.
Upon the whole, Mr. President, the argu-
ment in favor of this bill, in my judgment, is
irresistible, and I shall vote for it with a per-
fectly clear mind, with a judgment entirely con-
vinced of its propriety.
There is only one other point to which I
will allude. The Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmonds] assails the selection of public agents
for the administration of our tax laws: par-
ticularly our agents concerned in the collection
of the tax on whisky. L consider that one of
the main reasons for the present unsatisfac-
tory condition of our public service is a law
which was introduced by himself and which was
passed by the Senate mainly upon the advocacy
given to it by himself and by the Senator from
Oregon, [Mr. Williams.] 1 mean the tenure-
of-ollice law. I do not believe you will have
a satisfactory administration of j'our revenue
system until that law shall be repealed, removed
from the statute-book, and you shall restore
complete power to the executive department
to select all the agents who are concerned in
the administration of our laws, particularly
our revenue laws. Until that is done you will
never have a satisfactory administration of this
or any other system connected with our reve-
nue.
Mr. POMEROY. I merely want to correct
a single statement of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania. What I: stated and the Senatorfrom
Pennsylvania replied to was this: that the
Government of the United States had twenty
five million gallons in bond ; that the interest
which the Government had in it was the tax.
It is in our warehouses, put in and held for the
tax at two dollars a gallon, and the interest of
the Government in it is $50,000,000. Some
say that we have more than that; but the
Finance Committee consider that there are at
least $50,000,000 worth to the Government in
bond, and you provide in this bill that it must
be taken out within a year. The House had it
six months; but you provide that it must be
taken out iu a year, and it cannot be taken
out without paying the tax. Then we are sure,
with any tolerable administration of this law,
if we do not manufacture a gallon, but shut up
every distillery during the year, that you will
be able to get, if it is fairly and honestly taken
out, $50,000,000.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I would like to ask the
Senator one question. I would like to know of
him how the Government can get $50,000,000
out of twenty-five million gallons of whisky,
when whisky sells in market at $1 25 and $1 50
a gallon ?
Mr. POMEIIOY. My point is that under
the law they are obliged to take it out within
a year, and they cannot get it out without pay-
ing the tax, or else it is forfeited; so that the
interest of the Government I say is not to
depreciate the price but to appreciate it, to
advance it. If you and I were holders in our
individual right, we would not strike it down to
sixty cents or fifty cents, when we held it and
had a sure claim on it at two dollars a gallon.
That is the interest of the Government which I
was trying to protect.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania informs us that the
legislation of Congress must be had entirely
with an eye to revenue, and that it is an unheard
of impropriety that we should have any refer-
ence m our legislation to any question of mor-
als ; that we have to do with the sum of money
that we can receive and with nothing else. I
wish to ask my honorable friend if 1 did not
misunderstand his position 
Mr. BUCKALEW. I spoke only with ref-
erence to the constitutional power to impose
taxes. The power exists only for the purposes
of revenue.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I did not mis-
understand the honorable Senator; but that
being so, I wish to ask him whether there has
not always been in the customs laws a series of
provisions that were based solely upon moral
considerations, prohibiting the introduction
into the country of a class of articles that the
public will suppose to be injurious to the
morals of the people? My friend from Penn-
sylvania knows, now that he is reminded of it,
perfectly well that that is so. Therefore it is
a little too late iu the year 18G8 to advance
the doctrine that when we are dealing with
subjects of taxation we have not a right to con-
sider questions of morals as considered with
the operation of such taxation.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I agree that the Gov-
ernment may do certain things with regard to
the introduction of articles from abroad under
the power to regulate commerce. I did not go
into that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand that the
laying of taxes on imports does not necessarily
come under the head of the regulation of com-
merce, any more than the laying of internal
taxes does; but I should like to have the Sen-
ator tell us what greater connection there is
between morals in the regulation of commerce
and morals in the imposition of taxes? That
would be a question for the casuists to de-
termine, which would take as long as it did the
Dutchman to determine whether a ghost could
go from one place to another without going
through the space between, which occupied, I
believe, twenty volumes.
My friend from Pennsylvania asserts that
after all the true question, which those who
believe in standing by this tax have lost sight
