1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
403
the innocence of the parties; in requiring them to
establish their iunoccnco instead of requiring the '
Government to prove their guilt; find in declaring
that their innocence can bo shown only in one way—
by an expurgatory oath."
Now, Mr. Speaker, without further occupy-
ing the time ot* the House or trespassing upon
the courtesy of my friend from Vermont, I
will close by calling the attention of the House
to this third section and the test-oath which
it prescribes to be taken by the voters of Mis-
souri:
"Skc. 3. At any election held by the people under
this constitution, or in pursuance of any law of this
State, or under any ordinance or by-law of any
municipal corporation, no person shall be deemed
a qualified voter who has ever been in armed hos-
tility to the United States, or to the lawful authori-
ties thereof, or to the government of this State, or
has ever given aid, comtort, countenance, or support
to persons engaged in any such hostility, or has ever
in any manner adhered to the euemies, foreign or
domestic,of the United States, either by contributing
to them, or by unlawlully sending within their lines
money, goods, letters, or inlorination, or has ever
disloyally held communication with such enemies,
or has ever advised or aided any person to enter
the service of such enemies, or has ever by act
or word manifested his adherence to the causc of
such euemies, or his desire tor their triumph over the
arms of the United States, or his sympathy with
those engaged in exciting or carrying on rebellion
against the United States; or has ever, except under
overpoweting compulsion, submitted to the author-
ity or been in the service of the so-called 'confed-
erate States of America/ or has ever left this State
and gone within the lines of the armies of the so-
called 'eoutederate States of America' with the pur-
pose of adhering to said States or armies; or has ever
been a member of or connected with any order,
society, or organization inimical to the Government
of the United States or to the government of this ;
State; or has ever been engaged in guerrilla war-
fare against loyal inhabitants of the Uuited States,
or in that description of maraudingcominonly known t
as 'bushwhacking;' or has ever knowiugly and will- .
fully harbored, aided, or countenanccd any person
so engaged; or has ever come into or left this State
for the purposeof avoiding cnrollmentfor ordraftinto
the military service of the United States; orhascver,
with a view to avoid enrollment in the militia of this
State, or to escape the performance of duty therein,
or tor any other purpose, enrolled himself or author-
ized himself to be enrolled by or before any olheer
as disloyal, or as a southern sympathizer, or in any
other terms indicating his disaffection to the Govern-
ment of the United States in its contest with rebel-
lion, or his sympathy with those engaged in such
rebellion; or having ever voted at any election by
the people in this State, or in anjr other of the
United States, or in any of their Territories, or held
office in this State, or in any otner of the United
States, or in any of their Territories, or under
the United States, shall thereafter have sought or
received, under claim of alienage, the protection
of any foreign Government, through any consul or
other otiieer thereof, in order to secure exemption
from military duty in the militia of this State, or in
the Array of the United States; nor shall any such
person be capable of holding in this State any office
of houor, trust, or profit under its authority, or of
being an officer, couuciiman, director, trustee, or
other manager of any corporation, public or private,
now existing or hereafter established by its author-
ity ; or of acting as proi'es&or or teacher in any educa-
tional iqstitutiou or in any common or other school,
or of holding any real estate orother property in trust
for the use of any church, religious society, or cougre-
gation. liut the foregoing provisions in relation to
acts done against the United States shall not apply
to any; person not a citizen thereof who shall have
committed such acts while in the service of some
foreign country at war with the United States, and
who has sincc such acts been naturalized, or may
hereafter be naturalized underthe laws of the United
States; andthcoathot loyalty hereinafter prescribed,
when taken by any such person, shall be considered as
taken in such sense."
" Sec. 6. The oath to be taken as aforesaid shall he
known as the oath of loyalty, and shall be in the
following terms:
" I, A B, do solemnly swear that I am well ac-
quainted with the terms of the third section of the
sccond article of the constitution of the State of
Missouri, adopted in the year 1865, and have care-
fully considered the same; that! have never, directly
or indirectly, done any of the acts in said section
specified; that I have always been truly and loyally
on the side of the United States against all enemies
thereof, foreign and domestic: that I will bear true
faith and allegiance to the United States, and will
support the Constitution and laws thereof as the
supreme law of the land, any law or .ordinance of
any State to the contrary notwithstanding; that I
will, to the best of my ability, protect and defend
the Union of the United States, and not allow the
same to be broken up and dissolved or the Govern-
ment thereof to be destroyed or overthrown under
any circumstances, if in my power to prevent it; that
I will support the constitution of the State of Mis-
souri; and that I makethisoath without any mental
reservation or evasion, and hold it to bo binding on
me."
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, it seems to
me that this desultory constitutional discussion,
arising at the close of a contested-election case,
can be of 110 profit whatever, either to the House
or to the country, and I should have called the
previous question when I first resumed the
floor had 1 supposed the matter was going to
lead to this discursive debate. The committee
was entirely agreed in reference to the dispo-
sitior of this subject, and I do not apprehend
it is i rofitable to take up a great deal of time
in reference to our notions of law, as any
debate we may have on this subject settles
nothing. Therefore I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the House adopted the following
resolutions:
Metolved, That James II. Birch is not entitled to a
Beat in this House as a Representative in thcFortieth
Congress from the sixth congressional district of Mis-
souri.
Itcaolvcd, That Robert T. Van Horn is entitled to
a seat in this House as a Representative in the For-
tieth Congress from the sixth congressional district
of Missouri.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolutions were adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
abolition of internal revenue tax.
Mr. BROOMALL. by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Itemlvcd. That the Committee of Ways and Means
bo directed to inquire into the expediency of imme-
diately abolishing the internal revenue tax on man-
ufactures of cotton, wool, iron, and steel.
impeachment.
Mr. BROOMALL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following preamble and
resolution:
Whereas the vote recently given in the House of
Representatives on the question of impeachment of
the President is liablo to be construed into an affirm-
ance of the position taken by the minority of the
Judiciary Committee upon the law of impeachment,
and thereby drawn into a precedent not sanctioned
by the judgment of this body : Therefore,
Jieaohtd, That in the opinion of the members of
the House of Representatives the power of impeach-
ment of public officers for official misconduct is not
limited to those offenses which are indictable under
the laws of tho United States.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
soldiers' bounty, etc.
Mr. HARDING. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution :
Retained. That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to report a bill to this House, if they
deem it expedient, which shall provide that pay or
bounty withheld from persons who were late soldiers
in tho Union Army because of sentences or orders or
convictions which have been reversed or set aside,
shall bo paid to them or to their heirs as if no such
proceedings had existed.
And that the department of military justice be
required to establish convenient tribunals in which
such persons whose pay and bounty and honorable
discharge have been withheld because of charges for
desertion or other cause, and upon which no trial
has been had, may appear and vindicate themselves
and rebut the prima facie case against them, and re-
ceive from said tribunal certificates of acquittal from
such charges which shall entitlo them to honorable
discharges and to pay and bounty that may have
been withheld.
Objection was made.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and tweuty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BEAMAN: Resolutions of the com-
mon council of the city of Adrian, in the State
of Michigan, touching the duty of protecting
American citizens at home and abroad.
By Mr. BROOMALL: The petition of N.
H. Coverdale, of Delaware, for relief from pen-
alty of failure to fulfill a contract with the Navy
Department, occasioned by Government seizure
of his vessels.
By Mr. KELLEY: A memorial of over
I,500 manufacturers and operatives engaged
in the production of articles by hand-looms in
the fourth congressional district of Pennsylva-
nia, praying for tho repeal of the direct taxes
on their productions.
By Mr. McCLURG: A memorial and peti-
tion of loyal delegates in the Virginia conven-
tion.
By Mr. MARVIN: The petition of David
De Vol, Catharine Stevens, and others, inhabit-
ants of Moreau, Saratoga county, New York,
relative to the cruel treatment of the Indians,
and praying for an investigation into the con-
duct of certain officers of the Army.
Also, the petition of George S. Ames, D. J.
Potter, George F. Watson, and others, citizens
of the eighteenth congressional district of New
York, praying for action in reference to the
treatment of onr naturalized citizens iu foreign
countries, particularly in the kingdom of Great
Britain.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of 1,G00
manufacturers and operatives engaged in the
production of articles by hand-looms in the
third congressional district of Pennsylvania,
asking a repeal of the tax now levied on such
articles.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of A. H.
Galloway, relating to bounties.
By Mr. PERIIAM: The petition of Lucius
S. F. Reed, late a private in company D first
Vermont cavalry, for arrearages of pension.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of James
Hibben, of Jamestown, Ohio, praying Con-
gress to pay him principal and interest on Con-
tinental scrip of $55.
By Mr. SPALDING: The petition of A. B.
Stone and others, citizens of Ohio, for a change
in the system oF internal r.evenue taxation.
Also, a memorial of the same and others,
citizens of Ohio, in relation to appointments to
office.
By Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri: The peti-
tion of citizens of Butler county, Missouri, for
the establishment of United States circuit and
district courts at Kansas City.
Also, petitions of citizens of Cass county,
ior same purpose.
Also, the petition of citizens of Jackson
county, asking for the same.
By Air. WELKER: The petition of N. B.
Eastman, James Ross, and 120 others, citizens
of Medina county, Ohio, asking that pensions
be granted to surviving officers and privates of
the army in the war of 1812; and also asking
pensions for the surviving widows of such offi-
cers and soldiers who have died.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: A memorial
of W. D. Kelly, and 31 others, manufacturers
of Iron ton, Ohio, on the subject of a reform in
our system of internal taxation.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 9, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday, and having continued for soma
time,
Mr. STEWART. I move that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
Several Senators. No, no.
Mr. STEWART. If there is any objection
to it I will withdraw the motion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think I must object
to it. At this stage of the session it is very
unusual.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the reading will be proceeded
with.
The Secretary resumed, and concluded the
reading of the Journal.
enrolled bills signed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the
followingenvolledjointresolutions; which were
signed by the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives yesterday:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 70) authoriz-
ing Rear Admiral H. K. Thatcher to accept
a decoration from the king of the Hawaiian
islands;
