2812
THE C0NGHES8IO1O& '©LOBE
Jul# %
- The SPEAKER. . If .the .House so undw-
stands if. will vote accordingly.
Mr. BROOKS. If the gentleman will state
positively that he was authorized by the major-
ity to make the report, I will not interpose
the point of order, because I have the highest
confidence in the gentleman's honor.
Mr. PAINE. I have already stated the
factsnow I desire a vote on receiving or
rejecting the report. I will state further  
The SPEAKER. No farther debate is in
order.
The question was taken on receiving the
report of the Committee on Reconstruction ;
and there were—ayes 55, noes 56.
So the House refused to receive the report.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move that the
amendments be printed.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will it not all appear in
the Globe?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. MAYNARD. If it is printed in the
Globe that will answer every purpose.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I withdraw the
motion.
deficiency bill.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I rise to
a privileged question. I desire to have the
bill (H. R. No. 1117) to supply partial defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service
• of the fiscal year ending on the 30th of June,
1868, which has been returned from the Senate
with amendments, taken from the Speaker's
table, and referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
The motion was agreed to.
internal tax bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into the
Co m mi ttee of the Whole on the internal tax bill.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent, as it was made a special
order after the morning hour, and there has
as yet been no morning hour.
recess to-day.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I desire to say that
I'wish all general debate on the tax bill may
end between now and midnight, and for that
purpose, if we cannot get into Committee of
the Whole, so as to take a recess at half past
four o'clock this afternoon, I propose to move
that when the House adjourns this afternoon
it take a recess till half past seven this evening,
with a view of going into Committee of the
Whole on the tax bill. There are some half a
dozen gentlemen who desire to speak at more
or less length within the hour rule, and I desire
they shall have an opportunity. But I feel it
incumbent on me to make an effort to-morrow
to stop all general debate under the hour rule
and proceed with the debate on amendments.
The SPEAKER. The effect of this motion,
if agreed to, will be atwhatever hour the House
sees fitto take a recess to-day, at half past four
or five o'clock, it will meet at half past seven
in the evening.
The motion to take a recess was agreed to.
removal of a suit.
Mr. THOMAS. I rise to make a privileged
report. 1 report back from the Committee on
the Judiciary the joint resolution (H. R. No.
284) to provide for the removal of a suit pend-
ing in the circuit court of Jefferson county,
West Virginia, to the circuit court of the United
States, which was referred to the committee
yesterday with authority to report it back at
any time. The committee recommend its
passage.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that whereas a suit in ejectment is now pend-
ing in the circuit court of Jefferson county, in
West Virginia, against the tenant in posses-
sion to recover possession of the Harper's Ferry
property, owned by the United States, and it
is doubtful whether under any existing law of
the United States the said suit can be removed
to the circuit court of the United States, it is
therefore resolved that it shall be the duty of
the circuit court of the United States for the
district of West Virginia, if in session, or to
the judge thereof in vacation, on the applica-
tion ofthe defendant in said suit, showing that
the property sought to be recovered by the said
suit is owned or claimed by the United States,
under color of title, and verifying the facts set
out in such application by his affidavit, to issue
a writ of certiorari, directed to the said State
court, directing it to send the record and pro-
ceedings in said suit to the said circuit court
of the United States, in duplicate, which writ
shall be delivered to the clerk of the said State
court or left at his office by the marshal ofthe
said district or his deputy or other person
thereto duly authorized, and thereupon the said
State court shall stay all further proceedings
in said suit, and upon the return of the said
writ the said suit shall be docketed in the said
circuit court of the United States and there
proceeded in according to law; and all further
proceedings had therein in the said State court
shall be null and void.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. THOMAS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
election contest—m'iiee vs. young.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I am requested by several members of
the Committee of Elections to move that the
majority and minority reports and the accom-
panying papers in the case of McKee vs. Young
be recommitted to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed bills of the following titles in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House:
A bill (S. No. 266) to regulate the foreign
and coasting trade on the northern, northeast-
ern, and northwestern frontiers ofthe United
States, and for other purposes ;
A bill (S. No. 252) to create an additional
land district in the State of Minnesota;
A bill (S. No. 492) to extend the time for the
construction of the Southern Pacific railroad
in the State of California ; and
A bill (S. No. 438) authorizing the trustees
of Union chapel of the Methodist Episcopal
church in the city of Washington to mortgage
their property for church purposes.
first military district.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Sec-
retary of War, transmitting a communication
from the general commanding the first mil-
itary district, with estimates of appropriations
required for reconstruction purposes in that
district; which, with the accompanying papers,
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
election in alabama.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, transmitting a communi-
cation from the General of the Army, with a
report from Major General Meade, command-
ing the third military district, relative to the
recent election in Alabama, supplemental to
his report sent to the House on the 27th of
March last; which, with the accompanying
papers, was referred to the Committee on
Reconstruction, and ordered to be printed.
political disabilities in virginia.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, transmitting, at the sugges-
tion of the General of the Army, a communi-
cation from the commanding general of the
first military district relative to the disqualifi-
cation of certain civil officers by the State con-
stitution of the State of Virginia' which,-with
the accompanying papers, was referred to the
Committee on Reconstruction, and ordered to
be printed.
custom-house at toledo, ohio.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary ofthe Treasury, transmitting, incom-
pliance with the resolution of the House of the
18th ultimo, a communication from the super-
vising architect, recommending the disposal
of the present custom-house at Toledo, Ohio,
and the erection of another in a more central
locality.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move that the
letter with the accompanying communication
be referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
sutro canal.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada, by unanimous
consent, from the Committee on Mines and
Mining, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1153) to
aid in the construction of the Sutro canal;
which was read a first and second time, recom-
mitted to the committee, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
iowa and missouri state line railroad.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on the Public Lands, re-
ported back with amendments the bill (H. R.
No. 651) granting lands to thelowaand Missouri
State Line Railroad Company, and for other
purposes, and moved that the same be recom-
mitted to the committee and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
commenced, and reports are in order from the
Committee on the Public Lands.
common schools in district of columbia.
Mr. JULIAN, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do not pass, the bill (H. R.
No. 248) to grant lands for the aid of common
schools in the District of Columbia; and the
same was laid on the table.
homestead law.
Mr. JLLIAN, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, made an adverse report upon the
petition of citisens of Nebraska, praying for
an amendment to the homestead law ; and the
'same was laid on the table.
government lands in south carolina.
Mr. JULIAN moved that the Committee on
the Public Lands be discharged from the further
consideration of resolutions of the constitu-
tional convention of South Carolina, approv-
ing the petition of certain citizens of South
Carolina relative to certain lands bi-loii"inf to
the Government, and that the same be referred
tome Committee on Freedmen's Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
protestaxt un iversity.
Mr. JULIAN, from the Committee on the
1 ubiic Lands, made an adverse report on the
memorial of the Protestant University ofthe
t nited States, praying for a grant of land for
educational purposes : and the same was laid
on the table.
heirs of phillip renault.
moved that the Committee on
the i ubheLands be discharged from the further
consideration of the papers in the case of the
