1788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March lO*
Comptroller to detail a clerk to perform the
manual labor of signing the multitude of papers
and certificates required under the bounty acts.
The Auditor states that on many days it takes
him five hours simply to sign his name, a man-
ual labor which may as well be done by a clerk.
The whole of this labor will be over, as he says,
in six months. By the 1st of November he
thinks the whole of this work can be finished.
We have limited the bill to one year.
The PRESIDENTpro tempere. The amend-
ment suggested by the Senator from Iowa will
be made.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the word " di-
rected '' occurs a second time in the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The same
change will be made wherever it occurs. The
question is on the amendment reported by the
committee as a substitute for the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I am in favor of this bill.
I hope it will pass. I desire simply to call the
attention of the Senate to the facility with
which it now appropriates $50,000, or more,
to carry on a small part of the business of a
certain department of this Government, and
to contrast it with its hesitation in making a
much smaller appropriation to carry on the
important business of another department.
Mr. CORBETT. I move to amend the
third section by inserting after the word "New
York" the words " and San Francisco," and
making such other grammatical changes as
will be rendered necessary by that amend-
ment.
Mr. CONNESS. I think that is right.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have 110 objection to
it. Let the section be read as it will stand if
amended.
The Secretary read as follows :
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Assist-
ant Treasurers of the United States in the cities of
Now York and San Francisco be, and they are hereby,
directed to pay duplicate checks for bounties gran ted
under the said act, upon notice and proof of tile loss
of the original eheek or checks, under such regula-
tions as the Secretary of the Treasury may direct.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest to the chair-
man of the committee who has this bill in
churge that it seems to me not very good
taste to put into a law a requirement that sol-
diers and sailors alone shall be employed as
clerks or that the preference shall be given to
soldiers and sailors. I agree entirely with the
design of the bill, that in the employment of
clerks by an officer it is very proper that the
claims of those who have been in the service
should receive consideration, and, everything
else being equal, I think tliey ought to be
favored ; but 1 doubt the propriety of putting it
into a law that the head of a Department shall
be compelled to make this discrimination. I
would rather leave that to the good judgment
and good sense of the head of the Department
who employs these clerks.
Mr. SHERMAN. The substance of this
language is already in a joint resolution that
has passed both Houses of Congress. I cer-
tainly would not have introduced this lan-
guage in the bill. It was in the bill when it
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
But there was this special reason why it might
properly be in this bill and yet not be in any
other. These clerks are merely appointed
temporarily to examine certain matters with
whicR every soldier and officer must be famil-
iar—the discharge papers and the various
papers of a soldier; and, therefore, there is
reason why soldiers might be selected to ex-
amine these muster-rolls and to examine the
various papers with which they must be famil-
iar. A common soldier wouid perfectly un-
derstand every paper that is contained in the
history of a soldier. We therefore did not see
proper to strike it out. If the Senator moves
to strike it out I have no objection; but it
does not impair the efficiency of the bill, and
really there is no objection to having it there.
Mr. CONNESS. The only objection I see
to the language is not the one stated by the
Senator from Illinois. I think that a discrim-
ination should be made in favor of the soldiers
and sailors, and, if so, it may be expressed.
When tliey have the necessary capacity and
ability I think it is due to the soldiers and sail-
ors to give a preference to the*, and I would
do it in every case. But as the bill now reads
there is no certainty that, following his pro-
clivities, the Secretary of the Treasury Will not
take soldiers and sailors of the confederate
army. There is no certainty that he will con-
fine himself to soldiers and sailors of our side.
I remember a case t-hat may come to the mem-
ory of the chairman of the committee who
reported this bill, where a party was urged upon
him for confirmation by the Senate for a certain
appointment, upon the ground that he was a
one-armed man, and had lost his limb in the
war, and when the honorable Senator from
Ohio came to examine the case he found it was
true, but that the man had lost his arm on the
rebel side. That is the only objection I have
to the provision. I think you should insert
after the words "soldiers and sailors" the
words " of the Army and Navy of the United
States.''
Mr. SHERMAN. Those words are in the
Dill.
Mr. CONNESS. Then, of course, what I
have said has no application.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to have the third
section, as it now stands amended, again read.
The Secretary read the third section as
amended, as follows:
Srcc. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Assistant
Treasurers of the United States in the cities of New
York and San J?rancisco be, and thoy aro heroby,
directed to pnyduplieate checks for bounties granted
under the said act upon notice and proof of tho loss
of the original check or checks, under such regula-
tions as the Secretary of tho Treasury may direct.
Mr. CORBETT. Since I last saw this bill
I find that there has been an insertion in it of
some words applying it principally to bounties.
I desired to make the amendment that I of-
fered apply to other checks, for this reason:
There are instances that I know of on the Paci-
fic coast where checks have been lost and the
money is standing to the credit of officers of the
United States in San Francisco, and has been
for two or three years, and they are unable to
get the money out of the Treasury. I desire
to amend that section so that it will apply to
other checks at the end of two years, under
such regulations as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may prescribe. He of course will require
bonds, and that will be a perfect protection to
the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was to avoid that very
abuse of this section that I made the motion
to refer the bill to the Committee on Finance.
The discovery now made by my friend from
Oregon shows the importance of it. As a
matter of course an authority to pay lost
checks would be a very dangerous one, unless
it was very carefully limited. Under the reg-
ulations of the Treasury Department a lost
check is never paid on a duplicate, except
upon bond given. But it would be idle-to
require a soldier who has merely lost one of
his papers to give a bond. We have limited
the operation of the section simply to claims
for bounty; but in all other cases they must
give bonds. As a matter of course the Senate
will see the impropriety of extending that pro-
vision of law intended for the benefit of the
soldiers to large claims where hundreds of
thousands of dollars may be involved.
Mr. CORBETT. If the Senator from Ohio
will point me to the provision of law whereby
persons who have lost checks can obtain their
money by giving bonds that will be satisfactory
to me; but I have known of instances in which
bond has been offered and the officers have
declined to pay, in San Francisco. For that
reason I wish to offer an amendment to enable
people to get their money where they lose their
checks, provided the Government can be prop-
erly protected. I see no reason why they
should not have their money or why they should
be kept out of their money for three or four
years or forever because they have lost their
checks. I move, therefore, to amend the third
section in the third line by striking out the
words " for bounties granted under the said
act," and by inserting in line four, after the
word "checks," the words " at the end of two
years, where such original checks have not
been presented;" so that the section will
read:
That the Assistant Treasurers of tlic United States
in tho cities of New York and San Francisco be, and
they are hereby, directed to pay duplicato checks
upon notice and proof of the loss of the original
check or checks, at the end of two years whero such
original checks have not been presented, under such
regulations as the Seeretary of tho Treasury may
direct.
The question being put, the amendment was
declared to be rejected.
Mr. CORBETT. I think this cannot be un-
derstood. I think there can be no objection
to thus limiting the time to two years. It cer-
tainly cannot work any harm, and there are now
people who are very unjustly kept out of their
money.
Mr. SHERMAN. lean assure the Senator
that it would be very idle, even with a full
Senate, to consider a proposition of this kind
without full debate. It is one of the most deli-
cate questions in the world. When we ought
to pay such cheeks, and what regulations
should be required, are points of great import-
ance, and should be well considered at the
Treasury Department. I trust the Senator
will not divide the Senate on a question of this
kind.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator ask for a division of the Senate on his
amendment?
Mr. CORBETT. No, sir; there does not
appear to be any desire for this amendment on
the part of the gentleman from the Pacific
coast, and I am disposed to withdraw it.
Mr. CONNESS. I cannot help thinking
that the amendment of the Senator from Ore-
gon is right. I know it is liableto difficulties,
but these difficulties occur on this side also.
Senators should know that there is a very
strong existing reason for these payments be-
ing made there, and for lost chccks being paid
there. The only trouble it will create will be
a regulation to be established by the Secretary
of the Treasury, as I understand. I ask for a
division on the question, and hope the Chair
will put the vote again on the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question again on the amendment
of the Senator from Oregon.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am not very well satis-
fied with the original section. I believe it
will be found to be mischievous in effect. I
acquiesced in the report so fir as that section
was concerned, but it does not commend itself
to my judgment. I think it is throwing down
the bars and opening the door to the Treasury
wilhout sufficient guards and checks.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator will permit
me, I will ask him if it is a rule established for
this side why should it not also be for the
other side? It is a mere facility.
Mr. WILLIAMS. , I beg pardon of the Sen-
ator ; the section has already been so amended
as to apply equally both to San Fransisco and
to New York; and now the proposition is to
make it, applicable everywhere, so that any
clicck issued under any circumstances, for any
purpose, may b8 paid without requiring any
securities or guards by law, leaving it alto-
gether discretionary with the Secretary to fix
some regulation. That section does not pro-
vide when, where, or how this notice and proof
are to be made. Does it mean that before the
duplicate check is paid notice shall be given to
the Secretary of the Treasury and proof filed
in the Treasury Department; or does it mean
that upon notice and proof filed with the Assist-
ant Treasurer in San Francisco or in New York
the duplicate check may be issued ? It is al-
together too loose to suit me ; I only consented
to it because there is such an appeal made for
poor soldiers and sailors ; and it is thought it
will work a hardship to these people if they are
put to the trouble of making additional evi-
dence ; but I cannot consent to extend the
section.
