1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3837
floor from my friend from California, who
yielded to me merely for explanation.
Mr. YATES. I will yield the floor to the
Senator from California, if he wishes it.
Mr. CONNI5SS. No, sir ; go 011.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I do not think
I should have paid a word on this subject but
for the insinuation which has been made that
the advocates of the reduction of the taxare
in so me way or other associated with the whisky
ring. I have not the pleasure of knowing any
of that honorable fraternity. 1 will state that
in the beginning I was in favor of the imposi-
tion of the two-dollar tax. But, sir, when it
is intimated that the advocates of a reduc-
tion are in the interest of the whisky ring, I
respond that the gentlemen are very unfortu-
nate, indeed. They go upon the presumption
that the whisky ring men can make more money
when the tax is fifty cents on the gallon than
they can when the tax is two dollars on the
gallon—rather an unreasonable presumption, I
think. What inducement is there that the
whisky ring should be in favor of the reduction
of the tax ? Is not their margin great enough
now ? Will they leave the rich fields, in which
they have garnered so much wealth, with a
margin of two dollars to the gallon, to make
immense fortunes upon fifty cents tothegallon ?
I say most unfortunate are these Senators.
The experience of the country is against them.
Under the system of two dollars on the gallon
we have seen frauds which have shocked the
sense of the nation, which have astounded the
good and patriotic and honest of the land, and
filled the whole country with demoralization
and corruption. And yet these Senators say
they are not in the interest of the whisky ring,
and that the advocates of reduction are, when
they are keeping wide open these doors to the
continued commission of frauds.
I admit the correctness of the argument of
the Senator from Vermont in so far as he says
that we should tax luxuries more than we do
the necessaries of life. That is a correct prin-
ciple. But, sir, the question now is whether
we are to recognize this trade as lawful or not.
If we are opposed to the manufacture and sale
of ardent spirits then it is our duty as legis-
lators not to collect a revenue at all from it, or
we must tax it to the extent of absolute pro-
hibition in order to carry out the doctrine for
which the Senator contended. For instance,
it is contended in many of the eastern States
and in some of the western States that a State
government which issues licenses to the grocery
men is deriving a revenue from unlawful enter-
prises. What is tins, if you carry out the same
argument, but a license to the manufacturer
of alcoholic liquor, that if ho will pay two dol-
lars upon the gallon he may continue his trade,
however pernicious to society, however demor-
alizing, however much it fills the land with
misery and woe?
lint the question for us to decide, and which
we must act upon, is this: do we recognize by
taxation thai, the enterprise of manufacturing
ardent spirits is a lawful one? If we do, then
we must not administer oppressive taxation,
burdensome taxation, to any lawful enterprise.
While we may justly discriminate to a certain
extent between the tax upon luxuries and neces-
saries, yet if we admit that we can tax the article
at all, and that the enterprise is a lawful one,
then the tax must not be unreasonable. That
is the question for the Senator to decide when he
argues upon the mere morality of the question.
But, sir, 1 rose simply to say that 1 am not
afraid of being identified with the whisky ring,
when we propose to close ui*the avenues by
which they have made immense fortunes, and
filled the iand with corruption, when by reduc-
ing the tax to a proper limit it can be col-
lected, and when we know by sad experience
that the present rate of tax not only cannot
be collected, but has been a disgrace to the
country in which we live.
Mr. CONNESS and Mr. DAVIS addressed
the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. I will yield to the honorable
Senator from California, as he yielded court-
eously to the Senator from Vermont a few min-
utes ago, and lost the floor.
Mr. CONNESS. Not at aa; go on, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I do not intend
to say many words. I am very fond of a joke,
but 1 think that the finest joke of the season
has been cracked to-night when it was an-
nounced solemnly that the Radical party dis-
dained success and adopted principle alone as
its polar star. I think that is about as ludic-
roirs, when compared with the practices of
the party, as anything could well be.
Mr. President, the experience of the world,
as has been suggested by one of the Senators
from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] has established
this truth in all countries: that where taxes
reach to an excessive point collection becomes
impossible. The whisky tax in the last few
years has proved the truth of that proposition
again. When the tax was twenty cents at
first, and afterward fifty cents, the amount of
revenue produced was thirty-eight million dol-
lars and a fraction. The amount of the collec-
tions has never been equal to that sum since,
except one year, and that was the year before
the fiscal year that has just closed. I under-
stand that the produce of the tax for the year
that closed on the 30th of June last was abont
fifteen millions; in 1864 it was thirty-eight
millions and a fraction. The highest rate of
tax during the year, if [ recollect aright, was
fifty cents a gallon. Part of the year it was
twenty cents and part of the year fifty cents a
gallon.
Mr. WILSON". The amount collectod was
$28,000,000, instead of §38,000,000.
Mr. DAVJS. Twenty-eight million dollars.
I thank the honorable Senator for correcting
me. So that under the tax of last year of two
dollars per gallon the produce was only a little
more than half of the amount produced when it
was twenty cents and fifty cents a gallon. The
honorable Senator fiom Vermont [Mr. Ed-
munds] attributes this to the faithlessness of
the power at the other end of the avenue. I
have been expecting that that honorable Sena-
tor or some other Radical Senator would at-
tribute the coming of the locusts to the same
cause, [laughter,] for I suppose the power
at the other end of the avenue had as much to
do with the one as the other.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is certainly a
strong analogy between the two instances.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. I will give another fact to the
honorable Senator. I have seen a comparison
of the amount of falling off of the revenue in
the different districts, the appointments of
which were controlled by the Executive, and
the districts that were ratified by the confirm-
ing power of the Senate, and the_ aggregate
amount, and the amount in detail is in favor
of the districts where the Executive alone con-
trolled the appointments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to see the
abstract.
Mr. DAVIS. I will make the issue with the
honorable Senator, and I wilL compare notes
with him critically and according to the record.
As it has been shown to me, the amount of
falling off in detail, and in the aggregate, in
the districts controlled entirely by the Senate
was greater than it was in the districts con-
trolled by the Executive.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him if he has that table here?
Mr. DAVIS. I have not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask him what dis-
tricts he refers to?
Mr. DAVIS. A great many.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Can he name some of
them? Was New Orleans one ?
Mr. DAVIS. I will bring up the whole
matter in detail at a more convenient season,
and I will confront the honorable Senator.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to inquire if the
district of which Steadman was collector was
one ?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
should like to say one word on that point,, if
the Senator from Kentucky has no objection.
I saw that statement as it was printed in the
newspapers, and wrote a letter to Mr. Rollins
to know as to the facts. He replied to me that
there was not one word of truth in it from
beginning to end; that he had had nothing
whatever to do with the appointments since
the Philadelphia convention, and that that
statement was totally false.
Mr. DAVIS. My honorable friend mistakes
my statement. I did not state, nor did the
statement which I saw make Mr. Rollins re-
sponsible for the appointments; but it made
the Senate responsible for the appointments.
I will give an example. 1 had nominated in
a particular collection district in Kentucky five
or six of the best business and most honest
men in the district; and each of them success-
ively was rejected by the Senate until an
inferior and a less successful collector was
eventually forced into the place. But I will
bring that matter up at a more convenient
season, and with a little more authenticity.
What I am after now is this: that as the hon-
orable Senator from Oregon demonstrated with
so much force this evening, whenever you raise
the tax upon any article beyond a given point
you make it an uneollectable tax and you neces-
sarily produce frauds and evasions. _ That is
the exact condition in which the whisky tax
exists now and has existed for the last two or
three years. The whisky costs in the produc-
tion of it from thirty to forty cents a gallon.
There is a tax imposed upon it of five times and
more than five times the original cost. When-
ever you lay a tax that has that disproportion
to the cost of a particular article, you neces-
sarily lay out a scheme for every kind of fraud
and perjury and evasion of which the subject is
susceptible. Such have been the operation
and the effect of the tax of two dollars a gallon
upon whisky.
A good deal is said about the LL whisky
ring'' here. The distillers in my State do not
belong to the whisky ring. As I understand,
the whisky ring is composed of men who deal
in the article upon which the tax has not been
paid. So the producers in my State understand
it. They know that they make the best arti-
cle that is brought into market, and all they
desire is that the tax, whatever it may be, shall
be fairly collected. If you impose a tax of
two dollars upon them, all that they desire is
that the producers in New York and Brooklyn,
and everywhere else, shall be made to pay
faithfully the same tax ; because, whenever
other distillers are bound by the law and by
the administration of the law to pay the same
rate of tax that they pay, they can force the
other distillers out of the market, because they
can afford to sell as low and they will sell a
superior article. The distillers in Kentucky
do not complain of the rate of tax so much as
they do that it is so high that it is not and can-
not be collected. No fact is better authenti-
cated than this. You may go into the New
York markets, and you may find wliisky
branded properly, as having passed inspection
and having paid the tax, that can be purchased
at from a dollar and a half to two dollars a
gallon. That proves only this general fact,
that that whisky has passed into market with-
out paying the tax ; it has passed into the
market by fraud, by perjury, by the defalcation
of the officers whose duty it was to see that the
tax had been paid.
It is these abuses and imperfections of the
system of which the distillers in my country
complain. They do not care the toss-up of a
copper whether the tax on whisky is fifty cents
or two dollars per gallon if the tax is honestly
and faithfully and punctually collected. But
their experience and the experience ot the
nation for three years proves that the present
rate of tax is too high ever tobe collector!, ana
that all the frauds that are committed, ana they
amount to millions upon millions annually, are
at the cost, more or less, of the honest pro-
ducer who pays fairly the tax levied by the
Government.
