1608.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GILO-BE.
289
40th- Cong. ,.. 2  Sess.
Finances—Mr. Bromwell.
Ho. op Reps.
I allude to a person no less distinguished than
Mi-. Wilkins Micawber. [Laughter.] Mr. Mi-
eawber was indebted, as we are unfortunately
indebted. Mr. Micawber was indebted to his
friend Thomas Traddles, and he knew not
how to get the wherewithal to pay his indebt-
edness. A lucky idea occurred to him, which
he announced in this way:
"To leave this metropolis and my friend, Mr.
Thomas Traddles, without acquitting myself of the
pecuniary pait of this obligation, would weigh upon
my mind to an insupportable extent. I hare there-
fore prepared for my friend, Mr. Thomas Traddles,
and I now hold in my hand, a document which ac-
complishes the desired object. I beg to hand to my
friend. Mi". Thomas Traddles, my I 0 u for forty-
one, ten, eleven and a half, and I am bappv to re-
cover my moral dignity, ana to know that I can once
more walk erect before my fellow-men,"
[Great laughter.]
Mr. DAWES.' It is very likely that the
original invention dates as far back as ray friend
from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] has sug-
gested. But the reissue of the patent dates
from Cincinnati. And I wisli to ask my friend
from Illinois [Mr. Bbomwell] if he will not
go the $4-50? [Laughter.]
Mr. BROMWELL. The gentleman wishes
to extend the terras of the patent. [Renewed
laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. Yes ; and unless he goes for
that I cannot go for his policy.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SELYE obtained the floor.
Mr. BROMWELL. I hope the House will
allow me a little more time, as I have been
interrupted by this patent case.
The SPEA KER pro tempore, (Mr. Blair.)
How much time does the gentleman desire ?
Mr. BROMWELL. I think I can say all I
desire to say in fifteen minutes.
Mr. SELYE. I will yield fifteen minutes
of my time to the gentleman.
By unanimous consent Mr. Bromwell's time
was extended by the House fifteen minutes.
Mr. BROMWELL. I understand the House
has kindly consented to allow me fifteen min-
utes.
Mr. DAWES. Provided you answer my
question.
Mr. BROMWELL. Very well; I will come
to it. The question now raised by the gentle-
men is whether this Government will pay its
obligations in good faith or not. That has noth-
ing to do with the question I was discussing.
Mr. DAWES. The question is whether it
is to be paid in good faith or in mere promises
to pay.
Mr. BROMWELL. I will say, first, that the
discussion upon this point hinges on the word
irredeemable. I have never advocated, and
never intend to advocate, keeping our cur-
rency irredeemable. I have said nothing about
paying anything. [Laughter.] G-entlemen are
talking about a matter as foreign to that which
I was discussing as astronomy.
Mr. MILLER. I do not understand the
gentleman to say that he intends those green-
backs shall never be paid.
Mr. BROMWELL. I have said nothing of
the sort. I have said nothing about the pay-
ment of our indebtedness or any of the modes
or manners thereof, and gentlemen know it.
Either they do not know what I was talking
about or their object in interrupting me is to
introduce new matter about which I was not
speaking. The question of how much money
we want is one thing. How we shall pay our
debts is another. I desired to finish what I
began, and not attempt a new matter just as I
must close; but, being called upon, I will
leave the matter I was speaking of and answer
this.
So far as regards any scheme of paying our
creditors by issuing an increased quantity of
greenbacks, increased in such numbers as to
make them comparatively worthless, I con-
ceive that that would be bringing upon this
country as treat a calamity as would be brought
upon labor b3' the scarcity of money, and, at
40tii Uoxg. 2l> -- No. 19.
the same time, disreputable. Nay, more ; it
is worse than simple repudiation by the Gov-
ernment, because it, in effect, would turn the
money to waste paper in the hands of its own
people. Any scheme to dilute the currency
until it shall be worth comparatively nothing
is only a fraud upon the public creditors, and
worse than a fraud upon the laborers of the
country, who must have some species of avail-
able currency for the common business of life.
I recognize as fully as any man on this floor
that a Government bond is a contract obliga
tory with interest, and a Government green-
back is a Government due-bill withoutinterest.
I have never paid the creditor who held my
note payable with interest by asking him to
take my due-bill without interest. The Ameri-
can people, and particularly the old settlers,
will never consent to treat their creditors in
that way. It is not the way my State acted
when pressed by a debt heavier in proportion
to her means then than this of the United
States now is. In orderto secure our creditors
in the most ample manner we made a new con-
stitution, levying a special tax to pay our
bonds and interest, and we paid them; for
though some may boast of paying their debts
according to law, the "old settlers," I am
proud to say, pay according to contract.
Nevertheless, it is true, as I have already
said, that the Ameiican people do demand
of their Government enough money—good
money ; not depreciated money—to carry on
their daily business : and they can have it if
this Government will but put the same energy
and the same intellect, into devising ways and
means for that purpose which they put forth
in the stupendous efforts of the war. I feel
certain that, the American people will never
relinquish their hold on paper money of some
description. Tliey will never come down to
that state of-society which depends on gold
and silver as the only circulating medium.
You might as well expect them to carry scales
to weigh their money, as Abraham did, asto do
this. But the people do demand of their
Government one kind or another of United
States money which shall be as good in the
State of Illinois as it is in the State of Maine.
When men cry out about "irredeemable pa-
per" is that any argument against this Gov-
ernment supplying its people with its Treasury
notes called greenbacks? What is the neces-
sity of making this currency irredeemable?
Some men seem to take it fur granted that a
greenback must be, ex necessitate rei, irredeem-
able. The Government now has in its vaults
§100,000,000 in gold ; and this amount, if it
had started in the first place in that way, would
have been enough, with such credit as the Gov-
ernment has, to keep those greenbacks at par
by redemption at the Treasury. It could not,
however, I feel sure, be done to-day, although
it has been proposed in this House. In my
humble opinion to attempt a resumption of
specie payments with that limited amount now
would but result in a general rush upon the
Treasury and the exhaustion of its funds as
fast as they could be counted out, because the
notes are all out before any redemption begins.
But had the Government begun in the first
place, after the manner of banks, with such a
fund as that on hand, and with proper means
to keep it replenished, the greenbacks to-day
might be upon a par with gold ; and we may
yet make redemption possible.
One more reflection I will make on this
point. I know of no use for gold in this coun-
try. under the present circumstances, except
to buy foreign merchandise of various sorts for
impoitation and to pay duties (hereon.
Does any man know for what purpose he
would buy gold in Wall street except for the
purpose of importing merchandise? When-
ever this country shall import as much gold as
it exports, or, what is the same thins;, export
as much in value of merchandise as it impoits,
1 would like to know who could sell gold at
a premium in New York or anywhere else.
Who would buy it 1 No man would want it to
pay a debt with, for the very money with which
he would purchase it would pay tfet debt. No
man would want it to pay an executioh or re-
deem land with, for the courts have declared and
must declare that greenbacks are a legal tender
and the end of the law. The truth is, if this
country will, either by the adjustment of a tariff
or by any other means, balance expectations
with importations, the question of p&ying our
bonds in greenbacks will never trouble us at all.
Mr. Speaker, I am opposed to keeping up
the controversy as to what we shall do with
our public creditors. Every speech made about
paying greenbacks to our public creditors costs
us money. Every man who writes a letter
discussing the question whether or not these
bondsare legally payable in legal tenders makes
the matter worse. As long as that controversy
is maintained it is impossible for us to keep up
our credit iu the markets of the world with our
bonds, and our bonds being at discount what
better can Treasury notes be? What the Gov-
ernment wants is credit at a low rate of inter-
est. How can we expect to get it by agitating
the question how we will pay our present cred-
itors ? A man who is caviling on the legal
terms of his contracts for borrowed money is
in no situation to borrow more on favorable
terms. There can be no denial of that. Let
this controversy rest; manage the affairs of the
country until greenbacks are on a level with
gold ; and then it will make no difference
whether these bonds call for paper or specie.
The controversy now going on may be good to
get up party capital, but it is bleeding the
Treasury in advance for the benefit of politi-
cians.
We are not now prepared to pay them in
gold, because we have been preventing our-
selves from borrowing by keeping up the con-
troversy, and we cannot pay them in greenbacks
without flooding the country and making the
motley almost worthless. I believe in lius-
bandingour resources, in diminishingour taxes,
in keeping out as far as possible importations,
and bringing the country up to the point at
which greenbacks are on a par with gold. All
proper means should be resorted to for the pur-
pose of giving the people some description of
currency, so that every hand shall be employed
throughout the length and breadth of the land,
and then paying our creditors as we would ex-
pect to be paid if we held the paper of others.
I know the people prefer the greenbacks to
the national bank currency. I know, also,
that there is a great deal of humbug in the talk
about locking up §300,000,000 at interest with
the national banks, because there are largo
sums to be deducted for revenue from those
very banks, arising in several ways. Neverthe-
less there is some truth in it. We are paying
more for the national bank currency than we
would pay for a redeemable currency furnished
from the Treasury of the United States. But,
after all. the people are not going to stop the
issue of paper money on that account. We
are obliged to accept paper money of some
kind ; and it will be either greenbacks, national
bank currency, or wild-cat notes. Every man
looks to one or the other cf these alternatives,
for it is apparent that there is not enough gold
and silver, and never will be enough, for cur-
rency, and paper must therefore be substituted.
The evils of State bank currency in this coun-
try have been prodigious. Whole communities
have been driven to desperation : the people
have been plundered and devoured by specu-
lators who embarked in banking enterprises
and made their harvest off the disasters of the
people.
But I will not continue this discussion fur-
ther than to say this: that this whole money
question is involved iu the causes of the war
through which we have recently passed. it
takes hold on the interests adverse to and de-
structive of the country on one side, and the
