1868.
TB0 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
object ami purpose of that amendment ex-
plained. 1 think it takes some of the vitality
out of tlio bill.
Mr. "SHERMAN. On the contrary it ex-
tends it. The words "in bond" seemed to
us to limit the operation of the bill to distilled
spirits in what, are known as class B ware-
houses, that is, the second class of warehouses.
There is no bond given for whisky going into
the first class warehouses or class A ware-
houses. A warehouse of class A is itself a
bonded warehouse, because a general bond is
given by the owner; but the particular lot of
whisky is not under bond. There was some
doubt as to the phraseology of the bill, whether
it went as far as the House intended. This
amendment is offered to remove that am-
biguity.
Mr. CONNESS. I perceive now that the
Senator is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was' ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
town sites ix nevada.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
now resume the consideration of Senate bill
No. 188, which was laid over the other day on
the motion of the Senator from Iowa.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 188) for the
relief of towns in the State of Nevada.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the close of the bill as an
additional proviso:
Provided alto. That in addition to the minimum
price of the lands included in any town site entered
under the provisions of this act and an act for the
relief of the inhabitants of cities and towns on the
public lands, approved March 2, 18(37, there shall
be paid by the parties availing themselves 6f the
provisions of said acts all costs of surveying and
platting any such town-site and expenses incident
thereto incurred by the United States before any
patent shall issue therefor.
_ Mr. STEWART. I have no special objec-
tion to that,*but it is entirely unnecessary, for
the towns that this bill applies to have already
made their plats at their own expense. They
have not called on the General Government
to do it at all. This, therefore, is a provision
which does not affect anything. There are
only two or three towns in this situation, and
they have already made their own surveys.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the bill name the
particular towns ?
Mr. STEWART. No, it does not name
them; but there are only two or three that have
filed plats under the old law, and they have had
these surveys made on their own account, and
are making applications. The law requires
that they shall make their own applications.
The original law does not provide for any sur-
vey by the Government when the towns proceed
in this way.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from Nevada
is in error to some extent. The law to which
he refers provides that the citizens residing on
public lands desiring to establish a town may
cause it to be surveyed and a plat to be filed 1!
with the register of the proper land office, j|
"r e? 1<L the duty of the Commissioner \
of the General Land Office to authorize the i
sale of the lots at public outcry, as other pub-
lic lands are sold. The same law provides
also that if the inhabitants of such town shall
neglect to do this the Commissioner may pro-
ceed to cause a survey to be made and the plat
filed as previously stated, when the lots shall
come into market and be sold as public lands.
This general law, I think, ought never to have
been interfered with; bat unfortunately, in my
opinion, during last year a law was passed that
to some extent repeals the provisions of that
law. It does not, however, include all the
cases that exist, and hence this bill is intro-
duced so as to make it general as far as Nevada
is concerned. Now, I agree with the other
Senators and Representatives from the new
405
States that the inhabitants ought to be permit-
ted to acquire title to land without cost; but
I have thought from the beginning that those
who receive land without paying for it ought
to pay the necessary expenses of administer-
ing the system without taxing the Treasury of
the United States, which is not now done.
The incidental expenses are not covered by
the money received from the sales of the pub-
lic lands. Hence I thought the original Taw,
which was repealed in 18G7, ought not to have
been repealed; but at that time I had no voice,
and that repealing law was passed. I only seek
by this amendment to provide that the inhabit-
ants of the towns who will now secure their
lots at the rate of $1 25 per acre shall pay for
the surveys of these lands in all cases where
those surveys may have been made by the
United States. There may be no case in Nevada
that this amendment will reach. The Senator
thinks there is not, and he may be right; but
there are cases in other States; and I have
been informed by my friend, the Senator from
California, that he intends to offer an amend-
ment to the bill so as to include California
at least; and if such amendment should be
adopted it ought to be made general. There
can be no objection to the adoption of this
amendment; it will save a little money.
Mr. STEWART. I have no objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to amend the bill
i by inserting in the third line after the word
"Nevada" the words "and California."
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will allow
me I will suggest another form of amendment
so as to make the bill general. I think it ought
to be general.
Mr. CONNESS. I prefer that.
Mr. HARLAN. I suggest therefore that,
beginning in line three, the words "any towns
in the State of Nevada in which there are pub-
lic lands'' be stricken out^ and the following
words substituted: "the inhabitants of any
town located on the public lands of the United
Ststes "
Mr. CONNESS. That is better.
Mr. STEWART. That is right.
Mr. CONNESS. I accept the amendment
suggested by the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. . I desire to
ask the Senator who has charge of this bill
what effect this amendment will have upon the
lands in Utah?
Mr. STEWART. I will answer the gentle-
man. Oar land laws are not extended to
Utah._ The other law is general, but has no
effect in Utah. They cannot carry it into effect
without machinery. We have never furnished
them the machinery of our land laws. When
we do that it will be in effect there, otherwise
not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I un-
derstand that as soon as we extend our general
land system to Utah they will be able to avail
themselves of the benefits of it.
Mr. STEWART. Whenever we do they
will.
Mr. CONNESS. Why should they not when
we see fit to authorize it?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think the
parties who have been there and have had pos-
session of the most valuable parts of the Ter-
ritory for the last twenty years ought to be
made to pay something.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 will state to the Sen-
ator that all the land laws are general 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I know they
are.
Mr. WILLIAMS. There is no exception
made of Utah. This is no more general than
the other land laws, and therefore it can have
no effect in Utah if the others have no effect
there at this time, because there are no pro-
visions made for entering lands, no land dis-
tricts are created, and no land offices located
in that Territory.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, the title of the
bill was amended bo as to read: "A bill to
amend an act entitled 'An act for the relief of
the inhabitants of cities and towns upon the
public lands,' approved March 2, 1807."
message from the iiousk.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House concurred in the amendment
of the Senate to the bill (H. R, No. 309) to
prevent frauds in the collection of the tax on
distilled spirits.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 89) for the
relief of Orlcf E. Dreutzer, late consul of the
United States to the kingdom of Norway.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following joint resolutions, in
which it requested the concurrence of the Sen-
ate:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 137) request-
ing the President to intercede with her majesty
the queen of Great Britain to secure the speedy
release of Rev. John McMahon, convicted on
a charge of treason-felony, and now confined
at Kingston, Canada West;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 138) request-
ing the President to intercede with her majesty
the queen of Great Britain to secure the speedy
release of Robert Lynch, now imprisoned in the
province of Canada; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 139) request-
ing the President to intercede for the release of
American citizens imprisoned in Great Britain
and Ireland on insufficient grounds.
southern state governments.
Mr. MORTON. I move to take up for con-
side ration the resolution offered by me yester-
! day in regard to the abrogation of the State
, governments in the rebel States.
j The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution:
i Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
. instructed to report a bill abrogating the unauthor-
ized and illegal State governments now existing in
Virginia, Georgia, Alabama, Louisiana, Texas, Flor-
ida, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Arkansas,
and providing provisional governments for the said
states until such time as the 6a.tno have been recon-
structed under the several acts of Congress passed for
that purpose.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move to amend
the resolution by inserting after the word
"that," in the first line, the words "it be
referred to," and by striking out the words
'1 be instructed'' and inserting the words * 'with
authority;" so that it will read :
Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary with authority to report a bill abro-
gating the unauthorized and illegal State govern-
ments, &c.
The object of the amendment is, that the
benefit of the judgment of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, if there is any benefit in that, may be
obtained on the proposition contained in the
resolution.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, in offering
this resolution I desired to take the sense of
the Senate on the question it presents, and I
think a very brief statement and reference
to recent transactions will show the absolute
necessity of Congress defining its position. The
amendment offered by the Senator from New
Jersey takes away from my resolution its force.
The Judiciary Committee have the authority
now to report such a bill if they see proper,
and the passage of the resolution with his
amendment takes away from it any significance.
I desire to test the sense of the Senate as to
whether it will abrogate these State govern-
ments or not.
Mr. President, our affairs now in connection
with the rebel States occupy a position they
never did before, a more threatening and dan-
gerous attitude, in my judgment, than they have
hitherto occupied. On the 2d of March last
we passed the first reconstruction act, in which
it was assumed that the existing State govern-
ments were illegal and unauthorized. I will
