>868:
mm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
claim of the heirs of Phillip Renault for cer-
tain lands, and that, the same be referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
FEMALE COLLEGES.
Mr. JULIAN, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, made an adverse report upon the
resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
Michigan, asking grants of land to endow
femaR colleges in the several States ; and the
same was laid on the table.
GEOLOGICAL SURVEY OF NEBRASKA, ETC.
Mr. JULIAN. 1 hold in my hand a commu-
nication from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, in reply to a request of the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, relative toageolo-
gical survey of Nebraska and other regions
west. I move that it bo printed and referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
FORT JESSUP RESERVATION, LOUISIANA.
Mr. JULIAN, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1154)
declaring the lands constituting the Fort Jessup
military reservation, in the State of Louisiana,
subject to homestead entry and settlement;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. It provides
that the lands constituting the Fort Jessup
military reservation, in the State of Louisiana,
so iar as the same have not been lawfully dis-
posed of since their reservation, are hereby
restored to the United States, and made sub-
ject to homestead entry and settlement, as
other public lands in the States of Mississippi,
Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, and Arkansas,
under the act of Congress, approved June 21,
1806, amendatory of the homestead law, ap-
proved May 20. 1862.
Mr. JULIAN. The military reservation
mentioned in this bill is no longer needed for
military purposes. The purpose of the bill is
set forth in the bill itself; and I demand the
previous question.
Mr. PILE. How much land is there em-
braced in the reservation?
Mr. JULIAN. About six miles square.
Mr. PILE. Are there any improvements on
this land?
Mr.,JULIAN. None of any considerable
value, as I am informed. The object of the
bill is simply to declare the reservation at an
end, so that the southern homestead law will
apply to it.
Mr. PILE. In what part of the State is this
reservation? I do not remember the locality.
Mr. JULIAN. I am not aware of the pre-
cise locality, but I know it is greatly needed for
homesteads, and not needed as a reservation.
Mr. PILE. Does the gentleman know the
value of these lauds?
Mr. JULIAN. I have no definite informa-
tion as to the value of these lauds, but I under-
stand they are similar in character to other
public lands in the same portion of the State
which are being settled as homesteads. There
can certainly be no objection to subjecting them
to the ordinary land policy of the South, which
is all that is proposed.
Mr. PILE. If this land is situated in a
locality that makes it valuable, where the land
has been all taken up for many yeara past, so that
land there is worth, as it is in some localities,
fifteen, twenty, twenty-five, or thirty dollars
an acre, should it not be sold to the highest
bidder and the money paid into the Treasury?
1 think we should not pass this bill until we
know the value of the lands to be thus opened
to entry and settlement.
Mr. JULIAN. 1 have numerous letters
from freedmen and poor white men in that
locality, asking the enactment of this law, so
that they may go upon this land, occupy it, and
till it. I have no doubt as to the propriety of
the measure, but my limited time will not allow
any general debate.
Mr. PILE. I have certainly no objection
to the passage of such a bill as this, if this land
is not very much more valuable than ordinary
public lands.
Mr. JULIAN. I have already stated that
the land is kindred in character to the public
lands in the same vicinity of the State, and
needed for settlement.
Mr. PILE. I understand the gentleman to
say that he knows nothing about the value of
the land, does not even know the part of the
State in which the reservation i.s located, knows
nothing about the land adjacent, whether it is
held by private owners or not. I wish to sug-
gest to him that if this land is held as a mili-
tary reservation, and is located in a part of the
State where a military reservation would be
desirable to the Government, the probability
is that the land adjacent thereto has been
entered, is now improved, and in a state
of cultivation; that this land is not in the con-
dition. of other public lands, but is very much
more valuable, and that the Government ought
to receive more for it than it will receive by
opening it up to homestead settlement.
Mr. JULIAN. I have told the gentleman
all that I deem it material for the House to
know in voting upon the bill. What I have
said shows that his apprehensions have no
foundation. We have adopted a general home-
stead law for the South, applicable to all the
public lands of that region. The effect of this
bill will be to subject this land to the same
general land policy under the direction of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office.
This is what the settlers of Louisiana want.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Is this
reservation now occupied ?
Mr. JULIAN. It is not occupied, except
small portions of it that have already been dis-
posed of under military authority. That is my
information from the War Department.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. What
military authority has power to dispose of such
lands?
Mr. J UL1AN. I am not aware of the author-
ity under which the land has been disposed of;
but in the letter I have received from the Sec-
retary of War on this subject it is stated that
small portions have been disposed of since the
reservation was made; but no objection is sug-
gested to the measure proposed.
Mr. PILE. I hope the gentleman will allow
the bill to go over till to-morrow, so that we
may get some information as to what this res-
ervation is worth. There are military reserva-
tions in the States of Missouri and Kansas, and
I do not see why they should not be opened
up to settlement as well as this. In my own
city there is a reservation worth $500,000, aud
we have passed an act providing for its sale.
I think we ought to have more information
before we pass this bill.
Mr. JULIAN. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. PILE. I hope that will notbe sustained.
On seconding the previous question, there
were—ayes 44, noes 38 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Jblian and Mr.
Brooks.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 56, noes 40.
So the previous question was seconded.
The mam question was ordered.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the bill be laid on
the table; and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JULIAN. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. lloss] will withdraw his motion, I
will move that the bill be recommitted. The
House will evidently pass the bill, but more
important business of the committee will not
justify the loss of time in calling the yeas and
nays.
Mr. ROSS. \^jth that understanding I with-
draw the motion.
Mr. JULIAN. I move that the bill be
recommitted to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reoonsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAND OFFICE IN UTAH TERRITORY".
Mr. JULIAN, from the Committee on ths
Public Lands, reported back without amend-
ment a bill (H. R. No. 202) to create the
office of surveyor general in the Territory of
Utah, and establish a land office in said Ter-
rritory, and extend tho homestead and preemp-
tion laws over the same.
The bill, which was read, proposes, in the
first section, to authorize the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, to
appoint a surveyor general for the Territory of
Utah, whose annual salary shall be $3,000,
and whose power, authority, aud duties shall
be the same as those provided by law for the
surveyor general of Oregon. He is to have
proper allowances for clerk hire, office rent,
and fuel, not exceeding what is now allowed
by law to the surveyor general of Oregon.
The second section provides that the public
land within said Territory of Utah, to which
the Indian title is or shall be extinguished, "4 ,
shall constitute a new land district to be called V
the Utah district, and the President is hereby
authorized to appoint, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, a register and
receiver of public moneys for said district,
who shall be required to reside at the places a'
which said offices shall be located, and they
shall have the same powers, perform the same
duties, and be entitled to the same compensa-
tion as are or may be prescribed by law in rela-
tion to land offices of the United States in other
Territories.
The third section provides that the Secretary
of the Interior is hereby authorized to locate
said offices of surveyor general and register
and receiver of public moneys at some suitable
place or places in said Territory.
And the fourth and last section provides
that the preemption and homestead and other
laws applicable to the disposal of the public
lands, are hereby extended over said district.
Mr. J ULIAN. Mr. Speaker, that, I believe,
is precisely the bill passed by this House dur-
ing the Thirty-Ninth Congress tuward the close
of.the last session, and it simply extends the
machinery of the General Land Office over the
Territory of Utah. The Commissioner of the
General Land Office agrees with the Committee
on the Public Lands that there is no valid rea-
son why this should not be done. The follow-
ing is a communication from the Land Office :
Departmknt of the Intkkioii,
CrEXEit.vL Land Office, March 20,1868.
Sib : I had this morning the honor to reeeivc your
letter of yesterday desiring for the committee the
views of this office as to tho early extension of the
laml system to Utah. I have, therefore, to submit
tho following:
First. The area of Utah is 88,056 square miles, equal
to 56,355,635 act os, according to the act of May 5,186(5,
reducing its former limits, of which only 2,517,912
acres have been surveyed, and none disposed ul as
yet, leaving 53,837,723 aeres unsurvoyed.
tivcoiid. It now constitutes part of tho surveying
district of " Colorado-Utah," as ordered by the fourth
section of the act of Congress, approved March 11,
1862, vide Statutes-al-Largu. volume 12, page 369.
which status is to continue until otherwise ordered
by the President.
Third. In virtue of the act of Congress, approved
September 9, 1850, United States Statutes, volume 9,
page 453, section 15, reserves in the Territory, for
school purposes, sections 16 a.nd 36 in each township.
The same is also provided by the second section of
an act to establish tho othce of surveyor general of
Utah, and to grant land for school and university
Eurposes, approved February 21, 1855, Statutes-at-
arge, volume 10, page 611; and furthermore, sec-
tion 3 provides two townships of land tor the estab-
lishment of a univcisity m said Territory. I'iicse
la ws merely reserve hut confer no title on the lem-
tor y, it being the policy of Congress, as shown by gen-
eral legislation, to defer the investment of title for
school sections until t ho Territory ciuerg-es from polit-
ical pupilage to the position of a Stato of the Union.
It is understood that the present population of
Utah is about 100,000. .,
Tho Central Pacific railroad will pass over the
country, and the work may take fifteen thousand
employes m that region. The influx of such a column
of operatives must be felt in the social condition of
Utah, and many that may go there m the road ser-
vice and by goncral immigration will doubtless re-
""ifis the opinion of this office that our laws in
