406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
not therefore debate that question ; I take that
as being settled already by the action of Con-
gress. It was not consistent, in Congress after
having made that declaration to permit those
State governments longer to exist; but it was
thought at that time that with the aid of the
military authority in protecting the Union men
and in furthering the work of reconstxuctiop
those State governments could be permitted to
exist, subject at all times to the removal of
offensive and obstructing officers by the mili-
tary commanders, or to the ousting of the juris-
diction of tribunals tlfiit failed to render justice.
Now, sir, we stand confronted with that very
military authority that we have raised up. It
stands to-day in direct defiance of the author-
ity of Congress, and this Congress should not
lose a single hour in asserting the position that
it intends to occupy. For the purpose of show-
ing the exact attitude of this question and how
we stand to-day I ask the Secretary to read
the passages that I have marked from the
reconstruction acts of March 2 and July 19,
1867:
The Secretary read as follows:
" Whereas no legal State governments or adequate
protection for life or property now exists in the rebel
States of Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana, Florida,
Texas, and Arkansas: and whereas it is necessary
that peace and good order should he enforced in said
States until loyal and republican State Governments
can be legally established: Therefore"—
" Sec. 3. -t ml be it further enacted. That- it shall be
the duty of each officer assigned as aforesaid to pro-
tect all persons in their rights of person and prop-
erty, to suppress insurrection, disorder, and violence,
and to punish, or cause to be punished, all disturbers
of the public peace and criminals, and to this end he
jaay allow local civil tribunals to take jurisdiction
of and to try offenders, or, when in his judgment it
may be necessary for the trial of offenders, he shall
have power to organize military commissions or tri b-
unals for that purpose; and all interference under
color of State authority with the exercise of military
authority under this act shall be null and void.
" ■ Kc. 4. And be it further enacted, That all persons
put under military arrest by virtue of this act shall
be tried without unnecessary delay, and no cruel or
unusual punishment shall be inflicted; and no sen-
tence of any military commission or tribunal hereby
authorized, affecting the life or libert}' of any person,
shall bo executed until it is approved by the officer
in command of the district, and the laws and regula-
tions for the government of the Army shall not be
affected by this act, oxcept in so far *s they conflict
with its provisions; Provided, That no sentence of
death under the provisions of this act shall be ear-
lied into effect without the approval of the Presi-
dent."— A ct of March 2,1857.
"lie it enacted, &-c„ That it is hereby declared to
have been the true intent and meaning of the act of
the 2d day of March, 1867, entitled " An act to pro-
vide for the more efficient government of the rebel
States," and of the actsupplementary thereto, passed
on the 23d day of March, in the year 1867, that the
governments then existing in the rebel States of Vir-
ginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Mis-
sissippi, Alabama, Louisiana, Florida, Texas, and
Arkansas, were not legal State governments, and
that thereafter said governments if continued weroto
be continued subject in all respects to the military
commanders of the respective districts and to the
paramount authority of Congress.
"Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted. That the com-
mander of any district named in said act shall have
power, subject to the disapproval of the General of
the Army of the United States, and to have effeet till
disapproved, whenever in the opinion of such com-
mander the proper administration of said act shall
require it, to suspend or remove from' office, or from
the performance of official duties and the exercise of
official powers, any officer or person holding orexer-
cising, or professing to hold or excrcise, any civil or
military office or duty in such district under any
power, election, appointment, or authority derived
from, or granted by, or claimed under any so-called
State or the government thereof, or any municipal
or other division thereof; and upon such suspension
or removal such commander, subject to the disap-
proval of the General as aforesaid, shall have power
to provide from time to time for the performance of
the said duties of such officer or person so suspended
or removed, by the detail of some competent officer
or soldier of the Army, or by the appointment of
some other person to perform the same, and to fill
vacancies occasioned by death, resignation or other-
wise."—Act of July 19,1867.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I had those
passages from the reconstruction acts read for
the simple purpose of calling freshly to the
minds of Senators the action taken and posi-
tion occupied by Congress: first, that these
existing governments are illegal and unauthor-
ized, possessing no rightful authority whatever;
secondly, placing those States under military
authority, making that military authority para-
mount, and suffering those State governments
to exist simply by the consent of the military
authority in the several States. Now, to show
the present attftude of the matter, 1 ask the
Secretary to read the order issued by General
Hancock, ns commander of the fifth military
district, on the 1st of January, 1808.
The Secretary read as follows :
[General Orders, No. 1.]
IIeadq tarters Fifth Military District,
New OitLKAtiS, January!, 1868.
Applications have been made at these headquar-
ters implying the existence of an arbitrary authority
in the commanding general touching purely civil
controversies. Une petition solicits this action, an-
other that, and each refers to some special consider-
ation of grace or lavor which lie supposes to exist,
and which should influence this department. The
number of such applications, and the waste of timo
llicy involve, make it ncccssnry to dcelaro that Kio
administration -of civil justice appertains to the
regular courts. The l ights of citizens do not depend
on the views of the gcnoral. They ought to be ad-
judged and settled according to the law. Arbitrary
power, such as he has been urged to assume, bas no
existence here. It is not found in the laws of Louisi-
ana or Texas. It cannot bo derived from any act
or acts of Congress. It is restrained by a constitution
and prohibited from action in many particulars.
The major general commanding takes occasion to
repeat that, while disclaiming judicial functions in
civil cases, he can sutler no forcible resistance to the
execution of processes of the courts.
By command of Major General Hancock:
L. HAKTSUFF, A. A. G.
Mr. MORTON. It will be perceived, Mr.
President, from this order that General Han-
cock not only defies the authority of Congress
but that he has nullified its action and abso-
lutely abjured the military authority conferred
upon him by the reconstruction acts, and he
denies the power of Congress to confer such
authority. He says:
"Arbitrary power, such as ho has been urged to
assume, has no existence here. It is not l und in tbe
laws of Louisiana or Texas. It cannot be derived
from any act or acts of Congress."
There is a direct recognition of the legal
authority ctf those State governments in the
face of repeated declarations of Congress that
they are illegal and unauthorized. Now, sir,
as General Hancock has directly confronted
the Congress of the United States it becomes
an important question which shall submit. He
has recognized the legality and the authority
of the existing State governments, not only in
this order but in his former order—the one
issued by him when he first took command of
the fifth military district, in which he declares
that all proceedings shall be submitted to the
civil tribunals of those States, and that there
is no authority in Congress to say otherwise,
although we have declared that those civil tri-
bunals have been formed by State governments
that are themselves illegal and unauthorized.
Now, sir, the question arises, What will you
do? These State governments were to con-
tinue in existence subject to the authority of
the military commanders under the belief
that they would not be allowed to interfere
with or obstruct the work of reconstruction,
and that they would protect Union men, black
and white, in the enjoyment of their civil and
political rights. With the military authority
against us, recognizing the legal existence of
the very governments it was appointed to su-
persede, with the civil authority against us in
full force and operation, backed up and sus-
tained by the military power, rest assured, sir,
that we cannot reconstiuct; we shall fail, and
we shall fail in part by that very military power
which we have raised up for the purpose ot aid-
ing in the work of reconstruction.
In this crisis I see no other way than for
Congress to be consistent with its original
declaration, which was that these existing
State governments are illegal and unauthor-
ized, and therefore to declare that they shall
be at once abrogated and exercise no further
power whatever. That was what was de-
manded by consistency in the first place; but,
as I stated before, Congress was not willing to
go any further than seemed to be actually
necessary in disturbing the existing order of
things, and it was supposed that it was unne-
cessary absolutely to destroy those State gov-
ernments in view of the paramount authority
vested in the military commanders. As that
engine which we raised up for another pur-
pose has been turned against us, it becomes
important for Congress to say at once what it
will do. Allow me simply to repeat the dec-
laration that, with the mili'ary power against
us, in support of the very thing that we seek
to destroy, pledged to defeat the very work
that we have at heart, and with the State gov-
ernments against us, the Governors, State
officers, every county officer, every authority
high and low, we cannot succeed in the work
of reconstruction; and if we stand still we
may surrender it this day. Now, sir, I desire
to have the voice of this Senate 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour
has arrived when it is made the duty of the
Chair to call up the unfinished business of yes-
terday, which is the bill (H. R. No. 213) to
suspend further reduction of the currency.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that the order of
the day will be passed over informally, so that
we may proceed with the consideration of this
question.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does the Senator from
Indiana desire to conclude his remarks now?
Mr. MORTON. I shall conclude very
shortly. I desire to say but a few words
more.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
allowing the unfinished business to be passed
over informally, to enable the Senator to con-
clude his remarks, but the resolution that he
offers will lead to general debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business will be passed over inform-
ally, if there be no objection, to enable the
Senator from Indiana to proceed with his
remarks.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, if the reso-
lution is amended as proposed by the Senator
from New Jersey, the vote on it will not sig-
nify anything. If we instruct this committee
peremptorily to report a bill abrogating those
governments and furnishing provisional gov-
ernments in their stead, to last until such time
as these States shall be reconstructed under
the act of Congress, it does not commit us to
any particular form of bill. If tRe bill when
reported does not suit us we can modify it or
vote it down. But, sir, the adoption of this
resolution will settle one question, that the
Senate of the United States is resolved at once
and without further delay to abrogate the ille-
gal and unauthorized governments existing in
those States, and to establish such provisional
governments as may be necessary until such
time as reconstruction shall finally take place.
This, Mr. President, is all I have to say now.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I 
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular
order of business.
_ Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I have but a
single remark to make, and then, perhaps, the
vote can be taken and the matter referred.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand it will lead
to further discussion. I think we had better
proceed with the regular order; and unless
the Senator desires now to make a personal
explanation I insist on the regular order.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It is not per-
sonal. I simply wish to say that I by no means
dispute in any manner the ground taken by the
Senator from Indiana. I do not wish in any
manner to intimate that I am opposed to his
resolution, but it seems to me clear that a
measure of so great importance, affecting the
whole reconstruction plan, should be submitted
to the judgment of the Judiciary Committee,
and that the Senate should not be called upon
to give what is really a final vote at this time,
but that the sense of the Senate should be
taken on the report of that committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business of yesterday is now regularly
before the Senate.
IIOCSE RESOLUTIONS REFERRED.
The following joint resolutions from the
House of Representatives were severally read
