290
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
Ho. of Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. Stone,
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
restoration and integrity of the Union on the
other. If this country is ever prostrated in its
credit with the elements of discord nowwitlun
it, then, indeed, it will be like Sampson shorn of
his locks and deprived of his sight in the hands
of the Philistines.
I believe, as I said the other day,, that the
contest between those interests and elements
which seek the disruption and dissolution of
this Republic and those which seek to perpet-
uate it in its integrity must go on, whether it
be attacked by strikingat the currency, and so,
in fact, bringing greenbacks to bo lampblack
and rags, by striking at tho Union, or by strik-
ing at its laws, until either the disloyal ele-
ments shall have succeeded in their designs or
the true friends of humanity and progress shall
have triumphed in the contest which has raged
so long.
I thank the House for its courtesy in extend-
ing my time.
Impeachment.
SPEECH OF HON. FREDERICK STONE,
OF MARYLAND,
In the House of Representatives,
February 24, 1808,
On the resolutions reported by the Committee on
Reconstruction for tho impeachment of the Presi-
dent.
Mr. STONE. Mr. Chairman, the articles
of impeachment reported to this House are ten
in number, but substantially there are but two
offenses charged. I may say, indeed, that there
is only one offense charged, for the tenth article
charges, in fact, no offense heretofore known
to our laws and is sustained by no proof what-
ever. The only offense charged in the first nine
articles is one violation of the tenure-of-office
bill, the alleged offense being set forth in nine
different forms only.
The distinguished gentlemen who report and
sustain these articles claim that the President
is guilty under the law; that the question is a
purely legal one; that he should be tried by
the law and condemned or acquitted as the law
may justify. I propose, therefore, to examine
the question legally, and see if it will stand the
test the friends of impeachment claim for it.
I do not propose to discuss the constitution-
ality of the tenure-of-office act. Although I
deem that act as clearly unconstitutional as
any act ever passed, yet, as that question has
already been so fully discussed, I do not deem
it necessary again to refer to it.
But, if tiie Chief Magistrate of the country,
now on his trial, has only tho common privi-
leges extended to him that are daily extended
to the meanest criminal that ever disgraced a
dock ; if ho is tried by those rules of justice,
law, and right which the experience of a
thousand years has proved the benefit of; if
the Senate shall do " impartial justice accord-
ing to the Constitution and laws," then the
President need not apprehend the result, even
should that Senate think the tenure-of-office
act constitutional and binding.
The second section of aiticle third of the
Constitution says :
"Tho judicial power shall extend to all cases in
Jaw and equity arising under this Constitution, the
laws of the United States," &c.
The command thus given by the Constitution
is imperative. It says that the judicial power
shall extend, not that it may extend. The juris-
diction thus given to the judiciary of the United
States is beyond the power of Congress. No
act of Congress can take away from the judi-
cial power of the United States the right to
decide cases arising under the Constitution and
laws of the United States. That power, au-
thority, and right are expressly given to that
great coordinate branch of the Government by
a higher authority than Congress, and a.higher
authority alone can take them away.
While the section quoted gives this power to
the judiciary of the United States, it also givos
another not less important right to the people.
In saying that the judicial power shall extend
to all cases in law or equity arising under the
Constitution and laws of the United States, it
unequivocally gives to every citizen of the Uni-
ted States who has a case arising under the
Constitution and laws of the United States the
right to appeal—to appeal to that judicial power
for protection and redress.
Congress cannot shut the doors of the courts
of the United States against any man who has
a case at law or equity under the laws of the
United States. The words of the Constitution
are sweeping. It says "all eases." This
includes civil and criminal cases. The power
to punish crimes committed against tho laws
of the United States is coextensive with the
right to obtain redress from laws of the United
States. No exceptions whatsoever are made
by the Constitution. He who has a ease aris-
ing under the laws of the United States has
the right of trial by the judicial power of the
United States, let his position be what it may.
All are equal under that supreme law of the
land. The President of the United States, a
member of the Congress, a judge even of the Su-
preme Court, and the beggar in the streets are
all equally liable to be punished by that judi-
cial power whenever they infringe the penal
statutes of the United States.
The President is not excepted from this
clause of the Constitution. If he has a case
arising under the " Constitution and laws of
the United States" he has the same right to
have it settled by the judicial power that any
other citizen has. The duties of the Piesident
with regard to the Constitution are peculiar,
and as they differ somewhat from the other
departments, a brief notice of them may not bo
amiss.
The President is required, by the oath he
takes, to "preserve, protect, and defend the
Constitution," while all the other departments
are only required to support it. He is required
by his official oath to do more. His duty is
not passive obedience merely, but active, and,
if need be, activc protection. The Convention
of 1787 drew a marked distinction between
the oath which they required the President to
take and tho one they required of any other
department of the Government.
They required the Executive to swear to
"preserve, protect, and defend," the legisla-
tive and judicial to " support and obey" only.
Unless lie chooses to perjure himself, the Pres-
ident must lake all the constitutional means at
his command to "preserve, protect, and de-
fend" (he Constitution. He has no choice.
If lie believes that any part of the Constitution
is infringed or broken he must take the means
the Constitution gives him to repair it. lie
must take all the constitutional means. lie
must not take one only if there are several, but
he must exhaust all the means that the instru-
ment lias placed in his hands to "preserve,
protect, and defend." Until he does so his
duty is not done, his sacred oath not fulfilled.
But the advocates of impeachment say that tho
only means given to the President to "protect
preserve, and defend" the Constitution is the
veto ; that when he has used that without avail
he has no other constitutional weapon to "pre-
serve, protect, and defend" the Constitution
with.
This assumption I utterly deny. By the
clause of the Constitution just quoted every
citizen has the right, the unquestioned right, to
test the constitutionality of an act of Congress
before the judicial power of the Government,
whether the act was passed by a majority only,
by a two thirds, or even a unanimous vote.
Because an act of Congress is passed by a
two-thirds vote it is not for that reason neces-
sarily constitutional. If this were so then
two thirds of Congress are superior to the Con-
stitution. There is nothing to prevent, or which
ever has prevented, a private citizen from ques-
tioning an act on constitutional grounds which
has been passed by a two-thirds vote. The
President has certainly as much right to appeal
to the courts to test the validity of such an act
as a private citizen. He has the same right of
resort to the judiciary as any other citizen.
The veto power is only one check on uncon-
stitutional legislation which the President alone
has and the private citizen has not. But by
giving the Executive the veto the framers of
the Constitution did not take away from him
other rights which he had in common with
other citizens. Because he has the veto he is
not deprived of the protection of tho judi-
ciary.
If the theory of those who say that the Presi-
dent is bound to execute every law of Congress
passed by a two-thirds vote is right, then if this
Congress should by a two-thirds vote pass alaw
giving the command of the Army to the Speaker
of this House it would be the duty of the Presi-
dent to hand it over to him at once ; that all
that it would be necessary to do would be to
make it a high crime in him not to do it, and
you could then impeach him if he did not. If
the President has the right to appeal to the
courts he certainly has the right to take the
steps necessary to bring the case before the
court. It would be strange, indeed, if Congress
could impose a penalty upon any one who
takes the preliminary steps to bring his case
before the courts. 'They cannot say the doors
of the Supreme Court are open to you by the
Constitution, but we can impose a pepalty on
you if you seek to enter these doors. And yet
this is the very thing that this impeachment
amounts to. It is, in fact, a penalty attempted
to be imposed on the necessary effort to obtain
an undeniable right.
The facts are very brief, and consist only in
an order for the removal of the Secretary of
War without consent of the Senate. The
tenure-of-office act is so drawn that it is im-
possible to test its constitutionality in any other
way. The President must, pass an order of re-
moval and make an appointment before the
question can be settled judicially. This act
was aimed at and intended tor the President
only. 11c must go on and execute what he be-
lieved to be an unconstitutional law, and, there-
fore, no law, or bring the matter before the
courts of the country. He must do one or the
other. The most astute lawyer that ever drew
a brief cannot examine the tenure act and say
that its constitutionality can be tested in any
other way. The President has sworn to pre-
serve, protect, and defend the Constitution,
and not sworn to do everything that two
thirds of Congress may require him. If anyone
else could have tested the law without the
President's passing an order in conflict with its
provisions the President would no doubt have
left it to the party aggrieved to carry the case
into court. But. unlike any other taw ever
passed, this law affects the Executive only, and
no one but the Executive could take the steps
necessary to test it. A great deal of clamoi-
has been raised upon the subject of the Presi-
dent's executing the laws until the courts pro-
nounce them void. But this law could neves-
be declared void by the proper authority with-
out the President took steps such as he has
taken.
But the advocates of impeachment say that
he who does an act forbidden by a penal statute
acts at his peril; that if the statute is valid
he incurs the penalty, whatever may be his
motive. This is true—no man denies or dis-
putes it. It is the very thing the President is
ready and willing to do, the risk that he is
•willing to iucur. It is all that he asks, to be
allowed to try his case and submit to (he pen-
ally if he fails. But that is the very thing that
Congress will not allow. The tenure-of-office
bill makes a removal without the consent of
the Senate punishable by fine or imprison-
ment upon conviction by "the courts. This is
the whole penalty imposed by that act. It
does not mention the word impeachment; it
