1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
son in their interest has asked this, and they
are, many of them, educated, and the equals of
the gentleman from Indiana and myself in the
management of their own business. I will
state further that this matter has come up
within a Yery few days upon the representa-
tions of outside parties, who have proposed to
me that the opposition shall be withdrawn if
they are paid a certain sum of money.
I do not suppose that the party to whom I
refer has approached the committee in the way
he has me, or this resolution would not have
been reported; but I ask the House to pass over
this matter until all the facts can be laid before
them, and I pledge myself to lay the facts
before them fully, so as to satisfy them on this
question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
from Indiana will withdraw that part of the
resolution which relates to the Cherokee In-
dians, as I am satisfied it does injustice to those
Indians.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I hope
the joint resolution will pass, and I hope the
gentleman from Indiana will not withdraw that
part of it which relates to the Cherokee neu-
tral lands.
Now, as I understand this question—I do
not know that 1 understand it correctly—a
treaty was made authorizing the Secretary of
the Interior to dispose of these lands, and one
clause of it authorized the Secretary to dispose
of them in one body, if he saw fit, for one dol-
lar an acre. The lands were so disposed of
by Mr. Harlan, but not in accordance with the
terms of the treaty, he giving along credit for
the payment of the entire sum, with the excep-
tion of a very small amount. There was a dis-
turbance created about it, and Mr. Browning
rescinded that contract and made a new con-
tract with an individual, Mr. James F. Joy, for
the transfer of this entire body of land, the
former contract having been made with a pre-
tended emigrant company. Mr. James P. Joy,
perhaps not having $800,000 on hand, and
finding he can make a good thing of it by
entering into a compromise with this emigrant
company, agrees to have his contract rescinded
and come in under the contract, with the emi-
grant company by which he receives the eight
hundred thousand acres, and has a long time
for payment, and at a very low rate of interest.
The proposition, therefore, is simply whether
James F. Joy shall have this land, some eight
hundred thousand acres, for the sum of one
dollar per acre, on very long time and a very
low rate of interest, or whether the Govern-
ment shall buy these lands lor that amount.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. I desire to
state that under this treaty ot' sale settlers are
protected in their rights. Each settler upon
the land prior to the ratification of the treaty
will be allowed one hundred and sixty acres
of land at the appraised value.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Why not
let the Government buy this land?
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. The Indians
have been trying for thirty years to sell this
land to the Government, and the Government
would not buy it.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian] yield to me
for a few minutes?
Mr. JULIAN. Very well.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio., It seems to
me that the question involved in the bill now
before the House is one of vastly more import-
ance than gentlemen are aware of. I think I
can state the matter in a very few words, so
that it can be understood. Prior to the 19th
of July, 1800, the Cherokee Indians owned a
tract ofland in Kansas known as the " Chero-
kee neutral lands," the title to which they held
under a patent from the United States. I make
no question now about the validity of the title.
By a treaty entered into on the 19th of July,
1866, the Cherokee Indians ceded these lands
to the United States in trust to be sold and
the proceeds to be paid over to the Indians.
The seventeenth article of that treaty is as fol-
lows:
"Art. XVII. The Cherokee nation hereby cedes,
in trust to the United States, the tract ofland in the
State of Kansas which was sold to tho Cherokees by
the United States, under the provisions of the second
article of the treaty of 1805; and also that strip of
the land ceded to the nation by the lourth article sf
said treaty which is included in the State of Kansas,
and the Cherokees consent that said lands may he
included in the limits and jurisdiction of the said
State.
"The lands herein ceded shall bo surveyed as the
public lands of the United States are surveyed, under
the direction of tho Commissioner of the General
Land Otiii.cc, and shall be appraised by two disinter-
ested persons, one to be designated by the Cherokee
national council and one by the Secretary of the
Interior, and, in case of disagreement, by a third
person, to be mutually selected by the aforesaid
appraisers; the appraisement to be not less than an
average ot'$l 25 per acre, exclusive of improvements.
"And the Secretary of tile Interior shall, from time
to time, as such surveys and appraisements aro ap-
proved by him, after due advertisements for sealed
bids, soil such lands to the highest bidders for cash
in parcels not exceeding ono hundred and sixty acres
and at not less than the appraised value: Provided,
That whenever there are improvements of tho value
offifty dollars made on the lands not being mineral,
and owned and personally occupied by any person
for agricultural purposes at the date of tho signing
hereof, such person so owning, and in person residing
on such improvements, shall, after due proof, made
under such regulations as tbeSecretary of the Inte-
rior may prescribe, be entitled to buy, at the appraised
raluo, the smallest quantity of land in legal subdi-
visions which will include his improvements, not
exceoding in the aggregate ono hundred and sixty
acres, the expenses ot survey and appraisement to
be paid by the Secretary out of the proceeds of sale
of said land; Provided, That nothing in this article
shall prevent the Secretary of the Interior from sell-
ing the wholo of said neutral lands in a body to any
responsible party, for cash, for a sum not less than
$800,000."
Under this provision of the treaty the Sec-
retary of the interior undertook to sell these
lands. The objection which I now make is
not to the title of the Indians to these lands,
but it is that the treaty-making power cannot
execute such a trust imposed upon the Gov-
ernment or any officer thereof, in any form,
without the aid of an act of Congress. Sir, if
the Indians who occupy the Territories and
reservations can by treaty convoy their lands
to the Government of the United States in
trust, to be sold for their benefit as in this
case, without the intervention of an act of
Congress, then almost the entire public lands
of this country can, and 1 fear will be, dis-
posed of in this way, and tho public domain
will be given up to monopolies and speculators,
and the whole homestead and land policy of
the Government be subverted. 1 deny that
any such thing can be done.
In the remarks 1 have made on several occa-
sions during the present session of Congress,
I have referred to authorities wilhout quoting
them at large, giving construction to the treaty-
making power of this nation. To these 1 may
now add another. Attorney General Gushing,
in an opinion found in volume 6, pages 440,
441 of the " Opinions of the Attorneys Gene-
ral," decided in substance that where a treaty
is executory, requiring the action of the legis-
lative branch of the Government in appropri-
ating money, the act of Congress making the
appropriation, and not the treaty, must govern
the executive officers of the Government. In
other words, the treaty-making power has
limits, and when it attempts to go beyond this
it is subject to the control of the law-making
power. Whatever under the Constitution may
be properly subject to the control of an act of
Congress cannot be claimed as falling within
a rightful exercise of the treaty-making power.
This Government cannot, under cover of the
treaty-making power, execute a trust for the
sale of lands. The officers who are to execute
such trust owe their existence to an act of
Congress which may be repealed at pleasure,
and thus leave no officer to execute it. A
patent cannot be issued,in execution of such
trust without the authority of an act of Con-
gress. The Government holds the legal title
to the trust lands, and under the Constitution
Congress alone can—
" Make rules and regulations for tho disposition
of the public lands,"
whether held in trust or otherwise, I will
notnow stop to inquire into the power to accept
or execute such trusts or the expediency of
assuming its exercise. Nor will I now inquire
how far the Indian chiefs, who executed th©
treaty of July 19, I860, could convey in trust
a title held by tlie Cherokee tribe or nation of
Indiana. But assuming that the Indian chiefs
had power to convey the lands of their tribe
or nation, and that a treaty is a proper mode
of making the conveyance, yet it does not fol-
low that either a duty or a power is thereby
devolved on the officers of this Government to
execute the trust by making sales. The treaty
to which I have referred attempts to clothe the
Secretary of the Interior with the power, and
to require of him the performance of the duty.
But whence are his powers derived and how
are his duties defined? By acts of Congress,
no one of which has authorized him to execute
trusts like this on behalf of Indian tribes. Who
is authorized to receive and pay out the money,
and by what authority? What is the liability
in case of a misapplication of moneys? Who
shall determine the mode of its distribution?
The whole scheme rests on no valid authority
whatever. To assert that the treaty-making
power is competent to execute such a trust, is
to assert that it can create the officers necessary
to accomplish the end, if they do not, as they
may not, exist in pursuance of an act of Con-
gress. But by the Constitution all offices not
therein provided for must be created by a law
of Congress. Such officers can only exist " in
pursuance of a law" of Congress.
In the brief space of time allotted to me I
cannot discuss this question fully, but I have
said enough to show that this trust cannot be
executed without the aid of an act of Congress.
I have shown that the treaty-making power has
attempted to encroach on the rights of the
law-making power. It is subverting the pre-
rogatives and powers of Congress, and its
encroachments are all the more alarming
because it is attempting to subvert the home-
l_ stead and land policy enacted in solemn laws
iiy Congress. It is encroaching on the rights
of labor and of the people by creating huge
monopolies of lands which ought to be dedi-
cated to the sacred purpose of making homes
for the homeless and landless poor.
Mr. Speaker, I afjree with the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Van Horn] in all that he
has said in commendation of the chiefs or
agents of the Cherokee Indians. I know some
of them personally as intelligent and worthy
gentlemen. The Cherokees have just ground
of complaint against our Government. And
for one, I would do them justice. Let the
Government buy their lands at once, pay for
them ?800,000 in money or bonds or other
lands, as may be agreed, and then put them
into market to actual settlers at the minimum
price of $1 25 an acre until the Government is
reimbursed for its expenditures, and then open
up the residue of the lands to homestead
entries. This will bring railroads, with thriv-
ing villages and independent farmers, and
Kansas will rejoice in the wisdom of the policy
which will secure these results.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian] a question.
Mr. JULIAN. Very well.
Mr. MAYNARD. These lands having been
conveyed by patent in fee simple to the Cher-
okee tribe of Indians, a civilized people, a
community recognized as such, by virtue of
what authority do we assume any control over
these lands after the date of that conveyance?
Was there any condition, express or implied,
attached to the grant by the United States'to
these Indians?
Mr. JULIAN. In answer to the gentleman
I will say that I do not pretend that we have
any control at all over these lands; the Cher-
okees were the absolute owners under their
patent. But what I say is, that when they under-
take to dispose of these lands by treaty, they
have no power thereby to repeal the land laws
of Congress, or to take away our jurisdiction
over the lands ceded as a part of the public
