1868.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
40th Gong....2d Sess.
Freedmen's Bureau—Mr. Adams.
Ho. of Reps.
does not impose any further punishment or
penalty except fitie or impi-isonment. The
House proposes to add a new and additional
penalty not mentioned in the law. The House
seeks, under color of that act, to inflict pains
and penalties not imposed by the act itself. Is
tliis just, fair, or legal? By every fair and
known rule of construction we must conclude
that no other pains and penalties were in-
tended by the framers of the law except those
mentioned in the law itself.
It was perfectly competent for Congress to
have imposed the penalty of impeachment in
lieu of fine or imprisonment, or in addition
thereto; but they did not do it. They now
seek to add it after the act is done. It is a
rule without exception in the United States
that penal statutes are construed strictly. No
sentence is ever imposed not warranted by the
plain language of the statute. A common
thief would laugh to scorn the idea of imposing
upon him any penalty except that mentioned
in the statute itself. Constructive penalties
are not allowed in any case to be imposed;
and yet you do not give the Chief Magistrate of
the country the benefit of the rules of law that
the common thief claims and always obtains.
But it is said that the Senate, sitting as a
court for impeachment, is the highest judicial
tribunal known to our country; that it is, in
fact, a tribunal superior to the Supreme Court.
He who thus asserts has read to little purpose
the Constitution of liis country. The Senate
has the sole power of impeachment; that is
all the judicial power it has. It is a jury to sit
on official life or death, butnothing more. But
the powers of the Supreme Court are much
more extensive. They extend to all cases ex-
cept impeachment, and their decisions are
authoritative and binding on all. Their decis-
ions on a question of law is binding on the Sen-
ate, while the decisions of the Senate are not
binding on them. Take this ease as an exam-
ple: the question of the constitutionality of
the tenure-of-office bill will arise in the trial of
the President before the Senate. Suppose the
Senate were to decide that it was constitutional,
would any man out of his horn-book say that
when the act is hereafter brought before the
Supreme Court to decide upon its constitution-
ality that the Supreme Court would be bound
by that decision? If so, then no act can ever
be declared unconstitutional by the court, be-
cause by its very passage the Senate expresses
its opinion upon the constitutionality of an act.
But it is the decision of the court, and not of
the body that makes the law, which controls by
the express provision of the Constitution.
The Senate may convict and may ground
their conviction upon an opinion of the con-
stitutionality of the tenure-of-offico act, and
(he Supreme Court may afterward decide the
act void. They may, in fact, settle the ques-
tion that the President was right, and you are
then powerless to repair the wrong you have
. done. It will be a great wrong to the Presi-
dent, but a greater wrong still to the people
who placed him there and whose servant and
representative he is.
But the Constitution itself settles, I think,
most conclusively the question that the Senate
is not of equal dignity and authority with the
courts. It. says that conviction on impeach-
ment shall not prevent trial or conviction for
the same offense by the courts of law; that
after a person has been convicted of the high
crime on the impeachmenttrial he may still be
convicted by the courts oT law of the same
crime, and the legal and prescribed penalty
inflicted. Now the converse of this proposition
must be true. He may be acquitted by the
Senate and yet convicted by the courts of law
and punished.
Acquittal or conviction by the Senate can-
not be held a plea in bar on a trial at law.
The Supreme Court would go on and give
judgment without any sort of reference to the
action of the Senate sitting as a court for im-
peachment. It [the court] would notbebound in
any way by any judgment the Senate might ren-
der. How, then, can it be said that the Senate
is the highest court? _ The Senate sitting as a
court for the trial of impeachments is nothing
but a court of special criminal jurisdiction,
nothing more or less. Their duty is to ascer-
tain whether just cause exists for the removal
of a public officer. The Constitution has pre-
scribed what that cause must be. It must be
the commission of a high crime or misde-
meanor.
Intention is the essence of all crime, and
cannot, in the nature of things, but be so.
There is no moral turpitude involved in the
mere act of removal of an office-holder. It
cannot be made morally wrong. It must al-
ways belong to the class of mala prohibita and
not mala in se. The Parliament of England,
in the plenitude of its imperial power, once
made it penal to bury the dead except in the
prescribed burial clothes, or for the living to
wear shoes with points over a certain length.
But neither the Parliament nor Congress can
make such acts morally wrong. The only
offense is in the violation of the statute, and
the party is liable only to the penalty the stat-
ute inflicts.
Now, the intention of the President is as
clear as intention ever can be made. It is
shown by words and acts. It is shown by his
repeated declarations to General Grant as well
as to others. It is shown by only passing an
order for removal. These all demonstrate be-
yond a doubt that his sole intention was to test
the validity of the tenure-of-office act. For the
proper tribunal to determine the question
whether it was or was not a law, and for exer-
cising the right secured to him by the Consti-
tution to bring his case into court, you impeach
him. In vain the President points to his
scrupulous execution of all the laws you have
passed, whatever he might think of their con-
stitutionality whenever any one except himself
had the right to bring to the test of a judicial de-
cision, and assures you that he only declines to
execute this because that is the only possible
way that it can be tested, and that he has no
idea of refusing to execute it for any other rea-
son. In vain he tells you that the Constitution
is his highest law ; that he has sworn to "pre-
serve, protect, and defend" it, and in this case
he must appeal to the only tribunal competent
to instruct him as to what is his duty, and that,
and that alone, is all he desires. \ ou answer
that is a high misdemeanor, and he is no longer
worthy to sit in the presidential chair. The
term high crimes and misdemeanors as used in
the Constitution means nothing more nor less
than aggravated or atrocious crimes and mis
demeanors. In your judgment, the mere order
of removal of Edwin M. Stanton is a crime so
atrocious or aggravated that the punishment
imposed by the act which made it a crime is
not sufficient. The penalty imposed by the
act is not enough, but you add a constructive
penalty.
Pretexts for wrong are never wanting. Of
all. the wrongs those perpetrated under color
of legal proceeding are the most abhorrent to
those who have known the blessing of law. It
is the using a noble means for an unworthy-
end. The perpetrators ol' the wrong are in
comparative safety. It does not require the
courage of the open and avowed wrongdoer.
It aid not require any courage in Jeffries to
murder Lady Alice Lisle with all the forms of
law. She was tried with all the forms of law.
She, too, was tried for a high crime, convicted,
and executed. The judgment, the unanimous
judgment, of all succeeding generations has
been that her trial was a mockery of justice
and law. and a century and a half has not less-
ened the indignation that the forms of law j
were made subservient to so great a wrong.
This trial will soon pass into history, and every I
lover of his country regrets that coming ages J
will pass the same verdict on this ease. i
Freedmen's Bureau.
SPEECH OP HON. GEORGE M. ADAMS,
op kentucky,
In the House of Representatives,
March 17, 1868.
The House having under consideration House hill
No. 598, to continue the Bureau for the Relief of
Freedmen and Refugees, and for other purposes—
Mr. ADAMS said:
Mr. Speaker: As one of the minority of the
committee by which the bill under considera-
tion was reported, and in which report I did
not, therefore, concur, I desire briefly to offer
a few reasons why, in my judgment, this meas-
ure should not become a law. As yet I have
heard no good reason assigned for its enact-
ment and no argument advanced in its sup-
port. The honorable chairman of the com-
mittee [Mr. EliotJ has not yet, I believe,
presented to the House (as I understand he
contemplates doing) a written report of the
reasons and considerations which induced the
committee to recommend to the House the
passage of this bill ; and in regard to his re-
marks in the House a few days since upon this
subject I must say, with all due respect for
that gentleman, that they seemed to me to be
a denunciation of the President of the United
States and a tirade of abuse against the Demo-
cratic party rather than a speech in support of
his bill or an argument in favor of its passage.
This bill proposes to reenaet and continue
in existence the measures heretofore enacted
for the relief of refugees and freedmen, to-
gether with such amendments and modifica-
tions as are herein contained. What, then, is
the character of the measures heretofore
passed and thus proposed to be reenacted, and
what the nature of the amendments and modi-
fications now proposed by this bill?
The first of these measures was passed March
G, 1865, and provides for the creation of a
new bureau in the War Department, to be
termed the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen,
and Abandoned Lands, to be continued for
one year after the close of the war, to which
shall be committed, in the language of the bill
itself—
"The supervision and management of all aban-
doned lands the control of all subjects relaling to
refugees and freedmen from rebel states, or from
any distiiet of country within the territory embraced
in the operations of the Army under such ruled and
insulations as may be prescribed by the bead of the
bureau and approved by the President."
The bill goes on and provides for the ap-
pointment and pay of a commissioner, assist-
ant commissioners, and other officers who are
charged with the execution of the law. The
Secretary of War is authorized to make such
issues of provisions, clothing, and fuel as he
may deem necessary for the relief and support
of destitute refugees and freedmen. The aban-
doned lands, as they are termed, are to be set
apart for the use of the freedmen and refugees,
each one of whom is to be allowed to rent forty
acres thereof, and be protected in the use and
enjoyment of the same for the term of thiec
years, and then, if he choose, to purchase the
ame from the United States. Thus, Mr.
Speaker, this bureau is authorized to take pos-
session of and exercise ownership over land to
which the United States has no title and to which
it has never professed to make any claim : to
rent, and ultimately to sell, the same in utter
disregard of the rights of the legitimate owner
who may happen to be temporarily absent there-
from. It is also to exercise exclusive control
over all subjects relating to refugees and freed-
men. And this control is to be exercised how,
to what extent, in what manner, and under
what limitations ? Not in such manner as may
he prescribed by a constitutionally enacted law,
but in such manner and to such extent as the
chief of this bureau may dictate, in the lan-
guage of the bill itself:
" Under such rules and regulations as may bo prs-
