1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1791
CHANGE OP ItEFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, by unani-
mous consent, the Committee on Military Af-
fairs were discharged from the farther con-
sideration of the petition of L. A. Phelps, late
major of the fifth Virginia infantry, and the
same was referred to the Committee of Claims.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, by unani-
mous consent, the Committee on Military Af-
fairs were discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of ElijaM. Dawson,
praying relief for supplies furnished the United
States Army under the command of Lieutenant
General Grant, and of the petition of J. H.
Eaton, paymaster and brevet brigadier general;
and the same were severally referred -to the
Committee on Appropriations.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, by unani-
mous consent, the Committee on Military Af-
fairs were discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 307) for the relief
of Albert Grant; and the same was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
ADVERSE REPORT.
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent,
made an adverse report on the petition of the
adjutant generals of Maine, New Hampshire.
Vermont, and other States ; and the same was
laid on the table.
MILITARY EDUCATION.
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Military Affairs, re-
ported a bill (H. R. No. 905) to establish a
national system of military education; which
was read a first and second time, recommitted
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCHENCK. I insist on the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business is the call of committees for reports,
commencing with the Committee on Roads
and Canals, and the morning hour has com-
menced.
REFERENCE OP SENATE BILLS.
On motion of Mr. PIKE, by unanimous con-
sent, a bill (S. No. 351) for the relief of George
llenry Preble, a captain in the Navy of tiie
United States, and a bill (S. No. 416) for the
relief of John S. Cunningham, Paymaster
United States Navy, were severally taken from
the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained leave
of absence for one week for Mr. Baker.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTIONS SIGNED.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 92) for the relief of Israel
S. Dielil; when the Speaker signed the same.
ROBERT LENDER.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 90fi) for the relief
of Robert Lender, company B, twenty-fourth
regiment Illinois infantry volunteers; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
WASHINGTON AND NEW YORK RAILROAD.
Mr. COOK, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported back House bill No. 621,
to authorize the building of a military and
posiil railroad from Washington city, District
of Columbia, to the city of New York, with a
substitute; which was ordered to be printed,
and recommitted to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE ON MINES AND MINING.
Mr. HIGBY. The Committee on Mines and
Mining, the committee next in order, I believe,
is not now prepared to make any reports. I
ask unanimous consent of the House that the
committee may be called after the list of the
committees have been gone through with on
the present call.
No objection was made, and it was accord-
ingly ordered.
SCHOOL IN ST. AUGUSTINE, FLORIDA.
Mr. ELIOT. I have been instructed to re-
port from the Committee on Freedmen's Affairs
and ask to have considered at the present time
a joint resolution (IT. R. No. 2o2) authorizing
the assignment of a lot of land in St. Augus-
tine, Florida, to the Commissioner of the Bu-
reau of Refugees and Freedmen for educational
purposes.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to he engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
directs the Secretary of War to assign and set
apart for the use of the Bureau of Freedmen
and Refugees a certain lot of land situate in
St. Augustine, county of St. John's, and State
of Florida, bounded north by the lot of 
Pacetti, south by the lot of Sabberti,
east by Spanish street, and west by Tolomato
street, containing one acre, more or less, which
lot is the property of the United States ; and
that the same shall be applied by the Commis-
sioner of said bureau for purposes of educa-
tion pursuant to the provisions of law, and
until the same shall be required by the Secre-
tary of War for other purposes.
Mr. CIIANLER. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot]
if this is not an original course of proceeding
in regard to the appropriation of lauds belong-
ing to the Government of the United States?
Mr. ELIOT. This joint resolution has been
reported in consequence of a petition which
was presented some time ago by the honor-
able gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
It relates to a small piece of land in the city
of St. Augustine which has belonged to the
Government of the United States since 1820,
but which has not been used for any purpose
for many years past.
This land is so situated that it can be made
available at present for purposes of educa-
tion. The only effect of this joint resolution
will be to permit the Secretary of War to allow
this land to be used for this purpose until it is
wanted by the Government for other uses. It
is temporary in its character, and 1 suppose cun
encounter no objection from any quarter. This
piece of land is from half an acre to an acre
in extent, and of no practical value to the
Government at the present time.
Mi-. WOOD. I desire to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] the
propriety of wording his joint resolution more
correctly.
Mr. ELIOT. In what respect?
Mr. WOOD. It should read: "Secretary
of War ad interim." [Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD. Ad ouierim, is it not?
[Laughter.]
Mr. WOOD. Ad interim is correct. I have
no particular objection to the proposition to
make this disposition of the land. But the
gentleman will permit me to say that the proper
officer,^the only Secretary of War now recog-
nized by the executive department of the Gov-
ernment, the acting Secretary of War, is the
officer to execute this joint resolution should
it become a law.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Who is that officer ?
Mr. WOOD. General Lorenzo Thomas.
He is the proper officer to execute this joint
resolution.
Mr. ELIOT. I cannot yield any further for
this discussion.
Mr. FAIINSWORTTI. Will the gentleman
allow me to suggest that General Thomas is
now signing himself " Adjutant General."
Mr. ELIOT. Yes, sir; that is what he is.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. He signs himself so
now.
Mr. WOOD. The person now in the War
Department is intrenched behind military
power.
Mr. ELIOT. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SEA ISLANDS, SOUTH CAROLINA.
Mr. PAINE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Freedmen's Affairs to report a bill
(H. E. No. 907) to provide for the sale of cer-
tain lands and lots on the sea islands of Beau-
fort district, South Carolina, and for other
purposes. The object of the bill is to wind up
the business of the tax commissioners in South
Carolina. I shall call the previous question
unless some gentleman desires to ask some
question.
The bill was read as follows :
Be it enacted by the Senate and Ilonse of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the instructions given "to thotax commis-
sioners for the district of Sour h Carolina" by Abraham
Lincoln, President of tho United States, dated the
Kith day of September, A. D. 18G3,and all sales made
in conformity therewith bo, and the same are heieby,
confirmed and legalized, subject to such modifica-
tions and exceptions as have been or may be made
by acts of Congress passed after the dato thereof.
Sec:. 2. And be it further enacted. That all lands set
apart as school farms in St. Helena parish, in South
Carolina, under instructions from the President, by
the United Slates direct tax commissioners ior South
Carolina, which remain unsold, and all lots in tho
city of Port ltoyal, in South Carol.na, subject by law
to the disposal of said tax commissioners, which re-
main unsold, may be sold for cash at public sale, by
the said commissioners, after three weeks' notice,
published in not less than three newspapers of gen-
eral circulation in the city of Charleston, in South
Carolina.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said tax
commissioners be, and they are hereby, authorized to
sol], in lots not exceeding twenty acres each, to tho
freedmen who now are, and before tho 1st day of Jan-
uary, 18b2, were, residents of the plantations on tho
sea islands in St. Luke's parish, in South Carolina,
at SI 50 per aero, all the unredeemed lands of said
plantations which may be at the disposal of the said
cunmissioncrs.
Si r. 4. Ami be it further enacted. That all persons
who may have acquired claims under the order of
Major Geneial Sherman, dated January 1G,1865, shall
obtain warrants for tho same before tho 1st day of
May. 1S68. All lands not required to meet tho war-
rants so obtained shall be sold by said tax commis-
sioners tu any freedmen who may be at the timo
heads of families, or who may have honorably and
faithfully served in the Army, Navy, orMarine corps
of tho United States, for not less than one dollar per
acrc, and in parcels of not more than forty acres to
any one purchaser, except the lands on Phillips,
Capers, Fripps, Hunting, and Harbor islands, which
may be sold for not less than fifty cents per acre, and
in parcels not exceeding threo hundred and twenty
acres to any one purchaser.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the said tax
commissioners may sell lor cash, for school purposes,
any suitable buildings, with grounds not exceeding
twenty acres in extent, located on any of the unre-
deemed lands at their disposal, at priecs to be fixed
by said commissioners.
Seu. 0. And be it farther enacted. That the lots and
houses in tlievillageof Mitchellville, on Hilton Head
Island, South Carolina, may be sold by the said tax
commissioners to freedmen for cash prices, to be fixed
by said commissioners.
Slc. 7. And be it further enactcd. That all lands,
lots, and improvements which were sold under sec-
tion eleven of the act entitled "An act for the col-
lection of direct taxes in insurrectionary districts
ivilhin the United States, and for other purposes,"
approved June 7,18tS2. by said tax commissioners to
personswhohadservedin tho Annv, Navy, orMarine
corps of the United States, upon which any deferred
installments of purchase money shall be duo and
unpaid, may be sold agreeably to the terms set forth
in the land sale certificates issued to such persons,
at public auction, after three weeks' notice in two or
more newspapers published in tho said city of Charles-
ton; but such installments may he paid at any time
before such lands shall be resold, and the said tax
commissioners are hereby authorized to bid, for the
United States, on any of the lands or improvements,
authorized to be sold at public sale by the provisions
of this act, such sums as ia their judgment may
secure the samcfrom unnecessary sacrifice. And any
property so purchased for the United States may
again be offered for sale to freedmen, from time to
time, until tho same shall bo disposed of at such
