1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3839
Mr. FERRY. No; it is not.
Mr. CONNESS. I believe it is, with great
respect to the Senator. But let me say the
cases are very different. They have their
population within a very small space, and the
country is policed in a manner and to an
extent that we could never police ours, and I
trust never will; and, indeed, I might say
here, that when inv honorable friend from Ken-
tucky who addressed the Senate shall have
ceased, and his associates with him, their
opposition to good measures in this country,
and to the reign of peace and justice, this
country will be, as I hope it will soon, policed
to a lesser extent than it is at this time. But,
sir, how is it possible to so police a continent,
every acre of which, if you leave out your
cities, is yet, as compared to European coun-
tries, .a forest? It is simply impossible. We
have undertaken to do it, and what has been
the result? Less collections annually.
My honorable friend from Vermont said that
those less collections were because of the
appointment of bad officers by Andrew John-
son. I am willing to admit that the present
President of the United States is very respon-
sible, and his Secretary of the Treasury, for
the failure to collect the revenue to an extent.
They are responsible from Sheridan Shook
down to Sloanaker. It is enough to say that
you cannot get a revenue officer removed upon
application, with facts sustaining the applica-
tion, who is engaged in cheating and defraud-
ing this Government. There is the fault there.
But that is not all the fault; nor is it fair or
honest to say that it is but Democratic ap-
pointees and so-called Johnsonian appointees
that do the stealing as officials. There is not
integrity enough in the Republican party, nor
any other party, to stand up against such a
tax. Why, sir, in the State that I in part
represent here whisky has not attained the
price of your tax in the markets of San Fran-
cisco since the tax was imposed. The greatest
distillery in that city, conducted by James
Dowes & Co., has been closed at least ten
months out of every year since the tax of two
dollars was imposed. They are honest men,
able to conduct their business, anxious to con-
duct it, anxious to pay the tax even of two
dollars, but they could not do it. Between
illicit distillations, as was stated here by a
Senator to day, in cellars and by-places, the
aggregate making avast amount of spirits, and
importations from New York escaping without
paying the tax there, but securing the brand
of the inspection officers, no establishment
could be run in San Francisco or California
paying the tax to the Government. The con-
sequence has been a loss of revenue on one
hand, an increase of other taxes upon honest
and industrious people, and a deprivation of
the right to carry on successfully private busi-
ness on the part of citizens.
I listened to my friend from Kansas who
moralized on the subject of whisky, and I
imagined for a while that I was hearing a tem-
perance lecture, that we had come together to-
night for that purpose. It was a temperance
lecture.
Mr. POMEROY. It would not hurt.
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir; and I am sorry
to say it could not do anybody any good, for
our experience is that those who want whisky
will get it, and you cannot tax it away from
them. Why, sir, if two dollars a gallon tax
was calculated to make sobriety in the country,
why does not my friend advocate four dollars,
and then try eight dollars, and so go on until
the people are universally rendered moral and
sober under the legislation of my friend from
Kansas? No, Mr. President, while I am not
an advocate of the use of spirits as a beverage,
and have never practiced it myself, I do not
believe in its prohibition. I believe that its
manufacture and use are legitimate things, and
tluit we have no right to prohibit them. But
that is not in this case: it is a question of reve-
nue that we are discussing; it is a question of
the money that we want, and we want to get
money as revenue with as little oppression to
the industries of the country as possible. We
have taken the way, I submit, by keeping this
tax at two dollars a gallon, to oppress an
industry in the country as much as possible
and get the least possible amount of revenue
after you have made politicians, important
politicians, powerful politicians, out of the
whisky dealers of the country—not the legiti-
mate dealers, not the legitimate distillers, and
yet many of these have had to engage in the
business in self-defense.
There have been, [ may say, thousands of
barrels seized at San Francisco on their arrival
there from New York with false inspection
marks or brands, unquestionably the result of
a combination between the fellows employed
at New York by the Government as officers and
the owners or importers of these spirits. They
have been seized, and that is all 1 ever heard
of them. The next thing after seizure is a
compromise that no man hears anything of,
another division of the spoils in which the Gov-
ernment gets little.
Mr. WILSON. And compromises a great
deal.
Mr. CONNESS. It compromises its au-
thority away; it compromises its dignity away;
it becomes the sport of the w*orst men in the
country. And yetgentlemen insist upon keep-
ing up this condition of things. We have given
this whisky combination to the present Admin-
istration, so far as they have got it, and they
have got it entirely. Why? Because they are
the source of appointment, because they are
the source for compromise ; and if there were
a Republican President to-morrow and a Re-
publican Secretary of the Treasury, and this
law should be kept in existence, while there
might be an honest struggle to administer the
law, the whole mass would be corrupted not-
withstanding.
It may be said that this is arguing a low esti-
mate of human nature. Well, Mr. President,
it is not so with me. 1 have a high opinion of
human nature ; but you must not subject it to
these unnecessary strains. Nothing is truer
than what was stated by my friend from Ver-
mont [Mr. Morrill] when up, that persons do
not feel that the evasion of revenue is a crime
equivalent to other crimes. The world-wide
expression of1 'a custom-house oath'' illustrates
this, lam glad, sir, to see the sense of return-
ing reason in the Government, and I hope that
this tax will be reduced. I am not willing to
launch a new Administration, if it shall be so
that we shall get the one of our choicc, as 1
have no doubt we will, upon the problem of
government under influences and auspices such
as a law of that kind would furnish. I want
to begin anew, and I hope that by that time
we shall be able to abolish all taxes upon all
other industries and collect our internal revenue
from the two articles contemplated by this bill,
and I think we shall be able to do so.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Mr. President, 1 do not wish to make a tem-
perance speech or a political speech on this
amendment; but I do wish to reply to two or
three arguments which have been made use of
here by different gentlemen this evening.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky, to
whom I listened this evening, as Iahvayslisten
with great interest and with great instruction
to myself, stated that the difficulty had been
that the law was not executed. I agree with
him fully in that. Why, sir, the record of this
whisky tax has been a path of crime and cor-
ruption, blackness and meanness, from the
moment the law was passed until this time.
But I understood him to intimate that the fault
rested with Congress. Now, sir, it is not the
function of the Congress of the United States
to execute the laws which it passes.
Mr. DAVIS. If my honorable friend will
permit me, I meant only in this respect, that it
imposed a tax enormously too high.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. If
it imposed a tax enormously too high, still it
was not the duty of Congress to execute the
law which it had passed, but it was the duty of
the executive officers of this Government to
execute that law or to prevent, the manufacture
of whisky at all. Where does the difficulty
rest? Does it rest with the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue? Some of the arguments
which have been used here to-day would seem
to imply at least a reflection upon that officer.
It has been my good fortune to know him from
boyhood until this moment. lie was a school-
mate of mine as a boy, and from that time
until now no man ever justly east a shadow
of a reflection upon his integrity, upon his
moral character in any particular. Simple in
his manners, unimpeachable in his integrity,
he stands unscathed and unapproached by any
taint of corruption through all this path of
crime.
Mr. DAVIS. My honorable friend did not
understand me as making any imputation upon
him.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. Not
at all. I have no allusion to the Senator. If
improper officers have been appointed to exe-
cute this law the guilt does not rest on his
skirts, the fault is not at his door ; for I know
that when he lias protested against keeping in
office corrupt and improper men his voice has
not been listened to ; when he has protested
against the appointment of men of notoriously
corrupt life and habits his voice has not been
listened to,.but his counsel has been passed
by as a thing of no worth.
It was said by the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Edmunds] that this law could be exe-
cuted, that the tax of two dollars could be col-
lected, that there were honest men in this
country who could collect it. I doubt not
there are ; but the trouble is you cannot get
them into the places where they can execute
this law. That class of men receive no appoint-
ments under this Administration.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is exactly what I
maintained.
Mr. _ PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Therefore, if we would collect a revenue from
whisky, let us put, the tax at a point where we
can collect it even under this Administration.
It was said here to-day that it was dishonor-
able in the Government not to collect this tax
of two dollars. I do not so understand it. If
the law was a penalty, if it was imposed as a
penalty for crime, then it would be dishonor-
able to put the tax at anything less than two
dollars; but the tax was put on lor the pur-
pose of revenue and not for the purpose of
punishment; it is not a penal act; it is a rev-
enue law; and when it fails to secure its object,
when it fails to bring revenue to the Govern-
ment, then it is the privilege and the duty of
the Government to put the tax at such a point
that it can secure a revenue. That is the
philosophy of the whole thing. We must ex-
pect corruption always when a tax approaches
the point of prohibition. There must be in
that case one of two things; either an ontiro
exclusion of the article or corruption to secure
it, and this tax is just at that point,. We all
know that this high tax was put on as a tem-
porary measure; nobody anticipated that the
tax on whisky would stand at two dollars. It
was simply a temporary measure. The war
has passed by, and why should not this extra
tax pass down in keeping with the taxes on
other matters?
I do not wish to extend this discussion. My
judgment is that the tax ought to be about a
dollar a gallon upon whisky.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to inquire
of the Senator why he states that the two-dol-
lar tax was a temporary measure ?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Because I supposed that all of our internal
revenue taxation was temporary; that when
the debt shall have passed away which was
incurred by the war we shall then return to
our old policy; and I hope that day will some
time come.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I would
not at this time occupy a single moment but for
a remark made by the Senator from California.
He seemed to argue that the rate of ta:f at two
dollars had been proposed by the Committee
