292
t . _ - . . _ ..
Ho. op Reps.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
{March IT,
F'readme,n's Bureau—Mr. Adams.
40th Co3stg....2d Sess.
scribed by tho head of the bureau and approved by
the President."
And finally, the Secretary of War is author-
ized, as before remarked, to issue, not a defi-
nite or limited supply of stores for the support
of the refugees and freedmen, but without
limit, and in his own discretion, regardless of
cost to the Government, to issue such supplies
as he may see proper to appropriate to these
purposes.
Such, sir, are the provisions of the act of
March 8, 1805, which created the bureau, and
which we were then told was to be a tempo-
rary measure, intended to continue during the
war and for one year thereafter, and which
would, therefore, have long since expired by
limitation but for the act of July 1G, 181m,
which provided for its reenactment and con-
tinuation for the term of two years thereafter,
with certain amendments and modifications
therein contained, which increase and enlarge
the powers of the bureau, and still further en-
croach upon the rights and liberties of the
people. The Secretary of War, in addition to
the issues of provisions, clothing, and fuel,
provided for in the act of March 3, 18G5, is
also authorized to issue such medical stores,
transportation, and other aid as he may deem
necessary for the relief of refugees and freed-
men.
Section fourteen, to which I wish more par-
ticularly to call attention, provides that in the
rebel States, as they are called—
"The right to make and enforce contracts, to sue,
be parties, and give evidence, to inherit, pureho^e,
lease, sell, hold, and convey real and personal prop-
erty, and to liave full and equal boneiit of all laws
and proceedings concerning personal liberty, per-
sonal security, and the acquisition, enjoyment, and
disposition of estate, real and personal, including
the constitutional right to boar arms, shall bo se-
cured to and enjoyed by all theciti&cns of such Stato
or district with out respect to raecor color or previous
condition of slavery."
Again, it goes on to say :
" And no penalty or punishment for any violation
of law shall bo imposed or permitted beeauso of raco
or color or previous condition of slavery other or
greater tlmn tho penalty or punishment to which
white persons may be liable by law for the liko of-
lense."
Here Congress undertakes to confer upon
the negro population of these States all the
civil rights and immunities that are enjoyed by
white persons, and declares that they shall be
subjected to no punishment other than that to
which white men are subjected for the com-
mission of like offenses.
If Congress has the right to determine who
shall testify in the courts, to say what shall be
the nature and extent of punishments to be im-
posed for the commission of offenses against
the State laws, and to determine who shall
make and enfore contracts, and, consequently,
who may marry and intermarry—for marriage
is in law nothing but a contract—then why
may it not also determine who shall vote and
hold office in the different States, and what
questions have the States the right to determ-
ine for themselves?
Now, sir, in the State of Kentucky, which I
have the honor in part to represent, we think
that the good of society and the welfare of the
country require that there should be some
limitations to both the civil and political rights
of these colored persons whom we sometimes
call negroes, but whom I ought not, perhaps,
hero to characterize by such an objectionable
term, as it would doubtless sound harshly upon
the ears of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
But, sir, 1 shall not stop here to inquire
whether it is best that all these rights should
be conferred upon the colored people, for I
maintain that, whether best or not, these are all
local questions, over which Congress has no
control and which are to be regulated by the
people of each State respectively, to whom is
left by the Constitution the right to control
their own domestic institutions in their own
way.
How is it provided that these rights thus
attempted to be conferred shall be~protected
and enforced? " Not through the agency of the
civil courts and legal tribunals, by which alone
the rights and liberties of any class of people
can be secured, but through the instrumentality
of military orders and the bureau courts. On
this subject the act goes on to declare that—
" The President shall, through the Commissioner
and the ofticors of tho bureau, and under such rules
and regulations as the President, through the Sec-
retary of War, shall prescribe, extend military pro-
tection and have military jurisdiction over all cases
and questions concerning the free enjoyment of such
immunities and rights.''
But the enlarged powers and increased juris-
diction conferred by this section of the law
were to extend to and be exercised only in the
States that had been engaged in the rebellion,
and in which it was claimed there were no civil
governments, and were to cease as soon as
such States should be restored to their consti-
tutional relations in the Union. It was not
then claimed, or pretended to be claimed, that
Congress could interfere with or exercise any
control whatever over the internal affairs and
local institutions of States which had not been
thus deranged and disorganized. It is now,
however, proposed to reestablish this bureau
in all the States where it has been wholly or
in part withdrawn, and to continue its opera-
tions and extraordinary powers in tho States
from which itliasnotthusbeen withdrawn, pio-
vided the Secretary of War may think neces-
sary to do so.
It is proposed not certainly to reestablish
and continue it in ceitain States for a definite
term, but to let the Secretary of War say when
and where it shall be reestablished and con-
tinued. In other words, not to enact a definite
and fixed law, because it is known the public
good requires it, but to leave it discretionary
with the Secretary of Warto determine whether
it shall or shall not be a law so far as certain
States are concerned.
Mr. Speaker, if this measure is thus to be
enacted, if this systematized anarchy is to be
thus inaugurated in this country, and the rights
and liberties of the people are no longer to bo
regulated and protected by fixed laws, but left
to tho whims and caprice of any one man who
may happen to bo Secretary of War, then I for
one can only-pray thatsome more just, upright,
and liberal-minded man may occupy that posi-
tion than the one who now claims to be the
incumbent of that office and has possession of
its records.
I have thus, Mr. Speaker, alluded to some
of the leading features of the laws establish-
ing and continuing this bureau, which, in my
opinion, are subversive of the ends for which
all good Governments are established. Gov-
ernments are not formed, sir, for the purpose
of preying upon the property and overriding
the rights of their citizens, and more especially
is this the case with our free Government, the
preamble to which declares:
" Wc, the people of the United States, in order to
form a more peiteet union, establish justice, insure
domestic tranquillity, piovide tor tho common de-
fense, promote tho general welfare, and secure tho
blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, .do
ordam and establish this Constitution for thoUmted
States ot America.'7
And yet, sir, in the face of this declaration,
the lands of private citizens are taken posses-
sion of in the name of the Government by this
bureau, to which the U nited States never held
the shadow of a title, and the President of the
United States, for restoring the possession of
these lands to their legitimate owners, and for I
thus refusing to become a party to this whole- !
sale robbery, is denounced in these Halls as i
an unworthy and unfaithful Executive.
But, sir, we are told that these lands were the '
property of rebels, and that they have tlieiefore
been forfeited ami confiscated, and all that.
These lands are confiscated; how, hir; under >
what law ; by the judgment of what court? Be-
fore a man's property can be confiscated he must '
have violated some law previously passed pro- '
viding such penalty, and must have been pro-
nounced guilty by the judgment of some tribu-
nal competent to try the case. Under what
law, then, were these lands confiscated ? There
■was, I believe, a confiscation law passed in
1862, but if it apply to these lands, then, I ask,
by what tribunal, under the judgment of what
court, have they been declared forfeited? By
what tribunal have the parties owning them
been pronounced guilty of a crime which works
forfeiture or confiscation? By no tribunal,
sir, unless it be by the edict of a petty agent
or the mandate of an assistant commissioner.
I desire here to remark that while I ara
utterly opposed to this bureau and all its oper-
ations I liave no warfare to make against its
chief, General Howard; indeed, from all I have
ever seen or heard of General Howard, I have
reason to believe him" a most estimable gentle-
man and a good officer, against whom or who.se
administration of the affairs of the bureau I
have no cause of complaint; but, sir, against
the bureau itself and its alarming powers I do
complain, and in the name of my people here
protest against its continuation.
The laws establishing and continuing this
bureauare, in my opinion, andasl shall attempt
to show, not only unauthorized by the Consti-
tution, but in open violation of its plainest pro-
visions. What right has this Government to
take possession of and appropriate to public
use the property of its citizens without just
compensation therefor? Where in the Con-
stitution do you find authority to feed, clothe,
educate, and support one class of people to the
exclusion of all otheis equally as destitute aud.
much moie deserving? What clause of the
Constitution confers upon Congress the right
to regulate the internal affairs and local institu-
tions of the States as is provided by this and
the previous bills, which conferupon the officers
and agents of the bureau these extraordinary
powers? Where, from the beginning to the
end of that instrument, does Congress get the
right to authorize the trial, conviction, and
punishment of civilians by military courts?
We look in vain to the Constitution for au-
thority to Congress to exercise these alarming
powers. This being so, I might here close my
argument, and in the absence of such a giant
of authority by the Constitution confidently
appeal to the House not to reenact these meas-
ures ; for it must bo borne in mind that Con-
gress has not the inherent aud unlimited right
to do whatsoever it may choose; on the con-
trary, it possesses only the delegated powers
conferred upon it by the people in the forma-
tion of the Constitution of the United States.
Now, sir, in the formation of that Constitu-
tion which gave existence to theCongress certain
powers theretofore passed by the people of the
several States were conferred upon it. Aud
Congress being simply the creature of the Con-
stitution thus formed by the people possesses
such powers, and such only, as are there granted
to and conferred upon it, the remaining pow-
ers not thus granted to Congress nor prohib-
ited to the States being, of course, reserx ed to
the people of the States. This, sir. is manifest
from the very nature of the ease: but, sir, le^t
in coming time Congress should attempt to
exercise powers not granted, an amendment
was added to that instrument which declares
that—
"The powers not delegated to theUnited States by
the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States,
are reserved to the States respectively, or to the
people." a
Hence, in determining the powers of Con-
gress, we look to the Constitution to see whether
the authority in question is by express terms
or necessary implication conferred, and if not,
then there can be no such authority.
But, sir, the officers and agents of this bureau
are exercising, in pursuance of these congres-
sional enactments, not only powers not con-
ferred by the Constitution, but also those which
are in direct conflict with its provisions.
