408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
January 9,
of currency ought to be fixed by Congress.
We have the power to coin money and to regu-
late the Yalue thereof. We have coined money I
in the form of paper money, and certainly the
power of Congress in this respect ought not
to be delegated to any single officer, if con-
traction ought to be established as the policy
it should be by Congress, not by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and it is not wise to con-
fer upon any officer of the Government a power
of this kind which can be and may be prop-
erly controlled and limited by Congress.
Third. This will strongly impress upon Con-
gress the imperative duty of acting wisely upon
financial measures, for the responsibility will
then rest entirely upon Congress and will not
be shared with them by the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Fourth. It will encourage business men to
continue old and embark in new enterprises,
when they are assured that no change will be
made in the measure of value without the open
and deliberate consent of-their representatives.
These considerations are amply sufficient to
justify this measure, but it is only preliminary
to others of far greater importance "that must
command our attention. These involve— |
1. The existence of the banking system of
the United States.
2. The time and manner of resuming specie "
payments.
3. The mode of redeeming the debt of the
United States and the kind of money in which
it may be redeemed; and in this connection
the taxes, if any, that may be levied upon the
public creditots.
4. Such a reduction of our expenditures and i
taxes as will relieve our constituents as far as
practicable from the burdens resulting from ,
the recent war. ;
These questions must all come here for
solution, but a methodical consideration of
•them can only be had by deciding what we have
before us. Sufficient for the day is the duty !
thereof. The pressure of the public business
is so great that I do not on a preliminary ques- i
tion of this kind wish to be forced into the j
general discussion of financial measures. The !
almost universal consideration of these matters j
and their public discussion amon^ the people
will bring out a great many many toolisn ideas
and some wise ones. I have entire confidence
that Congress will, in due time, provide such
measures as will enable our people to pursue
the industries of peace with all the energy and
success with which they conducted war. New,
it is our duty to relieve them from perhaps a
groundless terror; but whether groundless or
not, it is one that checks and paralyzes all
classes and kinds of industry.
With these remarks, Mr. President, so far as
I am concerned, I submit the question to the
Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I do not desire to debate this proposi-
tion, but I should be very sorry to have it pass
and have it understood that it was the unani-
mous voice of the Senate of the United States.
It looks to me as though when we interfere
with these financial questions that properly
belong to an executive officer we are rather
traveling out of our own jurisdiction. _ I be-
lieve that before the close of the session we
may find, as we have done in some other in-
stances, that we shall have to retrace our steps.
Since this bill was introduced into the House
of Representatives and has come here what
has been the result? The price of gold has
gone up from 133 to about 140—above 139. I
do not think that that is desirable.
Mr. NYE. It was 136 yesterday.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I read 139 as
the quotation of yesterday; it may have been
136; there may have been a misprint. At any
rate it has gone up considerably. Now can Sen-
ators desire to bring about a result that shall
tend to create higher prices? I do not believe
that that is the intention of Senators. If we are
ever to come to the pcint of a resumption of
specie payments we ought certainly to keep the
price of gold from going higher than it has
been for the last month. I think the effect of
this bill will be to send gold dancing up to 140,
and probably before the end of the session to
loO.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator allow me
to inquire of him if at the beginning of the |
session gold was not 140, and when Mr. McCul- :
loch was last contracting was it not at that
point, and immediately after the passage of
this bill by the House of Representatives did
not gold go down to 133? i
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. My own im- j
pression is that the public understood that ;
there would be an adoption of a policy by which
we would at; some fixed time resume specie
payments. This postpones the idea indefinitely.
I am averse to it, and I have only risen so as
to show at least that there is one Senator who
is unwilling to give his vote for the present
bill.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, I also desire
to state that I believe the Secretary of the i
Treasury is acting wisely and has been acting
wisely in the reduction of the currency up to
the present time. There may be financial dif-
ficulties pressing upon the commercial com-
munity at this time that should induce him to
withhold the exercise of the power which he
possesses to reduce the currency, andl have no
doubt he will discontinue the exercise of that
power as long as it may be necessary to do so
lor the ease of the money market and for the
success of the financial policy of the Govern-
ment in collecting its taxes. Bat I think it
would be very unwise to pass a bill here to per-
manently prevent the reduction of the currency,
and thus give an opportunity for speculators to
run riot again for another year or two with the
currency inflated and enable them to run up the
price ofgold probably, as the Senator from Ver-
mont states, to 140, or perhaps loO, a3 soon as the
bill is passed. The present amount of currency
in the country and the large amount that has been
afloat the past few years has raised the price of
every kind of product to such an extent that it
is impossible for us to export anything from the
country. We are using and consuming within
ourselves our products. Flour has advanced
to such an enormous price by reason of the
inflation of the currency that it is impossible to
ship it out of the country and compete abroad
with the foreign product of that article. The
inflation of the currency is acting asa protective
tariff to foreign countries to produce this article,
so important to our western States, so that
foreigners are furnishing flour and grain to Eng-
land and other countries instead of our produc-
ing it ourselves and exporting it to them in place
of the gold and United States bonds that we
have been sending out of the country. We
have sent within the past five or six years
about six hundred million dollars of gold and
United States stocks. Let this continue for
one or two years longer, and by this inflated
policy all our United States stocks will have
been sent out of the country, and we shall be
paying a tribute of gold interest to foreigners,
and we shall also have sent all our gold out of
the country, and we shall perhaps be prevented
from resuming specie payments for the next
fifteen or twenty years. It is alarming when
you see $3,000,000 of gold a week going out of
the country, and only $1,000,000 coming in.
The state of financial affairs is alarming to
me, and it looks to me as though we had better
leave the matter entirely to the Secretary of
the Treasury to govern the financial policy as
he has heretofore done, wisely, in my opinion,
and for the best interests of the country. He
is not going to adopt a policy that will cripple
the Government or cripple the industrial inter-
ests of the country. What he does will be for
the advantage of the whole nation. I hope
and trust this bill will not be passed. I there-
fore move its indefinite postponement.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ore-
gon to postpone the bill indefinitely.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I see
that the general inclination is to let this bill go
as a matter of course, and I suppose from the
indications I see that it will go through by a
very decided vote. It is not my intention to
debate it at length, but simply by word as
well as by vote to express my entire dissent
to the proposition which has been made by the
Committee on Finance. I see no possible
good to result from it, and I anticipate that it
may do a great deal of harm.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] has
observed that the matter of currency is a ques-
tion to be settled generally by Congress; that
Congress should regulate how much of it there
should be and how much there should not be,
and it should not be left entirely to the discre-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury. To that
extent I agree with him. I think we should
legislate upon the subject, and that that legis-
lation should be well defined, so that the coun-
try can understand what the policy of Congress
is and what the views of Congress are with
regard to a question so important as this is.
It is undoubtedly true that it should be so;
and it was expressly with this view that Con-
gress should express its opinion upon this
question of currency and the policy to be pur-
sued in relation to it that the law placing this
power in the hands of the Secretary of the
Treasury and limiting his authority specifically
with regard to it was originally passed. There
were two objects. One was, as I have just
stated, to express the views of Congress and
to limit the authority of the Secretary of the
Treasury in the process of reduction. The
next was, and the most important in my judg-
ment, in view of the condition of the country,
to express the opinion of Congress that there
should be a steady reduction of this species of
currency with a view to a return to specie pay-
ments and as soon as possible consistently
with the interests of the country, and as the
proper if not the only mode by which that
object could be accomplished. In my judg-
ment it is the only mode in which that object
can be accomplished. I do not believe that
specie payments can be resumed as long as
as it is understood that so large an amount
of the obligations of the Government which
are a legal tender are outstanding. It is, in
my judgment, only by a reduction of those
obligations, by taking them in, that the object
can be accomplished within any reasonable
course of years. The Treasury, under the
present circumstances of the country, is not
likely goon to be in a condition when specie
payments can be resumed with all this cur-
rency liable to come back to the Treasury.
If the attempt should be made under present
circumstances it would fail.
I say the law was passed with a view to '
express an opinion and to settle the question
| as to the judgment of Congress upon this lmport-
[ ant matter, that the only true condition of the
| currency was that it should be founded upon
a specie basis, and that that point should be
| reached as soon as it could be reached con-
[ sistently with the good of the country. It was
! so stated in debate ; it was so understood every-
where ; but further, inasmuch as Congress
thought that it was well to express its opinions
upon the degree of rapidity with which the
result should be reached, it was deemed advisa-
i ble by Congress to limit the power of the Sec-
retary and say tkat he should not reduce any
faster than in a specific mode and to the spe-
cific amount stated in the law. It did not mako
it obligatory upon him to reduce to that extent,
but left it at his discretion to exercise the power
thus far and no farther.
Hitherto Congress has rested under that
quietly ; the country has rested under that
quietly, with the exception of the alarms that
have been created by a certain set of people
who entertain different views from those thus
expressed by Congress. By men who have
multifarious schemes for having a currency in
the country irredeemable, mere rags, after the
necessity has ceased, with whom 1 do not in
any degree coincide, this effort is made now to
put an end in fact to that policy which Con-
