1792
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
prices as the said tax commissioners may deem suffi-
cient to secure the interests of tho United States.
Skc. 8. And be it further enacted, That one half of
all moneys and bonds or other evidences of debt
■which are or shall be held or controlled for the sup-
port or use of schools, or as the proceeds of sales
herein authorized on the sea islands, iu the parishes
of St. Ilelcnaand St. Luke, South Caroliua, by the
commissioner of the Bureau of Refugees, Ereedmon,
and Abandoned Lands, and by thesaid united States
direct tax commissioners for South Carolina, be ex-
pendedby tho Commissioner of theBureauof llefu-
gees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands in the pur-
chase and erection of school-houses in said parishes,
and in the purchase of iurniture and books for schools
therein; and one half of such moneys and bonds and
other evidences of debt shall bo transferred to the
Department of Education, and shall bo invested by
the Commissioner of said Department in bonds of
the United States, the interest upon which shall be
expended for the maintenance ot sehooislor children
and youth irrespective of race and color in said par-
ishes, under the direction of the Bureau of llefusrees,
Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands, so long as said
last  mentioned bureau shall becontinued by law, and
after its discontinuance by tho Commissioner ot the
Department of Education; andallschoollots, houses,
furniture, and books which are or shall be held or
coutioiled forlhesupportor useof sehoolson thesaid
sea islands by the said Commissioner ot theBureauof
ltofugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands, or by
the said direct tax commissioners for South Carolina,
shall be transferred to said Department of Education,
to be held for the use and support of schools in said
parishes; and any balance of the school lund l^rein
authorized to be expended by the Commissioner of
the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned
Lands, which shall remain unexpended when said
last-mentioned bureau shall be discontinued by law,
shall thereupon bo transferred to tho said Depart-
ment of Education to be expended for the mainte-
nance of schools in said parishes.
SlvC. 9. And be. it farther enacted, That all lands
lawfully set apart for military or naval uses in any
of the said parishes be, and they are hereby, excepted
from the operation of this act.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted. That all acts or
parts of acts inconsistent with this act are hereby
repealed.
Mr. PAINE. As I stated at the outset I do
not desire to detain the House, uuless some
gentleman wishes to ask a question, because
there is other important business to be reported
from the committee.
Mr. CHANLER. I certainly would like to
asl; the gentleman some questions; but it is
utterly impossible to put questions intelligently
iu regard to this matter uuless some explana-
tion of the bill be first given. Some explana-
tion is certainly due to the House with regard
to a bill which grants land to the extent em-
braced in the order of General Sherman, which
gave the whole southern coast, from Florida to
North Carolina, to those freedmen who might
have occupied it.
Mr. PAINE. I will make an explanation.
Mr. CHANLER. I hope the gentleman will
explain the whole bill.
Mr. PAINE. I will stale, in a few words, the
object of the bill, so far as it regards these
lands of which the gentleman from New York
now speaks. By an act which became a law
on the 16th of July. 18GG, it was provided that
freedmen in South Carolina and Georgiashould
be furnished with warrants on the direct tax
commissioners of South Carolina for twenty
acres each, under General Sherman's order.
15y that act no time was fixed within which
they should make good their claims for these
warrants. The object of this bill, so far as that
subject is concerned, is simply to require them
to establish their claims for warrants on or
before the 1st day of May next. As I said,
the provisions of the act of July 16, 186(5, are
indefinite as to time. This gives no new rights
to anybody, but merely requires the freedmen
who would avail themselves of the provisions
of the act of 18C6 to do so before the 1st day
of May next.
Now. sir, this bill embraces four provisions.
In the first place, it confirms certain instruc-
tions of Abraham Lincoln, issued September
16, 1868, to the tax commissioners of South
Carolina. Those instructions have already
been in part confirmed by the act of I860, but,
in order to avoid any question as to the title
of land acquired under those instructions,
through the sales of the tax commissioners
made in pursuance of them, it is provided in
this bill that those instructions and the sales
made in conformity to them shall be confirmed
and legalized, subject to such exceptions and
modifications as lmve been or may be made by
any act of Congress passed after those instruc-
tions were issued and in conflict with them.
The second object of the bill is to wind up
the business of the land sales provided for by
these instructions and by the act of 1866, so
that the tax commissioners, in whose hands
this business is, may be relieved of this duty
and their offices may be discontinued.
The third provision is, that one half of the
school fund, which, by virtue of the instruc-
tions referred to or of the act of 1866, is now
in the hands ot the Freedmen's Bureau or of
the direct tax commissioners of South Caro-
lina, shall be transferred to the Department of
Education, the interest to be expended by the
Freedmen's Bureau until discontinued, and
afterward by the Department of Education,
while the other half shall remain in the con-
trol of the Freedmen's Bureau. It was ob-
viously necessary that some provision of that
kind should be made, in view of the possibility,
not to say probability, of the discontinuance
of the Iueedmen's Bureau.
These are three of the objects of this bill.
The fourth provision relates to the warrants
for lands under General Sherman's order, of
which I spoke at t.hc outset.
Mr. CHANLER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin has made the explanation he has felt
called upon to make of this bill, and he has
referred to the order of General Sherman, upon
which these claims are based. I havo that
order, dated Washington, February 2, 1806,
printed in the Globe now before me. It was
brought forward in the discussion of tho very
bill referred to in the present measure. If the
gentleman will allow me, I should like to have
it read for the information of the House.
Mr. PAINE. It is suggested that the order
of General Sherman is a long one, and I must
therefore define to yield to have it read.
Mr. CHANLER. If it is long, so is the
truth. I see what is wanted. This bill must
be passed under the pressure of the previous
question without debute. It involves claims
of lands extending hundreds of miles along the
coast. Certainly there should be time for
getting out the facts and for the discussion of
so important a measure. Tho House ought to
be put in the possession of General Sherman's
letter.
Mr. PAINE. I cannot yield to have any
lengthy letter read. I have already stated that
this bill in no wise extends the act of 18G6, so
far as General Sherman's order is concerned.
On the contrary, it restricts the claimants, in
point of time, requiring them to make good
their claims and receive their warrants on or be-
fore the 1st day of May next. In no other re-
spect does it alter the law as it now stands on
this subject. I cannot yield to have General
Sherman's letter read, but I yield for a ques-
tion.
Mr. CHANLER. I make this assertion:
inasmuch as this bill is based upon claims of
these people to lands under General Sherman's
older I believe the character of that order
should be understood by this House. I say
now that General Sherman, in his letter of
February 2, 1866, expressly denies he intended
to give title to any land whatever. Jt was a
mere temporary arrangement to furnish houses
for a homeless people who had been drawn
along with his army from the interior, and who
were houseless upon the coast. Some tempo-
rary provision had to be made. Upon the tem-
porary arrangement then made under General
Sherman's order is the basis upon which this
bill rests. It is proposed to give these people
title to lands when they have no title to them
whatever, even underGeneralSherman'sorder.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman misunderstands
me so far as the order of General Sherman is
concerned. The only ground upon which these
claims are based is section nine of the act of
1866. We only refer to the order of General
Shermanjn order to describe those claims.
Mr. CHANLER. It is, of course, impossible
for us to combat the numbers of the majority,
but I do say these claims and this plan of giving
title to those lands will return to plague their
inventors. I hope the House will have more
self-respect than to pass this bill in this way.
Mr. PAINE. These titles rest not on the
order of General Sherman, but on an act of
Congress. Unless some question is to be
asked I will now caM for the previous question.
Mr. CHANLER. Allow me to say when
the facts are presented the gentleman refuses
to have them read, i ask him to allow this
order of General Sherman to be read, and he
refuses to allow it, because some one whispers
to him across the floor that it is long.
Mr. PAINE. The country is familiar with
that order.
Mr. CHANLER. They are very familiar
with this sort of acts, too.
Mr. PAINE. I yield to the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Nibi.ack.]
Mr. NIBLACK. I am really curious toknow
what power Congress possesses by which the
gentleman thinks we can pass this bill. If
this be private property—and I suppose all
this property was once owned by individuals—
by what authority can we take it away from
the owners by mere act of Congress? It is
true, if the owners were guilty of treason it
might be confiscated by judicial proceeding,
but I have never heard of any such proceed-
ings, and as I understand the subject the only
pretext of title is the order of General Sher-
man. I am at a loss to know what power
General Sherman had, except by the mere act
of military occupation, to set apart this prop-
erty. But after it was thus set apart, what
power has Congress to confirm these titles, or
interfere with the matter in any way? It is a
legal question.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman from Indiana,
like the gentleman from New York, entirely
misunderstands the provisions of the bill, so
far as these lands are concerned. The bill
requires the claimants to these lands, under
the act of 1806, to establish their claims and
obtain their warrants before the 1st of May.
If they do not do so it cuts them off. It gives
them no new rights ; it provides no new legis-
lation in their favor; it restricts rather than
extends their rights. The act of 1866 author-
izes the warrants but does not limit the time
within which they must be demanded. This
bill limits the time to May 1, 1868.
Mr. CHANLER. I ask the gentleman if
he can show any proof that these men have
any claim at all? Is not this a legislative claim
which it is proposed to establish, which does
not exist in law? Is it not inventing a claim ?
Mr. PAINE. I answer the gentleman in
the negative. I yield to the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Kehb.]
Mr. KERR. I wish to inquire if it is not
the purpose of this bill to make valid and legal
such claims as these people had when they
entered upon these lauds? I do not want to
raise, at this time, any question as to the legal,
character of their original claims. I simply
want to know whether it is not the purpose of
this bill to make legal, valid, and perpetual
such claims as they then did have?
Mr. PAINE. 1 will repeat once more, for
the information of the gentleman, that under
the law of 1866 no time was limited within
which they could present and establish their
claims under that law. The sole object of the
section of the bill referring to this matter is to
compel them to make good their claims, what-
ever they have, on or before the 1st of May
next. It is no part of the object of the
bill either to confirm, add to, or in any other
way change these titles. *
Mr. KERR. Another inquiry. I desire to
know whether it is the intention of this bill to
extend its provisions to the titles of any lands
except those that were sold for taxes under
the law to which the gentleman refers.
Mr. PAINE. The object of the bill is to
provide for the sale of lands that were sold by
the tax commissioner of South Carolina under
the instructions of President Lincoln, issued
in 1863, and which may not have been paid for.
Its object is to provide for the sale of such lands
as have not been redeemed, such as were bid
