issa
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
409
grass thus adopted, and to notify the country
that Congress has specifically abandoned once
and forever, I-because it will necessarily be so,) j
or at any rate for an indefinite period of time,
the policy which it once decided to be a wise
one, and so decided with the approbation, I
believe, of all the thinking men of the country
upon such subjects. That policy i^to be now
abandoned, and we are to stop precisely where
we are, leaving the volume of the currency as
it is until further legislation, that is, "until
otherwise ordered,'' under the idea that it will
not be otherwise ordered.
Well, sir, I fear the effect of it. I fear that |
the country can place but one construction ,
on it, aud that is that the idea of returning ;
to specie payments is to be abandoned for an j
indefinite period, and that our policy, instead j
of being that of returning to what I think the j
great majority of wise and thinking men sup-
pose to be the true one, that our currency
(should be founded upon a specie basis and
should be in fact specie, is to be anything but
that.
I believe that this will be attended by all the
evils which have been suggested by the honor-
able Senator from Oregon [Mr. Corbett] and
by more. What good is to be attained by it?
I cannot conceive. Is there any danger that
the Secretary of the Treasury, especially after
what he has written to us, and with his judg-
ment what of the condition of things in the coun-
try requires at any specific time when Congress
is not in sessionf will avail himself of that
power against the interests of the country and
the interests of business, to continue contrac-
tion when it is a matter of discretion with him?
I think there is no such danger. The idea of
•returning at once, by a single jump, perforce
to a currency of specie no one now entertains,
because it is now seen, as I have always sup-
posed, that that must necessarily be a work of
time.
After an experience of four or five years
such as we have passed through, with every-
thing in the country disordered, with the cur-
rency in the condition it was and business in
the condition it was, the thing was impossi-
ble. You could not do it without producing
very great evils. A return must necessarily
be a work of time. Congress said it was a
work of time when it passed the act of 1866
originally, providing that the Secretary of the
Treasury might reduce the currency of the
Government in a certain ratio. Going on at
that rate it will be seen that it would take a
considerable number of years to retire all this
currency. There would seem, then, to be no
danger on that score. !
Nor do I see anything in the idea of my
friend from Ohio, that this measure is neces- j
sary in order to show that Congress has a pol- I
icy and that Congress takes this matter into
its own hands. That is shown by the very act
which it is now proposed to repeal. That act
contained a limitation imposed by Congress on
the power of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. GRIMES. Has it been followed out by
him?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly it has been
followed out by him.
Mr. GRIMES. Has he never withdrawn
more than $4,000,000 in one month?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Never, that I am
aware of, and I never heard that he had, and
I do not know that he has always withdrawn
that amount regularly any month. I am in-
clined to think he has not retired to the whole
amount of the $4,000,000 in any month. He
could not retire more without violating the law.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Will the Senator from
Maine allow me to interrupt him a moment
to state that it is the public opinion among
business men that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has withdrawn at one time as much as
$20,000,000, that he has abstained during four
or five months from withdrawing the propor-
tion that the laws of the country permitted him
to withdraw, and has by one fell blow taken
from the currency and from the property of
the country to that extent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator from
Rhode Island will tell me that he knows the
fact, that he has ascertained it, and ascertained
it at the Treasury Department or from any
public document I will listen to the statement,
but until he does that I must be excused for
paying no attention to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the permission of
the Senator from Maine I will state that we
have on our table a document that shows the
precise diminution month by month. While
I am desirous to take away this power I am
bound to say that there is no month within
which the amount of United States notes has
been'diminished over four millions; but I sup-
pose I can tell what has given rise to the state-
ment made by the Senator from Rhode Island.
At certain periods the compound-interest notes
matured rapidly and were paid off as they be-
came due, and they were considered as iii the
nature of currency, but the Secretary had no
discretion in the matter; he had to pay them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The law which it is now
proposed to repeal did not apply to those notes.
We were bound to redeem them as they became
payable.
Mr. NYE. Allow me to ask the Senator
from Maine a question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I want to answer the
Senator from Rhode Island first, and then with
pleasure I will endeavor to answer anything
the Senator from Nevada may ask. I only
wish to say to the Senator from Rhode Island
that it is hardly fair to the Secretary of the
Treasury, when all the information is within
the Senator's reach and he can get it at any
moment, for him to rise in his seat here and
use as an argument a statement that it is the
opinion of the country that at one fell swoop
the Secretary has retired $20,000,000.
Now I will hear the question which the Sen-
ator from Nevada desires to ask me.
Mr. NYE. I have a vague recollection of
a law being passed authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury, as the compound-interest
notes became due, to issue three per cent, cer-
tificates, or securities of some kind, to supply
the deficiency thus created. I was told in
New York the other day that during the two
months preceding the election there were
$53,000,000 ofcompo.und-interest notes retired,
together with $8,000,000 of United States
notes, making $61,000,000, and at the same
lime a circular was issued to the banks to keep
good their reserve. The banks that had been
holding these $53,000,000 of compound-inter-
est notes had to get in legal tenders to supply
their places. The effect of this was to con-
tract the currency some sixty-one million dol-
lars at once, which raised the price of money
in New York from five to eight per cent., and
in Chicago to as much as sixteen per cent., and
prevented the obtainment of the means for
bringing forward the vast products of the
West. That is what I was told.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If thfe Senator were
as familiar with the utter worthlessness of the
rumors and of the stories told in Wall street
and elsewhere in New York about the opera-
tions of the Treasury Department as I am he
would have given no sort of credit to them
whatever. I suffered under them for eight
months, and I know precisely what credence
they are entitled to. I was often applied to to
know how I would answer this and how I would
answer that, and it was said to me "such and
such rumors are going about," and "such and
such things are said ; what have you to say to
them?" Myanswerwas: "Nothing; I conduct
my business here according to my views of
what is right, and it would take all my time
to answer the stories that are got up for certain
purposes, party or otherwise, in New York and
in other places." I pay just as little attention
to them as I do to the statement of my friend
from Rhode Island, that the country believes
so and so ; it believes for the time everything
it is told. Let proof be brought of any of
these things before we censure the Secretary
of the Treasury. I have waited in vain to hear
anything like proof, and it strikes me that it
is hardly becoming grave legislators, Senators
of the United States, to base their action upon
out-door rumor in matters so important as this
when the means of obtaining accurate informa-
tion of'the exact condition of affairs is at their
hand at any moment. I should not like to be
judged so if I was at the head of the Depart-
ment, and I do not think it is exactly fair; but,
however that inay be, it does not at all affect
the ground that I am taking.
I was stating that the Secretary's power had
been specifically limited. Congress has legis-
lated ; it has said what it believed to be the
true policy, based upon a general principle,
upon which perhaps I may have more to say
by and by, that it was expedient and desirable
to return to specie payments just as soon as the
condition, of the country would allow, because
that is the only safe condition, and to give that
assurance to the people of the country and to
the business of the country that, while Con-
gress did not mean to proceed violently or
allow anybody else to proceed violently in rela-
tion to the matter, it still did intend to keep
that idea steadily in view; and that the busi-
ness of the country might rely upon it as settled.
Now, sir, we have gone on to a certain extent
in regard to these greenbacks, as they are
called, the "lawful money," and it has been
placed in the power of the Secretary of the
Treasury to make a very small, a very limited,
reduction from month to month, from which
no harm has followed. Are rumors of ono
description or another to influence Congress to
repeal that, and substantially say to the coun-
try, "we have abandoned the idea which we
put forth of a return to specie payments at the
earliest practicable day?" That is precisely
the declaration we make by repealing this
authority, for resumption cannot take place, in
my judgment, so long as matters remain in
their present condition.
Sir, I am not prepared to do this on any
ground—either to meet or to avoid the fears that
have been expressed outside. They never will
be avoided by a constantly shifting and chang-
ing policy on the part of Congress. So long as
Congress legislates one way to-day and another
way to-morrow to meet outside rumors in Wall
street or elsewhere, no matter where, the coun-
try will have no confidence in us; and if the
Secretary of the Treasury has lost in any degree
the confidence of the country we shall be in as
bad a condition as he is unless we have some
firmness and some stability in the policy that
we assume and agree upon.
As I said before, sir, there is no force that. I
can see in the position taken by the honorable
chairman of the Finance Committee—that it is
necessary to do this in order to show that Con-
gress means to control this question—for Con-
gress showed that when it passed the bill which
he now proposes to repeal. It adopted its pol-
icy then, and in my judgment the only safe way
is to adhere to it.
Sir, I will make one other general remark
before I sit down ; I have already said a great
deal more than I intended when I rose. I
believe that all the trouble, all the difficulty
we have "arises from something that is una-
voidable. The country is in an anomalous
condition in regard to the currency. This
arose out of a matter that we could not avoid—
the enormous expenditures of the war._ We
have got to a point where our currency is dis-
ordered ; we want to get back to a safe posi-
tion, and as so«m as we can. But there are
people in the country who are everlastingly
scheming to get back by legislation, by this
scheme and that scheme and another scheme
to shorten the time or else to abolish ^ime and
say we will not go back at all. Now, my idea
is, that only time will accomplish it. We can-
not do it without suffering; that must come.
Such a position as we are in we cannot get out
of without suffering to the country in its busi-
ness affairs, and the more you legislate to post-
pone that suffering, the more you legislate
with schemes of one kind and another to tide
over this time and tide over that time and the
other, the more difficult, in my judgment, will
