1808.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
293
40tii Oo^o....2d Se&s.
Freedmen's Bureau—Mr. Aclams.
Ho. of Risps.
In General Howard's report for 186G, page
15, I find, among other things, the following
regulations for carrying out these congressional
enactments:
" i. Burc.au courts shall be composed of three mem-
ber?, to be appointed, by the assistant commissioner,
subject to the approval of the Commissioner, one of
■whom shall be an officcr or agent of this bureau, and
the other two citizens of the county in which the
courtis organized.
" II. Bureau courts shall have jurisdiction of cases
relating to compensation for labor of refugees or
freedmen, and may hear and determine other civil
cases between refugees, freedmen, and others not
Involving more than the sum of $300; they may also
try offenses committed by or against freedmen, pro-
vided the punishment imposed shall not exceed a
fine of $100 or imprisonment at hard labor for thirty
days. The judgtnentof these courtsmaybe enforced
by military authority, and shall not bo obstructed by
the stay law of any State."
Thus authorizing these bureau courts, com-
posed of three persons, to determine questions
of property where the amount does not exceed
three hundred dollars, and to inflict punish-
ment not exceeding a fine of one hundred dol-
lars or imprisonment for thirty days. The Con-
stitution of the United States declares that—
"In all criminal prosecutions the accused shall
enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial, by an
impartial jury of the State and district wherein the
crime shall have been committed."
And in another article it says that no person
u shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property
without due process of law.'5 And again it
declares:
"Art. 7. In suits at common law, where the value
in controversy shall exceed twenty dollars, the right
of trial by jury shall be preserved, and no fact tried
by a jury shall bo otherwise reexamined in any court
of the United States than according to the rules of
the common law."
But, in utter disregard of these provisions,
citizens are deprived of their property without
legal proceeding, and are tried and sentenced
to imprisonment, not by a jury of their peers,
but by the judgment of a bureau court, consist-
ing of an irresponsible agent and two other
men, who are to compose the court.
But, sir, it is, perhaps, idle for me to quote
here the Constitution of the United States,
which has been characterized by persons of the
same political school with the gentleman from
Massachusetts as a u league with death and a
covenant with hell," and outside of which
prominent members of the Republican party
of this House declare they are acting in all
their legislation respecting the rebel States.
I be?, however, to read from another docu-
ment, which, I am sure, the Republican side
of the House will recognize as entitled to their
consideration. One of the resolutions of the
platform of the Republican party upon which
Mr. Lincoln was first elected, and by which the
party were pledged to stand, reads as follows:
''That the maintenance inviolate of the rights of
the States, and especially the right of each State to
oider and control its domestic institutions, accord-
ing to its own judgment exclusively, is essential to
that balanced power on which the perfection and
endurance of our political fabric depends; and wo
denounce the lawless invasion by armed force of the
soil of any State or Territory, no matter under what
pretext, as among the gravest of ciime?."
Now, sir, when the officers and agents of
this bureau are sent into States, with a military
ftuce to protect them, and instructed to take
possession of the lands of the people, and to
override their civil laws, what is it but {*a
lawless invasion by armed force of the soil"
of such State, which was then declared by the
Republican party to be "among the gravest
of crimes ? "
Sir, I indorse to-day the doctrine then pro-
mulgated by the Republican party in this reso-
lution ; and [ hope I may be pardoned for saying
that I regard the operations of this bureau as
nothing less than an armed invasion of the
States, and, in the language of the Republican
party, 44 as among the gravest of erimes."
But, Mr. Speaker, even if Congress had the
clear and unquestioned right to pass such laws,
I deny that there was ever any necessity for the
establishment of this bureau, and especially
do I deny that there is any necessity for its
continuation at this time. The avowed object
for which the bureau was established, and for
which it is proposed to be continued, is two-
fold : first, to protect the freedman in the
enjoyment of certain rights; and second, to
afford them relief and assistance. Now, sir,
there can be no possible necessity for the con-
tinuation of this bureau for the purpose of
protecting them in any right. The civil rights
bill, passed March U, 1806, provides abundantly
for that. The first section provides:
"Be it enacted, &c., That all persons born in the
United States, and not subject to an} foreign Power,
excluding Indians not tax^d, are hereby declared
to be citizcns of the United States; and such citi-
zens, of every race and color, shall have the same
right in every State and Territory in the United
States, to make and enforce contracts; to sue, be
parties, and give evidence; to inherit, purchase, lease,
sell, hold, and convey real and personal property;
and to full and equal benefit of all laws and proceed-
ings for the security of person and property, as is en-
joyed by white citizens, and shall be subject to like
punishment, pains, and penalties, and to none other,
any law, statute, ordinance, regulation, or custom to
the contraiy notwithstanding."
And, lest the local tribunals in the States
should deny some of the rights thus conferred,
the act goes on to provide that any person
who shall refuse to recognize these rights and
enforce this law shall be lined $1,000, or im-
prisoned one year, or both; and as a further
means of securing these rights the United
States circuit and district courts are opened to
the freedmen and given original jurisdiction
over all cases affecting persons who are dcuied
these rights in the State courts; and, still further
to provide facilities for securing these rights
to the most obscure person in the most remote
part of the country, the act provides for the
appointment of additional commibbioners to
assist in its execution. On this point it says:
" And with a view to affording reasonable protec-
tion to all persons in their constitutional rights of
equality before the law, without distinction of race
orcolor.it shall be the duty of the circuit courts of
the United States and the superior courts of the Ter-
ritories of the United States, from time to tim<\ tn
increasethe number of commissioners, so as to afford
a speedy and convenient means tor the arrest and
examination of persons charged with a violation of
this act."
Thus, Mr. Speaker, this civil rights bill con-
fers or attempts to confer upon the freedmen
all the rights proposed to be conferred by the
bill under consideration ; and provides the
means by which the humblest freedman can
avail himself of its benefits.
But, sir, in addition to this, another act was
passed March 2, 1807, establishing military
governments in ten States of this Union, the
professed object of which was to punish crime
and protect all persons in their rights.
1 beg to read some of the provisions of this
bill:
" Whereas, no legal State governments or adequate
piotcction^for life or_property now exist in ibe rebel
States of Viigmia, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana, Florida,
Texas, and Arkansas:
" Snc. 2. lie it farther cn<ccted, That it shall be the
duty of tbe President to assign to the command of
each of said districts an officer of the Army not below
the rank of brigadier general, and to detail a suffi-
cient military force to enable such officer to perforin
his duties and enforce his authority within the dis-
trict to which he is assigned.
" Sec. 3. That iteliall be theduty of each officer as-
signed 33 aforesaid to protect ail persons in their
rights of person aud pioperty; to suppress insurrec-
tion, disorder, and violence, and to punish or cause
to bo punished all disturbers of the public peace and
criminals; and to this end he may allow local civil
tribunals to take jurisdiction of and to try offenders;
or when, in his judgment, it may be necessary for the
trial of offenders, he shall have power to organize
military commissions or tribunals for that purpose,
and all interference under color ot State authority,
with the exorcise of military authority under this act
shall be null and void."
Thus, sir, military dictators, with an army
sufficient to enable them to enforce their or-
ders, are sent into these States, and there,
uncontrolled by any law, are directed to exer-
cise absolute and unlimited control over the
lives, liberties, and fortunes of the people of
one entire section of this Union, and all this
under pretense of protecting the rights of the
people. And now, Mr. Speaker, after the pas-
sage of both these arbitrary and unconstitu-
tional laws, each of which stands unrepealed
and in full force, both protecting the freed-
men, one by the civil and thv other by the
military arm of the Government, we are to-day
urged to pass yet another law for the protec-
tion of the freedmen. If it be claimed, under
these circumstances, that another law should
be passed for this purpose, then it must be
admitted that the military governments in the
southern States, the support of which has
already cost so many millions of the people's
money, are a failure and should, therefore,, be
abolished.
As to the propriety of continuing this bureau
for the purpose of affording relief to the
destitute fiecdmen, I hold that this country,
under its present financial embarrassments, is
not able to continue in existence a bureau for
the support and maintenance of any class of its
people, and more especially for the support and
education, a<5 proposed by the bill, of this class
of roving vagabonds called freedmen, whose
only idea of freedom is that it confers upon
them the right to be idle, and whose destitu-
tion is the result of their own indolence.
Six*, the country is to-day groaning under the
weight of a public debt, the amount of which
can hardly be estimated, and the people are
harassed with the burdens of taxation to such
an extent that they cry for relief from every sec-
tion of the whole country, and at this time,
laboring as we are under such financial embar-
rassments, it is proposed to continue a bureau
which has already cost the Government im-
mense sums of money.
And here, sir, while alluding to the cost of
this bureau, I desire to notice some statements
made by the gentleman from Massachusetts in
his remarks upon this subject a few days since.
In alluding to a remark made by the Presi-
dent of the United States in the latter part of
the summer of 1800, and repeated on several
occasions, to the effect that this bureau had
then cost the Government $12,000,000, the
gentleman from Massachusetts used some ex>
traordinary language, which I was surprised to
hear fail from tho lips of that gentleman, who
is ordinary so polite and courteous toward
others. He indulges in the following intem-
perate, and I may add, unjust remarks:
" It is difficult to characterize, in fit phrase, without
transcending far beyond thelineofcourteous debate,
these statements which I have read, made officially
by the President of the United States; first, in his
veto ; second, in the speech to the delegates at Phila-
delphia; and again in tho course of his journey
through the West. And yet these statements have
been taken up by gentlemen who have affiliated polit-
ically with the President in this House, on the stump,
through the country, in the South, in theNorth, and
in the West, everywhere, although in very truth they
rested upon the authority of one who ought to bo
credited."
Now, Mr. Speaker, with all due respect for
the gentleman, [ assert here on this floor that
the statement then made by the President was
true, notwithstanding the assertion of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to the contrary. I
do not say this amount of money had been
appropriated to the bureau out of the Treasury,
but J do say that the money and the property
which had at that time gone into the possession
of the bureau from various sources amounted
to something near twelve million dollars, as
stated by the President.
And again, in answer to certain interrogato-
ries put by the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Bldiudoe,] he says: "every ration that has
been given out under the administration of the
bureau has been charged, so far as 1 know,"
Now, sir, if the gentleman had investigated
this subject as carefully as he might have done,
he would have found that not only rations, but
| also immense supplies of medical stores and
;i quartermaster's stores, including transporta-
tj tiou,have been issued under the direction ofthis
l| bureau, which have never been accouuted for
or paid out of the funds of the bureau. ^
Tho fact is, sir, as General Howard himself
admits, that from the organization of thebureau
