i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i m
in by the Government, and are now held by the
tax commissioners under these proceedings and
the act of 1806. Then there is another provis-
ion, to which I have repeatedly referred, which
requires the freedmen to obtain their warrants
before the 1st of May next.
Mr. KERR. 1 desire to make one inquiry
further. ,1 invite the attention of the gentle-
man to the sixth section of the bill, which is as
follows:
That all lands, lots, and houses in the village of
Mitcheliville on Hilton Head Island, South Carolina,
may be sold by the said tax commissioners to freed-
men for entry prices to bo fixed by said commission-
ers.
I desire to inquire whether it is considered a
safe way to dispose of the public lands in this
way at a price to be fixed by the commission-
ers intrusted with the duty of selling these
lands, and whether there should not be some
guards, some securities or limitations cast
around these commissioners to prevent the
perpetration of fraud and collusion between
them and the purchasers?
Mr. PAINE. In view of all the circum-
stances of the. case, the committee were of
opinion that, so far as these lots were con-
cerned, it would be best to leave it to the com-
missioners" to fix the prices for these particular
sales. So far as I am individually concerned
it is a matter of indifference, and I would not
object to a provision which might be suggested
by the gentleman, that they shall be offered at
public sale to the highest bidder, if that were
desired.
Mr. KERR. I move, then, to amend section
six by striking out the words " to be fixed by
said commissioners" and to insert in lieu
thereof the words:
Provided, however, That said lands shall be sold at
public auction to the highest bidder, after sucli ad-
vertisement as the commissioners shall direct.
Mr. PAINE. I will allow that amendment
to be entertained and voted on.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow wo to ask him a question?
Mr. PAINE. Before I move the previous
question I will hear the gentleman's question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me that,
unless there is some pressing necessity for the
passage of this bill now, it would be better to
postpone it until the State of South Carolina
is represented here, as it probably will be be-
fore a great while, that the House may have
more light on the subject than we possess now.
This is a very important bill, and it strikes
me, from a cursory examination of it, we are
leaving a good deal of power to these tax com-
missioners in the disposition of these lands,
and the House apparently has very little knowl-
edge on the subject. It strikes me that it would
be well to postpone the bill, unless there is a
pressing necessity for its passage now, until
such time as the State of South Carolina shall
be represented here.
Mr. PAINE. The bill has been in print for
a long time. I do not suppose that every mem-
ber has examined it, but they have all had an
opportunity to do so.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But the gentleman
knows very well that members generally—I
suppose it is so, and I know it is in my own
case—are not in the habit of examining all
the bills on our files until their attention is
specially called to them.
Mr. PAINE. It will be perfectly useless, I
was about to say, to sell these lauds unless
they are sold early. They ought to have been
sold before this time. We were very anxious
to get this bill before the House earlier than
the present time. It was exceedingly desira-
ble that these sales should be made before the
time for planting commenced, in order to be
most productive to the Government, but we
have never had an opportunity to report the
bill before this day. I think the bill should
pass now if it passes at all. Nobody will bid
for the lands except for the purpose of put-
ting in crops. I can see no object in passing
the bill before next, winter unless we pass it
very promptly. It has been very carefully
Cpnsidered by the committee*
4Qrn Cong. 2d Bess.—No. 113
Mr. OHANLER. I wish to draw the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Wisconsin to one
fact, and I am sure that he will see the reason
for extending the area of advertising. A great
deal of this land is owned by northerners. In
the city of Boston there is a gentleman of the
name of Eustis, a general in the United States
Army, who owns land in this very tract. I
know the fact from a conversation relative to
adverse .claimants with one of the officers of
the War Department. Now, the idea that an
advertisement in the three papers in Charleston
having the largest circulation will protect the
rights of persons residing in the North is
absurd. If you are going to make a fair and
honest sale of these lands advertise them fully.
Mr. PAINE. I will suggest, in answer to
the gentleman, that no possible advertisement
of the sale of these lands could b<> made which
would be more extended or more generally
read than the advertisement made in this bill,
which will show all concerned that by a refer-
ence to the South Carolina papers they will find
all the information they desire. I now move
the previous question.
Mr. CHANI/ER. Why, that is a most ab-
surd reason.
The previous question was seconded.
The question was put on ordering the main
question ; and there were—ayes 38, noes 34 j
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered j and Messrs. Paine and
Kerr were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes G3, noes 33.
So the main question was ordered.
The first question was upon the amendment
of Mr. Kerr to the sixth section, to strike out
the words "to be fixed by said commissioner"
and to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Provided, however, That snid lands shall be sold at
public auction to the highest bidder, after such ad-
vertisement as tho commissioners shall dircct.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time 5 and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. CHANJjER. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 75, nays 34,
not voting 80 j as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Am oil, James M. Ashley,
Bailey, Baldwin, Banks, Beatty, Blaine, Bromwcll,
Churchill, Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Dawes, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Kckley, Rftgleston, Eliot, Fields, Gravely, Haw-
kins, lligby, Hill, Hopkins, Hunter, .lenckea, Judd,
Julian, Kclley, Kelsey, Iietcliam, Koontz, Lallin,
W illiatn Lawrence, Loan, Loughridge, Mallory, May-
nard, McCarthy, McClurg, Miller, Moore, Myers,
Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Pcrham, Peters, Pike,
Plants, Poland, Polsley, Price, llaum, Robertson,
SeoficJd, Selye, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Thad-
deus Stevens, Thomas, Twichell, Upson, Van Aer-
nam, Robert T. Van Horn, Van W.vck, Ward, Cad-
walador C. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wel-
lcer, William Williams, and John T. Wilson—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Barnum, Beaman,
Bcck, Blair, Boycr, Burr, Chanler, Knnisworth, (ietz,
Colladay, Crover, Haight, i tolman, llotc-hkiss, John-
Trump, Wood, and Woodward—3-1.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Dclos
11. Ashley, Axtell,Bakor, Barnes, Benjamin, Benton,
Bingham, Boutwell, Brooks, Broomall, Buekland,
Butler, Cake,Gary, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Coburn, Cornel!, Covode, Dodp-c, Driggs, Ela, Eld-
ridge, Fcrriss, Ferrv, Finncv, Fox, Garfield, Gloss-
brenner, Griswold, Ilalsey, Harding, Hooper, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Chester I). Hubbard, Richard I). Hub-
bard, ilulburd, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Kitchen, Lin-
coln, Logan, Lynch, Marshall, MeCallough, Mercur,
Moorhead, Morrell, Mornssey, Mullins, Newcomb,
Nicholson, Phelps, Pile, Pomeroy, Pruyn. Randall,
Robinson, Sawyer, Schenek, Shanks, Shellabarger,
Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Taffc, Taylor,
John Trimble. Trowbridge, Van Auken, Burt Van
Horn, Eiihu B. Wash bum e, Henry D. Wasnburn,
Thomas Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wil-
son, Windom, and Woodbridge—80,
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. DONNELLY said; My colleague [Mr.
Wisdom] is detained from the House by sick-
ness in his family.
Mrr PAINE4 moved'disconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed j and also moved thai
the motion to reconsider belaid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONTINUATION OF FKEEDHEX'S BUREAU.
Mr. ELIOT. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Freedmen's Affairs to report back
House bill No. 598, to continue the Bureau for
the Relief of Freedmen and Refugees; and for
other purposes, with an amendment ih the
nature of a substitute.
The substitute was read as follows:
Strike out all of the enacting clause, and insertln
lieu tho following:
That the act entitled " An act to establish aBureau
for the Relief of Freedmen and Refugees," approved
March 3,1865, and the act entitled "An act to con-
tinue in force and to amend an act to establish, a
Bureau for the Relief of Freedmen and Refugees,
and for other purposes," passed on the 16th of July,
A. D. I860, shall continue in force for the term of one
year from and after the 16th of July, in tho year 1868,
excepting so far as thesame shall behereinmodified;
and the Secretary of War is hereby directed to rees-
tablish said bureau where the same has been wholly
orin part discontinued: Provided, He shall be satis-
fied that the present safety of tho freedmen shall re-
quire it.
Sec. 2. And be it further cnactcd, That it shall be
the duty of the Secretary of War to discontinue the
operations of the bureau in any State whenever such
State shall be fully restored in its constitutional re-
lations with the Government of the United State?,
and shall be duly represented in the Congress of the
United States, unless, upon advising with theComf*
missioncr of the bureau, and upon full consideration
of the condition of freedmen's affairs in such State,
the Secretary of War shall be of opinion that th6
further continuance of the bureau shall be necessary;
Provided, however, That the educational division of
said bureau shall not bo affected or in any way in-
terfered with until such State shall have made suit-
able provision for the oduoution of the ehiidron of
freedmen within said State.
Sf.c. 3. And be it further enacted. That unexpended
balances in the hands of the Commissioner, not re-
rcquired otherwise for the due execution of tho law,
may be, in the discretion of the Commissioner, ap-
plied for the education of freedmen and refugees,
subject to the provision of laws applicable thereto.
Sec. 4. And ho. it farther enacted. That officers of the
Veteran Rc.«ervccorpsorofthcvoiuntcerservice, now
011 duty in the Freedmen's Bureau as assistant com-
missioners, agents, medical officers, or in other capa-
cities, who have been or may be mustered out of ser-
vice, may be retained by the Commissioner, when
the same shall be required for the proper execution
of the laws, as officers of the bureau, upon such duty
and with tho same pay, compensation, and all allow-
ances from the date of their appointment, as now
provided by law for their respective grades and duties
at the dates of their muster-out and discharge; and
such officers so retained shall have, respectively, the
same authority and jurisdiction as now conferred
upon "officers of the bureau" by act of Congress
passed on the 16th of July, in the year 1866.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and this bill goes over till to-morrow.
UNION X'ACIFIC RAILROAD, EASTERN DIVISION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting, in
compliance with a resolution of the House of
the 4th ultimo, the annual report of the presi-
dent of the Union Pacific railroad, eastern
division, for the year 1807; which was referred
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and
ordered to be printed.
COLLECTION OE CUSTOMS REVENUE.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, asking an
additional appropriation for collecting the
revenue from customs for the cgrrent year;
which was referred to the Committee ou Ap-
propriations.
NEW MEXICO.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a memorial of the
Legislative Assembly of (he Territory of New-
Mexico, for Government aid to the United
States and Mexico Telegraph Company;
which was referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a memorial of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of New
Mexico, for Government aid for a railroad
through said Territory; which was referred to
the C&mmittee on the Territories.
UTAH CONTESTED ELECTION.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a deposition of
