2318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June-3,
cifieally to the grounds of my objection to this
provision hereafter.
Now, in order to a proper understanding and
discussion of this subject, it is entirely germane
to refer to the_ necessity of raising the amount
of revenue which it is proposed to raise by this
bill. It is entirely germane to the question to
refer to th.e condition of our public finances,
of the public debt, the amount of interest on
(hat debt, aud the mode of getting rid of the
debt itself. Mvery question pertaining to the
public finances of the country, or, indeed, to
the currency, may appropriately and properly
be discussed upon this occasion, and upon a
measure of this character.
And permit me to say that I have been sur-
prised at the multitude of propositions made
in both Houses of Congress with reference to
the fiscal affairs of the country. I have been
surprised at the apparently unthoughtful and
crude manner in which almost every man, both
here and elsewhere, has attempted to propose
a remedy for our financial embarrassment. It
seems to me that almost every man has his
own financial policy. Although the question
requires more thought, more practical inform-
ation, indeed more study of the great princi-
Ijles which underlie governmental policy in this
country as well as elsewhere, than any other
question, yet every tyro appears to suppose
he has been able to master it. We have been
inundated with pamphlets; we have all had
various suggestions made to us. Some men
have propased that we should very materially
increase the volume of currency, while others
have contended that we have already a great
deal too much. Some men propose that we
should consolidate the public debt. Others say
no; the debt better remain as it is, and not be
consolidated. And for every part and parcel
of these questions pertaining to the pnblic
finances and currency of the country we have
had continually propositions made of every
kind and character whatsoever.
If there is anything more inauspicious for
the fulure as to ourpublic credit and currency,
it is the haste with which views are adoptedby
leading men, and the many financial schemes
that are constantly thrust upon us. I know
no public questions so difficult to understand,
andupon which intelligentaud experienced men
more widely differ, and certainly there are
none so vitally connected with the welfare of
the nation and the well being of every class
aud every interest of the people. Therefore, a
subject involving such important consequences
should be approached with a gravity and dis-
cussed with a carc and thoughtfulness corre-
sponding with its magnitude. Nor should the
slightest partisan influence be allowed to taint
it. The public finances and the settlement of
the great questions affecting the medium fur-
nished by Government as a currency should be
excluded from such conflicts. The American
people will of course always be divided into
parties, and parties will of course be conducted
by those who have 110 higher thought than suc-
cess, and violence, fraud, and ''all kinds of
uncharitableness," will, as usual, entermoreor
less into the practice of the contestants. Their
struggles produce excitement, and excitement
destroys statemanship; when the former en-
ters the latter disappears.
Now, as this is the only great question unde-
termined which down to the present moment
has been kept_ aloof from party conflicts and
let it so remain—let us agree to keep it out
and away from other political arena—let us
tolerate the largest differences of opinion upon
it and avoid lugging it into either platforms or
the position of candidates for the Presidency
or Congress. Let us look upon it as a hal-
lowed question, not only too sacred to be pros-
tituted, but too high to be approached lightly.
I congratulate the House and the country
that thus far these great interests have not been
made partisan ; that we have thus far permit-
ted one Department of the Government, so to
speak, to remain outside of mere political or
mere party contests ; and I hope it may ever be
so. I neverwauttoseeanyquestiouaff'ectingthe
public debt, the public honor, and the public
credit, brought into the dirty pools of party war-
fare. Woe betide the time that this should
occur in this country!
The pisblic debt, for the first time in the his-
tory of this country, or in the history of any
country, forms the basis upon which rests all
individual property of every kind and charac-
ter. The property of every banking institu-
tion, every incorporation, every railroad eom-
pany, every savings bank, every capitalist, has
its security in the credit of the Government as
the basis upon which to rest; and when you
make that basis an element in partisan warfare,
an issue between great contending parties, you
will undermine the foundations upon which our
social system and the public and private good
altogether will of necessity rely. Here pop-
ular govern ment rests upon the public sentiment
for the time being, whatever that sentiment may
be, surging backward and forward, quicker
and in wider extremes than any other people
in the world; and the resting of our currency,
our public credit, upon that ever-changing
sentiment is what I hope never to witness in
my day. Let us have something exempt from
party influence. Let us have something per-
manent ; not to be determined by public opin-
ion, whether that opinion be right or wrong.
Therefore it is, I say, I have regretted to find
some men—and when I say this I speak of it
in my own party as well as in the Republican
party—I have regretted to find any leading
statesman attempting to make questions of cur-
rency or the redemption of public bonds, ques-
tions to be thrust into the popular arena of
party determination.
Mr. Chairman, I do not propose to submit
any proposition myself. I am very free to say
that although a practical man, and somewhat
acquainted practically and personally with
these great questions, still I have a very great
distrust of my own capacity to meet a question
of such magnitude.
Pitt, in his day, handled the great problem
of the finances of England, and did it success-
fully, by the creation of an entirely radical
measure, which at that Lime was successful;
and in our country we had Hamilton, whose
giant intellect grasped the question of national
finances, and created out of chaos a system
which has been successful in its sphere, so far
as it has been in operation, from that day to
this. Therefore I do not propose on this
occasion to present any views with reference
either to the increase or the decrease of the cur-
rency, or with reference to any proposition
pertaining to the public debt.
It is not my purpose to enter this great field
of financial speculation. I have no intention
of attempting competition with those whose
ingenuity has devised schemes for the amelior-
ation of the financial condition of the Govern-
ment. Although I have bestowed much thought
and many years of practical investigation to
these subjects, I confess my inability to do more
under the general mode of providing a remedy,
than to offer palliatives and temporary expe-
dients to bridge over present and impending
further difficulties. And permit me to add that
this is about all that any one else attempts.
It appears to me that while all admit the exist-
ence of the disease, none attempt a radical
cure. Its diagnosis may be understood with-
out seeing the cure, but does not lie in partial
restoratives or artificial palliatives. We have
a positive debt, part funded and part floating,
but whether funding or floating, it is, never-
theless, a debt, and no changing its character,
and 110 extension of credit can possibly make
it the less a debt. It may be decreased slightly-
by increased taxation, though it is now, under
existing laws, steadily increasing. On the 1st .
of December last it was nearly ten million j
larger than it was a month before ; on the 1st :
of January it was nearly seven million larger |
than in December; and it is likely to be about i
fifteen million larger on the 1st of July, or the !
end of this fiscal year, showing an increase in |i
six months of about thirty-two million dollars, j!
But take the debt at its minimum, and it may ii
be put in round numbers at say $2,500,000,000.
This immense sum stands, then, fixed and
immovable as a mortgage not only 011 the
entire present property of the nation, indi-
vidually and collectively, but on the industry
of generations to come after us. Nor is this
the worst. In addition we have, as part of this
liability, a depreciated paper currency appar-
ently more difficult to get rid of, and more
demoralizing in its effects, than this great debt
itself. These together have naturally created
internal taxation, and as a necessary conse-
quence of this system causes frightful moral
disorders, affecting the integrity of those who
are tempted to seek its evasion and the officials
who are created to execute it. And yet a fur-
ther difficulty ai-ises.
In every direction we hear of stagnant trade,
of commercial and manufacturing paralysis,
and of the growing inability of the people to
meet the necessary accruing wants of the Gov-
ernment; a deranged currency, a dearth of
production, a suspension of the industrial ener-
gies, and increase of the public debt requiring
increased taxation. Asa people weare finan-
cially embarrassed, and as a nation groaning
under a debt which we can neither avoid nor
liquidate.
And how do statesmen propose to remedy
these difficulties. What is the substance of
the several recommendations made by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury and the other financiers
of the times? However differing in form, and
however meritorious in their design, they all
prescribe the same cures, which are simply
comprised in the two methods of taxation or
borrowing. The ingenuity and learning of
these doctors are directed to these considera-
tions and none other. They do not appear to
think or to know that this vast country affords
any other resources to keep the Government
credit good ; and to devise ingenious schemes
by which increased revenues from taxation can
be procured comprehend the whole scope of
their financial genius. In my opinion they
fall very far short of a just appreciation of the
subject. In their expansion efforts they have
lost sight of the first and most simple duty
of finances. While looking about for succor
they have overlooked that which is nearer at
hand at home. In devising ingenious schemes
for changing the character of the public debt,
and in making the bitter pill of taxation less
odious and oppressive, they have shut their eyes
to another mode of relief which requ ires neither
borrowing nor taxation ; and that is in the prac-
tical and immediate conversion of resources
belonging to the Government into the public
funds for public uses. Aside from the vast
property purchased at enormous prices during
the war, which at this time is not required, and
therefore can be sold, there are other sources
from which a thousand times greater revenue
can be derived, which are open to immediate
acquisition. I refer to the boundless supply
of the precious metals, now lying in that
region on the Pacific which we purchased of
Mexico in 1847. It is indisputably ours. We
bought and paid for it. Wo acquired it by pur-
chase and conquest. It is as much the property
of the nation as the ground upon which this
Capitol stands.
What would be said of a merchant who,
largely in debt, would persist in sustaining his
credit by borrowing, and in forcing contribu-
tions from his friends, though at the time hav-
ing in his own right large resources he made
no effort to make them available ? Suppose lie
had 011 deposit in bank or locked up iu his
safe secuiities or other papers which, by a little
effort, could be convened into money and be
used in liquidation of his liabilities f Would
not everybody expect him to do so? Would
not he be deemed an idiot if he failed to do so.
and would lie not sooner or later become bank-
rupt if he did not? And this is the position ot'
this Government. We are overwhelmed with
debt and the people heavily burdened with taxes,
and yet no attempt is made to avail ourselves
of the immense mineral resources of incalcu-
lable wealth which belong to us, and which can,
