3842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
The Qommittee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twelfth amendment, (first clause :)
Insert after line ono hundred and eighty-live, the
following:
For a first order light-house at Point Ano Nuevo,
California, or vicinity, $90,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twelfth amendment, (second clause :)
Insert after line one hundred and eighty-seven the
following:
For a new light-house on Half-way Rook, on the
coast of Maine, $50,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to state that Half-
way Rock is one of the most important points
on the coast of Maine for a light-house. The
erection of a light-house there has been recom-
mended by the Light-House Board. I hope,
therefore, that the amendment will be con-
curred in.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
that the amendment will not be concurred in.
This is one of several similar items in refer-
ence to which the Committee on Appropria-
tions had not before them the facts upon which
the Senate committee acted ; and it wasdeemed
desirab'e they should go to a committee of
conference.
Mr. LYNCH. I will ask the acting chairman
of the committee [Mr. YVashbcrne, ot' Illinois,]
whether the committee had not before them a
letter from the chairman of the Light-House
Board in reference to this matter?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir;
none that [ saw.
Mr. LYNCH. This appropriation is rec-
ommended by the Light-House Board.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
Insert after line one liuudied and ninety-two tho
fol lowing:
For two buoy and light-house tenders for service
on the Atlantic and Guif coasts, $80,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
Strike out in line one hundred and ninety-seven
tho word " four" and insert in lieu thereof tlie word
"one;" so as to make the paragraph read as fol-
lows:
For enabling the Light-House Board to experi-
ment with new illuminating apparatus and fog-sig-
nals, in addition to former appropriations. $1,1)00.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
Insert after line two hundred and three the fol-
lowing:
For a life-boat and station at the south end of
Narragansctt beach, lthode Island, §2,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment:
In line two hundred and twenty-two, strike out
"fifteen" and insert in lieu thereof "one hundred
and fifty;" so that tho clause will read as follows:
For repairs and out-fits, $150,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
Strike out, in lines two hundred and twenty-eight
to two hundred and thirty-three, the following:
The six steam revenue-cutters stationed upon the
northern and northwestern lakes and their tributaries
shall be laid up, and that no more of the money
appropriated by this act shall be paid on their ac-
count ttian so much as may be necessary for their
sale and proper care and keeping, and that.
Mr. SPALDlNG. Mr. Speaker, I move
concurrence with this amendment of the Sen-
ate, and I do so for this reason : a subsequent
amendment by the Senate proposes to leave
this whole subject to the discretion of the
Secretary of the Treasury, so that he may with-
draw any of the revenue-cutters on the lakes
or on the sea-coast that are not indispensable
to the public service. I think this is the
form in which this matter should be left, as it
will be by concurring in this amendment and
the next. I therefore move concurrence in
this amendment; and I shall also move con-
currence ill the next amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. I hope tho
House will not concur in the amendment, but
will non-concur, and let it go to the committee.
There was a strong expression of the House
against keeping up these revenue-cutters upon
the lakes.
Mr. SPALDING. It is left to the Secretary
of the Treasury.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
propose to abdicate my judgment to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury or anybody else.
Mr. SPALDING. I do not suppose the
House is going to leave everything to the com-
mittee, certainly not to the minority of the
committee.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
7, noes 56; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Si'aldixg, and Mr. Butler of
Massachusetts.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 44, noes 50.
The Speaker voted in the affirmative to make
a quorum.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment:
Insert the words "The six steam revenue-cutters
stationed upon the noi them and notfliwestern lakes
and their tributaries, and;" so it will then read as
lollows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury bo authorized
and directed to lay up and withdraw from commission
tho six steam revenue cutters stationed upon the
northern and northwestern lakes and their tributa-
ries, and eveiy levenue cutter off (he Atlantic coast,
bays, gulfs, &e., not actually required and needed
for constant service.
Tho Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Nineteenth amendment:
Strike out the words "and so forth" in the preced-
ing paragraph.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twentieth amendment:
Striko out "fifty" and insert "one hundred;" so
the paragraph will read:
For the construction of a custom-house at Portland,
Maine, $100,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
Mr. LYNCII. I hope, Mr. Speaker, this
amendment of tho Senate will be concurred in,
and for this reason : fifty thousand dollars will
leave the building in the fall one half up, while
with $100,000 the building will be put under
roof and the workmen will be enabled to work
during the winter, thus saving the Government
a large expense. It will also save the rent of
a year. The buildings rented bv the Govern-
ment for the accommodation of tho custom-
house are inadequate, and the Government is
atgreat expense for rent, because the city hav-
ing been nearly burned up it is difficult to get
buildings fitted for the purpose. If this appro-
priation of $100,000, as recommended by tho
Senate, is made, the building can be put under
roof this fall and a year's time gained. I hope,
therefore, as a matter of public economy, the
appropriation will be made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Com-
mittee 011 Appropriations recommend non-
concurrence in several items. They had better
go to the committee on conference to be
arranged there. I think we had better non-
concur in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-first amendment:
Insert:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to enlarge
the lot in the city of Nashville for the erection of a
custom-house, $25,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred ia>
Twenty-second amendment:
Strike out "twenty-five," and insert "fifty;" so the
paregr .ph will re<d: , , ,
For the construction of a builnin?, to be used as
custom-house and post oilicc, at St. Paul, Minnesota,
$50,000..
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-third amendment:
Strike out "twenty-five," and insert "seventy-
five;'' so it will read :
For the construction of appraisers stores at Phila-
delphia, $75,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
Mr. O'NEILL. Mr. Speaker, I hope the
House will vote down the motion to non-con-
cur. The House will recollect that some
months ago this appropriation came before us.
The Committee on Appropriations then re-
ported $25,000. I endeavored to add $50,000
to that amount, but was voted down, although
I had been sustained while in Committee of the
•Whole. I do not wish to intrude again on the
House on this question, and my remarks will
not be long. In my opinion the Senate has
taken the proper course relative to this build-
ing, iu appropriating asuffieient sum to almost
complete it. It will need an appropriation of
only §18,000 more at a future session if we
adopt the Senate amendment, and it will ihen
he finished ready for use. This is a building
demanded hy the necessities of trade. It is to
be a large brick structure, not an ornamental
one, but a very plain one for business ; and I
hope the House will concur in the amendment
of the Senate, notwithstanding the recommend-
ation of the Committee on Appropriations to
the contrary. Itis betterthat the Government
shouldlinish it, especially as we have now come
within $18,000 of the entire amount necessary,
should this appropriation be made.
The acting chairman of the committee [Mr.
Washbuiink, of Illinois] asked on a former
occasion how these appropriations ever com-
menced to be made. Not having had then an
opportunity to answer him, I will do so now.
They commenced by his own action, in part,
by an appropriation of $20,000, recommended
first, by the Committee on Commerce, of which
he was chairman, which was subsequently
recommended by the Committee on Appropria-
tions. This amount was intended to be used
in removing the old Pennsylvania bank build-
ing, then npon the lot. Fifty thousand dollars
were added in another bill to go on with the
work. A few days ago the House made a further
appropriation of $25,000 in the deficiency
bill, and now the Senate proposes, for the cur-
rent fiscal jear, $75,000. If that sum is appro-
priated, when we come here next winter we
shall have a fine building almost, completed. I
learn from the superintendent in Philadelphia,
and from the supervising architect of the Treas-
ury here, that unless this appropriation is
made the work already done will be greatly
injured and the Government will incur great
expense in consequence of its interruption.
The contracts for brick and iron and other
articles to be used in its constructiun have
already been made. Therefore I insist that
it is economy to appropriate sufficient money
to finish the building, which can be done in the
course of the summer and fall, i hope the
acting chairman of the committee will let the
amendment be concurred in.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In reply
to the speech of my friend I will say that I
supposed he was entirely satisfied with the
i liberal appropriation he received from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and 1 am surprised
that he should come in here now after having
got $25,000 in the deficiency bill, and attempt
to get this $75,000 in the civil appropriation
bill. I ask the House to look at this maTtera
moment. When we appropriated a consider-
able sum of money in the first instance, we
thought it was all that was necessary for. that
building. Now we have appropriated $25,000
in the deficiency bill and $26,000 in the civil
appropriation bill, which the Senate has in-
