1794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
George B. Smith in the contested-election
case of William H. McGrorty vs. William H.
Hooper ; which was referred to the Committee
of Elections.
INTERNAL TAX ON MANUFACTURES.
Mr. SCHENCK. In pursuance of the per-
mission granted yesterday, I report back from
tlie Committee of Ways and Means a bill (H.
It. No. 900) to exempt certain manufactures
from internal tax, with amendments.
The bill, which was read, provides in the
firstsection that sections ninety-four and nine-
ty-five of the act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for other
purposes," approved June 30, 1864, and all
acts and parts of acts amendatory thereof, be
repealed, except only so much of the said sec-
tions and amendments thereto as relates to the
taxes imposed thereby on gas made of coal
wholly or in part, or of any other material ;
on illuminating, lubricating, or other mineral
oils or articles the products of the distillation,
redistillation, or refilling of crude petroleum,
or of a single distillation of coal, shale, peat,
asphaltum, or other bituminous substances;
011 wines therein described, and on snuff and
all the other manufactures of tobacco, includ-
ing cigarcttes, cigars, and cheroots.
The second sectiou provides that nothing in
this act contained shall be construed to repeal
or interfere with any law, regulation, or pro-
vision for the assessment or collection of any
tax which, under existing laws, may have been
assessed, or which may accrue or be assessed
hereafter, and before the 1st day of May, 18G8.
The third section provides that this act shall
take effect and be in force from and after the
1st day of Slay, 18G8.
The amendments reported by the committee
were read, as follows;
First amendment:
Strike out in the second section all after thophrase
"existing laws," and insert in lieu thereof the words
"may accrue before the 1st day of April, A. 1). 1808."
Second amendment:
Strike out all of section three.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I propose
to submit a brief explanation to the House of
the character of this bill and the objects it will
accomplish; and this explanation will be clear,
probably, just in proportion as gentlemen will
let me make it without any interruption. The
Committee of Ways and Means have been en-
gaged, as I have already explained to the House
in answer to the inquiries of those who were
interested in the subject, in the revision of the
internal tax laws with a view of presenting to
this House one complete law covering the
whole subject; and they have intended not to
present a special bill repealing the tax on
manufactures—which is ordinarily known as
the five per cent, tax, and which is imposed on
pretty much all the manufactures of the coun-
try—for the reason that a repeal of that kind
would seem to some extent to alter the gen-
eral plan they had kept in view. Their object
was to provide in one bill that the tax should
be continued on some half dozen staple articles
deemed articles of luxury and all the others
left out of the bill, and thus by not being no-
ticed at all^ft free from taxation.
It has been from time to time urged upon
the House by members in this House and from
outside interests as a thing exceedingly desir-
able that as the committee had determined to
relieve manufactures from this burden, it should
be done without awaiting general action on the
bill covering the whole ground. Such a sugges-
tion was made the other day by my friend from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Myers,] to whom I then
answered that the committee had not deter-
mined to take any such course. We have con-
cluded, however, to present tliis subject spe-
cially to the House; and I will explain how it
is we do present it.
In that part of the general bill looking to this
subject relating to the five per cent, tax on man-
ufactures we had determined to retain about
six articles, such as the manufacture of billiard
tables, of fancy candies, &e. They would
amount, measuring the tax obtained from
them by the standard of receipts of 1867. the
last complete year, to about a million and a
half dollars. After further consideration, un-
der these influences 1 have spoken of, the com-
mittee have at length come to the conclusion
that it is hardly worth while to keep up the ma-
chinery of law necessary for the collection of
the tax on manufactures for the sake of these
half dozen articles, but that it will be better
to wipe out the five per cent, tax on all man-
ufactures, and, so far as these articles of luxury
are concerned, put some higher special tax
upon the manufacture of them and upon their
sale, while relieving them of the greater bur-
den of five per cent. tax.
This bill is reported with that view ; and
what this bill is I can briefly explain, so I think
the House will clearly understand it. It provides
for the repeal of sections ninety-four and ninety-
five of the act of 1864, with all the amendments
which have since been made thereto. Those
amendments are not specifically stated, but, if
any gentleman is curious on the subject, by
looking to the legislation of 1865 and 1866
he will find long bills adopted striking out
" whereas" in one place and putting in " nev-
ertheless" in its stead, striking out " six" and
putting in "two," striking out part of one line
and putting in something to supply its place,
striking out something without putting any thing
in its stead. The uninitiated could scarcely
comprehend what those sections, or, indeed, any
sections, of the law of 1864 are except by the
aid of the compilation which was made at the
Treasury Department. Referring in that com-
pilation to sections ninety-four and ninety-five,
as originally enacted in 1864 and subsequently
amended, it will be found they are the sections
which provide for the five per cent, tax on the
manufactures of the country. Wo propose to
repeal those two sections, excepting only as
to four different articles. For the collection
of tax on the articles not included in the pro-
posed repeal we will also provide by special
enactment in the general bill hereafter to be
reported. Excepting the four subjects of tax-
ation thus expressly reserved, and excepting
two or three other things separately provided
for in the present law, there are but two man-
ufactured products which we tax. They are
not mentioned in this bill because they are not
included in sections ninety-four and ninety-
five, but are provided for in other parts of the
existing law. Those are distilled spirits and
fermented liquors, and I suppose no one wishes
to have no tax imposed upon them.
Of the manufactures of the country, then,
besides a few stamped articles, there will re-
main to be taxed only distilled spirits, fer-
mented liquors, and the four things in sections
ninety-four and ninety-five reserved from re-
peal by this bill; which are gas, the distilled
products of mineral oil, certain wines mixed
or adulterated with spirits, (on which a low
tax has been and probably will continue to be
placed,) and all the various manufactures of
tobacco, including cigars and cigarettes. And
it is the opinion of the committee that we may
relieve all the othJer manufactures of the coun-
try from the present burden of a five per cent,
tax and yet obtain from these and other sources
what is necessary for running the Government
by furnishing the proper amount of revenue.
The House may be curious to know how
much tax we have derived from this five per
cent, charge upon the manufactures of the
country. Taking the full returns of the lust
year. 1807, it will be found that the entire
receipts from taxation of manufactures were
$146,223,673 CO. As I have explained, how-
ever, we do not propose to take off the tax on
all articles which contributed to make up that
aggregate amount. We leave the tax on oils !
distilled from coal and petroleum, oil fer-
mented liquors, on distilled spirits of all kinds,
on tobacco, snuff, and cigars, and on illuminat-
ing gas. The tax collected in 1867 on those i
five important, articles amounted in the aggre- !
gate to $61,429,019 03. Deducting this from !
$146,223,673 69, leaves $84,794,664 63 as the 1
aggregate amount of relief from taxation of
manufactures. But while we relieve these
manufactures from a tax of near $85,000,000,
we do not diminish to so great an extent frhe
revenues of the country, because, while giv-
ing this relief, we propose to make a saving to
the Government by an increase of certain
special taxes on different articles of manufac-
ture, including those referred to and others.
We propose, also, to impose the small amount
of one twentieth of one per cent, upon sates
by manufacturers when amounting to over a
given sum, say $5,000. We thus make about
twenty million dollars addition to the revenue,
so that the actual reduction of the revenue by
this act will be only a little over $60,000,000,
while the relief to manufactures will amount
to about eighty-five million dollars.
Gentlemen have been a little concerned to
know something about the going into effect of
this law. As I presented the bill yesterday,
although perfectly clear to those familiar with
the working of the law, it was perhaps a little
obscure to some members, because it was pro-
vided in the second section that the repeal
should " not interfere with any 1'aw, regulation,
or provision for the assessment or collection of
any tax which, under existing laws, may have
been assessed, or which may accrue or be as-
sessed hereafter, and before the 1st day of May,
A. D. 1868." Gentlemen thought that that
would not relieve for the month of April. They
were mistaken. The tax, for instance, accruing
on the 1st of April, is a tax for the mouth of
March. No returns are made of it till the 10th
of April, which is the limit allowed. Then the
assessment takes place and the collection is
made. Therefore this bill taking effect on the
1st day of May would cut off any imposition of
tax on these manufactures for the previous
month, because the time not having arrived
when the tax would be assessable before the
law was in force, the tax for the month of
April would not bo included. It only leaves,
therefore, the tax for March to be assessed and
collected.
But, to make that perfectly clear, the com-
mittee have instructed me to so alter the bill
as to provide that the repeal " shall not inter-
fere with any law, regulation, or provision for
the assessment or collection of any tax which,
under existing laws, may accrue before the 1st
day of April, A. I). 1868."
Thus, if this bill becomes a law, the tax will
continue for the present month of March, but
there will be no tax collected after the 1st day
of April next. Although the bill as reported
yesterday provided for the same thing, yet it
was done in such way as eould not be well
understood without looking to the working of
the law. Many gentlemen do not bear in mind
that the assessment made in any month is the
assessment for the preceding month, and that
such assessment does not take effect until the
10th of the month. So a law going into effect
on the 1st of May will cut off all assessments
for April.
Upon reflection we thought that the third
section, providing when the law should go into
effect, was unnecessary, and wc have left it,
therefore, to take effect from the time of its
passage.
With this explanation I trust the nouse
fully understands the reasons which have led
to the reporting of this bill and at the same
time what will be the effect of the bill. I re-
peat briefly that it takes entirely off from all
manufactured articles the tax which is com-
monly known as the five per cent, tax: and
it leaves to be taxed as manufactures nothing
but a few stamped articles, distilled spirits,
fermented liquors, oil, gas, certain kinds of
wine, and tobacco in all its manufactures, in-
cluding cigars ; and the bill is to take effect in
such a way as that all the manufactures relieved
shall be released from tax after this present
month, the tax for March to be paid under the
existing law, aud no tax to accrue after the
1st of April.
Now, I am exceedingly anxious that this
bill shall be acted upon at once by the House.
