294
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 20,
Ho. of Reps.
Pacific Railroad Freight Tariff—Mr. Washburn.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
down to the 1st of July, 1866, none of the com-
missary, medical, or quartern; aster's stores, in-
cluding transportation, issued under the direc-
tion of the bureati, were ever charged to or
accounted for out of the funds of the bureau.
I do not, however, charge the gentleman
, with any intentional misrepresentation of the
facts, and shall not, therefore, indulge in any
unbecoming remarks such as were employed
by that gentleman in reference to what he sup-
posed to be an incorrect statement of the Presi-
dent, but shall content myself with supposing
that it was only a mistake on his part, which can
be accounted for in a more charitable way than
by charging an intention to mislead the House.
The gentleman from Massachusetts told the
House, in the course of his remarks, that the
whole amount of money appropriated to this
bureau out of the Treasury, from its origin
down to this time, was $10,780,750, which is
very nearly correct, the true amount being
$10,820,750. But, sir, in order to determine
the cost of this bureau we must not look merely
to the appropriations of money from the Treas-
ury ; for to these must be added the large sums
of money and the immense amount of property,
which, from various sources, have found their
way into this vortex of abominations, beneath
whose depths have been buried so much of the
treasures and so large a share of the liberties
of the people of this country.
I have endeavored to ascertain from the re-
ports of the Commissioner the cost of maintain-
ing this bureau, the result of which I shall state
in a moment. In the first place, I may remark
that the accounts of the bureau have been kept
in such a manner that it is very difficult to de-
termine from them the cost connected with its
operations. 1 have, however, made an esti-
mate, which, I think, approximates the true
amount. It is as follows:
Total money received from all sources...$13,434,771 82
Deduct amount held as re-
tained bounties $115,236 49
Deduct pay, bounty, and
prize money collected l'or
freedmen  8S2.596 06
Voluntary contributions  1,000 00
  99S.832 55
Leaves public funds chargeable to bu-
reau  812,435,930 27
To this must be added the pay of officers of
the Army on duty in the bureau and not paid
out of its funds, estimated at $1,500,000. Also,
the money value of commissary, medical, and
quartermaster's stores, including transporta-
tion furnished prior to July 1, 18G6, and never
paid for out of the funds of the bureau,
$2,541,130 64, making an aggregate of $16,-
477,069 91. _
And to this, perhaps, ought to be added the
immense amount required to feed, clothe, and
pay the army which is sent along with the
officers and agents of this bureau to assist in
its operations ; for this I regard as an expend-
iture legitimately chargeable to the bureau;
which, if added, might run the expenditures of
this bureau up to 4550,000,000, and, perhaps,
to $100,000,000.
How long, sir, will a tax-burdened people
consent that their hard earnings shall be thus
taken and appropriated to the support of a
bureau by which the negroes of this country
are to be fed, clothed, educated, doctored, and
transported to wherever they may choose to go.
If this Government feels able thus to care
for any class of its people, I ask, in God's
name, that the wives and children of those who
have died in defense of their country may first
be provided for. Let this Government, which
their fathers and husbands died to defend, first
provide for the support and education of this
class of persons before it undertakes thus to
support in idleness these roving vagrants called
freed men.
Mr. KELLEY rose.
Mr. ADAMS. I have already given notice
that I decline to be interrupted.
Sir, the soldiers of this country have been
appealing from time to time to Congress to
grant them a bounty of $100 for each twelve
months of honorable scrviee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's hour has
expired.
Mr. ADAMS. As the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts had his time extended, and as I am
hardly through with my remarks, I ask the
indulgence of the House for a few minutes
longer.
The SPEAKER. It is not usual to extend
the morning hour, but it was extended on this
same bill for the gentleman from Massachusetts.
How much time does the gentleman want?
Mr. ADAMS. About fifteen minutes.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. ADAMS. I was about remarking, sir,
that Congress has persistently refused to give
to the soldier a bounty of $100 for each year
of honorable service, for the reason that the
Government, under its present financial embar-
rassments, could not afford to do so.
Now, sir, I say if the Government can afford
to establish and continue a bui'eau for the sup-
port and education of negroes, who have no
claims upon the gratitude of the country, then
it can and ought to give to the soldier these
bounties which he has so dearly earned upon
the battle-field, and which he so richly deserves
at the hands of the Government which he fought
to defend.
Mr. Speaker, this bureau has now been in
operation for three years, and is now proposed
to be continued one year longer, and at the
end of that time we will doubtless be asked
still further to prolong its existence. While we
continue to feed and clothe these negroes they
will remain a destitute and dependent people.
If the letters which the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts read to the House from officers and
agents in different sections, urging the continu-
ation of the bureau, are to be relied upon, the
negroes are still as helpless and dependent as
•they were at the close of the war, and it is upon
the ground of their ignorance and dependence
that the continuation of the bureau is urged.
Sir, when the reconstruction measures, as they
are called, were passed the freodmcn were not
certainly regarded or treated as an ignorant
and dependent people. They had, by these
enactments, the whole civil and political con-
trol of ten States of this Union intrusted to
their care. They were then considered not an
ignorant, benighted, and dependent people, hut,
by solemn enactment, were declared to be suffi-
ciently enlightened and intelligent to make
constitutions, enact laws, and establish gov-
ernments; not only able to take care of them-
selves, but to take care of the white people also.
Mr. Speaker, among the letters presented Dy
thegentlemanfrom Massachusetts to the House,
urging reasons for the continuation of the
bureau, is one from a certain Hiram Willis,
who seems to be an agent of the bureau in the
State of Arkansas. 1 beg to read to the House
one of the reasons urged by this gentleman for
the continuation of this bureau. He says:
"3. The bureau should be continued one year
longer to act as a sort of moderator between white
and black during the exeitmgeontestnow impending
over the whole country. It can thus assist wonder-
fully in reconstructing the South on a loyal basis.
To continue the bureau one year more than is pro-
vided will cover most all the exciting political issues
about to be made in the ejection tor President, and
this is of no little importance to the whole country."
Thus, sir, one of the reasons assigned for con-
tinuing the bureau by this correspondent, and
which thegentlemanfrom Massachusetts adopts
as his own by incorporating it into his speech
in support of the bill, is the political influence
it is to wield in the coming presidential elec-
tion, which he announces is of the utmost im-
portance.
And the gentleman from Massachusetts
classes his speech in support of the bill to con-
tinue this bureau with the following significant
declaration:
"We propose to attack; to attack here, in the
House, at home, upon the stump, by speech and by
voice, by vote, and by pre.ss everywhere, to attack
this slave power, beaten in ihe field, but hopeful yet,
by cunning counsel and political stratagem to undo
the work our armies have accomplished."
Now, Mr. Speaker, if the object of this bill
be protection to the freedmen I cannot seethe
necessity or propriety of its passage, the rights
of the freedmen being abundantly protected by
other laws, as I have already endeavored to
show. But, sir, if the object be to organize an
army of office-holders, and by the patronage and
intimidations of this bureau to control the
political destinies of this country, then I admit
that the bill under consideration is eminently
adapted to the accomplishment of that end.
Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts intends to organize this bureau into an
engine of political warfare, and intends thus
to attack the Democratic party, which he is
pleased to call the slave-power, I say to him
that when he does it he attacks the Constitu-
tion of the United States, which he is sworn to
support and uphold. When he does it he at-
tacks the rights and liberties of the people
which he is sent here to protect and defend.
When he does it, sir, he does what he and his
whole party declared in 1800 to be among the
gravest of crimes.
Pacific KaiJroail Freight Tariff.
SPEECH OF HON. C. C. WASHBURN,
OF WISCONSIN,
In tiie IIobse op Representatives,
March 20, 18G8.
The House having under consideration the joint
resolution (II. R. No. 163.) to regulate tariff for freight
and passengers on the Union and Pacific railroads
and their branches—
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, said :
Mr. Speakek: I ask that the consideration
of the joint resolution now on the Speaker's
table providing for a board of commissioners
to fix a tariff for freight and passengers over
the Union Pacific and Central Pacific railroads
and their branches, be considered now ; and I
desire to offer some reasons why it should be
passed.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read.
The Clerk read the joint resolution. It
proposes to constitute the Secretary of War,
the Secictaiy of the Interior, and the Attorney
General of the United States a board of com-
missioners, whose duty it shall be on the 1st
day of July in each year to establish a tariff
for freight and passengers over the Union
Pacific and Central Pacific railroads and their
branches, which tariff shall be equitable and
just and not exceeding double the average
rates charged on the different lines of railroad
between the Mississippi river and the Atlantic
ocean in latitudes north of St. Louis, Missouri,
and that it shall not be lawful for said railroad
companies to charge any sum iu excess of the
rates so fixed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Mr.
Speaker, at a very early day in the session I
introduced a bill and had it referred to the Pa-
cific Railroad Committee providing for a com-
mission, consisting of the Secretary of War,
Secretary of the Interior, and Attornev Gen-
eral, whose duty it should be on the 1st of July
in each year to revise the tariff of rates for
transportation over the Pacific railroads. Wait-
ing for a long time for some action from that
committee, and becoming satisfied that there
would be great delay and perhaps the bill would
"sleep the sleep that knows no waking.*' I
endeavored to arrive at the same result by the
means of a joint resolution. But, sir, the
House refused to second the previousquestion,
and this resolution, which was introduced by
my friend from Minnesota [Mr. Wisdom] at
my request, as he at the time had the floor,
went upon the Calendar, and when it came op
in regular order for consideration, the other
