1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
whisky and tobacco—has been a failure, and the j
enormous burden of taxation which we have
borne has fallen 011 those business interests
which were ill prepared to -bear it and on the
necessaries of life.
Mr. CORBET f. I should like to ask the
Senator whether the business interests of the
country were ever more prosperous than they
were during the war, and whether that was not
the time when the heaviest taxes were levied.
Of course we could better afford to pay taxes
■when our business was prosperous, when wc
were all making money, than we can now. I
admit it, and now is the time to curtail the
taxes.
Mr. STEWART. That is what I say ; now
is the time'to curtail the taxes, and we should
have commenced immediately after the war
and raised 110 more money by taxation than
was necessary to pay the expenses of the Gov-
ernment and maintain our credit until busi-
ness could have been settled down and our
people have got a fair start again. That is
what everybody says we ought to have done
and what everybody says we ought to now.
Every business man, every one willing to pay
the debt, says we ought until business revives
relieve the people from taxation as far as pos-
sible, make it as light as it is in our power to
do, and when business gets fairly started again
then provide for a small sinking fund and com-
mence paying off the debt. That is wise policy.
What 1 complain of is, that when business
affairs were distracted these enormous esti-
mates were submitted to us and so large an
amount of revenue was collected off the peo-
ple, so that, notwithstanding we have been
cheated out of the whisky and tobacco taxes,
we have been paying off our national debt at
the rate of $'200,000,000 per annum. It is no
wonder that we see tight times when this has
been done; and at the same time we have
gone ou contracting the currency which in-
creased the stringency of the money market.
We might have very well contracted the cur-
rency if we had not levied these heavy taxes;
but the two together have produced a finan-
cial prostration that ought to have been fore-
seen.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, I desire
to disclaim any censure of the Secretary of the
Treasury in relation to this subject. For my-
self I can see no reason to condemn him. At
any rate I do not propose either to pass cen-
sure or commendation, but I do desire that my
word shall be made good in relation to the
amount of currency that has been contracted
in fact.
The withdrawal of compound-interest notes
contracted the currency to that amount, as the
withdrawal of the compound-interest notes from
the banks required the introduction of a simi-
lar amount of legal tenders to make that amount
good. It was in effect, therefore, a withdrawal
of the currency to that amount. "Besides
$4,000,000 a month that were authorized by
law to be contracted of legal tenders, from
November to December, 1807, the amount of
$2,000,000 of compound-interest notes was
retired. From October 1 to November 1 we
find by the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury nearly fifteen million dollars were
retired; and from September 1, 1867, until
October 1, 1867, $5,000,000 were contracted;
and from August 1, 1807, until September 1,
1867, we find $23,000,000 were contracted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask
the Senator from Rhode Island a question. I
want to ask him whether be imputes that to
the action of the Secretary of the Treasury?
Mr. SPRAGUE. To the law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Secretary was
bound to da it by law.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He had to redeem this
paper and he had no authority to put it out
again.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I disclaim any censure on
the Secretary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wanted it understood
that he was only obeying the law.
Mr. SHERMAN. The fact turns out pre-
cisely as I supposed. The compound-interest
notes became duo. It was not the fault of the
law or anybody else. They became dueandthe
Government had to pay them as a matter of
course. On payment they were retained nnd
canceled and they could not be reissued. The
Secretary complied simply with the law; hence
he thought it right to reduce the currency
$4,000,000 a month and did it; he paid the
compound-interest notes as they matured; that
he was compelled to do it because the notes
matured and he had to pay them.
There has been a great deal of complaint
made in regard to the exercise of this discre-
tionary power. I have never said a word on
the subject and have 110 complaint to make. I
have no doubt the Secretary acted according
to his understanding of the good of the coun-
try, but he may have made mistakes. I believe
when he contracted the currency one or two
months last fall ho made a mistake; that he
contracted at a time when the business of the
country demanded rather more than less cur-
rency; but I have never found fault with him
simply because he exercised a power conferred
on him by law. and I have no doubt exercised
it honestly. But at the same time it is not a
power that I think ought to be continued.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like the chairman
of the Committee on Finance to inform the
Senate what is the number of compound-inter-
est notes now outstanding and when they are
redeemable.
Mr. SHERMAN. On that very point I
desire to make a statement in reply to the
Senator from Maine. The Senator from Maine
properly says that we cannot resume specie
payments, a thing that must come sometime,
without some distress. He agrees that the
process must be gradual, that anything like a
sudden shock would be injurious, and lie him-
self opposes it. Now, let ine submit to the
Senator that there will mature within the next
six months $40,244,780 of compound-interest
notes which are now a part of the currency,
held by the banks as a portion of their reserve,
j When they are paid off, as they must be during
the spring and summer, that is so much con-
traction, just as if you destroyed $4G,000,000
of United States notes. It is not possible
that the good of the country and the safety of
the business of the country can allow a greater
contraction of the currency than this. And
i there is no way to meet these $40,000,000 but
by paying them off and canceling tliem, except
by using the balance of the three per cent,
certificates, which is about twenty-six million
dollars; so that there will be at all events a
contraction of more than twenty million dol-
lars before the 1st of August. It seems to me
that any authority in the Secretary of the
Treasury to contract at a greater rate than
that would be utterly futile; he could not
exercise it; it had better be withdrawn.
To this the Senator from Maine replies
forcibly : " The Secretary says he will not ex-
ercise the power; it is demonstrated that he
cannot exercise it; then why take it away
from him?" The answer is that this question
of currency ought not to depend on the dis-
cretion of any one man, and if the public inter-
est shows that he ought not to contaict the
currency the law ought not to allow him to
have the power to contract the currency. Al-
though I believe Mr. McCulloch will exercise
that power honestly, yet as 1 am satisfied that
he should not exercise it now and for some
considerable time. I think it is wise for us to
take from him an authority which, if exercised
at all under present circumstances, will be
abused. I have no want of confidence in the
Secretary; I have never yet in my official or
personal intercourse with him seen any dispo-
sition to violate law or do what he did not
conceive to be right. At the same time I say
that a discretionary power of this kind con-
ferred on him, which cannot be exercised
without injury to the public, ought not to be
continued on the statute-book.
When the compound-interest notes are paid
and our circulation is reduced to $650,000,000
of legal tenders—I include in this the United
States notes and the national bank notes—the
currency of this country will be reduced very
nearly to the standard of what it was before
the war. At any rate, when the compound-
interest notes are paid off the entire currency
of the country will be reduced to $550,000,000,
as I have already shown, deducting the.bank
reserve from the aggregate. Before the war
the circulation was estimated at $200,000,000
of bank notes outstanding and $200,000,000 of
gold, making $400,000,000. I say, then, that
when the compound-interest notes are paid off
our currency will be reduced to very nearly
the standard of what it was before the war.
The question is, how shall we approach
specie payment? I say not by contraction any
further, because you cannot approach specie
payments by contraction except through a dis-
tress and a destruction of all the business inter*
ests of the country that our people will not
tolerate and will not submit to. You cannot
approach specie payments by contraction alone,
though you must contract somewhat. When-
ever money is'easy it is right enough to con-
tract, but when money is tight the contraction
must cease.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And more be put out
immediately?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sometimes more
ought to be paid out. I will adopt the sugges-
tion of the Senator: at times there ought to be
an increase of the currency. So it is in Eng-
.land. When times became very tight the
Bank of England is authorized by law to issue
an increased circulation, and sometimes the
very authority to increase destroys the neces-
sity for it; and I have no doubt that if we
could devise a way by which at times the cur-
rency might be increased temporarily it would
be a wise provision. After the war between
j Napoleon and Great Britain by act of Parlia-
J ment the time for resuming specie payments
j was extended four different times. They ap-
1 proached gradually the period fixed for specie
! payments; hard times came on; appeals were
! made to Parliament, and they extended the
time one year, and again a year, and then a
year more, and not until 1823, an interval of
seven years, did they resume specie payments.
The period was extended from time to time
according to the condition of the trade of the
country.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Allow me to ask my •
friend whether on the passage of the last act
the bank and the speculators were not just as <
much opposed to coming to specie payments
as they were the first time?
Mr. SHERMAN. There is always a class
of the community opposed to the resumption
of specie payments. The debtors are always
opposed to the resumption of specie payments
and the creditors are always in favor of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask
my friend a question in connection with the
argument he has made in regard to currency.
Is it the intention of the Committee on Finance,
with the view they take of the subject, to again
assert the policy of contraction before Congress
adjourns ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot speak for the
Committee on Finance, because they have
taken no action on that question. All they
i! have done is to report this bill now pending.
!: Mr. FESSENDEN. If they take this one
step in the other direction I want to know if
; they are to resume and sustain the policy which
was agreed upon during the last Congress—a
gradual contraction according to the means of
the country in order to reach specie, payments
I at as early a day as possible,
i Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Maine
! knows very well that I cannot answer that
! question until the committee act. They have
! not yet acted on that question. They have
! only acted on this proposition,
j Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the committee
j have acted, because they have reported what
! looks like the policy suggested by the Senator,
! of gradually increasing the currency when you
