1868,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17915
I do not like to call the previous question upon
a subject of such general interest as this, and
I shall wait to see what the temper of the House
is in regard to any debate upon it. If the House
is agreed to sustain a call for the previous ques-
tion,_it will indicate a disposition to vote now.
But I am not anxious that the House shall sus-
tain that call if there are any members who
prefer that some short debate shall take place.
I do not think there will be any disposition to
amend the bill. It is so short and so exact and
so clear in its application that the object, of
course, must be obvious to every one, and it
does not need, I think, anything iu its details to
make it effectually accomplish that object.
1 will with this view retain the floor, and will
answer any questions that gentlemen desire to
ask.
Mr. WOODWARD. I desire to ask the
gentleman if this bill reduces the tax on whisky.
_ Mr. SCHENCK. That is not provided for
either one way or the other in this bill. I will
state to the gentleman that the majority of the
Committee of Ways and Means—having been
made public, there is no disguise about it—
have decided to stand by the two-dollar tax,
and the bill which will be reported to the House
will contain various provisions for enforcing
with more rigor than eyer before the collection
of that tax. c,But that is a question which does
not come up in this bill.
Mr. WOODWARD. Does the committee
propose to maintain the revenue while they
are reducing the tax on manufactures if they
keep the tax on whisky at two dollars? Is it
supposed by the committee that the revenue to
be obtained at that rate of taxation will make
up for the amount of tax reduced on other
manufactures?
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot answer for the
opinion of the members of the committee par-
ticularly. They desire, I believe, to get enough
revenue amply to provide for the wants of the
country; and I believe, I think with a majority
of the committee, that we should get largely
more revenue by adhering to the two-dollar tax
and adopting a series of stringent regulations
and measures which we have been preparing
than we should if we lowered the tax. But
gentlemen will differ probably about that, and
whe that subject comes before the House of
course there will be ample discussion.
Mr. WOODWARD. I believe you would get
a larger revenue if you should reduce the tax.
Mr. SCHEN CK. I will now yield for a mo-
ment to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Myers.]
Mr. MYERS. I have no objection to make to
the bill; but as the chairman of the committee lias
kindly alluded to me, I only rise to express my
gratification at the promptaction ofthe Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. When I suggested to its
distinguished chairman last Thursday thatsueh
a bill should be reported at once without wait-
ing for a general revenue bill, I scarcely hoped
for such early action. I believed, though, that
the clear-headed gentlemen composing that
committee could report such a measure not-
withstanding the doubt upon their minds at the
time as stated by him, and now express the
hope that the bill will pass without further dis-
cussion than is necessary to explain the effect
of its provisions to the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. My colleague upon the
committee, the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hooper,] has called my attention to a
criticism upon certain words m this bill. His
suggestion may make the bill clearer, though
I think it will not; at least it will do no harm to
act according to the suggestion which he makes
to me. The first section of this bill proposes to
repeal sections ninety-four and ninety-live of a
certain act, "and all acts and parts of acts
amendatory thereof." My colleague suggests
that the word " thereof" might pei'hap3 be
considered as referring to the act at large rather
than to the sections. 1 therefore move to amend
that portion of the section by striking out the
word "thereof" and inserting in lieu the words
" of said sections."
The SPEAKER. There are sundry amend-
ments now pending which were reported from
the Committee of Ways and Means.
The amendments reported from the commit-
tee were then agreed to.
The amendment of Mr. Schenck was then
agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] who
desires to make an inquiry.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sohe^uk] whether
he will yield to me to move to amend the first
section by striking out these words:
On illuminating, lubricating, or other mineral oils
or articles ttie producU of tho distillation, redistilla-
tion, or refining of ci'udo petroleum, or of a single
distillation of coal, shale, jieat, asphaltum, or other
bituminous sabjtanoos.
The effect of such an amendment, if adopted,
would be to remove the tax on the various
products or distillations of rock oil. Will the
gentleman yield to me to move an amendment
of that character?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will not yield unless the
House order me to do so by voting down the
previous question and opening the bill to amend-
ment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then I would inquire of
the gentleman if he feels at liberty to answer
the question, whether the Committee of Ways
and Means contemplate, in the general bill
which he says they will soon report, the reduc-
tion or the removal of the present very burden-
some tax upon this article?
Mr. SCHENCK. I am not prepared to
answer that question, because lam not author-
ized by the committee to state what they pro-
pose to do in that respect. But I can say that
we have been considering and discussing the
subject. It is an article of manufacture which,
even during the past year, has yielded a reve-
nue of $o,000,000. It is the purpose of the
committee to retain it as a subject of taxation.
But 1 will say this to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofieu),] that when the
committee shall come to report the general
bill, if they shall finally determine upon con-
tinuing the present rate of taxation on oil, lie
shall have full opportunity to move to amend
or to strike out that portion of the bill, liut
it is not included in this bill; it is reserved for
the present among a half dozen other manufac-
tures which we think it will be necessary to tax
to some degree. I give my promise, however,
to the gentleman that when that bill comes up
he shall have the opportunity to move to amend
the provision, or even to strike out the provis-
ion in regard to the tax on oil.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would be very glad to
have the opportunity to move the amendment
to this bill which 1 have suggested, in order
that we may obtain some expression of the
sense of the House upon the subject. It is one
in which the people of my district are greatly
interested ; one in which the people of the
whole country are more or less interested, if
not as an article of manufacture, at least as an
article of consumption. I merely desire to test
the sense ofthe House upon the subject.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman, I know,
will not think me discourteous if I do not yield
for that purpose. This bill is reported from the
committee as an entirety. They are satisfied
that we cannot give up altogether the tax on oil
and some half a dozen other manufactures. Oil
has borne that tax exceedingly well. I do not
say now whether we shall or not put on as much
tax hereafter as it now bears; but that will appear
when we come to report the general bill. The
gentleman will then have lull-opportunity to
test the sense of the House upon the subject.
But I feel at liberty to say that the committee
deem it necessary to keep some tax upon oil,
and these half dozen other articles, including
distilled spirits and liquors, in order that we
may be able to relieve other manufactures.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 desire to inquire whether
the gentleman intends to allow any amend-
ment of any nature whatever to this bill ?
Mr. SCliENCK. Wo do not wish to do so.
Mr. BLAINE. I am very glad to hear it. I
hope the House will sustain the committee in
not opening the bill to any amendment. I am
sure the bill is very acceptable to the public in
its present form. If the bill be opened to
amendment there is no telling where the mat-
ter will stop.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If my amendment were
adopted it would be a perfect bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAINE. I could offer two amend-
ments which would make the bill still more
perfcct; but I am willing to forego my amend-,
ments .to- keep out those of other gentlemen.
Mi-. SCHENCK. Upon this bill, designed
to exempt certain manufactures, we do not,
wish to open the whole subject of distilled
spirits, oil, and everything else; because there
will be hereafter, when we report our general
bill, ample opportunity for discussion and ac-
tion on those subjects.
Mr. GARBTELD. This is manifestly "the
era of good feeling," inaugurated this morn-
ing by my friend the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means ; and as this appears
to be also the time for eulogies, I will join in
eulogizing the spirit and purpose of this bill.
I do not ask that any amendments shall be
made; but I wish to ask the gentleman two
questions, so that he may make an explanation
which shall go upon the record ; and thus he
will, I think, not only perfect the bill but per-
fect his speech.
In the first place, this bill proposes to repeal,
except as to fourarticles, the ninety-fourth and
ninety-fifth sectionsof thcpresentlaw. Those
sections consist of thirteen closely-printed
pages ; and I desire to ask the gentleman
whether this partial repeal willnotleave those
sections in a mangled and fragmentary form,
which will be found inconvenient ill the ad-
ministration of the law ; whether we might
not hereafter very properly wipe out these
sections altogether and adopt a short section
with reference to those four articles, thus leav-
ing the law in a better shape ? That is the first
of my questions.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I can well
understand how my literary colleague, whom I
am always glad to have amend and ''perfect"
my speeches, [laughter,] will besliockedat the
condition of sections ninety-four and ninety-
five when only the fragments are left. But if
these sections as amended should appear
"fragmentary," they will scarcely be more so
than the other provisions of the existing law.
Those sections will remain only a mouth or
two at most in that condition ; and meanwhile
they will not be at all obscure, because we re-
peal everything exccpt what relates to those
particular articles, keeping the present law in
force with regard to them until we can substi-
tute another law covering the same articles.
Mr. GARFIELD. That is precisely what
I wanted to draw out from my colleague—that
this legislation is only temporary, and that in
the general bill which the committee intend to
report, these articles will be embraced.
Mr. SCHENCK. We propose by the gen-
eral bill which we intend to report to wipe out
the whole of the internal revenue tax law as it
no*y stands and substitute an entirely new act.
Mr. GARFIELD. Very well. I have one
other suggestion to make. This bill, as I un-
derstand, reduces the tax on manufactures to
the extent of $84,000,000 per annum, while,
by other provisions, the tax is increased to the
extent of 820.000,000, making a total dccrea.se
of yG4,000,000in the taxation on manufactured
articles. Now, I desire to inquire whether the
committee will not be able to report some re-
duction in the machinery by which at present
the tax law is executed, whether the number
of assessors, or at least, assistant assessors,
collectors, and inspectors cannot be reduced,
thus diminishing the present expenses of col-
lecting the revenue. 1 desire to inquire whether
the committee have considered this subject, and
whether the gentleman is able at this time to
state what the committee contemplate in that
regard.
Mr. SCHENCK. The committee have con-
sidered thatsubjectpainfully, if not prayerfully,
[Laughter.] We are trying to amend the law
