1796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March.'10,
to make it more stringent and effective for the
purpose of raising revenue. In the course of
the measures of economy which we propose
we shall be very glad to get rid of as many
officers ns can advantageously be dispensed
with; and we hope to devise a system by which
we shall have, what are now very rare, honest
officers for the enforcement of the revenue law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will not occupy
much of the time of the gentleman from Ohio.
I wish to express my gratification at his re-
porting this bill, and I am sure the whole
country will sympathize with him in his present
effort. I regret the bill does not also abolish
the tax upon illuminating oil, an article which
enters into the consumption of the whole peo-
ple, in the hovel of the poorest man as well as
in the palace of royalty. We all pray for
more light, but we cannot liatfe it if the tax be
continued. But I will not offer the amend-
ment at this time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope gentlemen will
reserve their amendments until we come in
with a bill in reference to oils. I will say,
however, to the gentleman from Illinois that
there is and has been no tax upon mineral oil
except on the manufacture of illuminating oil.
With the single exception of paraffine oil no tax
has been imposed on any lubricating oil. I
yield now to thcgcntloman from Massachusetts.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to join with the
friends around me in expressing my gratifica-
tion at the introduction of this bill, and 1 will
not take up further time than to exhort my
friend from Ohio to call the previous question
at the earliest practical moment.
Mr. MILLER. I understand the committee
intend to report a general bill simplifying the
subjects of taxation, and that this embraces
only a few subjects of taxation ; that the whole
subject is to be considered hereafter.
Mr. SCHENCK. This is only to run for a
month or two. In the mean time the commit-
tee are engaged in framing a general law to
cover all these subjects.
Mr, RAUM. 1 ask the gentleman from
Ohio whether the committee has considered
the subject of licenses ?
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; the Supreme
Court a year or two ago decided that we cannot
grant licenses as such. The law was there-
fore changed; and we have now, in their stead,
what are denominated special taxes on occupa-
tions.
Mr. RAUM. I wish to askAe chairman of
the committee whether the committee, in re-
viewing the revenue laws with a view to bring-
ing in a new bill, have considered the ques-
tion of taking off many of the small special
taxes which are collected largely from the agri-
cultural districts. The committee will find
that from special taxes of ten dollars and un-
der something like the sum of $5,000,000 are
realized, showing that this sum is collected
from half a million persons.
It jias seemed to me that many of these
special taxes could very properly be removed,
thus relieving the assessors and collectors of
very onerous duties in collecting such small
sums, and also relieving the business of the
country of a very great burden.
Mr. SCHENCK. We are considering the
question of special taxes to which the gentle-
man refers, and that very carefully, and we
propose to put some of these manufacturers
of articles of luxury under a heavier tax. I
tell the House in advance the committee have
not the slightest idea of giving up special taxes.
Manufacturers have come to us, carriage mak-
ers and other manufacturers, and have said,
"Place any special tax upon us, §100or $200,
but do not, after we have manufactured articles,
follow them and tax them in all forms."
Mr. WOOD. I understood the gentleman
to say the committee had under consideration
the proposition to reduce the tax upon whisky
and distilled spirits, and had concluded to leave
the tax at two dollars per gallon as about
right. Then they do not propose to reduce it,
and 
Mr; SCHENCK. I will say to the gentle-
man that the majority of the committee have
decided to continue the two-dollar tax.
Mr. WOOD. We know, then, in advance,
Mr. Speaker, what is the action of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means in reference to this
very important subject. I hope, therefore, he
will allow me to move an amendment to test
the sense of the House, to reduce the tax on
whisky and distilled spirits fifty cents per
gallon.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman must ex-
cuse me. If I had no other objection to his
amendment, it is not germane to this bill, as
it does not relate to the subject of spirits
directly or indirectly.
Mr. WOOD. It refers to them in terms. In
the first section there is a reference to distilla-
tion.
Mr. SCHENCK. Distillation of oil.
Mr. WOOD. The object of it is to raise
revenue. It is apparent to the country that
no revenue can be raised by the present tax
of two dollars a gallon. We are demoralizing
the public while we are losing revenue.
Mr. SCHENCK, I do not yield for any
such amendment. There is nothing about the
distillation of spirits in the bill, nor is there
anything about the distillation of spirits in the
ninety-fourth and ninety-fifth sections; which
arc to bo repealed. That is provided for in
other parts of the present law, and will be pro-
vided for also in the general bill hereafter to be
reported.
Mr. WOOD. I hope the gentleman will
permit the sense of the House to bo taken.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield to my colleague
on the committee, [Mr. Griswold.']
Mr. GRISWOLD. I desire simply to say
to my colleague [Mr. Wood] that I hope he
will not embarrass the passage of this bill by
introducing at this juncture the discussion of
the whisky tax. And, inasmuch as the action
of the Committee of Ways and Means has been
alluded to, there is no impropriety in my saying
that when that question comes up for discus-
sion I have no doubt I shall agree with him ;
for I take occasion to say now that I dissent
entirely from the expression of the majority of
the committee upon the question of the amount
of tax to be levied on whisky. I hope, there-
fore, the gentleman will not embarrass the
passage of this bill. At the proper time he
will have an opportunity to express his views
on the whisky tax, and then, I assure him, 1
shall, no doubt, bo with him on that question.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before I yield the floor
again I desire to say in reply to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Raum,] who spoke about the
revenue from special taxes as amounting to four
or five millions during the last year, that it
amounted to upward of eighteen million dollars,
andtliat, too, without beingfelt as a heavy bur-
den. The committee think they can increase the
revenue from that source to at least §20,000,000.
They used to be called licenses, but after the
decision of the Supreme Court that they eouid
be sustained only as a form of tax the term has
been altered, and they are called special taxes.
But we expect to get a revenue of twenty or
twenty-five million dollars from these special
taxes without anybody being hurt. I now yield
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kelley. ]
Mr. KELLEY. I have asked the gentleman
to yield to me, not that I may thank him or the
committee for, or congratulate the House on, the
reporting of this bill. I apprehend there is not
a member on this floor who does not welcome
it and who will not vote for it. But I want to
ask the chairman of the committee if he can
state the amount of tax derived from the man-
ufacture of American wines.
Mr. SCHENCK. The only wines affected
by this bill are adulterated wines, compounded
with spirits, in imitation of champagne, &c.,
on which the amount of tax received was$2,000
in the last year.
Mr. M UNGEN. I desire to ask a question
of the chairman of the committee. I find in
section ninety-four of the internal revenue act
that diamonds, &c., are taxed. This bill pro-
poses to repeal the tax on wines manufactured
largely in the States of Ohio and California.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman is mis-
taken in regard to the tax on diamonds, &c.;
it is a tax on the manufacture of diamonds
and other jewelry. That is one of the things
we intended to retain, but which we propose-to
tax in a different way by inereasingthe special
tax on the manufacturer and putting a heavier
tax on the sales.
Mr. MUNGEN. The tax is paid by the lap-
idary or the man who sets the diamonds and
other jewels. Diamonds can only be bought
by the wealthy. Now, you repeal the tax on
the diamonds but not on the wines. Why not
repeal the tax on the wines also ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I know my colleague has
not looked carefully into the matter or he
would not make the objection he doe's. In the
first place, this relates to the taxes, not on the
use of the articles themselves, but on the man-
ufacture of them. We propose to tax the manu-
facturer rather more heavily than other manu-
facturers, because we regard this product as an
article of luxury, and whatever cost we add to
it willbefeltbytheconsumer. Then, asregards
wines, if the gentleman will look a little more
closely he will find that the section referred to
relates to wines not made from grapes, currants,
rhubarb, &c., but to wines that aw adulterated
or mixed with spirits. I know the gentleman
will not object to providing that the tax shall be
continued on the impure article. I demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third reading; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I demand the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 122, nays 2, not
voting 05 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer. ArnelJ,
.Tames M. Asbloy, Baldwin, Banks, Barnes, Barnura,
Bcaman, Beatty, Beck, Blaine, Blair. Boutwell,
Boyer, Burr, Butler, Chanler, Churchill, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cullom. Dawes, Dixon, Dodge,
Donnelly, Driggs, Eeldoy, Eggleston, JEliot, Farns-
worth, Porriss, Perry, Fields, Garfield, Getz, Golla-
day, Gravely, Griswold, Grover, Haight, Higby, Hill,
Ilolmon, Hooper, Hopkins, Hotelikiss, Chester D.
llubbard. Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Jones, Judd,
Kclley, Ivelsey, Kerr, Ketcham, Knott, Koontz,
Laflin, George V. Lawrenco, William Lawrence,
Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Marshall, Mar-
vin, Maynard, MoCarthy, MeClurg, MoCormiek,
Miller. Moore, Moorhead, Morgan, Mungen, Myers,
Newcomb, Niblack, Nicholson, O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
Perham, Peters, Plants, Polsley, Price, Raum, Rob-
ertson, Sawyer, Schenek, Scofield, Selye, Sitgreaves,
Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Stone, Taber, Taffe,
Thomas, Lawrcnce S.Trimble, Twichell, Upson, Van -
Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Van
Wyck, Ward, Cadwalder C.Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, William
Williams, James 1?. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Wood,
and Woodward—122.
NAYS—Messrs. Hawkins and Johnson—2.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Delos R.
Ashley, Axtell, Bailey, Baker, Benjamin, Benton,
Bingham, Bromwell, Brooks, Broomall, Buckland,
Cake, Cary, Reader "W. Clarke, Coburn, Cornell,
Covode, Ela, lildridge, Finney, Pox, Glossbrenner,
Ha sey, Harding, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Julian, Kitchen,
Lynch, ftiallory, McCullough, Mercur. Morrcll,
Morrissey, Mullins, Nunn, Ph elps, Pike, Pile, Pol and.
Pomeroy, Fruyu, Randall, Robinson, Ross, Shanks,
bhellabarger, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stewart, Stokes, Taylor, John Trimble, Trowbridge,
Van Aukeri, Burt Van Horn, Elihu B. Washburne,
Henry D. Washburn, Stephen F. Wilson, Wmdom,
and Woodbridge—05.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ORTHstatedthathiscolleagues, Messrs.
Siiasks, Wasiibukn, and Coburn, were absent;
if present they would have voted for the bill.
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table..
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate tod
