1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3845
Forty-third amendment:
In line four hundred and sixty-seven strike out
"5>15.0!)0'' and insert "$2o,U00;" so that the clause
wiilreid:
For surveying the public lands in Montana Terri-
tory, at rates not exeeedingfUtuen dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, twel ve dollars for township,
and ten dollars for section lines, $25,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Forty-fourth amendment:
In line four hundred and seventy-one strike out
"$15 000" and insert" $5,000;'' so that the clause will
For surveying the public lands in Utah Territory,
at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per mile for
standard lines, twelve dollars for township, and ten
dollars for section lines, §5,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Forty-fifth amendment:
Insert after linefourhundred and seventy-one the
following:
For surveying public lands in the State of Florida,
$20,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Forty-sixth amendment:
In lines four hundred and seventy-six, four hun-
dred and sevehty-seven. and four hundred and sev-
enty-eight. strike out. "fifteen dollars" and insert
"twenty-five dollars;"strike out "$6,375" and insert
"S10.025:" so that the clause will read:
For surveying the eastern boundary of Nevada,
estimated four hundred and twenty five miles, atnot
exceeding twenty-five dollars per mile, $10,625.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. I hope that
some of the members of the Committee on
Appropriations will lislen for a moment to
■what 1 may say, because I can hardly believe
that they wisli to make ati invidious distinction
against the State of Nevada in this matter of
boundary survey. It vvas conceded that a
survey of at least the eastern boundary of
Nevada was necessary. The Commissioner of
the General Land Office recommended the
survey of the northern and eastern boundaries.
But when I appeared before the Committee
on Appropriations I agreed to waive the sur-
vey of the northern boundary, because^ we
have not many settlements there. But it is
necessary to have the eastern boundary sur-
veyed, because our officers, in levying taxes
and collecting them, come in contact with the
Mormon authorities for some distance there.
We fixed it at fifteen dollars per mile. The
recommendation of the Commissioner of the
General Laud Office was twenty-five dollars
a mile.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Are these
amendments of the Senate according to the
recommendation of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. Certainly they
are.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I think
the Committee on Appropriations will not
object to the amendments of the Senate.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. Very well:
then I will not say anything further.
The amendment was then concurred in.
Forty-seventh amendment:
Add to the clause just road tho following :
To be expended u dor the direction of the Com-
missioner ot the General Land Office.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred m.
Forty-eighth amendment:
Suike out after line five hundred and tweuty-thiee
the following paragraph: .
For care, support, and medical treatment of sixty
transient paupers, medico.! nnd surgical patio'its. iii
some proper medical institution in tnecity ot Wash-
i aim. under a eoutract to be ionned with such
iiisi kution, $12,000, or so much thereof as maybe
necessary,
The Committee on Appropriations recom:
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Forty-ninth amendment:
In line five hundred and thirty-six strike out
" five " and iusert " threeso as to make the para-
graph read as follows:
For purchase of trees and tree-boxes, to replace,
when necessary, such as have been planted by the
United States, to whitewash treo-boxes and fences,
and to repair pavements in front of the public
grounds, S3,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fiftieth amendment:
Insert after line five hundred and forty-four the
following paragraph: .
For continuing the United States twenty-mch
water main from its present terminus in north B
street on the east f-ide of Delaware avenue, to the
United States twclvc-inch main on First street east,
$10,COO.
The Committee 011 Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Although
perhaps it may not be proper for me to state
what took place in the committee, I wish to
say that on this question there vvas a tie, and
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,]
who came in afterward, voted to non-concur,
although I considered his vote too late. I a sk
the gentleman from Ohio to state whether this
is not the fact.
Mr. SPALDING. I think my vote against
concurrence decided the question in commit-
tee. But I now prefer that the amendment
should be concurred in.
Mr. WASHBUIiNE, of Illinois. I have no
objection to that.
The amendment was concurred m.
Fifty-first amendment:
Add the following: new paragraph:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay for
fitting necessary shelving, and for record books lur-
nished or ordered for the oilice of registcrof deeds
of the District of Columbia, during the period when
Edward 0. Eddie was such register, &o50.
The Committee 011 Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was noil-concurred in.
Fifty-second amendment:
Add the following new paragraph :
To enable tiie Secretary of the benatc to complete
tho alphabetical Hot ot private claims to the end 01
the second session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and
to pay outstanding claims for services rendered in
the preparation of said work under a resolution oi
the Senate of Maxell 16, 1866, $2,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment v/as concurred in.
Fifty-third amendment:
. Add the following now paragraph ;
That the sum of $15,OUO, or a* much thereof as may
be necessary, be, and the same is hereby, appropri-
ated, outot nny money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to defray the expenses of the «|oint
Committee on Ordnance, and that tho same shall be
drawn from the Treasury, upon the order of the
Secretary ot the Senate, as it shall be required; and
any portion of the amount hereby appropriated that
shall be allowed by the said joint committee to wit-
nesses attending before it, or otherpeisons employed
in its service, for per diem, traveling, or other neces-
sary expenses, ami paid by the Secretary ot vhc ben-
ate, in pursuance of the orders of said joint com-
mittee, shall ho accordingly credited and allowed by
the accounting oilieors oi the treasury Department,
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifty-fourth amendment:
Add the following new paragraph:
To enable tho joint Committee on the .Library to
pav Mrs. Sarali F. Amwan additional compensation
for her marble bust of President Lincoln, $o00.
The Committee 011 Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred m.
Fifty-fifth amendment:
Add tho following new paragraph;
For expenses of tho trial ot the impeachment ox
Andrew Johnson, President of the united states,
$6,000, or as much thereof as may be necessary, to be
paid into the contingent fund of the benate.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifty-sixth amendment:
Add the following new paragraph :
Forthe purchasing of suitable sites for thoereetion
of additional school-houses, and for the maintain-
ance ot schools iu tho county of Washington, outside
of tho limits of tho cities of Washington and George-
town, thesam * to bo expended under the direction
of the levy court of the county of Washington, sub-
ject to the approval of the Secretary of the Interior,
mooo.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifty-seventh amendment:
Insert:
For experiments in tho cultivation and prepara-
tion of the madder root, $10,500, to bo expended
under the direction of the Commissioner of Agricul-
ture.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifty-eighth amendment:
Insert as art additional section the following;
Sec.—. And be it further enactcd, That there be,
and is hereby, appropriated, out of any money iu
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of $9,263 85, or so much thereof as may be necessary,
to pay balance due forthe surrey of lands embraced
in the Osage Indian reservation, in the State of Kan-
sas, under contract dated August 14 and 16,18G8, the
said sum to be returned to tho Treasury out of the
proceeds of tho sale of said .lands, as provided by
treaties with said Indians.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifty-ninth amendment:
Insert the following as an additional section:
Sec. —. And Oe it further enacted. That the sum of
$7,775, or so much thereof as may be necessary, is
heiebv appropriated, out of any money in the Trea-
sury not otherwise appropriated, to pay for the bal-
ance duo for surveyiug several Indian reservations
in Utah Territory; the .survey of which wns provided
for by act of Congress approved May 5,1864.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in,
Sixtieth amendment:
Insert the following as an additional section :
gECt jincl be it further enacted. That the sum of
$i$y,Ul4 Go, or so much thereof as may be necessary,
is hereby appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not heretofore appropriated, to p y for the
survey of the Osage Indian tiust lands ceded to the
United States* under treaty concluded September 29.
18U5, upon a contract made with tho General Land
Oilice under date of September 18, 1866, and an-
other contract for another portion of &aid trust lands,
dated May 28, 1867; which survey is according to the
ptovisions of tho second article of treaty concluded
with said tribe September 29,1865.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixty-first amendment:
Add the following as an additional section :
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That there be,
and is hereby, appropriated out of any money m the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum ot
§3,362 03, to pay the balance due tor the survey of
tho hinds embraced iu tho Omana and vVinnebfigo
Indian reservation in the State of Nebraska, under
contract dated August 14. 1863, as provided by a
treaty with the Omaha Indiana, and authorised by
act of Congress approved July 123,1S66.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
Mr. TAFFE. This ought to be concurred
in. The survey has been made, and ought to
be paid for.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, we have gone over this que.-tion in a
separate bill, and the House, after full consid-
eration, paid what they found to be deficient.
What we struck out of that bill the Senate have
put into this. For that reason we have not
concurred in that action. The House have,
! by a large majority, sustained the action of the
' committee on the other bill.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixty-second amendment:
Insert thefollowing as an additional section:
^EC.—. Awl be it further macted, ill at the Comrois--
sioncr of the General Land. Officc is hereby
ized to continue the extension of the ?e<slosnl«'Jl «f
ploratioua as begun m Nebraska under toprov:is
ions of the second section of the deficicncj act ot
Confess approved March 2,1867, to other portions
of the public lands; and for that purpose the&um of
"1,000 is hereby appropriated out of any money m
JMU.Uw Jo 11 vu "fen;"1'   - . . j-
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
