1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2821
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman will bear in
mind tbat I have but ten minutes left.
Mr. PRICE. I ask but two.
Mr. WOOD. Very well.
Mr. PRI OR. The gentleman has stated that
the mines of Spain were a source of wealth to
that nation. But, sir, Spain never became rich
from her mines, although her silver mines were
the richest on the globe at that day. Russia
did her mining by means of serfs, who were
but half paid, half fed, half clad. So it has
been with all other countries where mining has
been carried on under the management of the
Government. It will not do to apply the same
rule to this Government, under which indi-
vidual enterprise and energy, if left untram-
meled, produce the greatest results. If indi-
vidual enterprise and energy will not produce
the desired results, certainly operations car-
ried on through the agency and under the direc-
tion of the Government will not do it. Taking
the aggregate amount mined, and the aggregate
of days' labor expended, it is shown that min-
ing has not paid better than raising corn 01
wheat on the prairies of the country.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman. I have not
time to answer the gentleman as fully as I
might; and I will say but a word in reply.
The gentleman derives his information from
those who are interested in suppressing the
facts. When you talk to these miners they dis-
courage every attempt at competition with
them on the part of the Government or indi-
viduals. But there is the fact, that $2,000,000
have been produced. No rational man can
stand up and say that any other interest in the
country, commercial, mechanical, trading, or'
manufacturing, has made $2,000,000 as easily,
with as little expense, with the outlay of as
little manual labor, and in so short a period.
But as I desire to say one or two words on the
bill itself I am forced to leave this branch of
the discussion.
Mr. Chairman, with reference to this bill, I
desire to say now, because the opportunity may
not be afforded hereafter, that there are in this
bill many things which I think a very great
improvement upon the existing law. Bntthere
is incorporated in the bill one fundamental
principle against which I utterly protest. 1 pro-
test against taking a subordinate officer of this
Government who has participated to a larger
extent in the execution of the existing revenue
laws than either the Secretary of the Treasury
or the President, and clothing him with uncon-
trolled power over the whole machinery of
collecting the revenue, without any responsi-
bility anywhere. The Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue is to be invested with the power
to appoint and remove, not by the consent of
the Senate or of the Secretary of the Treasury,
or of the President, but to appoint and remove
at his own discretion every collector, every
assessor, every assistant assessor, every in-
spector, every revenue agent throughout the
whole length and breadth of this land.
Gentlemen are doubtless familiar with the
constitutional provision on this subject, but 1
will read it. It, declares that the President—
"Shall have power, by and with the advice ami con-
sent of the Senate, to rn.ike treaties, provided two-
thiids of the Senators present concur; and he shall
nominate, and by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate shall appoint, embassadors, other pub-
lic ministers and consuls, judges of the Supremo
Court, and a]] other officers of the United Stated,
whose appointments are not herein otherwise pro-
vided for, and which shall be established by law.
But the Congress may by law vest the appointment
of such inferior officers as they think proper in the
Provident alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads
of Departments."
The Committee of Ways and Means propose
to evade this constitutional provision by simply
changing the name of the bureau and calling
it a department. Sir, I very much doubt
whether this can be done. When the Consti-
tution provides that Congress may vest the
appointing power in the Departments, what is
meant by a department? Sir, I believe it is
no strained construction to say that this pro-
vision was intended to refer to the Departments
then in existence, and then recognized as such.
Will it be contended that Congress can
nate as a department every half dozen men
anywhere in the Government and confer upon
them the power of appointment and removal?
Nor can this difficulty be avoided by changing
the name of bureau to that of department.
Why, sir, if this bill did not emanate from
experienced gentlemen, good lawyers, men of
ability, and, 1 believe, of stern integrity, polit-
ically as well as otherwise, I should pronounce
this provision of the bill a farcical and con-
temptible attempt at evasion, beneath the dig-
nity and character of this House.
Congress cannot confer this power upon the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. But sup-
pose it can, should it do so? Should it give
to an irresponsible man power to send his
agents and emissaries into every man's domi-
cile, to institute a system of espionage and
inquisitorial investigation into the individual
affairs of the people, a system stili more odious
than that which has been growing up since the
present incumbent has been Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. 1 say that this power is too
gieut to be in trusted to any one nmn, however
pure, however unambitious. And, Mr. Chair-
man, permit me to express the doubt whether
if the politics of this gentleman had been of a
different character any such proposition would
have emanated from the Committee of Ways
and Means ? It so happens that he is an active
and resolute partisan of the ruling party in
Congress. I will not say that the proposition
is made for this reason, for 1 do not wish to
impugn the motives of any gentleman on this
floor ; but it is a singular coincidence that upon
this gentleman they should propose to confer
unlimited power in the execution of this enor-
mous system, which levies contribution upon
the industry of every man, woman, and child
in the country; giving this otlieer authority to
walk into the bed-chamber of the citizen, to
examine his books and papers without any
legal warrant, to penetrate and expose the
most sacred private relations of individuals,
thus opening the way for the worst operations
of malice or vengeance. Aside from the want
of constitutional power to confer such authority
upon a subordinate ollieei, I believe that the
exercise of any such authority is anti-repub-
lieau, is in contravention of the spirit and genius
of our institutions. I believe it is authority
capable of abuse to a lamentable and destruc-
tive extent,, and should not be conferred upon
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, nor
even upon the President of the United States.
Mr. Chairman, when the Committee of the
Whole shall proceed to take up this bill by sec-
tions and consider its details, I shall take tiie
opportunity of presenting from time to time
amendments which I am satisfied will in some
cases be admitted by the honorable chairman of
the committee to be an improvement upon the
j bill. I presume we shall all concur in making
I the measure as nearly perfect as possible before
| it is transmitted fo the other House.
1 Mr. BJIOMWELL. 1 would like to ask the
i gentleman from Newl'ork [Mr. Wood] a ques-
il tiou. He has spoken of the Departments ex-
j! isting at the time the Constitution was formed.
|! I wish to inquire of him what Departments of
J this Government then existed. Was not the
Department of the Interior created veiy lately,
only a few years back? And if Congress, under
the"Constitution, can vest the appointment of
subordinate officers in the Secretary of the
Interior, what is to hinder the secretary of rev-
enue, if he should be so termed, or whatever
else he may be termed, from exercising the
appointing power in his department., if it should
be created a department by act, of Congress?
Mr. WOOD. The difference is simply this:
I know that the Department of the Interior is
of very modern origin; but it is a Department,
and the head of it has already a seat in the
Cabinet. Tie is a constitutional Cabinet officer
of the President. This bill does not propose to
confer that prerogative upon the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue.
Mr. BROMWELL. Did the Constitution
provide that any head of the Departmentshould
sit in the Cabinet? When Andrew Johnson
spoke in Louisville, Mr. Seward remarked that
at the termination of the war the President sent
for three men to consult about the terms upon
which the rebel States should be restored. I
have also understood from gentlemen of the
Democratic faith that the President had the
same right to send for those three men on that
occasion that he would have to call upon the
Congress of the United States, and that he is
restricted by nothing, so far as consulting with
anybody is concerned, except so far as he
chooses. Therefore, what is there to hinder
our making this a department just as much as
the Department of the Interior, seeing that
all this business is to be performed unjer the
direction of one of the Departments? And do
not the heads of the Departments derive their
seats in the Cabinet simply from usage?
Mr. HUNTER addressed the House. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. N1 BLACK. Mr. Chairman, being a
member of the Committee of Ways and Means,
which has reported this bill, and not being able
to concur in some of the more important fea-
tures of it, I have felt it my duty to occupy
the attention of the committee for a short time
in explanation more particularly of those por-
tions of the bill about which differences have
existed and still exist among members of the
committee. It is but due, however, to the
majority of the committee, and I presume
every member of it, to say that great consid-
eration, much labor and care have been be-
stowed upon every seetion of this bill; and I
fully believe that in most respects it is a great
improvement upon everything that has yet
preceded it in the form of an internal revenue
tax bill. Its phraseology has received great
attention. The machinery by which this
branch of the Government is to be carried on
and these taxes collected is, 1 think, a great
improvement upon that provided in any prior
bill.
Jf I am not able to sustain every section of
the bill 1 shall certainly give it no opposition
except in those re.spccts which I deem mate-
rial and somewhat, vital, perhaps, to the sue
cess of the bill, if it should become a law. I
shall certainly offer no factious opposition to
anything which the committee has reported,or
to anything which the House or the Committee
of the Whole, acting under the authority of
the House, may resolve upon in connection
with this measure of taxation. Still, sir, as
we must vote upon this bill section by section
and paragraph by paragraph, I feel that as a
member of the committee, when unable to
agree with the action of the majority, I ought
frankly to state the reasons for my dissent.
The first essential particular in which I find
myself unable to concur in the action of the
majority of the Committee of Ways and Means
is embraced in the first section, to which refer-
ence has already been made in this debate.
This is the section which erects the present
Bureau of Internal Revenue into a separate
and independent department of Government.
'I here are in my mind several objections to
this proposition. In the first place I regard
it as unnecessary for the success of a proper
internal revenue system. [ concede as frankly
and fully as any other gentleman that we have
heretofore failed to collect a large part of the
taxes to which the Government is justly entitled
under existing laws. I concede that there is
in this branch of the public service much
demoralization—more, perhaps, than in all the
other branches. But the difficulty does not,
in my judgment, originate with the constitu-
tion of the bureau and the subordinate char-
acter of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue to the Secretary of the Treasury ; nor is
it owing to the fact that the bureau is but a
part or sub-division of the Treasury Depart-
ment proper. The difficulty has all, in my
judgment, arisen from the fact that the whisky
tax was unwisely laid in the first place, and
has been unfortunately perpetuated by suc-
ceeding Congresses, at two dollars per gallon.
I do not propose to discuss this question at
any great length, because the attention of the
