186&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB33L
1797
passed the joint resolution of the House No.
228, relative to the post office and sub-Treas-
ury of the city of Boston.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the
amendments of the House to the joint resolu-
ion of the. Senate No. 89, providing for the
representation of the United States at the inter-
national exhibition to be held at Havre.
The message further announced that the
Senate insisted upon their disagreement to the
amendment of the House to the bill of the
Senate No. 308, for the relief of the heirs of
the late General Duncan L. Clinch, deceased;
and agreed to the conference asked by the
House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Messrs.
Howe, Fessenden, and Davis managers of the
conference on the part of the Senate.
HARBOR OF MICHIGAN CITY.
Mr. 011TH, by unanimous consont, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and adopted :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War bo rcciuested
to transmit to this House any report or information
in his Department in roiercnco to the harbor at
Michigan city, Indiana, not hcretoforo reported to
the House.
leave of absence.
Mr. FARNS WORTH asked and obtained
leave of absence for twenty days for his col-
league, Mr. Harding.
rights op american citizens abroad.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to report back from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs the bill (H.
14. No. 768) concerning the rights of American
citizens in foreign States. Permission was
given tj the committee to report at any time.
To-morrow is assigned for another business,
and I do not know that any better opportunity
will be afforded for the consideration of this
matter than this time.
The bill was read as follows:
Whereas the right of expatriation is a natural and
inherent right of alt people. indispensablo to the
enjoyment of the rights of life, liberty, and tho pur-
milt jf happiness, for the protection of which tho
Government of the United States was established;
and whorcas in the recognition of this prmeiplo
this Government has freely received emigrants from
all nations and invested thorn with the rights of
citizenship; and whereas it is claimed that such
American citizens, with their descendants, are sub-
jects of foreign States, owing allegiance to the Gov-
ernments thereof: ami whereas it necessary to the
maintenance of public peace that this claim of for-
eign allegiance should be promptly and finally dis-
avowed : Therefore,
He it enacted, lie.. That any declaration, instruction,
opinion, order, ordeeision. of any officers of tins Gov-
ernment which denies, restricts, impairs, or questions
ttie right of expatriation, is hereby declared incon-
sistent with the fundamental prmcipli-s of this Gov-
ernment, and thcrctorc null and void.
Skc.2. And boit further enacted. That all naturalized
citizens of tho United States wllilo m foreign States
shall bo entitled to, and ■•hall receive from this Gov-
ernment, the same protection of persons and prop-
erty that is accorded to native-born citizens in like
tituation and circumstances.
iSkc. 3. And be it further enacted. That whenever it
jhall be duly niado known to the President that any
citizen of the United States has been arrested, and
is dotained by any foreign Government in contraven-
tion of the intent and purposes of this act. upon the
allegation that naturalization in tho United States
does not operate to dissolve his allegiance to his na-
tive soveroign; or if any citizen shall have been
arrested and detained, whose release upon demand
shall havo been unreasonably delayed or refused,
the President shall be, and hereby is. empowered to
order the arrest and to detain in custody any subject
or citizen of such foreign Government who may be
found within the jurisdiction of tho United States, and
the President shall, without delay, give information
to Congress of any such proceedings under this act.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, it is perhaps
but just to the members of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs that I should make some allu-
sion to a matter somewhat connected with the
subject before the House, but not of much-
importance in guiding it to a just conclusion.
One of the public journals published in the
city of Chicago, in alluding to this subject
when lately before the House, stated that the
Committee on Foreign Affairs had been gov-
erned, controlled, or influenced, more or less,
by one of the Executive Departments of the
Government; and that the bill reported by the
committee was in fact but the expression of
the judgment of another department ot the
Ciuverumcnt. Now, in justice to the gentle-
men from that part of the country who are
members of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
as well as indirectly to myself. I desire to say
to the House that that is a positive and most
unjust misstatement of the truth.
The bill which was presented to this House
was an embodiment of the judgment of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs alone. It was
not the result of the influence of any one out-
side of this House, of whatever character or
position. The distinguished officer to whom is
committed the charge of the foreign affairs has
not interfered to any extent or in any way
whatever with the privatejudgment of the mem-
bers of the committee upon this subject.
I think I may say for every member of the
committee that we have not discussed this
question among ourselves outside of the ses-
sions of the committee. It has there been
considered deliberately and carefully, and
every proposition reported by the committee to
this House has been reported with the unan-
imous consent of the committee; a committee
consisting of nine members, representing dif-
ferent parties and different sections of the coun-
try, and I think I may say without impropriety
ofgood j udgment and fair standing in the House.
The bill they report they recommend as the
results of their own deliberate and well-consid-
ered action. And it is entitled to the favor-
able consideration of the House. I hope that
no appeal of the character of that to which I
have referred will be able to prejudice its judg-
ment or deprive us of the impartial hearing to
which we are entitled.
For myself I was never inclined to be and
never was counted among the disciples of the
department to which the charge refers, and I
havo now certainly no spccial reason for chang-
ing tho course of my whole life in this respect.
I can truly say, with satisfaction to myself, if
not to other members of this House, that I was
never less disposed to follow the counsels of
other men than now, and never had lessdesiro
than now to influence the opinions or action
of other men on this or any other subject.
I now move to recommit the bill under con-
sideration; and pendingthat motion I propose
to make a few statements upon its general
provisions and character.
The Committee on Foreign Affairs, when
this subject was under consideration^ on a
former occasion, were somewhat surprised to
find a very general disposition on the part of
members to have embodied in any bill acted
upon by the House a legislative declaration^ of
the right of emigration on the part of the citi-
zens of the United States. The committee
had considered this subject carefully, and have
since reconsidered it, and have come to the
conclusion, I believe I may say unanimously,
that the right of emigration does not depend
upon the consent of the Government, and that
it ought not to be held as subject to the con-
trol of the Government, either in the form of
permission or denial.
Now, to state correctly the position of the
Government of the United States upon this
question, it is not necessary to make a legisla-
tive declaration recognizing the right of emi-
gration on the part of its citizens. _ But inas-
much as there is a difference of opinion upon
the subject, and there has been an apparant
conflict of official statement and may be here-
after upon the part of some officers of the
Government, we have embodied a declara-
tion in the preamble which more accurately
presents the views of the committee upon this
subject than any language of my own. lhat
preamble is as follows:
Whereas the right of expatriation is aTiatural and
inherent right ot all people, indispensable to tne en-
joyment of the rightsof life, liberty, and the purisu .t
of happiness, for tho protection ot which the Go
ernment of the United States wiw established, and
whereas in the recognition of this Pnn°lP®"Jr!
Government has freely received emigrants from all
| nations and invested them with the rights of citizen
ship; and whereas it is claimed that all such Amer
j ican citizens, with their descendants, are subj
! foreign States, owing allegiance to the governments
thereof; and whereas it is necessary to the main o-
! i nance of public peace that this' ejaim of foreiCTi wlo
11 Riance should bo promptly and finally disavowed.
It is therefore enacted:
That any declaration. Instruction, opinion, order,
or decision of any officers of this Government which
denies, restricts, impairs, or questions the right of ex-
patriation, is hereby declared inconsistent with the
fundamental pnnoiples of this Government, and
therefore null ana void.
I am quite sure that if the House should have
this question presented in an authoritative form,
there is no considerable portion of the mem-
bers that would assent to the propriety, much,
less the expediency, of a legislative declara-
tion on the part of the Government of the Uni-
ted States recognizing the right of emigration.
If in the course of events, the Government
of the United States should form a treaty with
any foreign Government in which it should be
provided that the right of emigration should
exist by the permission of such Government,
and basing all arrangements between two Gov-
ernments upon its consent to the emigration
of its citizens to this country, no member of
the House would be willing to give such a
treaty his approval because presented in that
form. We should at once see that the right
of assent covered also the right of dissent, and
that the approval of such policy on the part of
other Governments would in effect surrender
our claim for the recognition of the American
doctrine that the right of emigration is a right
inherent in man j the only power that is left to
him to assert his own independence against
the power of the Government. It stands upon
the same ground as the right of free speech,
the right to see, the right to hear, the right to
think the right of locomotion, and other in-
herent rights essential to the development of
the faculties of man and to the enjoyment of
his personal liberty. It is a natural and in-
herent right. There is, there can be, no per-
sonal liberty unless this right can be exercised
independent of the consent of Governments.
To avoid suffering and to escape oppression by
the Government under which he lives, he should
have tho power to seek more congenial politi-
cal relations wherever they may be found.
Neither in the Constitution nor m any legis-
lation of the United States, is there legislative
recognition of the doctrine that any one of this
class of natural rights depends upon favor. The
language of the Constitution in regard to the
establishment of religion, or the free exercise
thereof, the right to bear arms, the freedom,
of speech, the liberty of the press, the right
of petition, or that higher right of peaceful
assemblage for the consideration of their af-
fairs, and to be secure in their persons against
unwarrantable searches or seizures, is not that
these rights are conferred upon the people, but
that the Government shall pass no act abridg-
ing or denying the existence of such rights.
The right of emigration ought to stand upon
exactly the same ground, because it is more
essential to personal freedom than the right
of speech, the right of thought, the right to
move, the right to petition, or any other of
these inherent natural rights. If there is no
power on the part of the subject of a Govern-
ment to leave its dominions when it shall be
impossible to endure its oppressions there ia
no relic of personal liberty left to him.
In a most excellent work published in Ger-
many in 1865 by Dr. Held on the Organization
of Society and of Government this principle is
more clearly stated than it has ever been by
any American, although we have been debat-
ing this question for three fourths of a century.
It must carry conviction to every candid mind.
It is a single sentence in a most elaborate work
covering the whole ground, and is expressed in
language more terse and truthful than I have
met elsewhere. In the classification of the
rights of freemen he places that of unrestricted
emigration with that of the choice of a pursuit
or. profession, or those which relate to the
development of the faculties of man, ana
which, for that reason, cannot be taken trom
nor conferred upon him. Upon that subject
he uses these most potent words: ....
"Tho right of free emigration is the preeminent
rfohfctho" °inines ' of every freeman agamst tho
consolidated power of the btate.
