3846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
Mr. PAINE. I move to strike out " $10,-
000*' and insert $5,000." I hope the House
will agree to I hat.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I do not
 sree to that amendment. I do not see the
necessity for it.
Mr. PAINE. Gentlemen say if I do not
make a speech they will adopt the amendment
and then concur in the amendment of the
Senate.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to j and the Senate amendment, as
amended, was concurred in.
Sixty-third amendment:
Insert the following as anadditional section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That tho Com-
inistumor of Patents be authorized to rent, under
the direction of the Committees on Patents of the
donate and of the House of Representatives, such
rooms asrnay be necessary forthospeedy nnd conve-
nient transaction of tho business of the office, and to
pay for tho same out oi tho patent fund.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred iu.
Sixty-fourth amendment:
In«ert the following as an additional ccction :
Sec.—. Ihit further enacted, That thccity ot'Georgc-
town, the cify 'it Washington, and tho levy court of
the county of Washington, District of Columbia, be,
and they nro hereby, authorized to lovy and collect
a special tax on the taxable property within their
respective jurisdictions, lor tho ercction of {-chool-
liousi's and tho support of nublie schools, not exceed-
ing filty cents on each £100 for anyone year, to bo
asso-icd and collected as other taxes.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in..
Sixty-fifth amendment:
Insert the following as an additional section :
Si:c.—. And be. itfuither cn'ftcd, That all laws and
parts of law.* that r ;;ul >te the piice ot labor in the
Government Punting Ofiice bo, and tho same are
hereby, ropoalod ; j nd it shall be the duty of the
Congressional Printer to contract with tho persons
in thai employment at such prices as are for tho
interest of tho Government, and are just to those
employed.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concuirence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixty-sixili amendment:
Add the following as a new section :
Skc. —. And be \t furtherennet<'d, Thatfor tho pur-
Wse of executing the fourth article ot tho treaty of
nshingron. concluded on tho 9th day of August,
1842, tho S< cretary of the Tteasui v is hereby author-
ized and directed to pay to ilio State of Maine for
mncty-ono thousand one hundred and twenty-five
acres of hind assigned by said State to settlors under
said article, a sum equal to $1 25 per acre; and to
the Commonwealth of Massachusetts for iwenty-Mx
timusand one hundred and filry acres of land a sum
equal to $1 23 per acre : /*rovided, That before said
sums ai c paid tile f'tate.; of Maine a nd Massachusetts
shall acrcc with the United States that the settleis
upon their public lands in the late disputed terri-
toiy in Maine entitled to be quieted in their posses-
sion, as ascertained by commissions heretofore insti-
tuted by said States, shall have been or shall bo
quieted by a release of the title of the said Stales.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I would
like to know from the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts whether that State did not assign all
her interest in this land to the State of Maine
or to the railroads within that State?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the House will notconcur in that amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsyl vania. I move
to amend the amendment by striking out the
following words:
Anil to the Commonwealth of Massachusetts for
twenty-six tliou<aniiion<> hundred and fifty acres of
land a sum equal to $1 25 per acre.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to make a plain statement of the facts relating
to tliis matter which compelled the judgment
of the committee in their report in its favor.
By the conventional line established by what
is known as the " Ashburton treaty" two sev-
eral parcels of land were taken frotn the juris-
diction of the treating parties. One from
Maine, which was added to New Brunswick,
and the other came into Maine from New
Brunswick by the line of the treaty. The same
line running westward gave large amounts of
land to New Hamphire, Vermont, and New
York, and four million acres to the United
States northwest of Lake Superior. By the
fifth article of the treaty Maine was to have a
certain specific sum for the land taken from
her domain that was given to New Brunswick.
By the fourth article of the treaty the United
States agreed to quiet the titles of the British
settlers and maintain them thereon on the land
which came within the jurisdiction of that State
from the territory of New Brunswick. The
United States could not do that without the
consent of the States of Maine and Massachu-
setts because by establishing the line it was
declared that this land was the property of those
States. Maine and Massachusetts therefore
have undertaken to quiet the titles of these
British settlers upon the State lands according
to the terms of the treaty as soon as tho United
States will perform its part of the con tract under
the treaty by giving to these States the ordinary
price of public lands, namely, $1 25 per acre
for the lands which they must give up to these
settlers to carry out the terms of the treaty.
The States thus will give titles to these settlers
which the United States by the Ashburton treaty
agreed to give, but which the Government had
not the power to do without the action of the
Stages who owned the land, and therefore
the Government must in fact buy these lands
of the States to fulfill its treaty stipulations.
This question has been pending now twenty-
three years. Estates of deceased persons can-
not now be settled in that territory. Land
titles cannot be passed. Improvements are
stopped simply because these titles cannot be
quieted. This question has been before Con-
gress very frequently. There are eight several
lepoitsof committees in its favor. The claim
has four times passed the Senate. There has
never been a majority report of a committee
against it, though there lias been a very able
minority report. There cannot be a report
against it with any show of justice. The rea-
son why we have not been able to get a hear-
ing belore in this House is that being a claim
calling for an appropriation of money, and
therefore contained in an appropriation bill,
it has always come before the House iu the
last hours of the session, and has failed to be
acted upon ; and so, never having been open
for discussion, it has not yet passed. But
every committee that has examined the sub-
ject has reported in favor of the payment of
the claim.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. A single
question. 1 had but one moment to look at
it; but in one of these reports I could not find
that they gave anything to Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. When
Massachusetts gave up the district of Maine to
be a Slate she had certain public lands in com-
mon with Maine, so that a portion of her lands
were taken at the same time that the lands of
.Maine were taken. The United States have
already admitted the justice of this claim by
paying for the title of a township and one half
of these lands which had been granted before
the treaty. They settled for and paid for the
land, the title to which did not stand either in
Maine or Massachusetts. But for tho land, the
title to which stood in Maine and Massachu-
setts, has not been paid for by the United
States, although gone to their benefit in carry-
ing out their treaty with Great Britain accord-
ing to its terms. Now, I appeal to the justice
of this House, to which 1 trust no man will
ever appeal in vain, to give to Maine and Mas-
sat husei ts this money to which they are entit led,
so that they may be enabled to quiet those
titles.
Now, in regard to the question of the gen-
tleman fiom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevexs,]
whether Massachusetts has not assigned her
portion of this money to a railroad company,
and therefore he has made his motion to strike
out the Massachusetts portion, 1 appeal to his
fairness if this money belongs to Massachusetts
will he not allow Massachusetts to do what she
pleases with it ? What, has Massachusetts done
with it? With her accustomed liberality, with
her usual public spirit, she has devoted this
amount and much more to building a line of
railroad inter-communication between the Brit-
ish provinces and the United States, ati iron
band to bind them to ns and to bring them in
sooner or later as a part of our territory. And
is that action of hers to be raised as ail objec-
tion against her or against Maine in this House
of Representatives as a reason why either of
them should not have what is their just right?
Massachusetts, instead of desiring the money
from our Treasury to help pay her burdens of
debt arising out of the war, which debt she
counts by millions—although this money is her
juft due,"for which she has waited twenty-three
years—she only desires it, for the purpose of
contributing it to aid a great line of public im-
provement between the United States and the
British provinces. Will you not give her her
own, that with it she may benefit you?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wasnot
able to concur with the nominal majority of
the Committee on Appropriations in recom-
mending a concurrence in this amendment of
the Senate. My fir.->t reason was that it was a
private claim in favor of a State on an appro-
priation bill, and against every just rule of
legislation. We have, I think, invariably cut
off all private claims from our appropriation
bills, for the reason that it is unfair to give one
claimant the advantage over another, which he
would have by putting his claim upon an appro-
priation bill. Nov/, here are Maine and Massa-
chusetts with an old claim which, according to
the statement of my friend from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Bittler,] is of twenty-three years'
standing; a claim which Congress has refused
to pay over and over again. This claim is
now thrust upon an appropriation bill, and we
are asked to pass it.
Mr. PETERS. When did Congress ever
refuse to pay this claim ? The gentleman says
Congress has refused over and over again to
oav it. Will lie state when ?
' Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, we
have not paid it: we have refused to pay it by
not paying it. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Bl'tler] says there have been eight
reports in favor of this claim. Well, sir, all
those reports have not been able to convince
the Senate and House both together that this
claim was just and proper and ought to be
paid. I will not go into the merits of this
claim, because I have not time for it, although
my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Ortii,] while a
member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
of the last Congress, made a conclusive report
against the justice of the whole matter. I pro-
test against putting on this appropriation bill
this private claim iu favor of the States of
Maine and Massachusetts ; hence I am against
concurring in this amendment of the Senate.
I now yield the remainder of my time to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Ortii.]
Mr. ORTII. It must be apparent to every
member of this House that in the coarse of
two or three minutes, or even five minutes 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has two
minutes of the remaining time of the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Washbubse.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will move
to^ amend the amendment, and yield my five
minutes to the gentleman from Indiana.
lhe SPEAKER. There is now pending an
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. WASEIBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
will be withdrawn.
JMr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I will
withdraw my amendment to the amendment
if the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Outh]
will renew it.
Mr. ORTII. I will renew the amendment
to the amendment. It is utterly impossible,
in the space of five minutes, to give anything
like a correct history of this claim I think
my attention was first called to it some two
years ago in connection with a bill which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
I hat bill had the specious title of 4tA bill to
provide for the defense of the northeastern
boundary of Maine." Upon examining the
