•1798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
That, sir, is the truth. The right of emigra-
tion is the preeminent right, the supreme right,
of a freeman, the only means left liim of resist-
ing oppression or of protesting against the con-
crete or consolidated power of Government.
I think, then, that in this bill the inherent
natural right of an American citizen to leave
his country, if lie pleases, and settle elsewhere
is stated with sufficient clearness to satisfy any
doubts of gentlemen on that subject.
There is one other topic of this nature to
which I will refer for a moment. The first
section of the bill declares that any opinion,
instruction, order, or declaration emanating
from the Government which denies, impairs,
or restricts this inherent and natural right is
inconsistent with the principles on which our
Government is founded, and is for that reason
to be held invalid and without authority. Dif-
ferent opinions have been expressed heretofore
On this subject by the judicial and political
officers of the Government; but they arc easily
reconciled with the facts us they stand and
with the principlesnow presented to the House.
And, Mr. Speaker, I beg gentlemen will
consider that the subject before ns is the most
novel, the most delicate, as well as difficult
subject of legislation. The opinions which
have been expressed by officers of the Govern-
ment heretofore are perfectly consistent with
the doctrines which I have now asserted; and
if I were called upon to act under the same
circumstances I should be compelled to make
the same declarations made by them. It arises
from the fact that there are two distinct and
different classes of cases wheie the Govern-
ment is called upon to give its opinion. One is
■where the individuals, naturalized citizens,
natives of Germany or Ireland, apply to the
Government for advice, to know whether it
will be safe for them to go to their native
country. The abstract, principle which I have
Stated would justify the opinion that, being a
citizen of the United States, it ought to be,
and would be, safe for him to visit his native
country or any other land, if he respected its
laws, and that he would be protected in his
rights as a citizen. But the Secretary of State,
whoso duty it is to keep himself informed of
the condition of legislation of the different
countries, must advise our citizens how far
it may be safe for them to exorcise the rights
we. claim for them. The advice given to them
turns upon a question of fact. It is not a mat-
ter of theory. Is it safe for them to visit the
countries in which they were born? If not, it
is immaterial what theories we may hold upon
this subject, or what opinions might be avowed,
in the discussion with the officers of foreign
Governments upon this subject. If they can-
not safely travel in foreign countries, the
officers of the Government must so advise
them; and this is the explanation of all dif-
ferences of opinion among officers of the
Government upon this subject, and with this
explanation all the apparently conflicting opin-
ions will be found to harmonize with each
other. If called upon to advise a citizen
they notify him of the facts and counsel him
to look to his safety. If, in correspondence
with the foreign Governments, they deny the
rights assumed by them and assert the rights
of naturalized American citizens, as based
upon natural and public law, no alternative is
left thorn. There is not a member of this
House that, under the same conditions, would
not give the same advice, and support, by
similar reasoning, the same opinions.
One other suggestion, sir, on this subject, and
I will leave that part of the bill. The second
section is the sameasthe first clause of the first
section of the bill heretofore reported by the
committee for the consideration of the House,
ft declares that all naturalized citizens of the
United States \jhile in foreign States shall be
entitled to and shall receive from this Govern-
ment the same protection of persons and prop-
erty that is accorded to native-born citizens in
like situation and circumstances.
The conclusion of that section referring to
executive negotiation and providing certain
exceptions to the operation of the statute has
been omitted, first, for the reason that it was
not essential to the section, and secondly, in
compliance with the opinion expressed in the
House that it was not advisable to make at this
time exceptions to the operation of a general
principle of law when it was not necessary to
the proper execution of that law.
It is hoped that within a reasonable time
this question will be settled between foreign
Governments and the United States to the en-
tire satisfaction of our people. I am more con-
fident of this now than ever before, and I be-
lieve the settlement, when made, will be sub-
stantially upon the principles presented by the
committee in their first bill.
It is an old axiom, and a very wise one, that
who demands justice must be willing to render
justice. If wo demand recognition of our laws
on the part of other Governments when that
demand is in conflict with their interest and
their legislation we must make such exceptions
as justice requires. Such were the exceptions
provided for the first bill, but as they were not
indispensable to its successful operation, and
not altogether in conformity with opinions of
gentlemen here, we very cheerfully'omit them
now. These can be provided for at other times
and by other means.
There is one other provision of this bill which
wo regard as an indispensable provision of
legislation upon this subject. From the founda-
tion of the Government, now nearly eighty
years ago, there has been much discussion, fre-
quent negotiation, some fruitless legislation,
at least one war, and some dangers of others
upon this subject. But, sir, there has never
been an attempt to embody in a legislative act
the American theory upon the subject of ex-
patriation coupled with any principle of action
that would compel other nations to consider
and decide upon the claims we presented to
them. It has always been considered as an in-
herent, natural right notto be interfered with on
our part, and other nations have claimed for
themselves the same exclusive right of manag-
ing their own affairs in this regard. This disre-
gard or denial ofthe rights of naturalized Ameri-
can citizens arises from the fact that every nation
has the exclusive right to manage its own
municipal affairs. The municipal affairs of one
Government, cannot be controlled by the people
of another Government. Our legislation is in
harmony with the theory of our Government,
and theirs is in harmony with the theory of
their institutions. " Every Government has the
right to regulate its municipal affaiis for itself,
and, therefore, we had nothing to do but to
submit to the legislation which we had not
the power to direct or control." Such was, sub-
stantially, the declaration of Lord Palmerston
to Mr. Bancroft in 1849.
Gentlemen 011 the other side of the House,
when this question was first presented, declared
to me in conversation that they could sustain
110 act which undertook to control in any degree
whatever the municipal legislation of other
countries, or which was intended to have an
extra territorial influence or effect. Of coursc
the committee would not be so unwise as to
propose any legislation of that kind. But after
negotiations for seventy-nine years, which have
constantly failed, wc are left now exactly where
we were when the question was first presented.
It is apparent that the action of the Govern-
ment, whatever it may be, must be accom-
panied by some principle or power which will
be able to produce an effect upon the legisla-
tion of other countries or the action of other
Governments in reference to the rights of our
naturalized citizens.
What are the powers necessary to affect legis-
lation? They are: first, negotiation ; second,
remonstrance ; third, arbitration ; fourth, com-
promise ; fifth, non-intercourse; sixth, em-
bargo; seventh, retaliation; eighth, general
reprisal; and ninth, war. These are the only
powers by which we can impress or influence
the Governments of other nations 111 regard to
the recognition of the rights which we claim
and assert on behalf of our citizens.
Now, sir, they are all impracticable except
one, and that has not been named. We
cannot hope to negotiate with any successful
result, because we have tried that for seventy-
nine years in vain. It is useless to remon-
strate, because we have done that with as little
success for the same length of time. We can-
not submit to arbitration, because every Gov-
ernment of Europe by its very constitution is
wedded to, and by its legislation has recog-
nized, a contrary and opposite theory to that
which we claim as right. We cannot compro-
mise, because our rights admit of no compro-
mise. It is a subject that stands by itself
alone. It involves the independence of the
Government as well as the dearest rights of its
citizens. We cannot, therefore, consent to
compromise it in any way whatever. And,
sir, if the treaty which it is said the Govern-
ment of Prussia has negotiated with the
American minister shall be found to have
compromised in any essential respect the
grand principle for which we contend, that of
tree emigration, the people of the United
States, without regard to party and without
exception, will be compelled to disapprove
that treaty. Compromise is, therefore, out of
the question.
We cannot avail ourselves of the right of
embargo to which nations may resort in great
foreign or American vessels is that it cuts off
emergencies. The objection to an embargo of
all commercial intercourse with other nations.
The principle of non-intercourse is of the same
character. We not only lose the advantage of
commerce with other countries, but we preclude
our citizens from many other advantages, the
enjoyment of which is not perhaps indispensa-
ble to our happiness or prosperity as a na-
tion, but which cannot be surrendered without
very great loss to the individuals and to the
public. It places us also in this peculiar posi-
tion ; if the United States declares an embargo
or non-intercourse with other Governments we
shut ourselves off from communication with all
the European States with which,'up to the
present time we are commercially connected,
and there is 110 other Government that suffers
an interruption of communication with any
other Government than that of the United
States. We therefore lose our connection
with other parts of the world, while every other
Government loses its connection with this
country alone.
Besides, sir, public opinion and public inter-
est have much to do with the question. We
could not declare an embargo or non-inter-
course with other nations without arraying the
whole business interest of the country against
us. Every man will see at once that the dis-
turbed commercial relations, the serious inter-
ruption of the industrial interests of the country,
would cause a general outcry against a policy
for which there was no imperative necessity.
We cannot avail ourselves even of this ordi-
nary resource of nations called upon to defend
their rights or to compel settlement of the
claims made against other Governments.
Then, sir, let me say that retaliation is not
open to us. Retaliation is not in accord with
the spirit of the age. It belongs to other
times and other nations. Gentlemen, in de-
bating this question, have confounded the doc-
trine of retaliation with that of reprisals. Re-
taliation would give to every citizen of the Uni-
ted States the right to make war on his own
account against the people and the property
of any other nation with which wc should beat
war whenever the right of retaliation should be
asserted. The doctrines of general reprisals are
liable to the same objections. It is an obsolete,
harsh, and unnecessary measure. It has been
abandoned by civilized nations, and I venture
to say that even if we were engaged in a war
with Great Britain—which, I am glad to say,
we are not likely to be—even then, the system
of general reprisals, as known to the law of
nations, would not be resorted to.
The doctrine of reprisals, which has re-
ceived the. favorable consideration of the com-
mittee, and which is embodied in the bill now
