414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
under the effects of delirium tremens; and that
■was the condition of the country at the closc
of the war. Now gentlemen say that the liquor
must be stopped instantly, and that this poor,
miserable wretch must not have another drink.
Perhaps a physician might say so; but my im-
pression is that the patient in that event would
inevitably die; he must have a stimulant.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Nobody has said that
we should come to specie payments instanta-
neously.
Mr. HENDERSON. Perhaps I am wrong.
I thought somebody said so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Nobody has intimated
anything of that kind.
Mr. HENDERSON. You mean to say that
you did not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Nobody in this Cham-
ber has said so.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have heard gentle-
men assert that we are in a condition to resume
specie payments to-day, and that it ought to be
done by a fiat of this Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish simply to say
to the Senator that when I discuss these ques-
tion and speak to what gentlemen say I mean
the gentlemen who have the matttif under con-
sideration here and not what you may read in
the newspapers or hear out of doors. We are
not responsible here for what A, B, C, or D
may choose to assert outside.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am not surely hold-
ing the Senator responsible, nor was I directing
what I said to him; nor do I know*why he
should consider that I had any reference to
him at all. I certainly can refer to the fact
that there is a sentiment prevailing, even with
a few individuals it may be,'that the country
must be driven to the resumption of specie
payments all at once. I am not inclined to
think that it is going to benefit the community
to undertake it. Indeed I think it will almost
destroy the country to do it.
Mr. FESSENBEN. Nobody proposes to
do it.
Mc. HENDERSON. Why not, then, pass
this bill?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The reason is that
this abandons the idea even of any contraction
and return to specie payments at all.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not think so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am in favor of re-
turning to specie payments, but I am not in
favor of leaving this power at present with the
Secretary of the Treasury. However much
confidence I may have in his sagacity andliis
ability as a finance minister, I am not at the
present time even willing to leave this power in
his hands. The country demands confidence,
and that confidence can only be restored by
Congress saying that the currency must be
left as it now is at least. If there is to be no
expansion let there be no contraction. The
business men of the country demand it. I
speak for my own particular section, the west-
ern part of the country, and more especially
for my own State, and I have no business
going outside of it in all probability; but I
am satisfied that the business of that State
demands that we shall not further contract
the currency at present.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes. sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the Senator think
we can return to specie payments so that we
can pay these legal tenders in coin when pre-
sented for payment without some further con-
traction?
Mr. HENDERSON. That involves the
whole question of finance, and at the appro-
priate time I may be disposed to go into that
question, but surely not on this little bill to-
day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely asked for the
Senator's opinion; that was all.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have views, and
perhaps fixed views, on'that subject; but surely
I would not go_ into that question to-day on a
measure of this character—a measure which,
in my judgment and the judgment of other Sen-
ators who have addressed the Senate, a major-
ity of this body demand, and a majority, I am
satisfied, of th  people demand. Therefore, I
leave the question of the Senator to some
more appropriate time. I am satisfied the
public debt can be paid. Whether it or any
part of it ought to be paid immediately is an-
other question. I believe that no part of the
principal ought to be paid at present, and that
we ought to agree to pay this public debt in
coin and reduce the rate of interest within the
limit of the ability of the people of this coun-
try to pay. _ That is my judgment about it; and
when that is done the country will go to work,
business will revive, and they will determine
to pay the interest and principal, and it will
be done in the proper time.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I do not
concur in the remark made by the chairman
of the Committee 011 Finance, the Senator
from Ohio, that he did not regard this bill as
very important, because the Secretary of the
Treasury had intimated that he would not
retire any portion of the currency perhaps dur-
ing this winter or until Congress had acted on
the subject. As long as the question of retir-
ing the currency is left to the discretion of the
Secretary of the Treasury or to any one man
the policy of the country cannot be said to be
settled. What the business*men of this coun-
try want to know is what the policy of this
country is going to be for the coming year or
two. They want to know on whg,t to calculate
in the way of business. The $4,000,000 that
might be retired this month or next month,
perhaps, might not be very important. They
want an established policy for the business of
1808 and the business of 1869.
Now, sir, there is much financial embarrass-
ment and trouble throughout the country, and
there is a general conviction on the part of the
great body of business men, not only through-
out the Northwest, but in the East, that this
embarrassment is largely owing to the con-
traction of the currency. For this large body
of public opinion I have a great respect. The
concurrence of so many .thousand' intelligent
men, who have devoted their time and atten-
tion to financial questions—many of them read-
ing and thinking about these things quite as
much as any Senator on this floor—the eon-
currence of so many thousand minds in the
opinion that our financial embarrassment is
largely due to the contraction of the currency
is, in my opinion, entitled to great considera-
tion : and 1 think that that large body of pub-
lic opinion is wiser than the opinion of any one
man, be he who he may.
It was stated by the Senator from Maine, for
whose opinion I have great respect, that if we
resolve to discontinue the contraction of the
currency it is the indefinite postponement of a
return to specie payments. I do not regard it
in that light. If I thought so I should not
vote for this bill. I am not one of those who
believe that an irredeemable paper currency
can be continued in this country indefinitely
or for a generation. I believe that an end
must come to that, and that we shall be com-
pelled, and we shall find it to our interest as
soon as we can, to return to a healthy, sound
specie basis.
^ The question was asked by the Senator from
V ermont [Mr. Edmunds] whether it was ne-
cessary that we should further contract the cur-
rency in order to arrive at specie payments.
I do not hesitate to give my opinion, poor as
it is, on that subject, that we can return to
specie payments without the further contrac-
tion of the currency, and that we cannot return
to specie payments simply by a contraction of
the currency without producing almost univer-
sal commercial bankruptcy and ruin. I should
like to have the opinion of the Senator from
Maine 011 this question, whether we are to
return to specie payments by continuing to
contract the legal-tender currency until it is
all taken up—whether it is his idea of return-
ing to specie payments to continue this con-
traction until all is gone. ,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not suppose it is
necessary to take up the last dollar of it, but I
suppose it will be necessary to so reduce the
obligations the Treasury may be called upon
to pay that it will be ready at any time to
meet the claims upon it with gold, which I
think it will not be as long as it remains in its
present condition.
Mr. MORTON. I cannot say that the an-
swer iff' very satisfactory. I should like to
know how far we are to contract, and how far
we are to diminish the currency before we can
probably return to specie payments, in the
opinion of the Senator?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would depend
entirely on the condition and power ot the
Treasury at the time, which neither I can
foresee nor the Senator. It would depend on
the condition of things in the country. No-
body can now fix exactly the time nor say
what amount of reduction should take place
to bring about that result.
Mr. MORTON. I believe that we cannot
reason in regard to what it will require to
return to specie payments now by the condi-
tion of the country before the war.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
a question. Do you believe that the Treasury
at present, if we should by law say there should
be specie paid at once, could do it?
Mr. MORTON. No, sir; I do not believe
that is the method of returning to specie pay-
ments.
I was remarking that I believe we require
more currency now to conduct the business of
the country than before the war. The enor-
mous revenues that have to be collected, the
increase of business, and the rapidity of the
increase of our ■population, I believe, make it
necessary that we shall have from two to three
hundred millions more of currency than we had
before the war. When I see articles or read
speeches in which the amount of currency prior
to the war is referred to as being the basis to
which we shall have to come back before we
can return to specie payments I regard that
argument as unsound. We-cannot return to
specie payments at once. I am of the opinion
that there should be a definite time fixed in the
future when the country will return to specie
payments, so that the country may understand
it and work upon it. The period lixed should
be such as to give reasonable time for a fair
resumption of business North and South; it
should give time for good crops; it should give
time for reconstruction ; and if I had the fixing
of the time I would not say a day earlier than
the 1st of January, 1871, and perhaps that may
be too soon; but I believe that when we do
return to specie payments it will be by fixing
a time in the future, and that the value of our
legal-tender notes will gradually appreciate to
par. It cannot be done at once ; but I believe
it can be done in that way with the amount of
gold on hand that is ordinarily supposed to be
necessary for the purpose of meeting a paper
circulation.
I believe this can be done without a further
contraction of the currency; that the further
contraction of the paper currency of the coun-
' try can be deferred until the time when we do.
return to specie payments, and it will then
take place by the act of return. To-day gold
and silver are not a part of the currency any
more than horses ana cattle. They are articles
of merchandise. But 011 the day that we return
to specie payments we shall add all the gold
and silver in the country to the currency of the
country, and we shall inflate it to the amount
of from two hundred and fifty to three hun-
dred and fifty millions on that very day. We
shall on that day add all the gold and silver
in the country to the currency of the country,
and increase the volume of currency to that
extent, whatever it may be; and then we can
retire a portion of our paper currency, and still
maintain an equilibrium as to the volume of
currency, a part of it then consisting of gold
and silver.
But, sir, in my judgment the country will not
now bear the further contraction of the cur-
