1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GXOBE.
415
rency. We have not recovered from the effects
of the war. We cannot be governed simply
by theory, but we must recognize the facts of
the ease. One great cause of the present
depression in the business of the nation arises
from the fact that we ha-'e paid nearly five
hundred million dollars of the national debt
since the 1st of August, 1365. Nearly five
hundred million dollars have been extorted
from the people by way of taxes in payment
of the national debt, a policy that has been ,
most ruinous and disastrous in my opinion, i
We should be in far better condition to-day if j
we had simply paid the interest on that amount, j
or had only paid a small portion of it. But, j
tir, when we came to take $500,000,000 from
the people—exhausted from the war, worn ;
out; to take $500,000,000 from the loyal
States over and above the vast amount re-
quired to carry on the Government, to keep
up the Army and the Navy, to pay pensions
and bounties, and all the current expenses of
the cpuntry—it was more than the people could
bear; and when we propose to add to that the
continued contraction of the currency at a time
when the people demand relief, we need not
expect anything but commercial distress and
perhaps ruin. The country demands that we
shall suspend the further contraction of the
currency. The great body of business men,
in whose opinions I have the utmost confi-
dence, far more than I have in my own; men
who hare studied finance for years, far more
than I have, or perhaps any Senator oa this
lloor engaged in general politics—the great
body of those men concur in the opiniou that
we ought at once to stop the contraction of the
currency. Sir, we shotfld heed that opinion.
We should take into consideration the cir-
cumstances of the country. We should look
to the present as well as the future, and to the
practical operation of wlPat may in theory be
good, and not allow practical evil to flow from
theoretical good.
It was said by the Senator from Nevada
that the passage of this bill would be regarded
as a vote of censure against the Secretary of
the Treasury. I do not regard it in that light.
We have a right to curtail the discretionary
power of any officer without reflecting upon
that officer. We have a right to fix the
administration of the finances by law without
reflecting upon the integrity or the capacity of
the Secretary of the Treasury. The Secretary
of the Treasury is wise in financial matters,
but he is not wiser than all the business men
of this country, and they protest almost with
one voice against having the further adminis-
tration of the currency left absolutely in the
hands of one man. I think, therefore, sir, it
is due to the country that we should pass this
bill without any further delay.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I do not. know
when I ever attempted to say anything upon a
question pending before the Senate with more
reluctance than I now rise to say a few words
on this bill. I had no intention of partici-
pating in the debate, and I should not do so
now but for the very peculiar reason that the
Senator from Maine has stated here so emphat-
ically and so irresistibly to my mind the real,
fundamental principle upon which I believe
the finances of the country should be adminis-
tered, that I cannot allow myself to be put in
the attitude of dissenting from anything he
said; and yet while I subscribe with my whole
heart and with my whole mind and with my
best judgment to the principle he has laid down.
I feel compelled to vote for this bill.
Mr. President, if I regarded this bill as
nothing more than a bill to prevent the con-
traction of the currency, in which light it is
spoken of almost exclusively, I might hesitate
whether I would go for it or not; but I regard
it as something very much more than that.
The law which this bill proposes to repeal or
to suspend the operation of I look upon very
differently from a law just to authorize a con-
traction of the currency. It seems to me, on
the contrary, to be a law authorizing the levy
of a large tax annually upon the people of
to-day to discharge the public debt; and I do
not think the people of to-day are equal to
meeting that taxation or able to bear it. This
country can, in case of necessity, yield very
large revenues even upon the system on which
your revenues are assessed and collected, i
which I think unequal and unjust. In case of !
necessity they can return, and have returned, !
an immense revenue to the country; but I ;
think it must be manifest to every man of
common sense that they can pay a great deal
more into the Treasury under a system of
laws which disburses it again to the country
than they can under a law which authorizes it
to be destroyed in the Treasury. The trouble
with this act which you now propose to sus-
pend the operation of seems to me to be that
it authorized the collection of a very heavy tax,
and authorized the Secretary of the Treasury
to destroy the proceeds of that tax to wipe it
out. You did not release or lessen taxation,
but were drying up the very means and re-
sources out of which taxes are to be paid, thus
imposing a double burden upon the people at
the same time.
I do not think that the people of this year
or of the next, just issued as they are from a
terrible struggle, a most exhausting struggle,
ought to be called upon to pay any large pro-
portion of the existing debt. I do not think
they ought to pay a dollar more than the in-
terest of that debt for this year, for the next
year, or possibly for several years to come.
When business has again resumed its normal
condition then it will be time enough to take
measures to reduce the principal of the public
debt. If we of to-day can pay the interest on
what we owe and honestly discharge the cur-
rent expenses of the Government 1 think that
is all we ought to do. But in addition to that
we have, under the bill which we now propose
to repeal, authorized the payment of about
fifty million dollars a year ; and in addition to
! that we have required the payment of a large
} amount of the accruing debt in the shape of
| compound-interest notes.
|- Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Funding the
i notes would not pay the debt.
Mr. IIOWE. No, of course not; but we
have not funded those notes,
i Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely de-
sire to say to the Senator from Wisconsin that
the provision of the law proposed to be repealed
does not authorize the payment of atiy portion
of the public debt; that retiring the $4,000,000
a month of these notes can be accomplished
without paying a dollar of the public debt, for
there is a right on the part of the holders of
these notes to obtain bonds for them, and they
couldobtain bonds fo them. and thus be retired.
Mr. IIOWE. Mr. President, I am really
taken by surprise at the remark made by
the Senator from Vermont, for I have looked
' upon that act as an act which practically
1 required the payment of the public debt and
did extinguish these notes. I have not had
time to read the act, but I do not understand
! that it authorizes the holders of these notes to
convert them into interest-paying bonds.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No; not that
act.
Mr. HOWE. Nor that any act authorizes
the holders of these notes to convert them into
interest-paying bonds, but that the Secretary
of the Ireasury may at the current rates of
bonds change them for notes. Is that so ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Secre-
j tary of the Treasury can pay for these notes
by bonds, if he chooses.
Mr. HOWE. But at the current rates?
; Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes.
! Mr. HOWE. Not at the par of bonds?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, I think
not.
Mr. HOWE. No, Mr. President; and that
is my difficulty with the act. Sir, the only
financier, the only master of finance under
whom I ever studied was Wilkins Micawber,
Esq. [Laughter.] Mr. Micawber had a re-
markable facility for contracting debts. That
has characterized the "United States for the
past few years. Mr. Micawber had but a lim-
ited faculty for paying debts. That is another
characteristic that 1 have noticed in the United
States for several years past. Mr. Micawber
was an honorable man, an honorable debtor.
So I hope the United States will turn out to he,
as so far it has appeared to be. When Mr.
Micawber met his creditor, without any of the
coin of the realm in his pocket, he met him
like a man and gave him his 10 U, and dis-
charged the debtl The United States has
practiced upon the same principle so far. We
were obliged to contract debts that we could
not discharge in anything like money. We
had got to employ something that whs not
money, somebody's credit, and we did as
Micawber did—we gave our creditors our
I O U. We gave them our notes of hand;
and every note that every one of you holds in
his pocket, and I hope your pockets are full,
[laughter,] is acertiticate of the United States
that you have advanced the amount of that
note to the United States Government over
and above the proportion that was required of
you under the tax laws of the country. But
Mr. Micawber lacked one facility, for circulat-
ing his paper, whiifh theGovernment possessed.
His creditors wero perfectly willing to take his
notes because they could get nothing else.
Our creditors were willing to take our notes
for the same reason. But Mr. Micawber could
not enable his creditors to circulate his notes
as money. We did effect that. We enabled
our creditors, whom we compelled to take our
notes, to pass them to their creditors and use
them as money.
Mr. President, I thought the United States
were acting upon a sound principle ; I thought
the course they took was the only course open
to them ; but it will be borne in mind that
when they first commenced the issuing of this
paper the amount was controlled by one idea,
and that was that they never would issue a
dollar of legal-tender notes when they could
borrow the notes ; in other words, t^at all the
notes they issued should be convertible into
] interest-paying bonds. If the country were
ready at any time to loan the Government the
j means to meet its engagements at a fair rate
j of interest the Government was willing to
j borrow; but when the country could not loan
at a fair rate of interest the country would do
like Micawber and issue its notes. That was
| a fair principle, and if we had kept sight of it
until this time 1 do not think our finances would
be in so embarrassed a condition as they are
to-day. But unfortunately, to use the figure
recently employed by the Senator from Mis-
souri, although we did commence by floating thd
Jponded debt of the country on to the country,
we did not stop floating when we had reached the
highest lock, so to speak. W e kept on issuing
these notes after the country preferred not to
take them and after the country wished to
loan them to the Government, when we might
have borrowed them at a rate of interest which
we agreed it was fair to pay. Hence, and from
this cause you see to-day that it takeg from
one hundred and eight to one hundred and
twelve dollars of the national notes which do
not bear interest to buy $100 of the national
notes which do bear interest. I do not think
that is fair. If this law which you now pro-
pose to suspend had authorized every man hold-
ing these notes to turn them into the interest-
paying bonds of the Government I think it
would have been a just and honest thing; but
that of itself would be a destructive measure
while you have another statute upon your
books which restricts by an iron rule the
amount of paper circulation which can come
from your banks.
The Senator from Ohio said that he thought
the Secretary of the Treasury ought not to be
authorized to restrict or to control the amount
of circulation. I agree with him, but I think
that Congress ought no more to be authorized
to do it than the Secretary of the Treasury.
Neither of them should do it. The law, in
my judgment, ought to fix the condition upon
which the first dollar of paper should be
