1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2-828
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Because, if that be so,
then it seems to me an officer appointed with
these simple powers which the law, as it now
exists, gives him, and with reference to the
execution only of those powers, might not be
a proper person to execute the enlarged pow-
ers which this bill proposes to give. And if I
were to express my own opinion of the present
Commissioner I would say he was not the person
to exercise the power which I understand the
gentleman to say this bill confers upon that
officer : and I am very glad to know what I do
in regard to the powers proposed to be con-
ferred from what I have learned of the gen-
tleman.
Mr. NIBLACK. I was about remarking
that if these extraordinary powers are to be
intrusted to any officer, it certainly ought to be
to the head of some Department directly and
intimately connected with the administration
of the Government.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What I desired to in-
quire particularly was whether, if these powers
are given to the Commissioner, the present
Commissioner is to be fastened by the law itself
upon the administration of the law, so that
he becomes the executor of these additional
powers?
Mr. NIBLACK. I will answer the gentle-
man's question in the course of what I am
about to say. The head of this department
ought certainly to be brought, in close contact
with the heads of the other Departments of
the Government, ought to have their advice
and assistance, and ought to be required to
report to the President of the United States
from time to time what he is doing as much as
the head of any other Department of the Gov-
ernment. Sir, no officer under this Govern-
ment ever had such powers and such patronage
conferred upon him as this bill proposes to
confer on this Commissioner of Internal llev-
enue. They are almost imperial powers, lie
may, with, I believe, one exception, appoint and
remove any officer connected with the internal
revenue at his pleasure and without supervis-
ion or restraint. In this respect his powers are
absolutely despotic.
Mr. WOOD. With the permission of the
gentleman from Indiana, as he is a member of
the Committee of Ways and Means, and is, of
course, familiar with all the provisions of the bill
and with the intention of the bill, I desire to
ask him whether the bill does not continue in
office the present incumbent of the commis-
sionership of internal revenue as against the
President of the United States or the next
President of the United States, and whether the
bill does not continue him in office for life and
only give the President power to fill the vacancy
in case of his death or resignation?
Mr. NIBLACK. it certainly does continue
him in office. When we come to look into the
provisions of the bill erecting this bureau into
an independent department, we find that it con-
tinues the present Commissioner in office at the
same salary as he is now receiving, leaving
liim inferior in point of compensation to the
extent of .some two thousand dollars to the
other heads of Departments, and continuing
him in office, protected by the provisions of the
tenure-of-ofhee bill, the same as collectors and
assessors now are, and which, in my judgment,
creates much of the difficulty that has arisen
on the subject of the collection of the taxes.
It proposes to place this immense power in
the hands of a head of department who is still
to be styled, as he is now, the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, and who is not expected
to be a member of the President's Cabinet.
Another of the peculiarities of this bill is, that
while it legislates out of office everybody con-
nected with the office of the Commisioner of
Internal Revenue, except the Commissioner
himself, it contmueshim in office until he dies or
resigns or is removed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, pro-
vided the tenure-of-office bill shall be held to
be constitutional and binding on the President.
It continues him in office and permits mm to
remove everybody else, and allows him to 1:11
all these offices made vacant by this law except,
perhaps, the office of solicitor of internal rev-
enue. It places substantially the whole power
over this branch of the public business in the
hands of the present Commissioner, who was
nominated and confirmed, not as the head of
a Department, but as the head of a bureau sub-
ordinate to the Secretary of the Treasury.
Well, now, sir, whatever this may be iu point
of fact, it looks too much like fixing thing's up
for the occasion and endeavoring by indirection
to do that about which there might be some dif-
ficulty if it were done in the usual and direct
way.
If we are resolved, or shall resolve, to make
the internal revenue office an independent
department, let us, in the usual and direct
way, authorize the President and the Senate
to place some gentleman at the head of it who
shall be nominated and confirmed with refer-
ence to the extraordinary powers he is required
to perform by this bill.
The only check upon the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue contained in this bill is that
there is to be a solicitor appointed for the
department of internal revenue, who is to be
appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, and who
acts as the law officer of this proposed depart-
ment.
Suppose that Congress should approve of
this feature of the bill, and it shall become a
law, shall we not, or at least may we not, have
many of the same difficulties as between the
President and the Senate and the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue as we already have
if the tenure-of-office bill is still continued in
force ? The President cannot remove the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue except by the
consent of the Senate; and if he should at-
tempt to do so—as he has already attempted
in the case of this very Commissioner—it is
competent for the Senate to decide that he
shall not remove him, and we shall have the
old difficulty again, except that the Secretary
of the Treasury will be out of the way. It does
not remove this difficulty of conflict between the
President and Congress.
So far as I am personally concerned, I have
nothing unkind to say about the present Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. My intercourse
with him has always been of the most friendly
character, and I have found him a courteous
and obliging officer. I have no charges to make
against him here or elsewhere as at present
advised: but it is sufficient for my purpose to
say that he was not appointed, as I have already
intimated, with reference to the immense duties
and responsibilities which will be devolved
upon him by this bill.
Jf the House shall determine to make this
a separate department of the Government, I
shall then insist that lie shall be placed on an
equal footing with all the other heads of Depart-
ments, both in point of rank and in point of
compensation ; and if he is a man of spirit, as
I hope he is, 1 think he will hesitate to under-
take the discharge of the immense trusts con-
fided to him by this bill and at the same time
hold a rank and receive a compensation inferior
to those of the other heads of Departments
charged with the administration ofthis Govern-
ment.
But, sir, I shall not attempt to pursue the
subject further. It is only necessary for me
to call the attention of other gentlemen to it
who can trace it out and follow it up.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If it will not annoy the
gentleman, I should like to ask him a question
or two.
Mr. NIBLACK. I will hear the gentleman's
questions.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire in the first place
to ask, for the purpose of calling his attention
to the subject, whether he recollects the testi-
mony of the present Commissioner, as given
before the Judiciary Committee while investi-
gating the subject of impeachment, and whether
he remembers that the Commissioner was
inquired of with reference to the appointment of
the subordinate otlicers of that department and
how they were affected by the inability of the
President to name those officers and have
them confirmed? I will say to the gentleman,
with his permission, that if he will read the
testimony of Mr. Rollins, he will see that the
whole difficulty which he found in the adminis-
tration of his office resulted from the fact that
he and the Secretary of the Treasury were
unable, with the concurrence of the President,
to name the subordinate officers, and that
losses—which he did not, I must say, estimate
very correctly, because he said he had never
entered into any calculation, but losses that
amounted to millions a year—resulted from his
inability to change officers; and he finally
simmers the whole thing down to this: that
the difficulty resulted from the fact of the
inability of the President to remove these offi-
cers when called upon by liim and by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to do so.
Let me call the attention of the gentleman
from Indiana to some of the questions put to
him and his answers thereto. After testifying
that he was Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, that he was a Republican, and that he
did not agree with the President, this question
was put to him :
" Have you ever in a single case represented to the
President that any incumbent in the revenue ser-
vice was dishonest or incompetent and ought to be
removed V'
Here is his answer, to which I call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Indiana, because
of the remarks made by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means in his opening
speech :
"I have not. It is not the practice, he says, for
tlio head ot a bureau to communicate by letter or
through personal interviews with the President ex-
cept as iu the instance referred to, at the request of
the Seeretaiy of the Department in which he is an
otticor. , ,, ,
" Question. Is the office which youholdmore likely
to bring you information of the incompetency and
dishonesty of the ollicer than any other office under
the Government is? .
"Answer. Such information would ordinarily bo
received by both the Secretary ot tlio Treasury and
myself. X presume that more information would bo
scut to my olhce than to his.
" Question. Would you not consider it your duty, if
you knew an assessor or collector ot internal revonuo
who was dishonest or incompetent, or unfaithful to
his otliee, to make that fact known to the President?
" Answer, i should not directly."
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Nibla.ce]
lias complimented pretty highly the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. I call his atten-
tion to the fact that he says he should not feel
himself called upon, if he knew a dishonest,
incompetent, or unfaithful subordinate officer
to call the attention of the President to the fact.
The question was next put to him by me :
"Question. You should not think that your duty ?
"Answer. No, not directly; because such hasnevor
been the practice of the Department.
" Question, flow otherwise could these facts, except
through you or the Secretary ot tho Treasury, be
brought to the knowledge of the President?
"Answer, They would be brought to his attention
by tho Secretary of the Treasuiy.
" QueUion. ilave you in any instance, where 5vou
have known the dishonesty and incompetency of
internal revenue oliicers, presented tlio tacts to the
Secretary, and asked of him to prcsentthofactsto the
President for his action ?
"Answer. I have presented the names of persons
with my opinion of their unfitness and requested
their removal; but the facts upon which my opinion
was based I have not reduccd to writing, and indeed
it is very dithcultto ascertain with absolute certainty
the collusion of an officer with tax-payers.
" Question. I)o you know that tho Secretary of the
Treasury has ever presented a ease which you have
brought to his knowledge to tho President in which
ho did not act on it?
" Answer. I do not.
"Question. Y ouhaveneverin writingpresentod any
case to the Secretary of tho Treasury pi incompe-
tency, unfaithfulness, and dishonesty of any omecrs
ot whom you had knowledge ?
" Aiis-wcr. I have presented names of persons oi
whom JL hadsuch opinion. . . .
"Question. 1 ask if you ever presented m writing a
request stating the facts of incompetency and dis-
honesty of otlicers of whom you had no knowledge?
"Answer. I have requested m writing that persons
should be removed for tho good of the revenue.
"Question. Who wore they? .
Answer. I would prefer not to give their names.
They are still in service, and it would disturb the
harmony of official intercourse so to do.
h. - s * ■« - *
*' Question Do you know that that communication,
so addressed to the Seu'etJiy, was ever presented to
the Piesident?
