1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
under consideration, is tliat given by Heffter
in a work on International Law of the highest
authority, published in Paris in 1857, p. 216:
"By reprisals is understood the force employed by
Governments by which they obtain possession tempo-
rarily of subjects, foreigners, or of their goods, for
the purpose of obtaining justice or of enforcing it
themselves.. Formerly reprisals consisted especially
in 3 otters of marque, delivered by the Government to
subjects or strangers, which authorized them to do all
sorcsofviolence and to levy all kinds of exactions upon
tho nation's enemy. The sequestration ofan enemy's
subjectsorgoods, [the mildest form of reprisals,]is a
simple measure of precaution; it has exclusively for
itd object, to secure a guaiantue for tlie recognition
of its rights, but confers no right whatever over
the life of the person, or the goods sequestrated. It
is always allowed, if the satisfaction demanded bo
refused, that the goods may be appropriated to re-
pair the injuries sustained. On the same principle
the party injured may retain the custody of subjects
as hostages. The refusal or delay to satisfy any just
demand gives incontestibly to tho party injured a
right to recur to measures of retaliation or reprisal.
It matters little in what form they are presented.
Sometimes they take the character of a legislative
act; sometimes that of a judicial decision; some-
times of an executive decree, but it belongs to tho
Government alone to execute such measures."
The doctrine of Vattel upon the subject of
reprisals is thus stated. I read from page 319
of an edition published in 1803 in Paris, with
commentaries by the ablist jurists in Europe:
"When a sovereign is not satisfied with the man-
ner in which his subjects are treated by tho laws or
usages of another nation he has the right to declare
that he will treat the subjects of that nation as his
own are treated by its sovereign. There is nothing
in the exercise of that power which is inconsistent
with justice or sound policy. No Government can
complain if it is treated as it treats others."
Pinheiro Ferreira, one of the ablest com-
mentators of Europe, in his note on this very
page, "condemns severely what he calls the pre-
tended right of retaliation, so absurd that it
ought to be called by its proper name, instead
of the phrases of retorsion or reprisal, which
we repeat withont blushing because they have
the sanction of authority."
This is what he says of the doctrine of Vat-
tell upon the right of reprisal which has been
quoted. But in his review of KlLiber upon the
subject of special reprisals, on page 320, he is
more just, when he declares that:
" If tho retorsion or reprisal does no injury execpt
to the force and authority of tho Government the
exercise of this right cannot and ought not to bo
questioned; provided ulwaysthat it is used to hasten
and not to retard a reconciliation instead of war
which is the ordinary result of such international
difficulties."
In discoursing of the powers that a nation
may resort to in defense of its rights without
war, Klliber, a learned and recent writer of
high authority, includes that of reprisals prop-
erly so called, or special reprisals, that is to
say:
"Tho retaining by force persons or goods belong-
ing to an offending State for the solo purpose of
obliging that State to recognize tho claim asserted
and to make reparation for tho wroncr done. —
Kluber Droit Des Gens Moderne, Paris, 1861, pago 302.
I read these authorities from the first writers
of Europe because the principles asserted are
identical with the doctrine sustained by the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and which is
embodied in the bill now under consideration.
They contain an explicit and excellent state-
ment of the doctrine of reprisals as presented
by the committee, to "hasten and not to re-
tard in any degree reconciliation in any con-
troversy that may exist between different na-
tions."
I have before me other authorities of the
same character, but I do not care to trespass
further on the attention of the House in that
regard. I put this question upon a principle
that comes nearer home to us, which is more
familiar to us, and which carries with it irre-
sistibly a conviction of its justice. During the
war of 1812 the Government of Great Britain
declared by proclamation that all native-born
subjects of Great Britain, who should take up
arms against that Power in the war with the
United States, would be deemed traitors and
pu
ailed as traitors when captured. In pur-
suance of this declaration some twenty-five
British subjects, captured during the war, were
ordered to be cxecutcd, and would have been
executed but for the assertion of the principle
now under consideration.
The President of the United States, Mr.
Madison, declared that if they were executed,
an equal number of English soldiers should be
executed in the way of reprisal or retaliation.
That action on the part of our Government
returned those who were held in custody under
this threat of execution, and brought the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain to a recognition,
practically at least in that case, of the rights
claimed by the American Government, that
naturalization relieved foreign-born subjects of
their allegiance to their native Government.
Now, who was the barbarian in that case?
Who was? Who was it that outraged civiliza-
tion? Was it the Government of Great Britain
which threatened to hang American citizens
because they were fighting to defend our Gov-
ernment? Or was it the Government of the
United States that prevented Great Britain
from executing those threats against our peo-
ple, by notifying that Government that in re-
taliation it would hang an English subject for
every American they executed ?
A still clearer illustration of the truth of
this principle, and tho necessity of its applica-
tion in the common affairs of life, is found in
our own local legislation. In the region of
country where I live there have occasionally
been disturbances of the public peace. Prop-
erty has been destroyed, and the rights of in-
dividuals have been violated, and there have
been no means either to punish jsstly and
sufficiently the parlies engaged in it, to prevent
the recurrence of these breaches of the public
peace. This has occurred in Massachusetts,
and I doubt not in other States. But it was
ascertained that if the locality where the dis-
turbance occurred, or the property was de-
stroyed, was made to suffer tho consequences
of that disturbance and to make compensation
for the destruction of property, it had a ten-
dency to prevent such occurrences. Yet in
that case the property of widows and orphans
would bo assessed to make compensation for
property destroyed in tho town, city, or county,
by the violence of a mob, although they never
could be expected to have the power of con-
trolling or dispersing the riotous gathering.
Now, this practice in good time will be es-
tablished everywhere, for it is founded upon a
very plain principle of justice as well as of
right. There can be no general rising against
the peace of a community without its being
known by some one; and if that rising is not
anticipated and prevented, the community that
has the power to anticipate and prevent it
must be, and ought to be, required to make
compensation for the destruction and loss of
property that ensues from its criminal indif-
ference and neglect. That is the principle
upon which it stands, and it is precisely and
exactly the principle contended for by the
Committee on Foreign Affairs in the third
section of the bill now before the House.
In conclusion, I have only this to say, that in
addition to the declaration of principles which
is contained in the second section of the bill,
and which I presume will be approved byevery
member of the House, in the opinion of the
committee some action is necessary in order
to compel other Governments in due time to
consider the subject which we present to them.
Hitherto they have not been under that com-
pulsion. We resort here to the only method
of compulsion which is open to us, short of
war, which shall require their consideration
and decision upon this subject.
Mr. ELIOT. Will my colleague [Mr. Banks]
allow me to interrupt him at this point?
Mr. BANKS. Certainly.
Mr. ELIOT. I wish to inquire of my col-
league whether supposing the third section of
this bill should be amended by striking out the
threat which it contains, giving to the President
the power "to order the arrest and to detain in
custody any subject or citizen of such foreign
Government," and inserting the declaration
"that such delay and refusal shall be regarded
as an offense to the nation, incompatible with
the continuance of-friendly relations with such
foreign Government," he does not believe we
would have taken an important step toward
the security of the rights of American citizens
abroad which it is the object of this bill to pro-
vide for? Does he think it advisable upon the
whole that as the first step—for he says we have
not taken any step yet—we should confer upon
the President a power which might be so used,
without our power to interfere; as to involve
this country in a war with a foreign nation
within a fortnight at any time? Might it not
be well first to try the experiment I haive sug-
gested before we resort to this strong and ex-
treme course provided in this bill ?
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, if this were a
new question 1 should say to my colleague, [Mr.
Emot,] in regard to the suggestion he makes,
that it would be the better course. But this is
not a new question. Seventy-nine years we have
debated the question ; once we fought upon it;
and we are just as far from a settlement now
as we were at the commencement of the con-
troversy.
Mr. ELIOT. We have not legislated upon it.
Mr. BANKS. No, sir; it was not necessary
to legislate. Foreign Governments do not take
notice of our legislation ; and if we adopt the
suggestion presented by my colleague they will
make the same answer hereafter that they have
made to us heretofore, "That is very good for
your people ; our Government thinks different
measures are necpssary."
As to the question whether the assertion of
this claim might be a reason for the interrup-
tion of friendly relations, I do not think that
any legislative declaration of that character
ought to bo made. If Great Britain, for in-
stance, claims as subjects three fifths, or two
fifths, or one fifth of the people of the United
States, and if she should, in the event of any
difficulty between the two countries, issue a
proclamation declaring, as she did in the war
of 1812, that natural-born subjects of Great
Britain, fighting for the country of which they
had become citizens, would be subject to the
punishment of death as traitors to her Govern-
ment. If such a power is likely to be claimed
or exercised hereafter as it has been hereto-
fore, 1 think it does not become us to say, by
a legislative declaration, that such a condition
of things would be likely to interrupt friendly
communications between tho two Govern-
ments. If we cannot say more we ought to
say nothing. And it is to prevent just such
results, should war occur between the United
States and Great Britian, that the action re-
ported by the committee is urged upon the
House.
No, sir; in answer to my colleague, speak-
ing for myself alone, I say very decitle<)%, it
is not enough to make these representations;
we should accompany the declaration of prin-
ciple by such measures, peaceful and Christian-
like in their character, as will compel the
Governments of Europe to at least open their
ears to our representations, and give, accord-
ing to their judgment, such a decision as jus-
tice and right will require. In the very nature
of things we arc debarred from every other
resource than this. We can have no decision,
no consideration, no hearing, except it bo
upon this principle. Hence we ought to ac-
company our declaration with such action as is
open to us, in order that the question may be
properly met. Now, sir, I undertake to say
that the principle asserted by the committee is
in an eminent degree just and Christian-like.
It is to maintain peace and avert bloodshed
and war.
Mr. ELIOT. It is the principle of "an eye
for an eye and a tooth for a tooth."
Mr. BANKS. No, sir; my colleague will
allow me to differ with him. It is not the
principle of "an eye for an eye and a tooth
for a tooth." It is not the policy of retalia-
tion or of indiscriminate reprisal. We say to
offending nations, "We ask you to consider
the claim we make. If you will not consider
the claims wo present, nor give us the satis-
faction we demand, we shall resoit to the
