1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3847
bill I found that it was in the interest of the
European and North American Railway Com-
pany, and that a claim was preferred against
Congress for $2,300,000, growing out of the
treaiy of Washington, of 1842. This claim
now comes up beiore the House again, having
grown '"small by degrees and beautifully less."
But I warn the members of this House that
while this section states it is for the purpose
of carrying out and executing the fourth article
of the treaty, and that only §146,000 are now
desired, yet when that is acknowledged you
will be called on to execute the fifth article
of the treaty, and then the amount will reach
k the neighborhood of its original proportions,
$1,000,000. The claim upon which it is al-
leged this money is due is, first, for lands
assigned to settlers under the fourth article of
the treaty of Washington; second, for loss of
timber upon the "disputed territory," between
the years 18.32 and 1839; third, for the correc-
tion ot an error in the computation of interest
on moneys advanced by the State of Maine in
protecting and defending her territory under
the treaty aforesaid; and, fourth, for interest
upon Maine's third of the advances made by
Massachusetts in the war of 1812-15.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler,] who has advocated this claim, has
stated very correctly that some seven or eight
reports have been made either in the Senate or
the House of Representatives in favor of this
claim ; but if the gentleman would examine all
these reports, as 1 did some two years ago, he
would find that there is a very close resem-
blance between them—sufficient to enable one
to trace their paternity to the same source.
He would find, furthermore, that each one of
those reports is in favor of the payment of
what is called the '• disputed territory" claim,
when the fact is as stated for the first time in
the minority report, which I presented to this
House, that there is a receipt in full from the
States of Maine ,*nd Massachusetts for every-
thing growing out of that claim with regard to
the "disputed territory," that receipt being
given as far back as the administration of
James Buchanan—a receipt in full for every
dollar which was due to the States of Maine
and Massachusetts for that claim.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I agree
to that.
Mr. OIITH. Yet in every one of those eight
reports to which the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts has alluded, that claim is put forward
as a valid claim arising under the fourth article
of the treaty. Now, then, we come to this
fourth article of the treaty, the only one now
under consideration. What was the object of
the treaty of 1842 between the United States
and Great Britain? It was to correct the dis-
puted boundary between our territory and that
of Great Britain upon this continent. Tliaf
dispute arose as far back as the early history
of the French colonists upon this continent,
and it was never definitely settled till the treaty
of 1842.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. With the
permission of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mi'. Orth] I would like to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] a question.
This treaty provided for something to be done
hereafter. I would like to know whether the
treaty is now of binding force?
Mr. ORTH. Mr. Speaker, prior to the rati-
fication of the treaty of 1842 there was, as 1
have stated, a disputed question of boundary
between Great Britain and the United States.
A convention was held, and this treaty was
agreed upon to correct the boundary. New
Brunswick claimed that a part of her territory
had gone to the State of Maine, while Maine
claimed that a part of her territory had gone
to New Brunswick. Pending the struggle, set-
tlers from New Brunswick acquired title to
certain lands within the disputed territory.
The citizens of Maine likewise acquired lauds
within that disputed territory. The object,
then, of this fourth article of the ^treaty was
simply to say to the citizens of New Bruns-
wick, who had come upon the American side of
the line, that they should be protected in the
rights which they had acquired from the pro-
vince of New Brunswick ; and to say to the
citizens of Maine who had settled north of the
line that they should be protected by the Brit-
ish Government in the rights which they had
acquired, as they supposed, under the authority
of the State of Maine. The whole scope,
object, and intent of the fourth article of the
treaty was simply to quiet the titles of private
individuals iti the possession of the lands which
they had acquired either from the province of
New Brunswick or from the State of Maine.
The treaty did not create or recognize any
obligation on the part of the United States to
pay one dollar of any such claim as this.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, it is almost
impossible to discuss a subject of this kind in
the allotted time of five minutes. In the first
place the acting chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations [Mr. Wasiibcrne, of Illi-
nois] would prejudice this appropriation by
criticising the action of the Senate in allowing
it to be inserted as a part of this appropria-
tion bill. 1 can only say that the Senate (and
I read the proceedings carefully) came almost
unanimously to the conclusion, after a full
ventilation of the subject, that as the matter
arose under a treaty it was properly included
in a bill of this character. However, that
question is foreclosed.
Mr. Speaker, if there ever was an honest
claim presented to Congress, this is such a
claim ; and I venture to say it will be met on
this floor only by an appeal to prejudice, an
appeal which is too often made by gentlemen
on this floor under the guise of economy. The
utmost scrutiny of fact, and the fair construc-
tion of the treaty of 1842, must irresistibly
lead onr minds to the conclusion that this claim
is exactly right. Heretofore this claim has
been associated with other claims which made
in the aggregate two or three millions of money.
There may be some question about some of
these claims. There may be some question
honestly raised about some of thembut on
this question the people of the State of Maine
have supposed from previous legislation, or
attempted legislation on the subject, if it stood
isolated and alone itwould meet with no objec-
tion, not even from the distinguished and earn-
est member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
[Mr. Orth] who has just taken his seat, who
made the minority report in the last Congress.
What, in a word, is the history of the whole
matter? I have not time in the few moments
allotted to me to present it as I would like to.
Maine claimed a certain tract of land. Bear
in mind that Maine claimed not onlyState sov-
ereignty, but Maine owned the fee in connec-
tion with Massachusetts. A treaty was made
by which we surrendered and lost three mil-
lion acres of land. This land was ceded by the
United States to Great Britain, and she pro-
posed to give the United States as an equiva-
lent for the same certain disouted land in New
Hampshire, Vermont, and New York, and cer-
tain laud not claimed by us at Rouse's Point,,
in New York, and certain mineral land upon
Lake Michigan. Great Britain virtually ac-
knowledged that the territory was ours, but
wanted to traverse the northern part of it from
province to province, and give a consideration
for it. The United States gave to the State
of Maine §300.000 for the lands we lost; that
is for the territory we gave up and which went
on the other side of the line.
There is another article in the treaty alluded
to, and that is that the Government of the Uni-
ted States shall quiet the titles of whatever
British settlers there were upon our side ol the
line as the treaty has established the boundary
to be. Now, according to the treaty, those
occupants or squatters are to have a release of
title of the lots occupied. From whom are
they to have a release? The fee is in Massa-
chusetts and Maine. Maine and Massachu-
setts are ready to give the releases. The set-
tlers are anxious to receive them. These
persons, by force of the treaty, have become
citizens of the United States, and I have no
doubt have intelligence enough to vote next
fall for the Union and the country. They are
in my district, and I know them pretty well. It
is for the interest of my section of country that
this pacification of this question shall take place.
Now, the United States have promised these
men, they have promised the Government of
Great Britain that these men shall receive their
release of title to their lands. Release from
whom ? Why, of course, from the parties own-
ing the lands in fee, from Massachusetts and
Maine. Shall we call upon the States of Mas-
sachusetts and Maine to make such releases
without a fair compensation for the lauds which
they will thereby give up?
But, sir, the question has been already fore-
closed and settled. Individuals owning tracts
in this formerly disputed territory upon which,
squatters have settled have come here, and
Congress has paid them. Why, then, not pay
this similar claim of the States. The whole
question now at issue has been decided over
and over again in the Senate. It was never
reached before to-uay in the House. There
was never any adverse report or any adverse
action. Eight, favorable reports have been
heretofore made in the two Houses. It lias
never met with any serious opposition in the
other branch. It was sustained by the majority
report of the Committee of this House on For-
eign Relations in the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
All the action of Congress heretofore, and all
the precedents, favor our preseut proposition.
The Senate have sent it to us with hardly any
substantial opposition after the fullest debate.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BANKS. I move to strike out the
amount named and to insert $91,125. Mr.
Speaker, it seems to me this claim is appro-
priate to this bill in every respect. A bill
affecting the rights of a State is a public bill.
The State is not a person, and its claims arc
not private claims. They have never been so
held. I understand it was always held, at
least formerly, wherever a State presented a
subject for legislation it was never classed
among private bills.
Mr. S i'EVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman yield to me?
Mr. BANKS. Certainly.
Mr. S I'EVENS, of Pennsylvania. This arose
under the treaty of Washington?
Mr. BANKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Is there
not an express rule of the House that no claim
arising under a treaty shall be put into an
appropriation bill?
Mr. BANKS. I do not so understand.
It is proposed to complete the action of the
Government under the treaty of 1842. Now,
there is no objection to this claim which has
not been met. It has not been refused. Nega-
tive votes against this proposition cannot be
found. It has failed of support, and every
member of this House knows itwould be almost
impossible for a claim to be presented by any-
body, however just its merits may be, and acted
on and approved immediately. A great num-
ber of claims lie over from year to year without
impeaching their justice in any manner what-
ever, and this is one of those claims. _
Now, sir, the fourth article of this_ treaty
requires that Massachusetts should satisfy the
claims of citizens of the British Government.
They were situated on our side by the new line
of partition. Massachusetts did that. There
is no provision in the treaty that made it
incumbent upon the United States to do this.
On the contrary, the United States required
Massachusetts to do it. Massachusetts having
done it is therefore entitled to the considera-
tion which she may justly claim for having
extinguished titles in behalf of the interestot
the United States, which the treaty required
the United States to do. _
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Jlr.
Steven's 1 inquired whether this being to exe-
cute a condition of a past treaty that condi-
tion was not extinguised ? Certainly not, no
matter how long it may continue. Here the
