416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
issued; but having fixed those conditions,
having determined in its wisdom upon what
conditions it was safe to let one dollar of
paper be issued, every man who should com-
ply with those conditions should have the
same right to issue a dollar. This restriction
upon the amount of bank circulation or of
paper circulation, therefore, is open to two
objections. First, I have this objection to
urge: that I think there is no body of men in
the United States of equal intelligence but
what is just as competent to determine the
amount of money which the country wants to
use at any particular time as the Congress of
the United States; and the same number of
business men, as my friend from Missouri
[Mr. Henderson] suggests, are much more
competent to determine it. We know less
about it. We are not capitalists; at least I
can speak with the utmost confidence for one,
[laughter;] and we have no necessary connec-
tion with capital; we are not engaged in the
business of the country; and we are the last
men, in my judgment, to know just how much
money the business of the country wants.
Men who have money to loan, men who have
money to operate with, knffw, it is their busi-
ness to know, to keep run of the course of
business, and know when it is safer to buy
property with their money or safer to loan
it at the current rates of interest.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How is it with men who
have to borrow to pay their debts with ?
Mr. HOWE. My friend asks how it is with
men who have to borrow money. It is a bad
thing to borrow money. I have always noticed
that it was a disadvantage.
Mr. CONNESS. To which side ?
Mr. HOWE. To the party who has to bor-
row money. I heard a remark once from a
neighbor of mine, a very sensible one, and I
subscribed to the truth of it at once, and I
believe in the truth of it to-day. He said it
had been more than fifty dollars damage to
him being poor. [Laughter.] I think it is a
serious, positive disadvantage to men to be
poor and have to borrow money. But, Mr.
President, I do not believe it is the business
of the Legislature of the nation to provide for
men who are poor a«d have to borrow money.
I think, being one of the class myself, it is the
business of men who have to borrow money to
go to men who have money to lend and borrow
it like men and pay for it if they agree to do
so, and when they agree to do so, and the
nation cannot by law provide for their neces-
sities. That is my answer to th^t inquiry.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator give way
for a motion to go into executive session ?
Mr. HOWE. I will give way in one moment^
Now, Mr. President, it is because this act which
we now propose to suspend simply authorizes
the Secretary of the Treasury to sell bonds for
. these notes and provides nothing to take the
place of the notes in circulation that I fee?1
bound to vote for the repeal or suspension of
the law.
I am not in the habit of discussing these
questions, and I am not at all sure that I have
said precisely what I wished to say. I rose
more for the purpose of saying that I did not
mean to be classed with those, if there are any
in this country, who insist upon keeping afloat
a large amount of irredeemable paper money;
and I do not mean that my vote l'or this bill
shall be construed into such a purpose.
Mr. President, I said when your first Treas-
ury-note bill was pending here what I repeat
to-day, that, in my judgment, there never ought
to have been a note issued bythe Government
promising to pay specie on demand, because
we knew the Government could not pay specie
on demand; and I say now that there ought
not to be a piece of paper circulated under
the protection of law by anybody, either by
the Government or a bank, which is not con-
vertible into something that the world recog-
nizes as money, whatever that is. The Gov-
ernment cannot do it without bearing the
brand of a bankrupt on its brow. I cannot
do it without subjecting myself to the same
penalty; and a bank cannot do it. I have
said that we were justified in using this paper
while the war was upon us ; but I believe with
the Senator from Maine, that that necessity
has passed by, and we must get rid of this
paper as soon as we can ; but it must not be
taxed out of the pockets of the people and
burned; and it must not be taken from the
circulation of the country unless you allow
the capital of the country the option of putting
something in its place.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How is the debt to be
paid without taxation ?
Mr. HOWE. You can never pay anything
except by taxation, but you cannot collect taxes
when you have taken the whole circulation of
the country out of the country. If you will
destroy this kind of paper you must put some-
thing in its place if the business of the country
and the exigencies of the country demand it;
and we cannot tell, I say, how much is de-
manded. But take off the restriction upon
the issuing of bank paper, take off the restric-
tion from the circulation of your bank notes,
determine the conditions upon which, as I said,
the firstdollar may be issued, and let every man
issue who will comply with those conditions;
place your banking circulation on the footing
that it was before the war commenced and before
the Government entered into the business of
banking, and then you can go on and allow
these notes to be funded into the interest-pay-
ing bonds of the Government—just the princi-
ple upon which the first issues of these notes
were authorized. But that will subject us to
one disagreeable thing—the people will have to
pay interest on these new bonds.
Gentlemen tell us that the country can carry
three, four, or five hundred millions of this
paper and we save the interest. Sir, we pay
the interest three times over in the increased
price put upon every commodity the country
deals in; in other words, in the depreciation
of paper or-in the appreciation—I think that
is about as correct on expression—of that
which is the true representative of values,
the coin of the country. While you have
that system of finance which makes gold a
merchantable article the price of gold is not
regulated by the law of supply and demand.
The price of gold is regulated by those men
there in Wall street, New York, who buy and
sell their millions and millions every day with-
out seeing a dollar of it; and while it is a mer-
chantable commodity and stands as the repre-
sentative of all other commodities, when gold
goes up under the manipulations of these gen-
tlemen everything else goes up. So they have
in their hands the price of every commodity.
Mr. President, I have^occupied more time
than I intended when I rose, and I will now
give way to the motion to go into executive
session.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance whether
lie wishes a vote to-night on this measure, and
whether he thinks he can get one. If so I will
govern my conduct accordingly.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot tell, as a matter
of course. I have no power over the matter.
If Senators desire to debate it much further
we cannot reach a vote to-night.
Mr. CONNESS. My purpose is to elicit the
sentiment of the Senator on the question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to get a
vote, because I understand that the Senator
from Maryland desires to-morrow to call up the
case of his colleague. If we can have a vote
at a reasonable hour to-day I should like to
obtain it. It is a question for the Senate to
decide.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. CON KLIN G. There are several Sen-
ators who wish to speak.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I move that Ihe
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. MORTON and others called for the
yeas and nays ; and they were ordered.
Mr. CONNESS. If there is any general dis-
position to come to a vote, or if a vote can be
reached this evening, I will withdraw the motion
to go into executive session ; but 1 have inquired
and find that several Senators desire to speak
for a short time upon the bill.
Several Senators. Let the call for the yeas
and nays be withdrawn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not call for the yeas
and nays; the call was made by Senators around
me who desire to reach a vote. If any Senator
desires to make a speech of course that is the
end of all chance of reaching a vote to-night:
but I inquired of several and they disclaimed
any purpose to do more than say a word or
two.
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand that the
Senator from California desires to be heard on
this subject.
Mr. CONNESS. For a few moments only.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 suppose we might
as well go into executive session.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the call for the yeas
and nays will be withdrawn.
Mr. JOHNSON. My friend from Ohio was
under the impression that I proposed to call
up to-morrow the case of my colleague-elect.
It is not my purpose to call it up until the Sen-
ator from Indiana, who is not now in his seat,
[Mr. Hendricks,] shall return here. He is
one of the members of the Judiciary Commit-
tee, and I know desires to be heard on the
questions which that case involves. I am told
now that there is no probability of his being
here before Monday. In that event I shall
not call up the case to-morrow morning.
Mr. SHERMAN. That being so, I have
no objection to letting this matter go over.
Mr. MORTON. 1 withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays so far as I am concerned.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeas
and nays have been ordered, but the order
may be recalled b^ common consent. The
Chair hears no objection to that being done.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Before the Senate goes
into executive session I desire to state that
when this bill comes up again I shall move to
amend it so as to limit the suspension to the
1st of July next, instead of leaving it indefi-
nite.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 9, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
protection of witnesses.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, introdued a bill (H. R. No. 371) for the
protection in certain cases of persons making
disclosure as defendants or testifying as wit-
nesses ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Ways ana
Means.
constitutional amendment.
Mr. MILLER. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President be, and he is hereby
requested to inform this House of the number and
names of the (States that have ratified tlie recent
amendmont to the Constitution of the United States
passed by Congress, known as article fourteen, and
of those that rejected it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state a
similar resolution was offered by the gentle-
man's colleague [Mr. Scofield] and adopted
a few days ago.
Mr. MILLER. I was not aware of that,
and withdraw the resolution.
whisky frauds.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to present a memorial from the Cincinnati
