3848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBJE,
July %,
condition is involved in the execution of the
treaty, riot by the Unilcd Stales, but by the
State of Massachusetts; and the obligation
being upon the United States to requite -Mas-
sachusetts if it runs a hundred years, it still
remains.
Mr. STEVEN'S, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman allow ine to read the parliamentary
rule on this subject?
Mr. BANKS. Certainly.
Mr. S TEVEiSfS, of Pennsylvania. The rule
is this :
"In preparing bills of appropriations for other
objects the Committee on Appropriations shall not
include appropriations for carrying into effect trea-
ties miide by the United States: anil when an appro-
priation bi'l shall bo referred to them for their
consideration which contains appropriations for
cmrying a. trea'y into efT'Ct, and for other objccts,
they shall propose such amendments as shall prevent
appropriations for carrying atreaty into effect being
included in tho same bill with appropnations tor
other objects."
Mr. BANKS. T understand that rule. It
does not affect, this appropriation. This is not
to carry a treaty into effect. The tieaty has
already been carried into effect. Massachu-
setts has done that which the United States
ought to have done, and now claims that she
should be made whole for the expenditure she
has incurred. If it were proposed to carry into
effect a treaty in regard to Alaska, for instance,
I would concede the point made by the gentle-
man. 1 made ihe same point, myself once on
this question. Bat this tieaty is executed so
far us the United States is concerned, and
neither Great Britain nor any other party has
any claim whatever. Massachusetts asks to be
made good for (hat. which she has done in
behalf of the United States.
Mr. MULL1NS. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to claim that Maine has carried out
any treaty which the United States ought to
have done, thereby recognizing the right of a
State to treat with a foreign Power? Keep
close to the moorings.
Mr. BANKS. The GovernmentoftheUnited
States required Maine and Massachusetts to
oaiiy out the treaty. It did not offer to do it
itself', because those States had jurisdiction of
that, question.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. B ANKS. 1 withdraw the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
to strike out the last word. I desire to say
that, ray impres-ions were against this appro-
priation until 1 looked at it within the last
tweuiv-four hours. I am now satisfied that
there is no claim that can be presented that is
more just, than this. The State of Maine owned
a large liact, of land, several million acres,
which the overshadowing treaty-making power
which we have been discussing somewhat dur-
ing the last few days, undertook to and did
deprive her of. The United States received
from Great Britain in exchange for that terri-
tory several million acres on Lake Superior,
at. House's Point, and in New Hampshire and
Vermont, to settle the dispute. This Gov-
ernment having received this exchange agieed
to pay the States of Maine and Massachusetts
$300,000. Those States being under restraint
and having no power to do otherwise, accepted
the $300,000. That settled the matter so far.
But there were certain settlers located upon
the land south of the conventional line whose
lands came within the limits of Maine. Their
laud belonged as much to that State as my
house belongs to me. Y< t, to settle the diffi-
culty, the Government of the United States—
the Ireatv-making power—agreed that those
settlers should be quieted in their titles, and
that the States of Maine and Massachusetts
should convey to them the properly which be-
longed to the States of Maine and Massachu-
setts. That is the whole question as I under-
stand it. You take lands that, belong, beyond
any question, to the States of Maine and Mas-
sachusetts, and give them to these settlers to
quiet their titles. They ask you now to pay
for some of the most valuable lauds in the
State of Maine. That is the whole story, as I
understand it. And understanding it in that
■way, and believing this amendment to be en-
tirely equitable and jast, I shall vote for it.
Mr. ORTH. Even admitting the position
taken by the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Wasiibcrx] to be correct, what data has this
House to act upon? Is there a scintilla of evi-
dence before this House—that is to-day asked
to vote $147,000 to a railroad co npany in the
State of Maine—that the State of Maine has
ever granted a title to a single quarter section
of this land? What is the "title" referred to
in the fourth section of the treaty of Washing-
ton ? It is notorious that this disputed terri-
tory was squatted upon. Men went there and
took possessory rights, and it is those rights
which are alluded to and guarantied by this
treaty. The squatter-not only had to take pos-
session of the land, but to make payment for it.
Now, without showing that a single dollar has
been paid for this land, we are called upon to-
day to vote to the State of Mainean enormous
sum of money when we have no evidence that
the State of Maine has ever granted one single
acre of land to a settler without that settler
paid for it. The objectof that provision of the
treaty was to prevent the settler from being
driven from the piece of land he had selected
for his home. It said to the settler, "You
have selected your homestead and you may
remain there, so far as the United States and
Great Britain are concerned: but you must
pay for the fee-simple of your land before you
can ask the State of Maine or the province of
New Brunswick to give you a title to it." It
was simply the possessory right which was
guarantied by this treaty. It was not agreed
that without, any payment for the land we would
give to the settler aguarant.eedeed for the land
be has selected for his homestead.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I now
withdraw my amendment to the amendment.
Mr. PIKE. 1 renew the amendment to the
amendment.. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Okt.ii] seems to have forgotten the pro-
viso to this section, which is as follows:
Provided, That beforosaid sums are paid the States
of Maine and Massachusetts shall agrco with the
United States that tho settlers upon their public
lands in the latedisputed territory in Maineentitled
to be quieted in their pos^s'ion, as ascertained by
com missions heiotofore instituted by said States,
shall have been orsh >11 be quieted by a reloaso of
the title el the said States.
Mr. ORTH. In other words, the United
States are expected to give these lands to those
settlers without payment.
Mr. PIKE. There was an influx of these
British settlers during the time this disputed
territory was actually within the possession of
the BritMi Government; and, as the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. O.itii] said, these
settlers went upon land, a part of which be-
longed to private individuals and a part of it
to the States of Maine and Massachusetts.
When the treaty came to be made it was
thought advisable on the part of both Govern-
ments that those titles should be piovided for.
Nosy, in July, 1802, Congress gave compen-
sation to owners of the private property so
squatted upon, to Munroe and others, I forget
the names now. But Congress recognized
their title b> giving to Munroe and others com-
pensat ion for I be lands so taken by these squat-
ters, thus carrying out so far the provision of
the treaty.
And I his amendment is simply to carry out
the provision of the treaty, so far as Maine
and Massachusetts are concerned, as it was
carried out in July, 1802, so far as private
individuals are concerned. And even prior to
thftt, in the case of Josiah S. Little, of Port-
land, the provision of the treaty was carried
out in the same way. Therefore Congress lias
twice been committed to this idea of carrying
out the provision of the treaty in this way. The
State of Maine by that treaty sacrificed lands
the value of which, if $7,200,000 is a correct
estimate of the value of Alaska, cannot be less
than fifteen or twenty million dollars, and this,
too, without our consent, for although there
was a nominal consent on the part of our com-
missioners, Judge Little, when he went home,
said that he had been in "durance vile," and
had been coerced into giving his consent. Yet,
although we sacrificed by that treaty lands of
this immense value, Congress at this late day
is higgling about giving us this small compen-
sation5 for those lands, while at the same time
it is willing to. give Russia |>7,200.000 for
Alaska. Now, 1 submit, that if this Congress
can pay $7,200,000 in gold for the friendship
of Russia, it can as a matter of justice pay to
the State of Maine $1-10,000, which has for
years been due her. As my colleague, [Mr.
Peters,] whose district is more particularly
interested in this matter, knows these men per-
sonally, knows that they are good and faithful *
citizens, willing to do the fair thing upon all
occasions, [laughter,] I submit it is proper that
this amendment of the Senate should be con-
curred in.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Maine how much of this gen-
eral claim has been paid ? I took occasion to
examine the matter some years ago, and I
believe there has been a considerable amount
paid.
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Oiitii] misconstrues the
fourth article of the treaty. He seems to sup-
pose that these persons, who were British
squatters, or who held the land under British
claims, must pay the State of Maine for their
land. That is not the construction which has
been put upon that article. If he will read
the diplomatic correspondence which took
place at the time the treaty was formed he will
see that the idea was that those persons were
to be protected because they had bought lands
and paid for them to Great Britain. Now,
that treaty stipulates that these men, who were
British subjects and had bought their lauds of
Great Britain and paid her for tliem, should
still hold them ; and that inasmuch as the land
came within the sovereignty of the Uniti-d
States the United Stales should confirm ami
quiet their title—should make their titles valid
to the lands which bad already been granted
to them under British deeds. That treaty fur-
ther provides the means by which this was to
lie done. It says it shall be done by releases.
Releases from whom? Releases from the par-
ties owning the fee. Who are Ihe parlies
owning the fee? They are the State of Maine
and the State of Massachusetts. And in reply
to the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. May-
nakd] 1 will say that these lands were owned
a part by the State of Maine, a pait by the
State of Massachusetts, and a part by private
individuals. The private individuals who bad
been ousted by this treaty, which is a law exe-
cuting itself, came here and asked compensa-
tion. Compensation was granted them: and
the honorable gentleman who makes the inquiry
once made a repoit to this House favoring the
grant.
Mr. MAY'NARD. I ask the gentleman
whether an appropriation of this kind was not
made in the Thirty-Filth or Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress to the States of Maine and Massachu-
setts as States?
!; Mr. 1'B f'ERS. Yes, sir; it was reported,
but never reached so as to be passed.
Mr. MAY SARD. Thegentleniun will recol-
lect that George M. Vv'eston was claiming a
boons as the agent of the State of Maine, and
Simon P. Ilanscom as the agent of the State
j of Massachusetts.
I Mr. DAWES. That was to pay the expenses
;j incurred by Massachusetts in the war of 1812,
!j an adjusted account, adjusted in the War De-
ij partinent and found to be due, a claim which
jj had laid there forty years and was only paid in
I the Thirty-Sixth Congress.
II Mr. PETER >. There have been reports
ji time ami again in favor of the payment of
j this claim; but. there being at thai time no
j Court of Claims in existence, the bills for the
I payment of !his money went on the Private
| Calendar and were there buried. Reports in
: favor of the payment of the claim were made
: in the Senate by Mr. Wade, by Mr. Clarke of
I New Hampshire, by Sir. Dooums, by Mr.
