1888.'
USE CONGRESSIONAL GLOM
417
Chamber of Commerce in frefeeenceto whisky
frauds, and have it read at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let it go
into the Globe instead of being read.
No objection was made.
The memorial is as follows:
To the (bngress of the United Statet:
At a meeting of the Cincinnati Chamber of Com-
merce held this 4th day of January, 1868. the fol-
lowing report of a special committee heretofore
appointed was received and adopted:
Jolts A. Gaxo, Esq.,
President Cincinnati Chamber qf Commerce :
The committee appointed by your board to report
opou the frauds on the internal revenuo, alleged to
be practiced by those interested in the manufacture
oi" distilled spirits, beg leave to say that these frauds
are found to bo open, unblushing, and enormous. So
great are these frauds, so scandalous the practices,
that the question arises: if the law be justly admin-
istered how can tho eontinuaueo of such conduct be
explained? The answer, we think, will bo found,
first, in the law itself. The tax upon spirits is so dis-
proportionate to the cost of production that it can
never be collected. The present large margin stim-
ulates dishonest manufacture; and if all the revenue
offices were filled by honest men, it is the opinion of
many it would require an army, in so large a country
ostitis, to suppress the hidden stills, whose product
would speedily supplant that of the honest distiller.
This tax is now, and always will be, a prohibitory
tax upon fair and open business. Yet, while the
demand exists for spirits it will be supplied, and the
fund of corruption increased beyond control.
Again, we may ask, has the Government shown
a sincere desire on its part to do its duty by the
appointment of suitable persons to carry out the
complicated machinery of internal revenue imposed
upon the country? Ttie major part of the exposures
published throughout the eountry show conclusively
collusion between the officer and the manufacturer;
and in many instances the position under the Gov-
ernment has been sought solely to accumulate for-
tunes by infidelity and treachery. This is truly a
lamentable state of affairs. The honest man who bad
shown a desire to fulfill the requirements of his office
found himself superseded and traduced by those
whose schemes had been exposed; while ethers,
drawing nominally a pittance as a salary, soon
acquired fortunes as truly astounding to the public
as they were difficult of conceal men t to the possessor.
That the law imposing a tax upon all distil Led spirits
has proved a tailure there can be no doubt. But
whether the failure arose from an excess of tax
levied, a want of executive ability on the part of the
revenue department, or the total demoralization
of the people as to that high sense of moral obliga-
tion so requisite in the trne patriot and the loyal cit-
izen, your committee cannot say. Yet it is the belief
of all who watched the inauguration of the whisky
tax and marked the changes made from time to time
that it has been a fraud trom first to last. Congress,
in taxing stocks to be mode, and not stocks on hand,
demoralized the manufacturer and farced him to
become a speculator. The advance of the tax from
twenty ccnts to two dollars per gallon, by gradual
steps, was but the cunning device of the speculator,
by which he pocketed the profits upon his accumu-
lated stock, without paying any tax to the Govern-
ment, as all he held paid the lesser tax, while the
price was enhanced by the higher tax to be levied
upon all stocks that should be thereafter made com-
ing in competition with his own. Thus the whole
machinery of the whisky excise law was adjusted to
benefit the speculator and not the Government. Who
are responsible for such legislation? Not the people;
for they sanctioned as a financial necessity that sys-
tem of taxation which, if honestly inaugurated and
faithfully administered, would not only have paid
the interest but gone far toward paying the public
debt.
It would be idle to seek redress from any depart-
ment in Washington 8« long as the present law
exists or the bonded warehouse system is adhered to.
Your committee would therefore recommend the
Chamber of Commerce to tarn its attention to Con-
g.-ess, asking such modifications of the revenue lawd
as will—
1. Abolish all bonded warehouses, and collect the
tax ot the place where the article is manufactured.
_2. W ithdraw from all revenue officers such discre-
tionary powers as uu have been granted to them
of compromising with parties charged with fraudu-
lent transactions.
3. Compel all parties whose property has been
seized for violations ot the law to stand trial of the
merit ot their cases before the courts of the United
feutes, and when eon Tic ted to suffer imprisonment
in the peni'entiafs aa other felons, and the loss of
the property so seized, which it aliaii be the duty of
tile Government to destrojr.
4. Close the distillery or manufactory of such per-
son so convicted, and confiscate the property with-
out redemption.
5. To alter the tax on distilled spirits to fifty cents
per gallon.
6. Whatever may be the tax, that it shall b« col-
lected at the disi illery, either by transferring the
whisky as manufactured directly into the possession
of an officer paid by the Government, to be returned
to the manufacturer upon his paying the tax, or by
compelling the manufacturer to place npon each
package before its delivery a stamp equal in value
to the tax.
7. With such modifications of the taw and the
cooperation of courts in the rural distriets, and
boards'of trade in nities in the selection of rev-
enue officers, it is believed the taxes can be colleoted
40th Gong. 2d Sbss.—No. 27.
and tho country relieved of that nightmare of de-
spondency -which has depressed legitimate trade in
all its branches for so long a time.
JAMES F. TOltltENCE,
SAMUEL J. HALE,
JOHN GOULD,
P. ANDREW,
L. F. 13 A ICR.
In compliance with said recommendation I hereby
certify said action of the Chamber for the considera-
tion of your honorable body.
Very respectfully,
GEORGE MCLAUGHLIN, Secretary.
The memorial was referred to the Commit-
tee of W ays and Means.
TIIE BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. ARNELL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced * bill (H. R. No. 872) to amend an
act approved March 2, 1867, entitled "An act
to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
j MAIIALA A. STRAIGHT.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 373) to place the
name of Mahala A. Straight upon the pension-
j roll ot the United States; which was read a
! first and second time, and referred to the Com-
1 mittee on Invalid Pensions.
' BRIDGE ACROSS THE OHIO.
j Mr. EGGLESTON. I desire unanimous
consent to introduce a resolution that is very
important in regard to the bridge being con-
structed across the Ohio river at Louisville,
i] Kentucky. It is merely a resolution of inquiry.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Whereas the enactment of February 17,1865, au-
thorizing the construction of a bridge over the Ohio
river at .Louisville, specially provides, first, that such
bridge shall be located above the falls; second, that
it shall be constructed with at least three draws; and
third, that it shall in no way interfere with the nav-
igation of said river; and whereas it is currently re-
ported that the bridge at present being constructed
is in flagrant violation of the above provisions, and
most seriously obstructing the navigation of said
river: Therefore,
Be it reaolved, That the Secretary of War is hereby
instructed to cause an immediate examination of the
above facts, to be made by tho corps of Government
engineers at Louisville, and report the same promptly
to this body.
Mr. RANDALL. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I hope the gentleman
will allow the resolution to be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. RANDALL. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I move, then, that the
resolution be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
REV. JOHN M'MAHON.
The House resumed, as the business in order
during the morning hour, the consideration of
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 137) reported
yesterday by the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
requesting the President to intercede with her
majesty the queen of Great Britain to secure
the speedy release of Rev. John McMahon,
convicted as a Fenian raider, and now confined
at Kingston, Canada West.
Mr. ORTH. I will yield for a moment to
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine,]
who desires to ask leave of the House to intro-
duce a resolution.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman from Indiana
is Still unwilling that I should offer the amend-
ment I indicated yesterday as an amendment
to this resolution, but I ask unanimous con-
sent that I may bo allowed to offer it as an
independent resolution after this has been dis-
posed of. I will not detain the House one
moment by any discussion. The resolution is
in the exact language of that reported by the
committee, only substituting the name of Rob-
ert Lynch for that of Father McMahon. I ask
unanimous consent that the House may enter-
tain it and vote upon it after the resolution
reported by the committee shall have been dis-
posed of.
No objection was made.
Mr. ORTH. t propose to call the previous
question on the resolution. And I desire to
state that after the previous question has been
seconded I have agieed to allow the gentleman
from New \ork [Mr. Wood] to occupy fifteen
minutes of my hour, the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Bt'Ti.En] fifteen minutes, my
colleague [Mr Shanks] ten minutes, and my
colleague [Mr. Kerr] ten minutes. I now
move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ORTH. I now yield fifteen minutes to
the gentleman from New York. [Mr. Wood.]
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I do not know
whether it will be in order or whether the
opportunity will arise for me to offer an addi-
tional resolution to the one reported from the
committee; but that it may be brought to
the attention of the House I ask that it be
read.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
And be it further rctolyed. That the President be
requested to interpose liis official authority to effect
the immediate release of Colonel John Warren,
William J. Najjle, and any other American citizens
who have been*arrested in Ireland under the habeat
corpus act, and are niiw imprisoned without sufficient
grounds to charge them with the commission of any
offense against tho laws of Great Britain,
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, the resolution
now before the House is doubtless a very
proper one. It proposes to ask the inter*
cession of the President of the United States
with the queen of Great Britain for the release
of John McMahon, a Catholic priest convicted
in_ Canada for some complicity in a Fenian
raid. It is unquestionably true that McMahon
was not there as a belligerent. His profession
is a sufficient guarantee that he was not there
with any hostile design against the British Gov-
ernment. He was found upon the field of bat-
tle after hostilities ceased administering the
sacred rites of the church to the wounded and
dying, with no other arms than the cross, and
in the discharge of no other duty than that
which his calling and profession required.
But, sir, he was tried, was duly convicted,
and sentenced to death. That sentence was
subsequently commuted to imprisonment for
life. And although this is a case which is very
properly brought to the attention of the House,
one in regard to which I have no doubt the
House will unanimously concur, yet it appears
to me that there are others which more imperi-
ously a«d pressingly demand the immediate
attention of Congress and the Executive, where
not only adopted buf native citizens of the
United States are incarcerated in British dun-
geons, having been arrested under a suspend
sion of the habeas corpus act, no direct charge
being made against them, no examination or
trial being had, and, with humiliation I may
add, without any proper attempt on the part
of the authorities of this country to intervene
in their behalf.
As early as March last the attention of this
House was called to tho cases referred to in
the resolution I have had read by the Clerk.
One was the case of Colonel Warren, who had
been an officer in the Army of the United
States; the other was the case of Colonel
Nagle, not only an officer of the United State3
but a native of the State of New York. These
cases were duly referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, but down to the present
time that committee, so far as we have any
means of knowing, have taken no action in
the premises. Not only were the Committee
on Foreign Affairs directed to examine into
those cases, but the attention of the Secretary
of State was directed to them. And for the
purpose of enabling the House to understand
what has been done and what has not been
done, and to enable the country to understand
that notwithstanding the action of this House
in referring the subject to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs and in attempting to induce
the Secretary of State to interfere in behalf
of these persons, these two citizens yet remain
in durance vile, I ask to have read the cor-
respondence I send to the Clerk's desk.
