S368.
THE COJSo, SESSIONAL. GLOBE..
iaoi
lish it, I cannot refrain from.quoting a most
striking passage from the almostforgotten essay
of Noah Webster, republished during the war
of 1812, but written in 1789, in which he demol-
ishes the absurd idea of a great English judge
that allegiance tc the sovereign was not only a
perpetual obligation, but was founded on natural
jaw. This, sir, is one of the monstrous absurd-
ities to which the advocates of the "divine
right of kings" are driven in their defense of
the doctrine that "once a subject always a
subject." The right of expatriation and the
duty of allegiance cannot both be founded in
the law of nature. There can exist no antago-
nism in the laws of God. The essence of His
moral law is the spirit of harmony. He gives
no right but what is consistent with duty, and
imposes no obligation which shall destroy a
right thus given. Upon this question of the
duty of allegiance being derived from the law
of nature the great American lexicographer
is an overmatch for the great English juriscon-
sult. He thus triumphantly exposes the fallacy
of the English law-writer's reasoning:
" Blackstonc says ' that natural allegiance is a
debt of gratitude,' because the subject is under the
king's protection while an infant. Ho might just as
well say protection is a debt of gratitudo duo from
the prince, because the subject is born in his domin-
ions. On this principle of gratitude a child is obliged
to obey and servo his parent after he has loft his
family and while he lives. This debt, according to
the same author, cannot be canceled but by con-
currence of the Legislature. How, in the name of
reason, can an actof the Legislature dissolve a natural
tie? How can it cancel a debt of gratitude? Com-
mon sense looks with disdain on such woak and futilo
reasoning. But, if there is such a thing as natural
and perpetual allegiance, an Englishman who re-
moves to France cannot take arms to dofend France
against an invasion from England. Is this agreeable
to the laws of nature and society, that a man should
not protect himself, his family, and his property?
It will be said that the man is within tho English
king's allegiance, and entitled to his protection.
But the king cannot protect him; it is beyond his
power, and the Englishman is not obligod to loavo
Erance and seek protection in England, llis estate
and his family may be in Erance, and, if he chooses
to reside there, it is his inalienable right and duty to
defend both against any invasion whatever. Every
war, exccpt a defensive one, is a broach of the moral
law; but when a natural-born subject of England
has become a citizen of Erance ho is subject to the
laws of Erance, and bound to assist, if required, in
defending the kingdom against his natural prince."
Mr. Speaker, this right of expatriation, as
the consequent political result of the act of
emigration, is as old as civil government it-
self. It existed in the best days of Greece and
Home. It was apostrophized by the immortal
Tully, in his defense of Balbus, when he ex-
claimed :
"0 glorious right, by divino favor, obtained for
us by our ancestors. in the commencement of the
Itoman name, by which no man can bo a citizen of
more than one commonwealth; by which no man
can be compelled to leave it against his will, nor re-
main in it against his inclination. This is the firmest
foundation of our liberty, that every man shall have
an absolute power to retain or abandon his rights at
his election."
Mr. Speaker, the whole principle, the very
essence of this great right of self-expatriation,
is embodied in this single sentence of Cicero:
it enunciates the great truth that the natural
rights of man are paramount to the delegated
powers of government. As long as the liber-
ties of Home existed this great right of her
citizens endured. But, sir, there came a time,
long after the liberties of the Roman people
had perished by usurpation, when there was
a sad retrocession of this ancient right of
the people. The rise of the feudal system in
Europe organized a very different condition of
society and laws. To this dark era of human
degradation, when civilization was pushed
back by vandalism and Gothic barbarity, we
owe the origin of this slavish doctrine of per-
petual allegiance. William the Conqueror car-
ried it with him into England ; and it exists
there to-day as the servile relic of the Norman
conquest. The question now before us and
the American people, revived by recent events
and acts of aggression and outrage on the
rights of our naturalized citizens by the Brit-
ish Government, is whether we shall take an
open and bold stand in defense of those rights,
to ignore which would be to abandon the fund-
amental principles upon which our Govern-
ment is based. And this brings mo to a more
immediate but very brief consideration of the
report and bill now before the House, as re-
ported by the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
the present bill being a substitute for the one
originally reported.
Mr. Speaker, there is one proposition very
clear to my mind, and it is this: we should
legislate upon this very grave and delicate ques-
tion up to its highest status of dignity ana im-
portance, asserting all its rights and assuming
all its responsibilities, or we should not legis-
late upon it at all. I shall show before I take
my seat, by a brief recurrence to our past
judicial and legislative history upon this ques-
tion, that if we now act at all we should act
fully up to all the serious requirements of the
occasion. I do not mean to say, sir, that if
my views are not embodied in this bill, byway
of certain amendments which I shall propose,
I intend to vote against it. Not at all. If it
is the best thing we can get, by way of estab-
lishing, among other things, a mode of evi-
dence of the fact of expatriation, it shall have
my earnest support, although it may partake
more of the nature of a resolution than a law:
a declaration of opinion more than a rule of
action for both Government and citizen. I am
free to admit, however, that the present bill is
a very great improvement upon the former one.
I very much regretted, Mr. Speaker, that the
distinguished chairman of the Committee on
Foreigu Affairs [Mr. Baxks] refused the other
day to entertain the important amendment
proposed by my honorable friend from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Woodward] to the bill as origin-
ally reported to the House. Some such amend-
ment to the original bill was necessary, if wo
intend by the present legislation to put an end
to the doubtful position which this Government
has heretofore occupied upon this question. I
had also prepared some amendments to that
bill, and which the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Woodward] and myself had com-
pared with his own. They are similar in de-
sign, though mine are more specific in detail.
Unless I shall be cut off by the operation of
the previous question, I intend to offer them
as amendments to the present bill, and I now,
sir, wish to have them read for the informa-
tion of the House; or, if that is objected to, I
desire the Clerk to road them as part of my
remarks, so that they may go to the country
along with the bill. He will please read from
page 12 of the printed amendments.
The Clerk read as follows :
Aild to original bill the following sections:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That whenever
any citizen of the United States, either native-born
or adopted, by a declaration in writing, mnde and
executed in a district court of tho United States
within tho State where ho shall have held his last
legal residence, done in open court, to be by said
court entered of record in said court, declare that he
relinquishes the character of a citizen of the United
States, and shall thereupon depart out of the United
States, such person shall, from and after the time of
his said departure, be considered as having exercised
his right of expatriation under this act, and shall
thereafter be considered as no citizen of tho United
States, and as absolved from all allegiance thereto,
and as having voluntarily relinquished all right and
benefit of protection thei cfrom.
Sec.—. And be it further nnactcd, That any person,
either as a native or adopted citizen of the United
States, making such declaration, and departing out
of the United States in accordance therewith, and
being thus by this act deprived of all protection from,
and absolved from allegiance to, the United States,
shall not thereafter a^ain become a citizen of the
United States in any other manner than under and
by virtueof tho provisions of the naturalization laws
then existing.
Mr. VAN THUMP. Mr. Speaker, the adop-
tion of these or similar amendments will not
only be appropriate but essential, for two
reasons:
First. That inasmuch as the act of expatria-
tion depends almost entirely upon a question
of intention on the part of the citizen, it is a
matter of the highest importance, both to Gov-
ernment and citizen, that some authoritative
means should be adopted by law whereby such
fact of intention shall not be left to be solved
by doubtful acts or more doubtful construc-
tion. If such system is adopted then the citi-
zen knows that such intention is manifested
and made susceptible of proof by certain rec-
ord facts, which relieves, him from all appre-
hension of any infi-aetion of the.laws of the
country he has just left, by .acting in accord-
ance with his new obligations to the country
of his adoption, and the Government from
which he has thus expatriated himself will be
relieved from the same doubt and uncertainty
as to its obligation to throw over him the asgis
of its power to defend and protect him. in a
foreign or extra-territorial jurisdiction.
Second. The spirit and evident point of the
proposed legislation, as embodied in this bill in
a much stronger and prouder tone than in the
one first reported, is a demand of the other
Governments of the civilized world that they
shall recognize the great principle of the right
of expatriation of their own citizens or subjects
when emigrating to this country with an inten-
tion of permanent domicile. That is what this
bill means, if, in its present shape, it meana
anything beyond a mere, but forcible, declara-
tion of opinion. In the way of governmental
policy and official action hereafter I desire
that it shall mean something more than such,
mere abstract declaration. Whatever werequiro
other Governments to do we should be willing
to do' ourselves; and especially should we oc-
cupy this position now, when we seek to repu-
diate our past action upon the very subject
under consideration. Sir, since the downfall
of the feudal system in Europe—a system which
branded governmental ownership upon man as
we brand cattle or mules in modern days, no
Government within the pale of civilization has
refused to recognize this fundamental and in-
alienable right of the individual citizen, save
that narrow-minded and selfish dynasty which
is seizing and imprisoning, without crime
against her laws, froo-born American citizens,
with tho fixed and nefarious purpose, as I be-
lieve, of embroiling us in a war at a time, as
she thinks, when we are but illy prepared for
the conflict.
Sir, she has not yet forgotten that one great
national and universal act of expatriation
which spoke this great fabric of constitutional
government into being through the process of
revolution. She has not yet forgotten nor has
she yet recovered from a feeling of deep na-
tional chagrin and humiliation at her signal
discomfiture in the war of 1812 upon this very
question which we are now considering. That
is the secret of all her movements. It was this
feeling and this design which prompted all her
secret and semi-official movements and machi-
nations in our own recent great and most un-
happy rebellion. She has been the heartless
and insidious plotter of our destruction for more
than a quarter of a century. She is even now
holding out against the common opinion of
mankind in her opposition to this doctrine of
expatriation more to annoy and embarrass u3
than with any honest design to maintain her
own rights even as she assumes to understand
them. In ail this we owe her nothing upon
this question, unless it is to assert and main-
tain our position at all hazards. She is en-
titled neither to our courtesy or respect in rela-
tion to her past or present conduct npon this
great question of public law. But, sir, wo do
owe something to the other Powers of Europe.
They stand toward us in relation to this ques-
tion in quite a different attitude. In demand-
ing a recognition of this principle as a subject
of international law, we owe to them a distinct
and unequivocal legislative declaration; an
open and honest avowal, not only of our future
purposes, but also of our administrative policy
in regard to our own citizens upon this ques-
tion of allegiance. It should no longer remain
either in doubt or obscurity.
I shall show, sir, before I take my seat,
that for some unexplained reason we have
been shy of this question from the commence-
ment of the Government up to this time.
Recent events across the water admonish us
to change promptly our position from one of
doubt and uncertainty to that of a clear arid
decided legislative recognition of this great
right of humanity in all its just forms and
