1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2825
For my own part I am willing, and have been
■willing, to place the tax at that amount as an
experiment.
But gentlemen well informed on the subject
insist it should not go beyond twenty cents
per pound. I will content myself by saying
that I am unwilling to go as high as forty cents.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. What is it now?
Mr. NIBLACK. Heretofore there have
been three grades, forty, thirty, and fifteen
cents. Most, if not all that kind of tobacco
that the existing lavy taxes thirty is now pro-
posed to be taxed forty.
There is one other matter which I intended
to consider ; but as I have overrun my time I
will simply advert to it. I am apprehensive
the amount of taxes this bill provides for, or
is likely to be collected under it in case it
becomes the law in its present shape, will not
be anything like the expectation of the chair-
man of the committee and of others who have
given it their attention. 1 am inclined to
believe there are 110 means we can adopt in
this country that will bring $70,000,000 out of
whisky alone. I shall be gratified if we can
succeed in raising that much money, but I am
afraid that it is impracticable. If we make a
levy of that kind I am afraid the facility in
fraud m any system we adopt will disappoint
us in the amount raised.
While 1 certainly desire all tax shall be raised
upon what are called thj luxuries of the coun-
try, I doubt whether that is practicable in view
of the immense amount of revenue we have to
raise from year to year from this and other
sources. If we sustain our credit my predic-
tion is, and I give it for what it is worth, we
will have to extend the area beyond that in
the present bill. As an experiment I am will-
ing to try it, trusting more to the judgment ol
others better informed than myself than to the
impulses of my own judgment.
Mr. ELDR1DGB. Cover more articles?
Mr. NIBLACK. Yes, sir; because higher
tax is not practicable, and the only escape we
have is to cover more articles. I hope I am
mistaken about this ; but the country must not
be deceived. I think the country ought to be
piepared for heavier taxation, in some respects^
than we have yet submitted to. I know it is
not a pleasant thing to refer to, but I state it
as a matter of conviction. The expenses of
the Government never will be brought within
the figures which gentlemen are trying to bring
them in the present appropriation bills with-
out greater and more radical reforms than I
now anticipate. As I have already remarked on
another occasion, I think we will have an enor-
mous deficiency next winter, and in order to
have the means to meet this deficiency we will
have to carry taxation beyond its present point.
Taking the tax off cotton, in which I heartily
concurred, and taking oft the tax on man-
ufactures. in my judgment, is going to make a
great difference in our receipts from internal
taxes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is this an experimental
bill for the purpose of ascertaining what we
can drop in the way of taxation so as to bridge
over the fall elections ?
Mr. NIBLACK. I was not talking about
the fall elections in this connection, but 1 do
say it is an experiment. I have already re-
marked that I think it is superior to the other
tax bills. I believe we have been too sanguine
as to the amount of tax we are going to raise
by it, and underestimated the expenses of the
Government. Taking the two together, I do
not feel as sanguine financially as other gen-
tlemen. I hope they are nearer the truth than
I am ; but that can only be demonstrated by
the operations of time.
There is another question which I ought to
have alluded to. I have referred to those where
I felt it to be my duty to differ with the com-
mittee. There are others of minor import-
ance, and I can refer to them in the progress
of the bill. I shall, as I have intimated, sus-
tain the committee in everything, so far as I
find myself able to do it; but 1 was compelled
to dissent in regaid to some matters to which
I have referred, and I feel it due to the com-
mittee, as well as the House, to state some of
my reasons at least for this dissent. I have
suffered my time, however, to be frittered away
by digressing from the points which 1 intended
to discuss. Therefore, as my time is con-
sumed, I cannot attempt to occupy the time
of the committee any longer by asking a further
extension of my time.
Mr. HIGBY. I do not know, Mr. Chair-
man, that I should have sought an opportunity
to say anything at this time had it not been for
some remarks dropped by the member from
New York, [Mr. Wood.] I did not hear all
of them, for I came in while he was speaking.
I do not think my constituents would feel very
well satisfied to allow such remarks to go forth
without some answer to them.
The gentleman is still carried away with the
idea that I found to prevail in the Thirty-
Eighth Congress, and to a great extent also
in the Thirty-Ninth. I had supposed that this
Fortieth Congress was far less tinctured with
the idea than the two previous ones. 1 found
gentlemen in the Thirty-Eighth Congress who
were carried away with the idea that the min-
eral belt of this country contained sufficient
wealth to easily pay the national debt. Mem-
bers frequently asked me that question in all
seriousness if this Government could not, by
taking upon itself the management, care, and
custody of the mineral lands, pay off the
national debt very readily. And the same
question was sometimes asked in the Thirty-
Ninth Congress. My reply to these gentlemen
always was this: that to attempt to legislate
upon that policy would ruin any political party.
It is a fallacious idea, Mr. Chairman, that
mining for gold and silver pays better than
any other pursuit. 1 beg members who wish
to get at the facts in regard to this question to
rid themselves of the idea that labor and capi-
tal employed in taking gold and silver from
the earth receives any better returns than when
employed in any other business. I declare,
from an experience as well as an observation
of eighteen years, that there is no branch of
business, whether it be agricultural, mechan-
ical, commercial, or manufacturing, that pays
so poorly as mining for gold and silver.
Why, sir, to illustrate this fact I need only
appeal to the knowledge of members of this
House who represent districts large portions
of which are mineral regions. They can bear
me witness that there is less wealth in that
business than in any other; that the agricul-
tural and commercial portions of their district
contain the most wealth in proportion to the
number of inhabitants.
Such facts give some idea of the value of
the mineral regions of this country. Take my
own State of California, and what do you find?
The mineral counties contain decidedly the least
wealth in proportion to population ol any coun-
ties in the State. Take the agricultural por-
tions of the State, and there you find wealth
in proportion to the richness of the soil. I can
compare my own county and neighboring coun-
ties with agricultural counties, where the pop-
ulation is not near so great, and yet the agri-
cultural counties have twice or three times the
real substantial wealth.
And when you come to consider the indebt-
edness of the countries, what do you find ?
The agricultural counties have comparatively
a small debt, while the mineral counties have
decidedly large ones. And if any member of
this House is disposed to look into the legisla-
tion of the last Legislature of my State, he will
find on examining it critically that many of the
counties in the mountains waich^ are puiely
mineral are almost in a condition of bankruptcy
as to their public affairs. Inow, these things
always tell for a country more than anything
else. There is no such fallacious legislation
as that which goes upon the basis that extract-
iog the precious metals is the most productive
source of wealth to the country, 1 hat kind ot
industry which produces the greatest aggregate
of wealth in proportion to the labor bestowed
upon it is the be'st for tire county, no matter
what it may be, whether it be commercial or
manufacturing or agricultural or mineral.
That rule will hold good in all parts of the
country.
Why, sir, a few years ago, since I have been
here, I think in the Thirty-Eighth Congress,
when we were getting up an internal revenue
bill, there was a tax of one half of one per
cent, imposed on gold. The bill as reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means imposed
a tax of three per cent, to be paid in gold on
all the gold produced. The member from New
York [Mr. Wood] was here at the time. I
stood here in my place and most strenuously
opposed that provision of the bill. I told this
House—I was a young member then, although
I had seen some years outside—I told this
House then that it was fallacious legislation to
attempt anything of the kind, and that it would
be disastrous to follow the miner into his claim
and tax him three cents on every dollar of
gold lie took out of the earth. When we
reached that part of the bill Mr. Wallace, who
was then the Delegate from Idaho, arose and
moved to strike out the words '' to be paid in
gold,'' so as to leave it at three per cent, to be
paid in the currency of the country, and that
was carried. Immediately the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means rose in his
place and moved to raise the tax to five per
cent, instead of three per cent., and that
went through like a whirlwind ; there was no
stopping it; we could not even get enough to
call the yeas and nays on it in the House. The
bill went to the Senate, and there the tax was
brought down to half of one per cent. Well,
as we had had a pretty warm discussion on the
subject here, when the bill come back from
the Senate the Committee of Ways and Means
finally concluded to leave the tax at halt of
one per cent., and they asked our delegation
if we would be satisfied with that. I told them
that I did not suppose the miners of my State
were going to be dissatisfied at having to pay
half of one per cent, to the Government under
the circumstances, and that they were willing
to support the Government, and especially in
the struggle it was then going through.
1 insisted, however, that it was injustice to
put a tax of even half of one per cent, on
them ; but I told the committee that I should
make no further contest over the question, and
we left it there. Well, sir, I trust the tax will
not be raised in this bill. The committee have
stricken it out in the bill which they have
reported to the House, showing that they pos-
sess some wisdom on this subject, and have
become somewhat enlightened. 1 say it is rank
injustice to follow the miner into his claim in
the depths of the earth and take from him the
first particle—even one farthing on a hundred
dollars—as a tax upon this article, a.nd lor the
simple reason that, ot all the business that is
cariied on in this country, there is none that
pays so poorly for the labor and the capital
employed in it as taking gold and silver trom
mines." And I say to the member from New
York, dismiss the idea that this Government
will ever pay its national debt, by a surplus of
gold and silver over the pay of the laborers
tor taking it out. of the mines. 11 you will put
iton to the substantial industry of the country—-
your agriculture—which is the most permanent
and lasting and substantial of all; upon your
manufactures and upon your commerce, you
will get upon the right basis ; but you need that
gold and silver shall come from the mines
simply as a stimulant for all other kinds of
business, for that is its use. It is a stimulant
to all other industries. There is the great
secret of encouraging the taking of gold and
II silver from the mines.
!i Mr. MAYNAltD. Will the gentleman from
j California [Mr. Higby] allow me to ask him
. an economic question?
I Mr. HIGBY. Certainly.
| Mr. MAYNAltD. It is this : whether all the
, intrinsic value or gold and silver is precisely
I equivalent to the labor which is required to
! take it from the mines and put it into eircula-
! tion among the p'eople?
