1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
301
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Bights of Colored Citizens—Mr. Neivcomb.
Ho. or .Reps.
dom in those communities. The leading ruling
white people who have always governed the
people of those sections are now, and always
have been, opposed to a system of public edu-
cation of the laborers, and could not be trusted
in the work of reorganization. The black
loyalists are all true to the Government, and,
whenever they have had an opportunity, have
shown themselves favorable to a system of
common schools that shall elevate and improve
the lower and laboring classes. It becomes
really necessary to clothe the black man with
political power in order to place the means of
education and elevation within the reach of
the poor laboring white man of those States.
Strange as it may seem, yet it is true that the
ignorant colored people of the South are the
only friends of popular education, save a very
small portion of the white people.
As a means of elevating the white race negro
suffrage is a wise provision in the acts of recon-
struction. But I am met with the claim that
the negro is ignorant and unfit to perform the
duties of a voter in a free Republic. I admit
he is unlettered in the education of the schools,
but he is vastly more intelligent than we give
him credit for, yet not intelligence derived from
books and received in schools, but gained by
observation and contact with the world. In
this very essential kind of education the negro
excels many who have had great advantages
of schools, and we are often astonished at the
extent and accuracy of his knowledge of the
institutions of our country. But suppose they
are ignorant; intelligence or education is not a
qualification of voters in this country, and if it
was it would very much reduce the number of
voters. Besides that, if the colored people
are ignorant, it is not their fault. It is the
fault of the very rebel whites who now so stren-
uously object to his voting in llie States re-
cently in rebellion. Had he been permitted to
do so he would have been educated and better
fitted for citizenship.
It is criminal, it is wicked on the part of a Gov-
ernment to hold a people in ignorance against
their will and then disfranchise them or deny
them the right to vote because they are igno-
rant. One thing is true of them that is not
true of the educated white. They are and have
been sensible enough through the recent war
to be and remain true to the Government, and
it is but an act of simple justice to give them
the ballot instead of the white man who tried
to destroy the Government. Colored men have
made quite as much advancement in education,
religion, intelligence, and everything that be-
longs to a good citizen as we had any right to
expect. In my own State, and from what 1
read and learn from well-informed men irom
the South, the colored people are making un-
usual efforts to establish schools,build churches,
employ and pay teachers, and fill their pulpits
with preachers of theirown color, and I under-
take to say here in my place in the Ameiican
Congress that the colored people of our land
are manifesting as much interest and zeal in
building school-houses and churches, and in
encouragiug every enterprise that belongs to a
well-ordered life, and expending as much money '
in proportion to their means to accomplish these {
objects, as are the white people of any coinrnu- i
nity in the nation. And, sir, I say, in the name j
of all that is just in government and holy in
religion, the black population shall be encour-
aged in their laudable zeal for improvement,
until those sections they inhabit shall be dotted
with school-houses filled with children, and
until their churches shall be built on every
prairie, and theiraltarsbe erected on every hill-
top, Irom which shall ascend the praises of the
zealous hearts of our once slaves. It is already
the exception to find a negro in my State that
cannot read, and very many read and write,
and are quite familiar with subjects of general
interest in the country, and talk with much in-
telligence about matters of legislation. Indeed,
I have been surprised to find so many who read
the newspapers, and many who are regular sub-
scribers to the popular periodicals of the day.
The-e is nothing in the reconstruction acts,
so far as they confer suffrage upon the negro,
that is not justifiable on grounds of public
policy and not required as a measure of secur-
ity against future attempts at rebellion. The
qualification of loyalty is more important, if
possible, at this time than intelligence, and from
the condition of things in the South it is vitally
important, and Congress would be criminally
negligent in duty did it not make loyalty one
ot the qualifications for electors in providing
State governments for the communities recently
in rebellion, otherwise we would only be or-
ganizing States in hostility to the General Gov-
ernment, and ready at any time to join hands
with its enemies. No one doubts but that the
colored population of the country are loyal and
true to the Government. Certainly no one can
doubt it who has witnessed his devotion and
sacrifices during the war; or who has read
of the heroism of the colored soldier at Milli-
ken's Bend, Fort Pillow, Port Hudson, Port
Wagner, Drury's Bluff, and Petersburg mine,
where they won the praise of the Commander-
in-Chief of all the armies; or who has read
of the personal daring and bravery of such men
as James Reader, Potomac Jim, and a thou-
sand others that might be named? And who
has not heard with thrilling interest, as one of
a multitude that might be mentioned, the his-
tory of Black Tom, who came into our lines on
the banks of the Mississippi river. He follows
the Army in the long march, a soldier dies by
the roadside, Tom picks up the musket, fills
his place in the ranks, and does good service
for the cause of the Union. Tom gets permis-
sion to go through the rebel lines for his wife
and children, rescues the loved ones, returns
with them, rejoins the Army, fights for the
country, and dies in the service. An eye-wit-
ness has poetized the dying scene :
"One day Tom vras raarclimg with us
Through a forest, as our guide,
When a ball from traitor rifle
Broke his arm and pierced his side.
"On a litter white men bore him
Through a forest drear and damp;
Laid him, dying, where our banners
Brightly fluttered o'er our camp.
"Pointing to his wife and children,
While he suffered racking pain,
Said he to our soldiers round him:
Don't let dem be slaves again."
The colored man has ever yielded a faithful
allegiance to the Government, paid taxes, and
faithfully discharged the duties of citizenship
in time of peace. lie has rendered gallant
service in all the wars of our nation, winning
the highest commendation of Washington,
Jackson, and Grant. Ilis deeds of heroism
and valor are most honorable. They are for-
ever treasured up in the history of our coun-
try. They are immortalized by the speech of
the orator and the poet's song ; and, sir, I do
insist that while we require and accept his ser-
vice in support and defense of the Govern-
ment it is an act of injustice and cowardice
to withhold from him his rights of citizenship
that will some day call down upon this nation
the scorn and reproach of mankind.
But we are told that this is a white man's
Government, and that the Republican party of
the country is Africanizing if and turning it
over to the rule of another race. Mr. Dooi.it-
tle, in a rccent speech at Concord, New Hamp-
shire, says:
" lie impeached the present policy of Congress in
regard tothe negro .is a ei line against nature, against
tho law of civilization, and against the Constitution of
the United States. To attempt to give the suftrago
to tho colored people might, if it. were not so grave
a matter, bo called a parody and burlesque upon re-
publican institutions. He impeached thispohcy be-
cause it was ;ui attempt to trample upon the rights
of States and to transfer the franchise to persons
utterly incapable ol' comprehending theiluty imposed
upon tliem."
It is strange that the opinion has obtained
amongso many of our peoplethatthisis a white
man's Government in such a sense that the col-
ored American never did have and never can
have the rights of other persons in the Govern-
ment. Thisseemed to be the feeling in my own
State when application was first made by Mis-
souri to be admitted into the Union. Intheeon-
stitution presented to Congress in 1819, and un-
der which she asked for admission into the
Union, the fourth clause of the twenty-sixth sec-
tion ofthe third article provided that the Legisla-
ture should pass laws to " prevent free negroes
and mulattoes from coming to and settling in
the State." This question was ably debated
at that time in Congress, and Mr. Clay, as
chairman of the committee of the House to
report on the expediency of admitting Mis-
souri, reported a resolution providing for the
admission of Missouri in the Union on an
equal footing with the original States, upon the
fundamental condition that the piovision of
the Constitution I have just recited—
"Shall Dover bo construed to authorize the pas-
sage of any law by which any citizen of cither ot the
States of this Union shall bo excluded from theenjoy-
meiitof all the privileges and immunities to which
such citizen is entitled under the Constitution of the
United States."
When it is remembered that at this time the
colored man was a citizen in several States
then in the Union, and entitled to the rights
of citizens, including the right to vote, we must
recognize this act of the Congress of 1821,
composed, as it was, of many of the ablest
statesmen and purest patriots that ever held
seats in these Halls, as a clear recognition of
the doctrine that the colored man is not excluded
from citizenship, and that they are an inte-
gral part of the nation, and a denial of the
doctrine that this is exclusively a white man's
Government.
The word white, in connection with the Con-
stitution and laws of our country, has an early
origin in our history, and a brief reference
thereto may not be unpiofitable, as I trust we
are very soon to settle this great question for
all time, and place it beyond the reach of po-
litical influence and party issues. South Car-
olina (the home of all political heresy) proposed
when the Articles of Confederation were under
consideration in Congress to insert the word
" white between the words "free" and "in-
habitant" in the fourth article of that instru-
ment and make it read that "The free white
inhabitants of each of these States, paupers,
vagabonds, and fugitives from justice excepted,
shall be en titled to all privileges and immunities
of free citizens in the several States." Eleven
States voted on the proposi tion—two for it, eight
against it, and one was divided in its vote ; so
we see as early as 1778, but two years after the
Declaration of Independence was signed, our
fathers, with a remarkable unanimity, branded
the doctrine that this is a white man's Govern-
ment and that colored men have no rights
under it, as unworthy to be received, and gave
the weight of their great authority to the doc-
tiine that the colored man is, and may be, a
citizen, and that citizenship is confined to no
color or nationality. And that is not only the
teachings ofthe fathers of the Republic, but it
is the great vital, inspiring American idea which
forms the substratum and underlies the whole
fabric of republican government in this coun-
try. About nine years subsequent to this, or
in 17S7, the Northwestern Territory, ceded to
the Government by Virginia, became the sub-
ject of special legislation l>y the Congress of
the Confederation ; and the ordinance of 17S7
was adopted for its government, which is so
often referred to, and has become celebrated
as giving expression to the sentiments of the
great men of that day upon the question now
at issue between the Republican and Demo-
cratic parties of the country. The word white
is not to be found in that ordinance, and under
it colored men claimed the rights of citizenship
and exercised all the rights of citizens, includ-
ing the right to vote. This Congress ofthe Con-
federation appointed a Convention to frame a
Constitution for the United States to take the
