41P
TSE CONGRESSIONAL GJjQBS.
January 9,
The Clerk read as follows:
Kilmainham Prison,
Dublin, Irkland, AujmsJ 2,1867.
Dear Sir: I suppose amid the excitement of the
great city of New York you have forgotten all about
me. I have not forgotten you, because, from my
knowledge of you and your reputation, you have an
oirl habit of doing your best to get a fighting Irish-
man out of a tight placo; so now, honorable sir, I
\vill give you a chance to ply your favorite vocation.
You know I am an unmitigated Irishman, and love
every blade of grass that grows on her soil; and you
also know that that is not a very sad failing. You
know I am an American citizen, and hare a perfect
right to pack my valuables and go where I please,
and that as long as I do not violate any local laws
where I may be located that no one has a right to in-
terfere with my liberty. You also know that Mr.
Bull has been materially annoying Uncle Sam's sub-
jects lately. You know that the strongest plank in
the American Constitution is equality, no distinction
between the native and adopted citizen, and you also
know that Mr. Bull in my caso is disregarding this,
and is holding me to an allegiance which I threw off
the first opportunity 1 got. You know that it was the
wise insertion of this same plank by the fathers of
the Republic which has raised your cities, felled your
woods, built your railroads, created your armies and
navies, and in fact which has made your country
great, glorious, and free; and you also know that the
nou-proteetion or non-respect of this plank taps at
the vital interest of your powerful country, and is a
blighting blow at human liberty. Yon know'that
your vast Territories, and southern and western
States are yearning for the hardy sons of toil to settle
and develop their mighty resources; and you also
know that it is that aforesaid plank which invites
the settlers and producers, and which has planted in
America a bulwark of democracy before whose colos-
sal strength combined European monarchies and
imperialism stand appalled. Knowing all this, hon-
orable and dear sir, permit me now to simply lay my
case before you.
I arrived in Ireland in the latter end of May with
a glowing love lor my unfortunate old home and a
hope to see her condition improved. You havenever
experienced that heavenly feeling which the exile
feels as he nears the scenes of his happy boyhood. No,
sir. I hope you never will be an exile. God, for His
own wise purposes, with giving us one of the loveliest
spots for a home, has coupled with it an inordinate
lore of that home, and has mysteriously decreed that
the greatest part of ua should wander as exiles through
the world; and thus it is that you find the Irishman
all the world over, while he discharges his allegiance
and performs his duties to all, evflrturning hiswateh-
ful gaze to his early home, ever hoping, ever praying,
that ouce more before he dies lie may revel in the
bliis of treading her sacred soil. Put me down then,
dear sir, as the veriest Irishman you ever saw, and
picture to yourself what my feelings must be when,
within a few miles of the actual scenes of my boy-
hood, I was arrested,flung into a dungeon, and have
been there since in close confinement, subjected to
the same treatment as theordinary prisoners. I have
violated none of her majesty's laws. I have been in
America from my boyhood, and the English Govern-
ment has no control over me, only based on a disre-
gard of the United States right of conferring citizen-
ship. I would have written to you before, but I was
given to understand up to a few days ago that I would
be released. I have written to the President to-day.
You will confer a favor on me which will Ifc appre-
ciated U you write to him calling his attention to my
case. It would be well to remind him that during the
late rebellion 1 was an officer in the Federal Army.
Yours, respectfully, JOHN WARREN.
Hon. Fernando Wood.
New York, Augutt 16,1867.
Dius Six: I have just received a letter from
Colonel John Warren, late of the Federal Army, and
a citizen of the United States, dated August 2, and
written from the jail in Dublin where he is confined
a prisoner without specific charges, and, as he be-
lieves, without just grounds.
This is but one of many cases where American citi-
zens of Irish birth and some of American birth are
detained by the British Government under some pre-
text or other. It is a common thing in Ireland for
the emissaries of this tyrannical power to arrest
and incarcerate in dungeons your own countrymen
for no other apparent reason than that they are your
countrymen. The fact that the person is an Amer-
ican appears to be sufficient justification for the per-
petration of these wrongs. This is a national insult
which our Government is not at liberty to overlook.
Every citizen, whether native or adopted, is entitled
to protection, and in the present case the obligation'
rests upon us with more than ordinary force.
The reasons which render our Irish adopted citi-
lens so obnoxious in English eyes are because as a
class they are so entirely and purely American in
their views of republioan liberty and in opposition
to despotism. They hate England because England
oppresses their native land and the faith of their
fathers. They would be unworthy of their own his-
tory and degenerate Americans if they could feel
otherwise under the circumstances.
I therefore, Mr. President, respectfully but earn-
estly ask your immediate attention to this subject.
I know that other publio duties are pressing, but
still the urgency of these cases and the national
honorinvolved and the duty we owe alarge, patriotic,
and valuable class of fellow-citizens, requires prompt
action.
The peopla have confidence in your devotion to
the interest of all without distinction of nationality
or caste, and hope that you will turn aside for a
moment from the cares of other public questions to
give this immediate thought and official action.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
FERNANDO WOOD.
Hon. Andrew Johnson.
Department of Statu,
Washington, Augunt 22,1807.
Sir : The letter which you addressed to the Presi-
dent on the 10th of August relating to the case of
Colonel John Warren, late of the United States
Army, who has been arrested, together with William
J. Nagle, and with him detained in Dublin under the
suspension of the hubeat corptxact, has been referred
to this Department.
The subject has received the attention of this De-
partment, which understands that those persons are
citizens of the United States and that .there are no
sufficient grounds to charge them with the commission
of any offense against the laws of Great Britain, and
has good reason to believe that they have already
been or will without further delay bo discharged.
I have the honor to be.sir.yourobedicntservant,
WILLIAM H.SEWAKD.
Hon. Fernando Wood, New York.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, the President ot*
that occasion did attempt to intercede in behalf
of Colonel Warren and Colonel Nagle. A con-
ference was had between the Secretary of State
and Sir Frederick Bruce, the then minister of
England to this capital; and Sir Frederick
Bruce telegraphed to Lord Stanley recom-
mending the release of those two persons. The
British Government, however, has never acted
upon that recommendation. Not only do these
persons continue to be incarcerated in prison,
but the rigor of their confinement has been
very materially increased. It will be seen by
the letter of the Secretary of State that lie
admits that two American citizens are unjustly
and illegally confined in British* prisons; yet
six months have elapsed without any further
action on his part to protect the rights and
honor of the American Government abroad,
as represented in the persons of these two cit-
izens.
Sir, this action of the British Government is
a direct, intentional, and studied insult to the
United States of America. It is entirely in
keeping with the whole policy and conduct of
Great Britain toward this country. She has
always exhibited her animus, her vindictive-
ness, heir malignity toward us. From the
timeofourKevolution, down through the causes
which led to the war of 1812, and during our
late unfortunate war of the rebellion, her
whole couduct has been insulting, has been
arrogant, has been such as no proud, great,
and tree people should submit to or tolerate a
day longer. The intrigues of Great Britain
were the immediate cause of the late rebel-
lion. It was the implied promises which Brit-
ish emissaries in this country gave to the south-
ern leaders in 1860 that precipitated the south-
ern States into open rebellion—assurances
that the South should be recognized by Eng-
land—assurances of material aid and support
if they would attempt a separation of the
States. It was by such me&ns that the south-
ern leaders were emboldened to undertake
that hazardous and dreadful attempt to over-
throw our Government. And during the war
all the sympathies of Great Britain, all her
aid, all the moral, and indeed more than moral,
power that she could afford to give in behalf
of the rebellion was freely given. What has,
been the course of England herself under like
circumstances? Her history is full of instances
where promptly and decidedly she has de-
manded the release of her citizens when impris-
oned by foreign Powers.
Indeed she has gone even further than that
with us. See has not been content with waiting
for the detention of her own subjects ; she has
even demanded the release to her of our own peo-
ple who had committed the highest of all polit-
ical crimes, and who, in pursuance of our laws,
was captured upon the ocean with hostile intent.
We have not forgotten the celebrated Trent case.
In this instance an American cruiser captured
at sea Slidell and Mason, prominent members
of the confederate government, en route to
Europe as ambassadors of the confederacy to
France and England. They were taken, in pur-
suance of instructions, from on board the Trent,
a private steamer under the English flag! The
event at the time caused great rejoicing in this
country. , Commodore Wilkes, the American
officer who made the arrest, was complimented
by the whole Union press. The Secretary of
the Navy sent to him a letter of thanks and
congratulations. The corporation of the city of
New York voted him the freedom of the city
and gave him a public reception. The Presi-
dent and Secretary of War took possession of
the prisoners and ordered their commitment to
Fort Warren, toawait punishment for their trea-
son. Thus did the Government fully indorse
the arrest and detention of these men. It vir-
tually assumed the act and placed itself in the
attitude of full responsibility forit. Now, what
was the course of England, and what was the
course of the then Administration ? John Bull
growled and Brother Jonathan trembled. The
immediate surrender of the prisoners was de-
manded in bold and unequivocal language, and
the United States exhibited itself craven-like
before the nations of this world by yielding them
up with a base and humiliating apology. Nor
is this all; England not only demanded the
return of these prisoners to an English vessel,
but, in addition, that a rebuke should be admin-
istered to the officer who, acting under instruc-
tions, had made the arrest. And even to this
lower depth of national degradation our Secre-
tary of State was willing to descend. Not con-
tent with a public exhibition of. cowardice, he
added to it additional ignominy by consenting
to the disgrace of a valiant and chivalric officer,
merely to please i mperious JohnBull—a natio rial
meanness without parallel among modern
nations.
Sir, the conduct of Great Britain toward our
Government has been of a piece all through.
She has not forgiven us for the American Kev-
olution, nor the war of 1812, nor our success
in commerce, trade, and manufactures, and
least of all has she forgiven us for our triumph-
ant success in maintaining the integrity of the
Union even against her secret intrigues, her
opeu countenance and encouragement to our
foes. I charge that one of the immediate
causes which precipitated the South into rebel-
; lion was the implied promises that were made
1 to southern leaders in this city in 1869 and
1860. Promises of material aid were made,
offers of Rpeedy recognition were tendered in
advance, and the usual intrigues of European
diplomacy were resorted to to promote and
cause the attempted revolution which then
occurred. I was at the time assured by those
who subsequently became the master-spirits
of the rebellion that if the South took that
step England would be her open ally in thirty
days. Sir, the conduct of Great Britain to-
ward this country has been hostile from the
start. Next to an Irishman, if there is any
man on earth whom an Englishman hates it
is an American. With more pride than merit
lie feels his inferiority, but has no resort but
relief in animosity, arising from disappoint*
meut and jealousy.
N ow the time has arrived when this nation
must assert its rights and vindicate its honor.
We must not only speak but demand. If these
insults are continued let there be stronger
language than mere diplomatic protests. Let
us have such a protest as General Jackson sent
to France ; such a protest as England sent to us
in the Trent case; and such a protest as shall be
susceptible of but one interpretation, namely,
that of immediate compliance or war.
In these remarks I have omitted any refer-
ence to the pending struggle in Ireland between
the Irish people and the British Government.
1 hat question does not come up legitimately in
this debate. It is not before this House, nor
is it probably, as yet, a proper subject for offi-
cial interference. Let us first make demand
for redress for the insults upon the honor and
aggression upon the rights of our citizens. If
this is denied let us take the course which is
becoming to a proud and able nation, who '' ask
nothing but what is right and will not submit
to anytking wrong.'' If this course shall cause
hostilities, let them come. If they do come
the great problem of self-government will be
