3850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
unwise as to go against it. And it ia notuntil
some man prejudiced against; it starts out to
find reason why it should not be paid that
any ground can be found upon which lie can
make a specious argument, however great his
ability.
Sir, this is a plain case. The Government
of the United States took this land for its own
purposes. The Government exchanged this
land for four million acres of land beyond Lake
Superior, and it has that land now. We must
yield this laud to settlers. We are bound by
treaty to do so, and this appropriation is to be
paid only when we have done so.
I his is a just claim ; and I appeal once more
to the justice of this House to stand by the
friends of the Government, and to stand by
the faith of the Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
I he SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment of the .Senate.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I with-
draw my amendment to the amendment.
Mr. PE IERS. I would inquire of the Chair
whether, it we vote to concur in this amend-
ment of the Senate, we do not vote to sustain
the report of the Committee on Appropri-
ations?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. T will tell
the gentleman.
Mr. PEIERS. I asked the Speaker; not
thegentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washuukxe.]
ihe SPEAKER. The Committee 011 Ap-
propriations recommend concurrence in this
amendment.
Ihe question recurred upon concurring in
the amendment of the Senate, to add to the
bill the following:
And be it further enacted, That for the pur-
pose of executing the luurth article ol the treaty of
ISM >"'.'."Ston, concluded on the Qtli day of August
Kg- Mf rotary oftho Treasury is hoUv author-
iztd and directed to pay to the State of Maine lor
/ino h.u.n<?rcd twenty-five
, sned hyx s;U({-?t\l-tc t0 ^ettlciri under
fc-iiu ariiclc, <i sum equ il to $1 23 per acre; and to
^om'nonvroaIth of Massachusetts for twenty-six
p r0li ,mil J,r0ros ot' a sura
equal to ;>1 2o per aero: Provided, Th;>t before said
Kh'.li ti? t *u^tiicStatosof MaineandMns-noliusetts
frrwm th W1(.r United fetatcs that the settlers
F iftninA 1'f10,1?113 m ^ho 1^(0disputed tenitory
ia entitled t0 1)0 quieted in their powc^iona
kyemmm^ious heretofore insiiiufcd
o mXK a/.c/^s'V>V 'uivo been or shall bo quieted by
a release ol the title of the said States
July 8,
The question was then taken upon concur-
ring m the amendment of the Senate : and
upon a division there were—ayes 57, noes 43
Before the result was announced,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
the yeas and nays.
'Hie yens and navs were ordered.
The question was again taken ; and it was
decided 111 the atlii illative—yeas 64, i.viv.s •!/
not voting 87; as follows: ' '
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson Arncll
Do os It. Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin. Banks 13 on to •
ChurcMlf Owe, 5cnJllm"V, F" Sutler, Chan lor'
WrS   ' P&vrcs, Der/ccsc, Donnelly, Ecklev Eia
Ui'nd-- li!7IS5' ?r C,'^' Oriswold, Hamilton, llisby
limlb.lloopcr. Hopkins. Chester 33 Hubbard Ifnl'
K,hw'rtor-'J^CTk0S- H. Jones?Julian
Kelsey, George ^ . Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, Marvin*
Pclersrp'ike' p !'SoI>' Pertain,'
z tiers, l ikc, rJants, Pomeroy, Price Sawvor Smith
xsAib Me.^sis. Axtell,Baker,J3eatty B^ek 7n-Wr
F n"*p '' ®itr¥' £°',h, Uoburn, Cook, Cuflom Del-
ano, iarnsivorth, Fcrrv Frennh il/J!.'i i• >
Knott K 1Io]ln'a - Juddf'Kitehe^
^oontz \ ilham Woncc., Wl,ridKe(5fe,-'
Sebonolt Scofield. Selye, Shellabarger, Sitsroavs,
otowart.Taylor. John frimblc, Lawrence S. Trimble
Upson, Van Acrnain. Van Auken, Burt Van Horn,
Van 1 rump Van Wvek Ward, Wclkcr. Thomas
WiUmms. Wilhara Williams. Stephen i\ Wilson,
iVood, and Woodward—87.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Sixty-seventh amendment:
Add to the bill the following as a new section:
bEO. Jvnd be it further emieted, That, tile Sec-
tary ot the Interior, in his discretion, is authorized
to oxpend the appropriation heretofore made for the
purpose of erecting a prnitentinry for the Territory
ot Colorado, on the site belonging to and provided
by the said Territory for the purpose.
T2ic Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. A\ASHBURNE, of Illinois, obtained
the floor.
r. ^' ii ^'V^^ARD. I ask the gentleman
from Illinois to yield to allow a motion to be
made to reconsider the vote by which the
amendment making an appropriation for the
custom-house at Nashville was rejected. Itis
desired that a brief explanation upon that
point may be made. The amendment was
voted upon without attracting the attention of
those more particularly interested in the
matter.
T,,?*r\ ^ ',0Pe the gentleman from
. ois IVasiibprke] will give us a little
time to dismiss that matter.
Mr. BUfLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
there will be no objection to allowing the
motion to reconsidcr to be made.
Mr. WASHBURNE-^ of Illinois. I yield
to allow the motion to lie made.
Mr. AIINELL. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House non-concurred in the
twenty-first amendment of the Senate.
Ihe SPEAKER. The amendment will be
read.
Ihe Cleric read as follows:
Insert after lino two hundred and forty-two the
following new paragraph:
,,, °nahlo the Socre.tiiry of the Treasury to enlarge
ou'tom-'tt&f "hviUe &r th0 ore"tio  a
Jfl'v iIr- Speaker, I feel sure
that it the ^ House understood the facts in re-
gard to this amendment of the Senate they
would concur m it. By aetof August 18, 1850
an appropriation was made to this effect:
Nashville, Tennessee, for the accommodation
of the custom-house, post office, United States eouits
ri Vb oiM1Av<Jf,ve11fP°fCI0rS, 'i building of like mate-
i,- i . ! onB by Slx,-V ^leep and sixty
ioet high, to cost not more than §95.000."
An additional appropriation was afterward
made of ^20,000 to buy a site for this building.
Ihe ot was purchased in a very desirable and
suirablo pan of the city of Nashville. Owing
to various reasons, the war among others, the
erection ol the building was prevented. The
ground purchased is much too small for the
proposed custom-house, which isgreatlyneeded.
One hundred and twenty-four thousand five
hundred dollars has been appropriated, but, as
1 understand, it cannot be used for the pur-
chase of additional ground. In the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury for 1801-G2, I
hnct the iollowing tabular statement :
and John T. Wilson—47, "dsuourn,
not VOtTNG—Messrs. Adams, Archer, James M
Ashley. Barnes, Bariuim, Ucaman, Benjamin Bine'
ham, Blaine, boyer. Brooks. BFoomall, Buc'kland
Burr, Roderick II. Butler, Cake. Reader W. Clarke
Sidney Clarke, Corn ell, Covode, Dixon,Dodge, Uri^gs'
telcston Eldndfo. Fields, Finney, Fox, Goti, gS
weliT °m Ka'sey. Harding, Hotehkiss. Asahel
M . Hubbard, Itiehnrd D. Hubbard, Ilnmphrey. In-
Eeh ^''^""iTliomaj L. Jones. Kcllev, Kerr,
Ketcham, Laflin. Lincoln, Logan, Mai lory Marshall
w'1 JIc'PeS-,.,J?or,rell},Mon"isscy. Mungen',
Miuis, Newcomb ISiblaek, Pile, PoMoy, Prnvn
Randall, Raum, Robertson, Robineon, Roots, Ross',
Location
Custom-liouso.
Post Offiep
il>'Vrnu<>
Qollccted.
Rfivmn
collected.
Nashville, Tenn.
SIS,022 00
?20,336 0
rn ®tilte,menl. the latest that I can find, is
lor the fiscal year ending June SO, 1857 From
personal inspection, I know that additional
ground ,s needed. My colleague whopre-
sents this district [Mr. Thimble] is not in his
seat, or he could state the necessity for this
rcan0PrTf0n more forcibly and  > detail than
T t V .,lhF,.a™ou,lt 1S small, is necessary, and
1 trust it will be granted.
Mr. MAYNAliD. I ask my colleao-ue TMr
Ark-eu ] whether the officer having cSarge of
subject has not recommended this appro-
priation, and whether, from his knowledge of
the property, he does not consider the amount
named a very moderate price for the lot in
question.
Mr. ARNELL. M3' understanding is that
the appropriation has been recommended by
the proper officer, and it is certainly a very
moderate sum for property in the locality of
the original purchase.
On the motion to reconsider, there were—
ayes twenty-three, noes not counted.
Mr. ARNELL called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the motion to reconsider was not agreed
to.
Mr, WASHBUKNE, of Illinois. I move
to reconsider the votes 011 concurring in the
various Senate amendments ; and also move
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I move
that the House ask the appointment of a com-
mute of conference 011 the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
SECURITY OF PASSENGERS ON 8T13AMBOATS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, ot Illinois, from the
Committee 011 Commcrcc, reported a bill (H.
p1- No. 13/2) for the better security of life on
board of vessels propelled in whole or in part by
steam, and for other purposes; which was read
a lirst and second time, ordered, with the ac-
companying-papers, to be printed, and recom-
mitted.
THOMAS W. VTA ED.
Mr. ELIOT. I want to report back from
the Committee 011 Commerce Senate bill No.
542, for the relief of Thomas W. Ward, col-
lector of customs at Corpus Christi, Texas,
several Members. Let us hear the bill first.
l,lU Wlls read- It proposes to direct the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury to
settle the accounts of Thomas W. Ward, late
collector of customs for the district of Corpus
io).r-JStl' iexas' from March 5, 1867, to July 81,
l b7, and to allow him the same compensation
and emoluments as if lie had been legally col-
lector of customs for that district for that period,
ft further proposes to recognize the deputy col-
lector appointed by Thomas W. Ward on the
7th of March, 1867, as the legal deputy Col-
lector of the district, and the accounting offi-
cers are to settle his accounts in the same man-
ner as if he had been legally appointed and all
111s acts were legal.
t not understand that.
Should like to know upon what ground this is
proposed to be done for this gentleman?
re« 1' ■BE^JA-JIIN'. 1 object, and call for the
regular order of business.
the HoufefAKEU" Th<m ^ WU iS DOt before
removal of political disabilities.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
No i v-q ,• eonsiderario!i of House bill
I0" 13d3> 'or the removal of certain disabili-
ties from the persons therein named, reported
£onehvyt rom th? Commi«ee on Itecoifs.ruc
[Mr. Boutwell!] emiln f™m Massachusetts,
0f^ohiirWM read" ^ provides (two thirds
Sf-vera nI c°nc*mt}S therein) that the
1 Pei'f.0!ls hereinafter named shall be
unnn'^)^ re ve fr°ra all disabilities imposed
""l"1;®' or either of them, by the act
InviL ' 18C7' e,?,itlcd "An act t0
Ft.o 1 1 Sr ,more efficient government of
e rebel States," and the acts supplementary
thereto, and the amendment of the Constitu-
fonrteen ed States known as article
P JLn?reIoi^\0\vHwnris'rSttmmer- Jobn P. Kinard, E.
If" P 1 A ^ouscal, of Nowberry county,
casti;. lapm£Pd- Gr0liSv ll0: Elilm Mom-e, Lan-
rens- it f C&wncyi F4Mfld' Lawis Dial. Lai-
CbmiJLJ a v"£rd' ^"wberry; J. C. Wilier,
Greenville- «" w %ma-d' Newberry: H. Bnatie,
Thnmni P„ V ¥,alii,'10S' Williamgburcr; D. L.
J-liomaf, Beaufort; i\ C. Gowan, H. C. Sfarkloy
