1802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 3
bearings. The honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Baxks,] in his remarks
upon the original bill a few days ago, made
the declaration that the United States has
always openly and frankly acknowledged the
right of expatriation in her own citizens. The
honorable gentleman also embodied in that
bill th'? unguarded declaration that this prin-
ciple ':as " been insisted upon and maintained
by the Government of the United States."
Sir, whether that is true or not depends
wholly upon the meaning of the terms used.
If the honorable gentleman means, by the use
of the term "Government," to embrace only
the executive branch, and which would be a
very extraordinary proposition to come just now
from that side of the House, the statement
would be partially correct, but not otherwise.
But, in its ordinary and natural meaning, I
do not so understand the public history of this
question in this countiy. It may be true in an
■unoliieial popular sense, or it may be true even
in regard to ourdiplomatic intercourse, through
the Executive, with other nations. 1 do not
know how this may be, but the assertion is not
strictly correct either in a judicial or a legislative
point of view. In that sense it is not a well-
sustained historical remark. Sir, in regard to
our past public and official action, especially in
a judicial point of view, I earnestly indorse
the provisions of the first section of the bill
now under consideration. That section reads
as follows:
Be it enacted, &c„ That any declaration, instruc-
tion, opinion, order, or decision of any olficers of this
Government which denies, rcancts, impairs, or ques-
tions tho right of expatriation is hereby declared
inconsistent with tho fundamental principles of this
Government, and thcrcforo null and void.
To show the force and necessitv of these pro-
visions a brief review of the judicial and legis-
lative history of this question in this country
is not only appropriate but important. In the
first place, in a legislative point of view, the
passage by Congress of the celebrated alien
act of 1798 did not very successfully show that
we, even in that early day of our history,
"openly and frankly acknowledged" the doc-
trine. It is true. Mr. Speaker, that, as a con-
sequence of the passage of that act, the admin-
istration of John Adams was overthrown by
one of the mostoverwhelming popular demon-
strations in the history of the country; but I
am looking at the question, not in its popular
aspect, but in that oificial and authoritative
character in which one nation recognizes the
position and action of another. The first at-
tempt within the scope of my investigation or
recollection to recognize the principle by pos-
itive legislative enactment was in 1814. during
the war with England. One reason, perhaps,
why it failed—and I admit it would have been
a sound and adequate one if of constitutional
authority—was the very fact that we were then
engaged in war. In January. 1814. Mr. Rob-
ertson, a leading Representative from the State
of Louisiana, submitted a resolution to appoint
a special committee to inquire into the expe-
diency of providing by law for the exercise of
the right of expatriation in behalf of native and
naturalized citizens of the UnitedStates. Like
tiie present proposition now before the House
it gave rise to no party feelings or party action.
Federalists and Democrats alike voted for and
against it. The resolution was opposed upon
various grounds; some thought it ill-timed and
inexpedient, others feared it would interfere
with pending or contemplated negotiations in
relation to the war; some thought that in its
nature it was too abstract, others that it might
be in violation of the municipal laws of foreign
nations ; and some members opposed it for the
reason that it would hold out encouragement
to desertion in the Army. The consequence
was that the resolution was laid upon the table
by a decided majority. Again, in 1818, sev-
eral years after the termination of the war, the
same gentleman introduced a bill into this
House having the same object in view. The
bill was very earnestly and ably debated for
several davs, but was filially deleated by a vnte
of 70 to oft.
So much, Mr. Speaker, for the legislative
history of this question. I now propose to
turn for a moment to its judicial history. It
is a somewhat singular fact that this question
was not mooted either in the proceedings or
the debates of the Convention which framed
the Constitution. It was incidentally touched
upon, however, at a very early day. in the Su-
preme Court of the United States. In the
very first case (Talbot vs. Janson; 3 Dall.,
133) in which the question of expatriation
was alluded to and incidentally passed upon,
and which arose upon the renouncement of
the party under tho provisions of a law of the
State of Virginia, passed in 1792, substantially
the same as those of my proposed amendment.
Judge Paterson recognized the necessity of an
act of Congress upon the subject. In deliver-
ing the opinion of the court he used the fol-
lowing language:
"A statute of tho United States relative to expa-
triationis much wanted, especially as the common
law of Jbnglaud is, by tho constitutions of some of
tho States, recognized and adopted. Besides, ascer-
taining by positive law tho manner in which expa-
triation may bo effected would obviate doubts under
tho subject notorious and easy of apprehension, and
present tho rule of civil conduct in a very interest-
ing point."
In the case of Murray vs. schooner Charm-
ing Betsy (2 Cranch, 64) Chief Justice Mar-
shall intimated a doubt whether a citizen of
the United States can divest himself abso-
lutely of that character otherwise than ii^such
manner as may be prescribed by law. This
was in the year 1804. In 1797 the case of
Isaac Williams was tried in the circuit court
of the United States for Connecticut, Chief
Justice Ellsworth presiding. The facts were
briefly these: Williams was indicted for accept-
ing a commission under the French republic,
and under the authority thereof committing
acts of hostility against Great Britain. On the
trial he alleged, and offered to prove, that he
had expatriated himself from the United States
and become a French citizen before the com-
mencement of the war between France and
England. This raised the direct question as
to the right of expatriation in this country with-
out a law of Congress, and Chief Justice Ells-
worth is reported to have explicitly denied the
right, and to have asserted that the common
law of England was the lawofthe United States
on the subject of expatriation. The prisoner
was found guilty, fined, and imprisoned.
Sir, I cannot agree with the honorable Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs when they assert, as
they do in their report, that the defense thus
set up by Williams '' was manifestly an evasion,
and that the just purpose of the court was to
show that no such defense could be recognized
for such purpose.'' Mr. Speaker, that is rather
a bold and summary mode of getting rid of the
force of an existing judicial precedent. It be-
longs to the comprehensive system of modern
politics. No sound or cautious lawyer would
assume any such position as that. The defend-
ants a regular criminal procedure, in asoiemn
court of justice, put in his plea in bar, setting
up the facts of expatriation and naturalization
as a full defense to the action. To this plea
there was a demurrer, which raised the direct
question of the right of expatriation. The de-
murrer admitted the facts set up in the plea;
and it is something more than "evasion" on
the part of the committee, it is the torturing
of legal truth, to say that it was the purpose of
the court to censure evasive pleading rather
than to adjudicate a solemn principle of law.
Here, then, Mr. Speaker, we have exhibited
to our observation the state of legislation and
the unsatisfactory and uncertain chai'acter of
judicial interpretation upon this great question
of the right of expatriation of an American citi-
zen. Sir, these judicial hints and indications
upon the question of this right, and the fact that
on two several occasions, a half century ago,
Congress had, in effect, refused to assert the
I right, have placed us in so equivocal and in-
!' consistent an attitude before the world that the
imperious duty is now pressed upon us to set
ouivolvos right upon th(J question. It has been
ii said, Mr. Speaker, that the Convention which
framed the Constitution would not liaveaa- >
thorized Congress to naturalize the subjects of 0
foreign States if they had not acknowledged
the right of tho foreigner to renounce his alle-
giance to his native country and assume a new
one here. Nothing can be more conclusive
than this proposition by way of argument. But '
it inferentially acknowledges another thing, and
that is, econverso foreign Governments, who re-
cognize this principle as to their own citizens
or subjects emigrating to our shores, have the
right to demand of us the unqualified recogni-
tion of the same right in relation to our own
citizens emigrating to foreign. States. ~ ..;
Sir, I failed to comprehend why it was that
the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs [Mr. Banks] was so much op-
posed to the amendment of the honorablegen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward,]
and to all amendments whatsoever to the ori-
ginal bill. I did not feel the force of the reasons
he gave for his opposition to those amend- '
ments. Sir, the question is, shall we reverse
or sustain our former position upon this all-
absorbing question? Shall we clear away the
fog which envelopes it or increase its density?
If we have been wrong heretofore let us be
right now. The question is squarely put to os
in the first section of the bill now before us.
The proposition is too serious and important
for us to be trifling with it any longer. Duty
to those Powers of the world who have recog-
nized the right of emigration and expatriation,
as well as a just indignation against those who
have refused to recognize it, alike call upon us
to take such position now as will put an end to
all doubt ana uncertainty in the future. Mr.
Speaker, in the former debate upon the original
bill the singular position of the honorable
chairman of the committee was thatit is im-
possible to legislate upon this subject, and
give now, by positive enactment, the right of
expatriation to American citizens, "without by
that very act enabling-foreign Governments to
say to us that up to this date our citizens had
no right to expatriate themselves;" and that
in such state of case they would be " debarred
from claiming the protection in foreign States
which it is the purpose of this bill to accord t(.
them." Sir, was that not "a most lame and
impotent conclusion ?" Suppose they do say
so, what then ? Could they not, if we shall re-
main silent now, make the same charge at any
time hereafter when we shall assert the right
either in the nails of legislation or upon the
tented field? Can any amendment to a bill, or
a refusal to amend it, annihilate the history of
the past ? Can a single act done or omitted to
be done in the past be changed in the slightest
degree by anything we may now do or refuse to
do? No, sir; there can be no modification ot
the past; its facts have gone into history; they
can neither be ignored or blotted out. We
may create a new futnre, but we cannot make
a new past. We must act upon this question
now as though it was the first time it ever chal-
lenged our attention, either as judges or legis-
lators. If our course heretofore in the admin-
istration of public affairs in relation to this
question has been indeterminate and vague
and uncertain, will anything we may now do or
refuse to do make our past action or non-action
any more direct or significant ? Certainly not.
It is the living present we have to deal with,
not the dead past. _ '< ;*"'
Sir, the logic of the gentleman is about this:
because we have heretofore neglected or failed
to assert and establish a great right in behalf
of American citizenship; because we have for
more than eighty years lived without a law to
provide the means for its exercise, and pre-
serve the evidence of the fact when so exer-
cised, we should still continue in that line
of policy; and that even now, when that pre-
cious and inestimable right, so essential to the
full enjoyment of the highest liberty in tha
pursuit of happiness, is being daily assailed
and trampled under foot by our ancient enemy,
we should absolutely refuse to declare and de-
fine it in terms befitting its grave importance
for fear that by its assertion ltow we would
