2826
THE 00N"GRESSI0 NAL GLOBE.
June %i
Mr. HIGBY. I do not so understand it.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then if it has any in-
trinsic value besides the expense of getting it
from the mines and putting it in circulation
among the people why not tax that additional
value ?
Mr. HIGBY. That has been the weight of
my argument; that if to-day you could figure
up all the expense and labor bestowed in getting
gold and silverfrom the mines, as labor is paid
elsewhere and in other employments and pur-
suits, you would have an actual loss upon the
amount invested.
Mr. MAYNARD. I did not make my inquiry
of the gentleman in any spirit of contradiction.
Mr. HIGBY. I did not so understand the
gentleman. You will find that my statement
in regard to gold and silver is borne out by
the unanimous concurrence of men who have
had the most experience in this business of
the employment of capital and the applica-
tion of labor to the production of gold and
silver.
Mr. BROOMALL. Then there is no in-
trinsic value in gold and silver.
Mr. HIGBY. No, sir, there is not.
Mr. "WOOD. Mr. Chairman-—-
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
California yield the floor ?
Mr. HIGBY. Certainly.
Mr. WOOD. Though the hour is now late,
I feel compelled to say a few words in reply to
the gentleman from California.
Mr. HIGBY. I have no objection to that,
although I am not quite through yet.
Mr. WOOD. Ibegthegentleman'spardon;
I do not wish to interrupt him. I thought he
had concluded his remarks.
Mr. HIGBY. I do not wish to be under-
stood as saying that to the country at large,
taking all branches of industry into considera-
tion, the taking of gold and silver from the
mines is not an advantage and a gain rather
than a loss. These millions of the precious
metals taken from the mines become a grand
stimulant to all other branches of industry and
enterprise, not only in the vicinity of the mines,
but all over the country. But when you come
to the question of return and profit to those
who actually take those precious metals from
the mines, I say that they do not get a compen-
sation equal to that afforded by other kinds of
business. That is the universal testimony of
all who have any acquaintance, either by expe-
rience or observation, with the business of
taking gold and silver from the mines. And
for that reason this kind of labor should never
be directly taxed. Revenue should be raised
without hindering this branch of industry. Gen-
tlemen may not understand it; it may be a
mystery to them; but the grand result will
bear me out in the statement I have made.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, bat a few words.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am very reluctant to
object to the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wood] proceeding now ; but I believe the rules
of the House forbid any gentleman speaking
twice upon the same subject while there are
others who desire to be heard.
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope my colleague, [Mr.
Higby,] before he yields the floor, will allow
mo a few minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. Perhaps the gentleman
from New York will indicate how man}' min-
utes he'desires?
Mr. WOOD. Only a few minutes.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will my colleague yield
to me for a few moments ?
Mr. HIGBY. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to say that I in-
dorse every word my colleague has uttered on
this subject. I would like, if I had time, to go
over the ground myself, and on some future
occasion 1 may do so.
I take the position that this Government
ought not to tax the miner, and (although I
have been charged witli advocating a bill for
the sale of the mines) I hold that this Govern-
ment has no right to sell the mines; that this
Government has nothing to do with the ques-
tion.
Mr. MULLINS. Do you hold that the Gov-
ernment at the common expense should appro-
priate the mines for the sole benefit of the few
people who may go there and dig out the gold?
Mr. JOHNSON. I hold, sir, that the Gov-
ernment has nothing to do with hunting for
mines; that the people find the mines and
work them for the benefit of the people.
Mr. MULLINS. I am speaking of the abso-
lute right which the Government has to the
property. Is the Government to give this prop-
erty away to one man or a few men, securing
no benefit to the mass of the people?
Mr. JOHNSON. The Government of the
United States, under our institutions, does not
own the mines. Until within the last six or
seven years there was never any pretense by
any lawyer of this country that this Govern-
ment owned the mines for purposes of absolute
control.
Mr. MULLINS. Are the mines in the
earth or above the earth? [Laughter.] I
mean by that to ask whether the Government
does not own the land in which the mines are -
found?
Mr. JOHNSON. In the remarks which I
have made I have referred to the mines of
precious metal.
Mr. HIGBY. I understood that a part of
the argument of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wood] was that the Government of the
United States ought to take these mines into
its own possession and, I suppose, work them,
appropriating the avails to aid in paying the
national debt. But I will say to the gentle-
man that if when the mines of California were
discovered, the Government had taken them
and worked them, paying fair wages to miners,
such wages as have been paid in other branches
of business, Cal ifornia would be to-day wealthier
by several millions than she is. That would
have been the amount of the loss to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, because indi-
viduals, with the same amount of labor and
capital, can produce more than the Govern-
ment can. I yield five minutes to the gentle-
man from New York.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, I have very
great respect for the interest which these two
gentlemen from California [Mr. Higby and
Mr. Johnson] evince in this question, which,as
they appear to think, necessarily affects the
interests of their constituents. I think that the
gentleman from California [Mr. IIigby] did
not hear the whole of my remark0, or if he did,
I failed to make myself understood as to what
I propose with reference to those mining
regions. I am prepared to show, and shall
show hereafter, that the gentleman's proposi-
tion and data are incorrect when he says that
it has cost all the value of the precious metals
to procure them. But, sir, notwithstanding
the fact that for four or five years—from 1848
till 1852-53—the surface mining was really a
matter of no expense to those who pursued it,
I am willing to admit forthe purpose of answer-
ing the gentleman in one word, that thus far
the labor of mining gold in California has cost
all it has produced.
But, sir, I do not propose^ for this Govern-
ment any such kind of mining as those men
have pursued. The gentleman talks of pro-
tecting the interests of the miner down in the
bowels of the earth. Why, sir, the labor of
an humble miner, toiling in the face ot phys-
ical difficulties of the most stupendous char-
acter, can of course avail but little ; and even
the mining companies, although some of them
have made immense amounts of money, are
insufficient to grapple with the difficulties ot
this great work. Their operations are but as
a drop in the bucket compared with the skill,
the capital, the labor which I propose this
Government shall exert for the purpose of
reaching spots which neither individual enter-
prise nor corporate power has been capable of
reaching.
Now does the gentleman understand me?
Admit it to be all true down to this period, I
propose, if the Government goes into the enter-
prise, that the work shall be herculean in its
character. Take the Gomstock lode in the
State of Nevada. It is admitted by the best
opinion we have from that State that with help
from Congress that can be made to yield thou-
sands of millions of dollars. They ask for an
appropriation of $5,000,000. They say they
have procured $16,000,000 without the ex-
penditure of money. That is the report upon
your tables. They say they will produce from
thirty to forty million dollars if you will give
them $5,000,000 to build a canal.
My theory is that the past cannot be com-
pared with the future if we have skilled capital
operating through an organized department,
established in Washington city, under the direc-
tion of some man of high and excellent char-
acter. With the proper appropriation the
necessary works can be constructed for getting
out what belongs to the Government for the
purpose, if you please, of paying the public
debt and abolishing taxes. Thatis my position;
and I hope hereafter to present a bill to the
House, and produce the proofs that my propo-
sition is practicable, and can be carried out.
Mr. HIGBY. I want only to say a word or
two in reply. I have always found that it is
easier to build up a theory than to carry it out
practically.
Mr. WOOD. I was in California before the
gentleman was.
Mr. HIGBY. That may be; but many men
many minds. I know men who have been
there as long as I have been, but who never
yet saw a mine.
Mr. WOOD. I was there in 1848, and under-
stand the question thoroughly and practically.
Mr. HIGBY. I found men there in 18-50
who had been all through the State, and said
that the mines had been worked out; that the
mines had failed. There have been all sorts
of opinions and all sorts of schemes. But
what I was about to say is, that l have found
men not acquainted witli California and mining
who thought they could go out to that State
and make heaps of money. Oh, no! there was
no difficulty about it! But, sir. I know that
those there have not done so. Hundreds and
thousands have really found difficulties which
gentlemen here never could have imagined to
be in the way.
Now, the gentleman from New York says
that hundreds of millions can be obtained from
these mines if you will only concentrate capital.
He says it. Now, is he ready to stake capital
of his own on such assertion? If he is, where
are the thousands with him who will combine
and run holes into the ground and through
granite rocks to reach these mines and take
out these fabulous amounts? It cannot be
done; and it is only to make men believe these
theories and get the Government to appropriate
this money. No individual is to suffer one
cent of loss by it; but this great Government
is to be at the bottom of it all. That is the
way this vast wealth is to be made for this
Government. Now, I am not so ready in push-
ing the Government into such an enterprise
unless I thought it was tolerably safe as a pri-
vate enterprise to do the same thing. When
I cannot become satisfied to put a little myself
of my own upon the assurance that if i do
I will find such fabulous wealth, 1 shall not
feel disposed to urge that the Government shall
bo at the bottom of such enterprise.
This is my idea of political economy ; when
there is a speculation which cannot be carried
out by private enterprise, then it is extravagant
in the Government to attempt it : and for one
I will not encourage any of these wild theories.
When the Govern uu-nt goes into the business,
making large appropriations upon these theo-
ries, who can estimate what will be the ulti-
mate losses?
_ Mr. MAYNARD obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. SCHENCK, who said: Mr. Chairman,
I move that the committee rise ; and I hope,
after the committee have risen, the House will
j make an order that ail general debate on this
j bill shall terminate in an hour and a half after
1 the consideration of the bill simil be again
