i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
419
worked out iu the Emerald Isle successfully,
as it has been on this continent. The people
ot' Ireland will have " material aid and com-
fort" that will be more substantial in their
conflict with the British lion than tlie people
of the South received from England; and the
latter will lind that we shall keep this promise
to the letter, eveu to the planting of the green
flag of Erin upon the castle of Dublin, and, it
may be, the star-spangled banner of America
upon the castle of St. James.
Sir, the conduct of England toward Ireland
is to me a marvel. With all her boasted intel-
ligence and progress in the onward road to a
freer system, she adheres with tenacity to her
wonted tyranny and despotism over Irish rights.
Not one step has she taken toward the ameli-
oration of that people. Unlike other Euro-
pean nations under like circumstances, she
takes no step backward.
The relation of Ireland to England is not
unlike that of Hungary to Austria. Both Ire-
land and Hungary were formerly independent
natiohs, with their own form of government,
and with a population high-toned, chivalrous,
intelligent, and great. But both were con-
quered by superior numbers, and both to-day
stand before the world as nationally obsolete.
And jet Austria—"despotic Austria"—has
within two years extended the right of local
self-government to Hungary, and to-day recog-
nizes her as almost independent, with her own
parliament and her own executive rulers. The
same may be said of Prussia in her present
conduct toward and recognition of the con-
quered German kingdoms who adhered to
Austria in the late war between those nations.
France in her treatment of her Algerine pos-
sessions adopted a similar liberal course. The
emperor went so far in carrying out this policy
of conciliation as to go personally to Algiers
in 1865 to promote the welfare of even that
barbarous people. And Russia—probably the
most powerful military Power on earth and most
exclusive in undoubted authority of any in the
world—has ameliorated the condition of the
Poles, and adopted an enlightened policy to-
ward the people of her Asiatic provinces. Her
monarch, more enlightened than the British
ministry, accords the largest liberty and most
ample religious and political freedom to all his
subjects, whether such by conquest or other-
wise. Not so with England. She knows no
relaxation ; she has no idea of the extension
of privileges to her noble province of Ireland.
She clings with unyielding determination to a
policy which must result in the dismemberment
of her territory and, as I hope and believe, in
the establishment of another republic—that of
Ireland. God speed it 
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER, The fifteen minutes of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood] hive
expired. ,
Mr. WOOIX I would like the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Orth] to permit me to con-
clude my remarks.
Mr. ORTH. I am not able to do so or I
would. I now yield ten minutes to my col-
league, [Mr. Shanks.]
Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Speaker, I had the
honor to introduce into this House the reso-
lutions passed by the Legislature of Indiana
touching the arrest, trial, and imprisonment
at Toronto, Canada, by authority of the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain, of John McMahon,
a naturalized citizen of the United States and
resident of the town of Anderson, in tho
county of Madison, in the district I have the
honor to represent, and to refer the resolu-
tions to the Committee on Foreign Affairs with
instructions to investigate the facts of his arrest,
trial, conviction, and sentence, and to report
the same to this House for its further action.
I am now confirmed in the opinion heretofore
formed in relation to the injustice of this case.
I only venture to occupy the attention of the
House at this time, after what has been so ably
said by others, because John McMahon is a
citizen of my district, and because the State,
through her Legislature, has so directed me
for still higher reasons, namely, that he is a
man and an American citizen, owing volun-
tary allegiance to the Government of the Uni-
ted States, that he is an individual, one man,
asking protection of this Government, to which
lie has sworn his fealty and accepted the faith
of the Government pledged in the articles of
his naturalization and evidenced in the certifi-
cate of his citizenship.
It has been well shown by my colleague, [Mr.
Oiith,] who presents this report, andsupporting
evidence from the Com mittee onForeign Affairs,
that the arrest of John McMahon was unneces-
sary and unjust, the charges illegal and void,
his trial hasty and inconsiderate, its progress
partial and relentless, the verdict harsh and
unjustifiable, the sentence cold and severe,
and its nominal amelioration from that of death
to imprisonment for life a seeming relaxation
but a positive mockery of its victim, who, un-
aided by this Government, his now only friend
to save him, must remain lost to the world, his
friends, "his country, and himself. An individ-
ual and helpless citizen, lost to the Republic by
its too patient acquiescence in the acts of a Gov-
ernment ever oppressive to the weak and too
selfish to be just, the foundation of whose laws
was based upon the divine right of kings, that
doctrine that the king can do no wrong; that
he is the owner of all lands, property, and peo-
ple within his jurisdiction; that the people have
no right to remove him from his sovereignty
over them nor power to cast off their allegiance
to him and his successors in office; that no time
or distance, np country or clime, no act or cir-
cumstance, no wish or will, and no power may
sever the bond of allegiance due from one born
under a crowned head to the Government under
which he may have been born—adoctrine which
totally subjects the people to the Government
and is in direct antagonism with republics,
where the Government is subject to the people,
a fact that we, as the Representatives of a free
people, must not forget.
Yet it is a fact well known in nature that
one extreme is invariably followed by another.
And this is true of the actions of men, phys-
ically, mentally, and morally. It is true of
individuals and of nations, of persons and of
things. And thinking men are not surprised
to find that our Government and people, after
having been wrought up to such severe ten-
sion during the past years of internal strife,
have, since the more imminent peril seems to
have passed, relaxed in some degree and fallen
into a partial lethargy and lack of watchful-
ness over their true interests both at home and
abroad.
Sir, it is in this reaction, in this trough of
the sea between waves, this lull of the pas-
sions, this sleep after great exertions, that we
are in danger of allowing to be established
and grafted with our acquiescence upon the
law of nations this principle so derogatory to
free Governments, namely, that a citizen of
one Government cannot migrate from that
Government and voluntarily throw off hia alle-
giance to it and become a citizen of a Govern-
ment of his choice.
This doctrine of "once a citizen always a
citizen" had its origin in the same school
with that other infamous doctrine of the divine
right of kings, and is in direct antagonism to
free institutions based upon the people's will.
Thus the emperor of the French, in speak-
ing of the Government or people of France,
says " my Government" or " my people," and
so speaks every crowned head the world over.
Sospeaks queen Victoria, and denies the right
of John McMahon to throw off allegiance to
her and to assume that relation with the Uni-
ted States; and the same doctrine denies to the
United States the power to make John McMa-
hon a citizen of this Government and to de-
prive the British Government of his allegiance.
Such is the doctrine of all monarchies. But
the State language of our republican Gov-
ernment is, "the Government of the United
States" or "the people of the United States,"
and such is the State language of all republics.
The doctrine of the inalienability of citizenship
is the same, only diffei-ent in the'form of its
presentation, upon which the United States
declared and maintained war against the Brit-
ish Government in 1812.
That Government then and prior to that time
claimed the right to enter American vessels and
press into British service any seaman who may
have at any time been a British subject.
That war determined the question in favor
of the United States, and engrafted upon the
law of nations for the first time the inviolabil-
ity from search and seizure of persons on ves-
sels upon the high seas. It was under this
principle of the laws of nations enforced by
this Government against the policy of the Old
World that compelled our Government to sur-
render the traitors Mason and Slidell when
erroueously captured by Commodore Wilkes
from a British steamer on the high seas during
the recent rebellion. It was a proud act of
our Government when it enforced that law
upon the nations of the world. It secures
individuals in their rights on the high seas, in
their persons and property, and maintains the
character of the civilized nations of the earth
by p 0tecting their citizens and flag from in-
sult and wrong. There is another case, how-
ever, which forms a closer analogy to the one
now under consideration; it is the one in which
Commodore Wilkes, of our Navy, demanded
and obtained from the Austrian authorities'
the surrender to him, in the name of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, of the person of
a man by the name of Martin Koszta, who had
emigrated to this country, had filed his inten-
tions to become a citizen thereof, and subse-
quently returned to Austria on business, and
by the authorities of that Government was
seized and pressed into its military service on
the ground that he owed allegiance to the
sovereign of Austria, and had no power to
voluntarily throw it off and become a citizen
of another Government. The United States
sustained the act of her naval officer, and again
maintained upon the high seas the protection
of one of her citizens and compelled the
acknowledgment of the power of this Gov-
ernment to accept the allegiance voluntarily
offered of any individual, ana proved its power
to protect the citizen thus made.
The British Government, in violation of this
doctrine, now, in the trial of John McMahon
and others, assumes again to deny the power
of alienation of her citizens. If this doctrine
of the inalienability of citizenship is true the
provision of our national Constitution which
gives to Congress the power to provide natural-
ization laws is a nullity, and this Republic is
incompetent to protect, under the laws of na-
tious or of her own, the citizens she has
assumed t6 make. If this be the true doctrine
then the foundation-stone of republics is re-
moved. When you take away the individual
rights and privileges of men you have left noth-
ing that a state of the most abject oppression
does not leave. The slave may remain in the
bondage of his master. Sir, we must main-
tain our republican stand-point, let the cost of
that maintenance be what it may; and to the
American citizen, whether native or natural-
ized, wheresoever he may be and whatsoever
his conduct or his situation, the Government
of the United States should secure him a fair
and impartial trial. This John McMahon has
not had. •
John McMahon is an Irishman; was arrested
on the field after the battle between the Fenians
and British troops at Ridgeway, Canada, car-
ing for the wounded; he is by profession a
Catholic priest; is not a belligerent, but was
in the discharge of his religious duties; was
arrested, tried, convicted, and sentenced in a
court prejudicial to the commission of a, great
wrong. John McMahon was not a Fenian and
was not a belligerent, but he was an American
citizen, made so by his own voluntary act, hav-
ing renounced his allegiance to the British
Crown and assumed allegiance to the Govern-
ment of the United States according to the
forms of law, and was to all intents and pur-
poses an alien to the British Government and
