1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1803
expose the fact of our former neglect or invite
an unfavorable interpretation by that enemy!
Sir, if the legislative power of the country has
been derelict in ita duty in the past and to the
people the stronger the reason is that it should
now act with promptness and energy in the full
and unequivocal assertion of this great right
of the citizen. We should not only assert the
right, but we are also bound to furnish the
easiest and most appropriate means for its
exercise. If the question of fact whether it
has been exercised or not rests at large, to be
proved like any other unascertained fact, much
confusion and inconvenience "will result both
to Government and citizcn. Mr. Webster,
while Secretary of State in 1831, in the case
of John S. Thrasher, evidently felt embarrassed
in relation to the character of the evidence as
to the intention of Thrasher in leaving this
country and residing at Havana. The case
arose out of the in\asion of Cuba by Lopez.
The claim on the part of Spain, through the
governor general of the island, was that
'i'hiashcr had been a resident of Havana, as a
merchant, for a considerable length of time,
and had sworn allegiance to the Spanish Crown.
Mr. Webster, in response to a resolution of
this House, said :
" There is no evidence in tho possession of the Gov-
ernment to show what was his purpose with regard
to lua returning to his native country, at any fixed or
definite time. Other members of his tamily are under-
stood to be, like hinl".'lt, residents in Cuba—his father
having gone to th.it inland some years ago, Theso
arc all the Known general tacts respecting tho naturo
of his residence m Havana which liavo come to tho
knowledge of this Department." * * * *
" hi questions mi this subject, the chicf point to bo
considered is tho ntnnrndi, or intention of
continued rcsidencc; and this must be decided by
reasonable rules, and the general principles of evi-
dence.'' * * * * " If it sufficiently ap-
pear that this intention of removing was to make a
peimancnt settlement for an indefinite time, the
right of domicile is acquired by a residence of even a
few daj s."
Mr. Speaker, we all know that one of the
most difficult problems in the law of evidence
is this very question of intention. As a legal
fact it is almostalways ascertained infcrentially,
and by implication upon certain other facts.
It frequently gives rise to the nicest discrim-
inations, and the most subtle deductions in the
whole wide range of the law. We should legis-
late upon this question to cure this defect, and
thus avoid all difficulty in relation to the essen-
tial fact of domicile. It is important enough to
attract our serious attention; and I hope the
House will so amend this bill as to accomplish
the object. The proposition ought and can not
be controverted, that whenever the mode by
which the citizens of a free Government are to
exercise their acknowledged rights is involved
in doubt or obscurity the duty is devolved upon
the legislative authority to prescribe the man-
ner of their exercise, so that their full and free
enjoyment shall be amply secured. The error
to which the discussion in this House fifty years
ago gave rise upon this question was the as-
sumption that if we had the power to prescribe
the manner in which citizenship might be vol-
untarily relinquished we also, for that very
reason, had the power to abolish the right of
relinquishment itself. Sir, it requires no argu-
ment to expose the fallacy of such a position.
It involves this absurdity: that because the
legislative power may be exercised in aid of a
right, it may also be used for its overthrow and
destruction.
Mr. Speaker, when gentlemen advance the
proposition that the United States have always
claimed and asserted the rightof expatriation,
in relation to the emigration of American as
well as foreign citizens, such remarks should
be considered as having reference more to the
executive department ot the Government than to
any other, or to all combined. As I have already
shown, the other great departments of the
Government have not been in accord with the
executive upon this question. But even that
department, in its joint action with the Senate,
utterly failed, on a great occasion in our his-
tory, to assert and settle the right. It is known
to us all that the prominent and leading cause
of the war ot 1812 was this question of expa- i
triation. England had seized upon and im-
pressed into her naval service some ten or
twelve thousand of our naturalized citizens—
formerly her own subjects. She refused to
make reparation or discontinue the practice,
and denied our right to question her proceed-
ings. We drew the sword; and after fighting for
three years on land and sea ; after spending
millions of treasure and sacrificing thousands
of valuable lives; after covering our arms with
glory and our standards with victory, the treaty-
making power of the Government negotiated
a peace without, a word or a syllable of allusion
to the right of expatriation ! The war inten-
sified but did not settle the question. As be-
tween ourselves and England it has remained
an open and unsettled question ever since.
And now, after the lapse of half a century,
after repeated acts of insolence and outrage
upon our adopted citizens by a Power which
drove us into one war and seems to invite us
into another upon the same question, we are
expected now to adopt, orrathercontinue, a sort
of non-committal policy, in the vain hope of
escaping unfriendly criticism upon the past. I
am in favor of no such policy. I want a full
declaration now upon both sides of the ques-
tion, by way of correction of the past and in-
suring a just understanding of the future.
Sir, if we shall fail to assume now tho true
position upon this question, we shall be justly
amenable to the charge which has been so
truthfully made against tho Government of
England; that is to say, we will render our-
selves liable to the charge that, while we
rigidly assert the right to naturalize foreign
citizens into our own Government, we, in effect,
by denying the appropriate means, refuse the
right of expatriation to our own, whether
native or adopted. That is precisely the posi-
tion of the British Government to-day, of which
we complain so much. That Government,
too, naturalizes aliens, while it refuses to them,
when naturalized, as well as to her native-born
subjects, the great correlative right of expa-
triation. England claimed during the war of
1812, as she still claims, that any of her sub-
jects who had become naturalized citizens of
another country according to its laws, and
while they were beyond her power of protec-
tion, still continued to owe her such allegiance
as would make it treason in them to bear arms
against her in their adopted country. It was
in the exercise of this infamous power, and by
which she is again filling her prisons with
naturalized American citizens, that in the
progress of that war she inhumanly treated hun-
dreds of Irishmen and others as rebels and
traitors, after she had knowingly permitted
and encouraged them to emigrate to this coun-
try. Mr. Webster, in his letter to Lord Ash-
burton, on the controverted question of im-
pressment, in 1842, puts the inconsistency and
fraud of the British policy in so forcible a light
as to utterly silence tho English negotiator,
who conveniently declined to answer his argu-
ments. I ask the Clerk to read the passage
marked iu the document I now send to his
desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
"England acknowledges herself overburdened with
population of tho poorer classes. Every instance of
the emigration of persons of those classes is regarded
by her as a benefit. England, therefore, encourages
emigration; means are notoriously supplied to emi-
grants to assist their conveyance from public funds:
and the New World, and most especially these United
States, leeeive the many thousands of her subjects
thus ejcctcd from the bosom of their native land by
the necessities of their condition. They comeaway
from poverty and distress in overcrowded cities to
seek employment, comfort, andnew homes in acoun-
tl'y of free institutions, possessed by a kindred race,
speaking their own language, and having laws and
usages in many respects like thoso to which they have
been accustomed; and a country vrhich, upon the
whole, is tound to possess more attractions for per-
sons of their character and condition than any other
on the face of the globe. It. is stated that in the quar-
ter of the year ending with Juno last more than
twenty-six thousand emigrants loft the single port
i of Liverpool for the United States, being/our or five
I tunes as many as Icit the same port within the same
I period for the British colonics and all other parts
I of the world. Of these crowds of emigrants many
arrive in nur eiticsin circitnistanecs of grcar destitu-
i tiou, and tho chanties of the country, both public
and private, are severely taxed to relievo their im-
mediato wants. In time they mingle with the new
community i 11 which they find themsolves and seek
means ot living—some find employment in the cities;
others go to the frontiers, to cultivate lands reclaimed
from the forest; and a greater or less number of the
residue, becoming m time naturalized citizens, enter
into the merchant scrviee, under tho flag of their
adopted country.
"Now, my lord, if war should breakout between
Engl and and ai^uropean Power, can anything be
more unjust, anything more irreconcilable to the
goneral seutimonts of mankind, than that England
should seek out these persons, thus encouraged by
her and compelled by their own condition to leave
their native homes, tear them away from their new
employments, their new political relations, and their
domestic connections, and force thomto undergo the
dangers and hardships of military service, for a coun-
try which has thus ceased to be their own country?
Certainly, certainly, my lord, there can bo but one
answer to this question. Is it not far morere&son-
ablo thatEnglandshouldeither preventsuchemigra'-
tion of her subjects, or that, if she encourage and
promote it, sho should leave them, not to the em-
broilment of a double and contradictory allegiance,
but to their own voluntary choice, to formsucn rela-
tions, political or social, as they see lit, in tho country
where they are to find their bread, and to tho laws
and institutions of which they are to look fordefense
and protection?
"A question ofsnch serious importance ought now
to bo put at rest. If the United States give shelter
and protection to those whom the policy of England
annually casts upon their shores—if, by the benign
influences of their Governmentand institutions and
by the happy condition of the country, those emi-
grants become raised from poverty to comfort, find-
ing it easy even to become landholders, and being
allowed to partake in the enjoyment of all civil rights
—if all this may be done, (and all this is done, under
the countenance and encouragoment of England her-
self.) is it not high time, my lord, that, yielding: that
which had its origin in feudal ideas as inconsistent
with the present stato of society, and especially with
the intercourse and relations subsisting between tho
Old World and the New, England should at length
formally disclaim all right to the services of such per-
sons and renounce all control over their conduct?"
Mr. YAN TRUMP. Sir, it was the threat
of a wholesome retaliation on our part which
put a stop to this outrage once before. It is
not unlikely, in my opinion, that this same
medicine, more formally incorporated in this
bill, will be equally salutary now. England
puts on the airs and blandishments of a siren
to woo aliens to become her naturalized sub-
jects. She seeks to blast them with the fierca
glance of a Gorgon when they attempt to break
the bonds of their allegiance by expatriation.
She admits them, in many cases, without even
the formality of a declaration of intention or
an oath of allegiance. Thus, by the statute
of 13 George II, if a foreign seaman shall
serve for two years in one of her ships of war
he becomes ipso facto a subjeet of the British
Crown without further ceremony, and is enti-
tled to all tho rights and privileges of an
Englishman, but among which is not this right
of expatriation.
Mr. Speaker, whatever the executive or dip-
lomatic history of this question may have been
—so much relied on by the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs—let
us now, at least, correct our legislative record.
Sir, although it may be following a bad exam-
ple to allude to partisan politics upon a ques-
tion like_ this, yet the honorable gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Orth] made so fierce and
unfounded an assault upon the Democratic
party when he spoke to this question the other
day that I feel justified in saying to that gen-
tleman and to his party that it is the more
important we correct that record now without
equivocation, for the reason that if the present
aggressive, unscrupulous, and unconstitutional
course toward the executive department of the
Government is persisted in, that department
will receive at the hands of any of the Euro-
pean Powers but little consideration upon any
disputed question of international law. You
cannot degrade that department at home with-
out also degrading it in the eyes of the world.
Foreign Powers, iu the way of negotiation or
official communication, generally regard a na-
tion much in the same light in which it regards
itself. If we shall depreciate and degrade one
of our own great branches of Government we
must reasonably expect other Powers to follow
in our footsteps, and that they will likely treat
such department with the same contempt it
receives at our own hands, however much it
may be disguised by a seeming show of regard.
