1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
303
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Financial Affairs—Mr. Hoorhead.
Ho. of Reps.
into positive law. That Declaration declares
all Governments derive their just power from
the consent of the governed. That consent,
in this country, can only be given or withheld
at the ballot-box, and the whole adult popula-
tion must have a legal right to participate in
that consent. It is all folly to claim that a
State has a republican form of government
that disfranchises its citizens grown up toman-
hood for any cause except the commission of
crime. If we as a nation desire to travel the
only sure pathway to safety and empire in the
future, we must see to it that no citizen, how-
ever black and humble he may be, is disfran-
chised for any cause save for crime.
But, sir, the Democratic party must not be
permitted to evade any responsibility in this
matter of suffrage, nor must they be deprived
of any credit they may be entitled to. The
Democratic party in most of the States of the
Union where colored persons have been per-
mitted to vote have recognized the right and
did not question it under the Constitution of
the United States. And where the franchise
has been taken from the negro it has not been
done because they used it to the danger of the
State. No such charge has been made, and it
has never been claimed but that the colored
voter used the ballot with as much good judg-
ment as the white man. And it is not to be
forgotten that the Democratic party is on record
on the question of colored suffrage. The
Democratic party made the negro a citizen and
voter in Maine and New Hampshire. They
made the negro a citizen and voter on a prop-
erty qualification in New York, indorsed and
approved by leading Democrats of national
character and reputation. The Democratic
party repealed the laws of Ohio requiring
negroes to give bonds and security before set-
tling in that State. Justice Wood, of Ohio,
when on the bench, decided that mulattoes
were entitled to the franchise.
The Democratic party afterward elected him
Governor of Ohio. The Democratic members
of the Legislature of Ohio voted to permit
negro children to go to the same schools with
whiteehildren, and yet in these days thatpartyis
perpetually whining about colored suffrage and
negro equality and charging us with being a
negro party. The Democratic party to-day is
in spirit committed to negro suffrage as much
as any other party, and always has been. Do
they not base representation upon the number
of people, whatever may be the color; and when
they recognize the negro as a person to be
counted in the enumeration when they determ-
ine how matey Representatives shall be se-
lected to act as the people's agents to carry on
the Government? When they dothatthey con-
cede the whole question. For illustration, we
may take the most extreme Democratic State:
they adopt the doctrine that representation in
their Legislature as well as in Congress shall be
founded on numbers of people. All are taken
into the count; the negro is considered one of
the integral pans of the people who are to be
represented, and this virtually gives the suffrage
to the negro. He is as much represented in these
Halls as any other equal number of the popu-
lation.
The difference between the Democrats and
myself on this question is simplj' that they vir-
tually give him the ballot, but want some white
man to deposit it for him. They are willing
they shall be counted to make up and increase
the number of Representatives, but want to do
the voting and representing themselves. While
1 say he shall be counted and be permitted to
take the ballot in his own hands and depositit
in the ballot-box, the Democrat is willing that
the negro should be counted in forming the
basis of representation in the rebel States, but
wants some white rebel to cast the ballot for
him, whiie [ say he shall be counted and vote
for himself; and he is more worthy to be trusted
than the rebel white man. This attempt to ob-
scure the question and blind the people by I
charging the Republican party with being in
favor of negro equality will hardly stand tlie
test of examination by an intelligent and think-
ing people.
But it may be said that this would include
females and children as well as colored per-
sons, and that they are as certainly embraced
in the terms used as are the persons of whom
I have been speaking, and that it is essential
that they should be included in order to a re-
publican form of government. So far as this
argument relates to children it is easily an-
swered. They have certain rights which are as
inalienable as those of adults, and. so far as
their participating in the Government as voters
is concerned, all agree that a time must be
fixed uniformly when they are supposed to
have sufficient judgment to exercise, safely to
themselves and the State, the duties of citizens
and voters, and to perform the duties of citi-
zens in every respect. Our laws have fixed the
age of twenty-one years. I shall not say whether
it is too long or two short; but all must admit
the wisdom and necessity of fixing an age,
whatever it may be. As to females, if the
time comes when they shall demand to be ad-
mitted to the franchise, myself and those who
act with me now will not be found fighting
them because we are afraid to measure intel-
lects with them on terms of equality, as are
our Democratic lriends afraid to raise the
negro to a condition of political and legal
equality for fear he will outstrip them in the
race of education and progress ; nor am I pre-
pared to say how soon some change may be
necessary to secure the female in her rights
of person and property. Yet the fact that
woman does not vote is not inconsistent with
the theory of a republican government. The
first and natural divisio l of human society is
into families, so ordained by the God who
made us, and this is recognized in all religions
and all systems of law ; and the same power
that established this relation ordained that
there should be but one representative head in
that family; and this has been observed by the
common consent of mankind, and we have no
reason to believe that the best interests of so-
ciety are not subserved by the male represent-
ing the family in the affairs of Government.
But I only intended to say on this point what I
thought neccssary to relieve my argument from
any imputation of inconsistency, for this ques-
tion of female suffrage does not enter into this
discussion.
In conclusion, I say, there will never again
be as favorable a time as the present to settle
this grea.t question. Now, while we are read-
justing the stones in the great temple of Ameri-
can freedom ; while we are relaying the found-
ations of the Republic ; a Republic that, with-
in the lifetime of some now living, will contain
a hundred million souls, and be extended over
a territory covered by every zone of the earth,
limited only by the continent; controlling a
trade and commerce compared with which the
boasted commerce of Europe or fabled wealth
of the ancients will dwindle into insignificance;
with a sea-coast equal to all the world besides;
with navigable rivers and inland seas more
extensive than can be found in all other lands;
with a soil yielding every product of the earth,
extending from the fisheries of Sitka and New-
foundland to the orange groves and spice-pro-
duciug regions ot the tropics; with such a
prospect and destiny it becomes us to dig deep
and lay our foundations upon the rock of
Eternal Truth, that when the " winds blow and
floods come they fall not." Such a people as
are to inhabit this country can only be gov-
erned by laws that are just to all, high or low,
rieh or poor, black or white. Noburdens im-
posed on one class not felt by all; no duty
required of one not demanded of all. A
Government, thus founded in truth and justice,
and fortified in the affections of all the peopie,
we may hope will live as long as human gov-
ernment endures on the earth.
. Financial Affairs.
SPEECH OP HON. J. K. MOORHEAD,
op pennsylvania,
In the House op Representatives,
March 28, 1868.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Mr. Speaker, after
every great war it is necessary that there come
the solemn seal of legislative or constitutional
enactment before the just and proper fruits of
the victory can be secured to the victor and
those he represents. Especially is this true
after our great war, which is, in many respects,
without a parallel in history for destructivencss
and violence, and which is chiefly distinguished
by the lact that its beginning was predicated
upon the o .-erthrow of one set of political
ideas and its progress uprooted a system of
labor which for hundreds of years had molded
the opinions and given tone to the thoughts of
many millions of the governing race. The vic-
tory would have been but half won if the lay-
ing down of arms had not been followed by
such legislation as would have firmly knit into
the very fiamework of the Government and
the very texture of society the great ideas
which the war had evolved and to which its
close has given immortal life. The details of
the struggle, great as it was, protracted as it
was, and desperate as it was, may be soon
forgotten; but if the principles it has settled
be treasured among our national jewels and
be kept untarnished, the glorious story of our
triumph over treason will prove the richest
legacy any people ever left to their children.
We are now in this stage of effort. The
Republican party propose to make the nation's
victory effective by incorporating its principles
into the national Constitution, and thereby mak-
ing these results coextensive with the nation's
limits and as perpetual as the nation's life. The
Democratic party, on the other hand, demand
that the wrecks of shattered theories and insti-
tutions be suffered to lie across the nation's
pathway to obstruct its passage, to weaken its
power, and ultimately form a shield and bul-
wark for the nation's enemies. Every consid-
eration combines to bid us resist this negative,
timoious, and treacherous poliey. The coun-
try's salvation in the dark hours of the war
depended, under God, upon brave hearts and
bold yet just action. So, now, if the rescued
nation is to be preserved undefiled from the
corruptions of the past and unharmed by the
pestilent dangers of the present, it can only
be done by freely but wisely applying to the
diseased parts the treatment their condition
demands.
Immediately upon the close of hostilities the
national heart naturally accepted suggestions
of conciliation ; and the people acquiesced
while President Johnson experimented with
these southern communities. They remained
quiescent until his policy developed the fact
that the southern people were unwilling to
accept manfully and honestly the results of
their defeat, and that the harmonious exist-
ence of the two sections was incompatible
with the injustice, vengeance, and hatred upon
which their reconstructed governments were
based. Congress, the immediate representa-
tives of the people, alarmed by the dangers
which threatened the national security, dis-
sented from this policy, and after patient in-
vestigation inaugurated another, which was sub-
mitted to the people in the year 180(3, and which
proposed as a basis for adjustment the incor-
poration into the Constitution of what is known
as the fourteenth amendment. This amend-
ment commanded the assent of overwhelming
majorities of the people in the loyal States,
ami was ratified by the Legislatures of all but
Delaware, Maryland, and Kentucky. But it
was rejected by the (so-called) Legislature ot
every rebel State, whose people thereby ex-
posed their unrelenting purpose to resist any
restoration to the Union which involved the
