1804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1ft
I will be understood, then, Mr. Speaker, when
I say that this unwise, unmitigated, and sys-
tematic attempt to cripple and break down the
executive department; to deprive it of all its
appropriate and constitutional powers; to make
the President of the people a mere automaton,
and convert his rightful powers into "a barren
scepter" in his hands, will turn into "airy
nothings" even the few executive precedents,
or rather arguments, upon which the honor-
able chairman relies for a past policy upon this
question of expatriation. Sir, we cannot hon-
estly rely upon our past legislative or judicial
policy as a full vindication of this question;
and it will neither help the past or benefit the
future for us now to assume auy false position
in regard to it. Let us now depend upon no
uncertain action or doubtful utterances; let us
come up squarely to the mark; let us satisfy
the world that howeverwe mayliave dealtwith
the past we intend now and in the future to
stand by and maintain the position that we
will defend this great right at all times and at
all hazards.
Mr. Speaker, when this important subject
was before Congress in 1818, the debate took
a wide range, both upon the question of power
and expediency. Mr. MeLane, of Delaware,
especially, took the ground that it was at least
doubtful whether such a law would be constitu-
tional, for the reason that it made the Govern-
ment, as he claimed, a party to the act dissolv-
ing the tie between the citizen and his country.
Now, sir, I deny that such a result occurs in a
case where the statute simply prescribes the
manner in which the citizen shall proceed to
perpetuate the evidence of his intention, or
election, to renounce his citizenship by expa-
triation. No action of the Government is
necessary to consummate the dissolution. The
citizen's power to separate himself from the
connection, without crime, springs from an
original inherent right, which lies far beyond
and is in no wise impaired or surrendered by
the incurrence of the obligation of citizenship.
J> is a false assumption, therefore, to affirm
that the Government is a party, in any legal
sense of the term, to the voluntary act of
expatriation. The Government is undoubtedly
u party to the act of naturalization. Its con-
sent is necessary to such act, for the reason
that it is no man's natural, inherent right to
become a citizen of any particular Govern-
ment who is not "to the manor born." A
Government has the right to say who, other
than those who are native-born, shall become
its citizens; but it has no right to say that its
own citizens, native or natuialized, shall not
become citizens of any other Government who
may choose to receive them.
So far as the right of expatriation is con-
cerned, no act of the Government is neces-
sary to establish or exercise it. It exists by the
law of nature, a title as paramount to the laws
of man as God himself is paramount to the
will or power of man. In its character of a
God-given right it can neither be enlarged or
restricted or abrogated by municipal law. The
law of nature applies to man and not to Gov-
ernment. The rights resulting to each have
no relation the one to the other. The one is
primitive and fundamental, the other limited
and conventional. Deity endows man with his
natural rights ; man invests Government with
its political powers. The right thus existing
is paramount to the power thus created ; the
power, therefore, cannot absorb the right. In
relation to the exercise of this inherent right
the citizen stands high above all the powers of
the Government; his right of locomotion and
domicile, as derived from the universal law of
nature, which is God's law and not man's, is
subject to no human control, and is held by a
tenure wholly independent of the political laws
of the Government under which he lives. Sir,
I was not only surprised but pained to find in
the report of the committee a sentiment which
is wholly at war with every American idea on
this subject. They say :
" It ma\ m-r j;
implied evident
•i b
ronciiiU'd tliat the exi ro^ or
j-articrf ic neec^ary to tho I
extinction of matual obligations between a Govern*
ment and its subjects."
Now, Mr. Speaker, that is a proposition
which has been laid down by the committee
without due consideration, if they mean to ap-
ply it to this right of expatriation. Any such
concession as that destroys the right of ex-
Eatriation. An admission of the indispensa-
ility of consent on the part of the Govern-
ment necessarily implies the right and the
power of refusal in that Government; so that
the act of expatriation consummate, if this
doctrine of the committee be true, depends not
upon^an inherent and indefeasible right in the
citizen, but upon the will and option of the
Government under which he lives. The com-
mittee, with all due deference be it spoken,
have only deluded themselves by the use
of inappropriate language. They speak of
" mutual obligations." Therein lies the fallacy.
There are undoubtedly mutual obligations ex-
isting between Government and citizen while
that relation subsists, but the obligation to
continue to be a citizen, either perpetually or
otherwise, at the will of the Government, is
certainly not one of them. The committee
have thus unwittingly indorsed the most ultra
dogmas of Sir William Blaekstone on the
doctrine of perpetual allegiance. Sir, I hope
that no American Congress will ever sanction
a doctrine like this; a doctrine much, more
consonant with the darkness of the Middle
Ages, when a man born in the image of Lis
Creator was considered as a sort of chattel-
real passing with the freehold from one lord
paramount to another, than with that glorious
spirit of individual right and liberty which is
the light and the glory of modern civilization.
The provision in the Constitution which gives
to Congress the power "to establish a uniform
rule of naturalization," would, in my opinion,
settle tho question of their power over the sub-
ject of expatriation in aid of the right, even if
that right depended upon the laws of the so-
ciety, instead of springing from the great and
paramount law of nature. For it would be a
most illogical position to hold that Congress
is authorizedby the Constitution to enactarule
by which the rights of citizenship might be
acquired, and yet have no jurisdiction or power
over the correlative question as to how those
same rights might be relinquished at the option
of the person in whom they were vested. But,
sir, we are not driven to this position. Some
of the learned opponents of this question in
1818 made the palpable mistake of supposing
that it was by the legislative power alone that
expatriation could be accomplished, if, as they
claimed, it could be consummated at all; that
the right existed, if it existed at all, either in the
nature of a grant or by the consent of the legis-
lative power of the Government. Sir, this is
a naked fallacy ; the true question is, that not
only the right of expatriation, but the whole
power of its exercise, rests solely and exclu-
sively in the will of the individual citizen.
And here, sir, allow me to say, in this connec-
tion, that the only objection I have to the pro-
posed amendment of the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward,] for
whose legal learning and judicial experience I
have the very highest respect, is that it indi-
rectly recognizes the powerof the Government
over the right itself, by providing for its consent
to the expatriation of the citizen. An acknowl-
edgment of the necessity of consent on the
part of the Government is an admission of the
right and power in that Government to with-
hold its consent and thus defeat the right. Sir,
all we warft of congressional action in regard
to this right is to provide the mode of evidence
of the intention of expatriation; that, for the
security of the individual, as well as to prevent
embarrassment to the Government in regard to
its duty of protection, the evidence of inten-
tion shall not lie hidden in the mind of the in-
dividual ; but that a declaration of intention
shall be made as a matter of record, for the
benefit of all concerned. With this mode of
evidence established there could be no trouble-
some question of tact as to the intention, for
the mere production of the record wouldat once
settle all controversy in regard to it. .;-i
The doubt as to the constitutionality of such
a law was put upon still another ground by
some of the opponents of the bill of 1818, and
I recall these circumstances to justify my posi-
tion that it is important now to present our-"
selves to the world in an open and unequivocal
Eosition, for the very reason that our course
eretofore has been quite the reverse. It was .
suggested in that debate that the General Gov-
ernment had no power, under the Constitution,
to absolve a citizen of one of the State's from
his immediate allegiance to such State; and I
do not controvert the proposition. Sir, I ac-
knowledge myself to be a States rights man
in the strictest constitutional sense of the term;
but I do not acknowledge that any such ques-
tion was involved in the bill of 1818 or in the
one now under consideration. To enforce ex-
Eatriation or exile against a citizen without
is consent is not a power anywhere belong-
ing to this Government. No conservative-
minded statesman, no intelligent legislator, no
sound lawyer has ever maintained any such
power in any branch of the Government. The
lawless precedents created in the delirium of
war, of kidnapping men in one State and trans-
porting thein to another, or of sending men by
force into exile, as a punishment for political
opinion, were violations of this great law of
nature as well as of the Constitution. The
infatuated and misguided men who did this
thing had no more constitutional power to do
it, nor has this_ Congress, than I have the phys-
ical power to lift this Capitol from its founda-
tions and anchor it in the clouds. The men
who debated the question in 1818 failed to see
the true distinction. They misapprehended
the point in this: they seemed to suppose it
required the exercise of some positive affirma-
tive power on the part of the Government to
accomplish the fact of expatriation. They
failed to comprehend that it is not the Govern-
ment, but that it is the individual, who has the ,
right and the only power of expatriation. The
question is a right of locomotion and of domi-
cile ; it belongs and appertains to the citizen
and not to the Government; and it is the evi-
dence of his election to exercise his right, and
not the power to control either the election or
the right itself, which is the legitimate subject-
matter of legislation. There has been, and
there can be, no legislation under our Consti-
tution to control in' any manner the right
itself.
This Government may say, as it now, in fact,
does say in this bill, that it will defend and
Erotect this right in behalf of its citizens who
ave expatriated themselves from their native
lands. There is certainly no conflict of sover-
eign power in that, as between.Federal and
State authority. The citizen, in regard to his
allegiance, both to the Federal and the State
Government, by a law paramount to both,
possesses inherently this right of expatriation.
A declaration, therefore, on the part of the
Federal Government of what shall be the evi-
dence of the exercise of that right cannot be
held to be an infringement of the sovereignty
of that State, unless such State can say, what
the Federal Government itself cannot say, that
it has an inalienable and indefeasible right to
the perpetual allegiance of the citizen.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I wish to say, in con-
clusion, that he who seeks to make this a mere
party hobby, and thus pervert its true charac-
ter as a great national and international ques-
tion, must have a very narrow and inadequate
idea of what belongs to an expansive and
statesmanlike view of the subject. Is it pos-
sible, sir, that passion and political prejudice
have so warped our minds and blinded our
judgments as that no question, however na-
tional, no proposition, however remote from,
the arena of party polities, but it must be
dragged into the schemes and calculations ot
a political campaign to subserve the ends or a
few rather than promote thegood of the many
Such is modern polities. Sir, I envy not tne
man who is unwilling even to try to lifttnmse
