1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The proposition embodied in this bill should be
considered under the twofold aspect of its relations
to the soldier, and its effect upon the settlement and
improvement of the publiedomain; and a few well-
known facts, which properly belong to the inquiry,
will clearly point the way to a just conclusion.
At the close of the last fiscal year there remained
outstanding fifty-three thousand nine hundred and
twelve military bounty-land warrants, issued under
various acts of Congress, calling for the aggregate
quantity of five mill ion mx hundred and three thou-
sand two hundred and twenty acies. These warrants
are selling at about one dollar per acre. Under the
agricultural college act of 1862 scrip has been issued
to non-public land-holding States to the amount of
five million three hundred and forty thousand acres:
and when the States of the South shall have leceived
their shares under the act the whole amount of land
covered by it will be nine million six hundred thou-
sand acres. This wiil be the subject of monopoly in
the hands of speculators, and the price of the scrip
will depend, to a considerable extent, upon the
quantity of it in market, and of the unlocated mili-
tary bounty-land warrants. The price has generally
ranged from sixty to seventy cents per acre, but has
sometimes gone much lower. As further affecting
the price of warrants and scrip, it should be remem-
bered that over forty-three million acres of "swamp
and overflowed lands " have been granted by Con-
gress to the States, more than one half of which is
probably in the hands of monopolists; that about
two hundred million of acres have been granted to
aid in bui'ding railroads and for other purposes of
internal improvement, thus inaugurating further
and fearful monopolies of the pubiic domain; and
that millions of acres of Indian lands, by virtue of
the most pernicious treaty stipulations, are falling
into the hands of monopolists, thus still further
aggravating the wide-spread evils Ion? since inflicted
upon the couutiy by the ruinous policy of land spec-
ulation. Every day gives birth to some now scheme
of' monopoly by which the paramount right of the
people to homes on the public domain is abridged or
domed, and its produetivewealth seriously retarded;
amino one will need be told that, should this policy
be continued, the opportunities of settlement and
tillage under the preemption and homestead laws
must constantly diminish.
Keeping these facts m remembrance, the effect of
thepioposed measure upon the mteicsts of the sol-
dier must be quite apparent. It provides that " those
who engaged to serve twelve months or more, and
actually served nine months, shall receive one lmu-
dred and sixty acres of land; and those whoengaged
to servesix months, and actually served four months,
shall receive eighty acres; and those who engaged
to serve three months, and icss than six months, shall
receive foity acies." Under the first class specified
there are two million thirty-seven thousand four
hundred and thirteen soldiers, which number, mul-
tiplied by one hundred and sixty, gives the number
of acrcs required, namely, three hundred and twenty-
live million nine hundred and eighty-six thousand
and eighty. Under the second class there are six-
teen thousand three bundled and sixty-one auldieis,
who, at eighty acies each, would require one million
three hundred and eight thousand eight hundred
and eighty acres, linder the third class there are
onehundred and ninety-one thousand eight hundred
and eighty-five, which, multiplied by forty, requncs
seven million, six hundred and seventy-five thousand
four hundred acres. These aie the official fisruies
which have been supplied bv the War l)eparfrnent,
after first deducting the number of acknowledged
deserters, those who paid commutation, and those
who \>xi e dishonorably di'ehaiged. The totiil num-
ber of soldier* to be provided for, as will be seeu, is
two million two hundred and forty-five thousand six
hundred and fifty-nine, and the aggic^ate quantity
of land required 1* throe luindiod and thirty-tour mil-
lion nine hundred and seventy thousand three hun-
dred and sixty acres, being more than one third of
our remaining public d uo:un, and at least one hall
the arable portion of the same._ Now. considering
the present price of college scrip, and of military
bounty-lancl warrants, and thestupendous monopoly
of the public domain which is constantly going on and
threatening to swallow it up, what would be the nat-
ural effect of throwing upon the market two million
two hundred and foity-Ii\e thousand six hundred
and fifty-nine land wai rants, mude awgnn bie by this
bill, like those already i>sued? Eveiy man ^ can
answer this quest-ion for himself; but the committee
believe tho price kof warrants would fall as low as
twenty-five cents per acre. It would, at all events, be
a cruel mockery of the just claims of tho soldier, and
the policy in question cannot, therefore, be insisted
upon in his interest. If land is what he wauls he can
have it on tho liberal terms of the homestead law,
prescribing, however, the indispensably necessary
conditions of settlement and improvement. _ It a
boun ty in money is what he needs, and wo admit tho
necessity, then let money be gianted by Congress,
and let the just chums of soldiers be etjualiaed, oy
tho payment of a fixed sum per month during the
time of sei vice, as provided for m the bill which has
repeatedly passed the House of Representatives, and
as repeatedly been defeated in the Senate. _
But this measure will appear lar more indefens-
ible if we consider its effects upon the settlement of
the public domain. This subject was carefully con-
sidered by the House Committee on the Public Lands
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and perhaps we cannot
do better than adopt their language in responding
to a petition praying for bounties in land : Ail the
these warrants at the lowest rates. Land monopoly
in the United States, under this national sanction,
would have its new birth, and enter upon a career
of widespread mischief and desolation. Speculators
would seize and appropriate nearly all the choice
lands of the Government, and those nearest the set-
tled portions of the country, while homestead claim-
ants and preemptorswould be driven^to the outskirts
of civilization, meeting all the increased expense
and danger of scouring homes for their families,
and surrendering the local advantages of schools,
churches, mills, wagon-roads, and whatever else per-
tains to the necessities and enjoyments of a well-
settled neighborhood. This policy would stop the
advancing column of immigration from Europe and
of emigration from the States, which has done so
much to make the public domain a source of pro-
ductive wealth, asubiect of revenue, and a home for
the landless thousands who have thus at once become
useful citizens and an element of national strength.
It would, in fact amount to a virtual oveitliow of the
beneficent policy of the homestead law, which has,
perhaps, done more to make the American name
honored and loved among the Christian nations of
the earth than any single enactment since the form-
ation of the Government."
These considerations are quite as pertinent to-day
as they were two years ago; indeed, time and events
have given to them a new emphasis, and invested
them with a meaning which tho representatives
of the people have no libeity to disregard._ Consid-
ered in tEie light of tho facts we have submitted, tho
measure under notice can only be regarded as a
frightful scheme of spoliation and nnschief; and
while it was doubtless proposed in the imagined in-
terest of the soldier, tho committee cannot believe
that the men whose valor and self-sacrifice saved tho
nation from ruin demand any such relief at the
hands of Congress.
But while the committee earnestly urge these
considerations, they believe the land policy of the
Government ought to discriminate m favor of our
honorably discharged soldiers and seamen, where
this can be done consistcntlv with the actual settle-
ment of the public lands. Such disciimination may
be made bv declaring them absolutely free to such
persons, save the trifling fees of the land ollicers, the
aggregate of which forms an important pait of their
compensation, and cannot bo 1 emitted without dis-
turbing the long-established and satisfactory ma-
chinery of our land policy. The committee there-
fore beg leave to report the accompany trig bill as a
substitute for that which they have considered, and
which they ask may lie upon the table.
Mr. JULIAN. I also call attention to the
following communication from the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Oflice upon the
general subject of bounty hinds, and particu-
larly upon House bill No. 9-10, for the equal-
ization of bounties, reported from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
The communication is as follows;
DKP.uir.MENT or Tin: Ixtfrior.
Gknkiial La.nd Officii, M<di 12. ISoS.
Sir : I have examined the inclosed bill U. R. No.
5)10, to equalize bounties of soldiers, sailors and
maunes, who served in the late war for the tJnion,
which 1 had the honor to leceive from vou with the
request for a statement as to the probable effect of
the measure in the light of the expenence of this
offi.ee.
X find the bill provides for the issue to soldiers,
sailors, and marines, of intcrest-beaiingcertificates,
to be used by them or their heirs in payment for
public land which thev may hereafter purchase from
the Government, that snob certificates arc in no wise
transferable, and that the intei est will continue to
accrue without limitation until the recipient, may see
fit to purchase land therewith.
The act of September 28, 18G0, granting bounty
lambs tu soldiera who had served in any of the wars
m which the Hinted States had been engaged, con-
tained a provision that the warrants thereby author- \
ized to be it?>uod should be located by the soldier or j
his hoii-:, thus preventing their a^i^nment and sale, j
This piovision gave ^uch perioral di^ajMaction that i
Congress passed the act of ilaich 22,1852, authonz- [
imr the transfer of any warrant then issued or to be .
The files and records of this ofPce show thai not j
one in five hundred of the land wnnanW issued and '
Placed m the hands of tho soldiers or their h eirs have ;
been located by them, or for their use ana bene it, j
and further, that although the said act of March _2, >
1852, made such warrants assignable; it is safe to ;
assume that not to exceed ten percent, of them have ,
been used bv precmptors as assignees m paymcntfor j
actual settlements, the most part having been used
by persons to acquire title to the public lands for
spec ulative purposes.
Should the bill under consideration become a law
and bv future legislation be so modified as to ma-.ee
tho oerti.'cates a.-umabie or available to the soldier
or his heirs without becoming settlers on the public
lands, there, is no recoil thatcin.be suggested by
this office whv results like those in respect to tho
pa-t issues mav not be looked for m regard to the
certificates contemplated by the present measuie,
the effect of which would be to transfer to non-resi-
dent proprietors large bodies of the public domain.
1 am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOiS. S. "WILSON,
Com
Hon. George W. Julian, Iloate of Representatives.
In the light of these facts, Mr. Speaker, it
is easy to see the effect ot the measures refeired
to, or of any measure offering bounties in land.
A communication has been addressed to me
from the War Department showing that over
one hundred million acres would be required
by the bill of the Military Committee, which
would fall into the hands of speculators, while
mocking the just claims of the soldier to
bou nty.
Mr. H0LMAN. I would inquire what is
the necessity for the first proviso of this bill,
which is as follows:
Provided, however, Thatthis shall not be construed
to relieve the party from the payment of the com-
misions allowed to tile looal land officers under tho
homestead acts.
Mr. JULIAN. I will answer the gentleman.
The land-office fees are a mere trifle to the
individual claimant; yet they go to make up
the aggregate of the compensation of the regis-
ters and receivers. To wipe that out would
derange our entire land system and make it
necessary to increase salaries generally, which
we are not willing to do. I now call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
T. N. BLAKE.
Mr. DRIGGS, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported a bill (II. R. No. 1158)
authorizing the Commissioner of the General
Land OQice to issue a patent to F. N. Blake
for one hundred and sixty acres of land in
Kansas ; which was read a first and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The preamble of the bill states that military
bounty-land warrant No. 82578, for one hun-
dred and sixty acres, was issued, under the act
of March V,, 1855, in the name of Betsy Poster,
and by her sold and assigned to P. N. Blake,
and thereafter lost by him ; that Blake proved
the ownership and loss of said warrant to the
satisfaction of the Commissioner, who issued a
duplicate warrant, which was located on the
northeast quarter of section twenty-five in town-
ship six south, in range one east, in the State of
Kansas.
The bill, therefore, provides that the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office shall
cause a patent for the land to be issued to F.
N. Blake as if the duplicate land warrant had
been assigned to him by the warrantee.
Mr. DRIGGS. This bill has been prepared
by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, and is all right.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DRIGGS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to leconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MICHIGAN AND WISCONSIN LAND GRANTS.
Mr. DRIGGS also, from the Committee on
the Public Lands, reported back a bill (S. No.
331) to extend the time for completing^ the
military road authorized by an act entitled
" An act granting lands to the States of Michi-
gan and Wisconsin to aid in the construction
of a military road from Fort Wilkins, Copper
Harbor, Keweenaw county, in the State ot
Michigan, to Fort Howard, Green Bay, in the
State of Wisconsin."
The bill, which was read, provides that the
time for completing the military road and for
the sales of the lands authorized by the act
named in the tide be extended till March
1) 1870. ,
Mr DRIGGS. This bill simply proposes to
