i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
421
Dreutzer, late consul at Bergen, in Norway,
$SoT 47 in coin, for consular salary from the
4th of November, 1SG5, to the 29th of May,
lS.ii-,. le^s the amount of consular fees received
by him during that time.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon dis-
charging the Committee of the Whole from the
further consideration of this bill in order that
the House may proceed to its consideration at
this time.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I object.
Mr. MYERS. I hope that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] will allow me to
make a statement before he objects.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I will hear the
gentleman's statement, of course. But I will
say that unless there can be more reason shown
for this joint resolution than I have yet learned
I must insist upon my objection.
Mr. MYERS. The Committee on Foreign
Affairs deem it proper that this joint resolu-
tion should be passed at this time. It is de-
signed to do simple justice to one of our late
consuls. It has been reported regularly from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and not
being understood an objection has been made.
I hope the gentleman from Ohio will withdraw
his objection and permit me to make a state-
ment of the circumstances of the case.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] withdraw his objection?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I dislike to
persist in the objection and I will withdraw it,
but with the understanding that I shall have
an opportunity to say a word on the subject
if I should deem it necessary.
Mr. MYERS. I wil^yield to the gentleman
if he should desire it.
Mr. Speaker, under the act of August 2,18G1,
the President of the United States was author-
ized to appoint, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, consuls at such ports as he
might deem advisable for the prevention of
piracy, at a salary not exceeding §l,50i0 a year;
the salary, however, to cease oh the "restora-
tion of internal peace," as it was called, within
the United States. Under this act the Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, appointed Orlaf E. Dreutzer, a citizen
of Wisconsin, as consul to the port of Bergen,
in Norway. He acted as consul there until No-
vember 4,18G5, when a dispatch from the Pres-
ident notified him that his salary would cease.
Navigation had closed for the season. It was
impossible for him at that time to return to the
United States. Besides that, his salary only
and not his term having ceased, without notify-
ing the State Department he could not return
and draw the pay allowed him by law for so
returning. In addition, it was necessary that
some one should remain there to protect the
rights of American citizens. Under these cir-
cumstances Mr. Dreutzer was forced to remain
till the next spring, prevented by law from
engaging in any business and only allowed the
consular fees, which amounted to but forty-six
dollars, and are directed to be deducted.
This bill proposes to allow him salary at the
rate of $1,500 from the time of such notifica-
tion, when, as stated, he could not depart prop-
erly, until the time when his successor was
appointed. The notice was given by the Presi-
dent in pursuance of the act of 1861, and I now
ask the Clerk to read a letter on this subject
from the Secretary of State.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Department of State,
Washington, January 21,1SG7.
Sze: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your letter of this date, inclosing the petition of
0. E. Dreutzer, Esq., late consul at Bergen, Norway,
and asking Bueh representation of the facts in the
case as I may please to give and. my views of the
propriety of allowing tho petitioner turthor compen-
eation.
In reply thereto I have to say that the facta and
circumstances set forth in the petition are believed
to be substantially true.
The act of Congress under which Mr. Dreotierwas
appointed provided that in every case compensation
should iiease with tho icstoration of internal peace
within the United States. That contingency having
happened, the Department had no alternative but to
give notice of the fact;to all consuls appointed under
it (as it did) that their salaries would cca3o on the
receipt of such notice. This having been done, the
Department was of opinion that it had 110 authority
to allow salary beyond that date, and therefore
deolined to allow tho same to Mr. Dreutzer.
So far as 1 am informed and as tho records of tho
Department show, Mr. Dreutzer performed his duties
while abroad in a satisfactory manner. It is not to
be donied that his situation in an extreme northern
latitude, rendering it extromely difficult for him to
return to the United States at the time of the receipt
of the notice, gives his case some peculiar claims
upon the liberality of Congress. But inasmuch as
the giving of further compensation in this case lies
wholly with tlio legislative branch of the Govern-
ment, I prefer to leavo that question entirely to tho
judgment of your committee.
I am, sir, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM II. SEWARD.
Hon. Timotht 0. Howk,
Chairman >>/ Committee on Claims in. the Senate,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Will the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Myers]
permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. MYERS. Yes, sir.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I wish to
ask whether this consul did not receive the
same salary and fees as his predecessor and
his successor received, and whether he does
not now claim the continuance of the increase
which was allowed during the war?
Mr. MYERS. I am very glad the gentle-
man asks me that question. He is misinformed
on that point. I thought I stated the case
plainly. Mr. Dreutzer, strictly speaking, had
no predecessor; he was appointed a consul
under the act of 1861, for the purpose of pre-
venting piracy, at a salary of $1,500 a year,
his appointment to cease on the '"restoration
of internal peace " in the United States. Upon
the President's determination that peace was
restored Mr. Dreutzer was notified, and on that
notification his salary ceased—not his officii.
He was detained there for several months.
First, because the navigation at Bergen, which
is at the head of a deep bay, had closed and
he could not well return; secondly, his de-
parture, had it been possible, would have left
the United States without a representative ;
and thirdly, under the act of 1850, regulating
consular offices and matters relating thereto,
he would not have been allowed his expenses
of the return trip without obtaining leave,
until his term as well as salary expired. In
the spring he resigned and came home as early
as practicable. The bill does hot provide that
he shall receive increased salary, but only
salary from the time he received this notifica-
tion till the time he was able to give up his
books as well as his office. The Secretary
of State, in the letter which has been just
read, virtually states that while he cannot pay
this now he hopes Congress will provide for
doing so.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Did not this gen-
tleman know when he took this office what
the law was ?
Mr. MYERS. Most undoubtedly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then he knew that
his salary would cease.
Mr. MYERS. He did not know at what
time the President would choose to declare
peace restored. With safety to himself, con-
sistency with the honor of the Government he
represented, or in view of his own rights qf
11 compensation, he could not return until he did.
This only gives him pay for the time he was
compelled to remain there.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. He knew the war
was over for more than a year.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I do not wish
to detain the House with any considerable dis-
cussion of this bill; but it*seems to me from
the statement of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania there is no ground upon which this con-
sul can claim any additional compensation from
the United States. If in order I renew the
original objection I made.
The SPExlKER. It is now too late.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. If it be too
late I will then say a word or two. I hope
this bill will not pass this House. What is
the proposition? We may as well meet it now
as at any other time. It is that we shall give
additional compensation to a man who took
an office on the condition expressed in the
law. He asks that we shall give him addi-
tional compensation because he went on and
discharged the duties of his office after he was
notified they should cease. In other words, this
is simply one of that class of cases in which a
gentleman takes an office and if he finds it
profitable he never refunds anything, but if it
proves unprofitable he comes to Congress and
asks for compensation. I regret the time of
the House should be taken up with any pri-
vate bill of this kind. When there were
questions of much graver and greater import-
ance demanding our attention we had not
time to consider them because we were told
there were still graver and greater questions
demanding out consideration. Let us not
consume time with these private bills; but after
we have disposed of the questions of finance
which the people look to us to dispose of we
can then consider private bills. But there is
no merit in this bill according to the statement
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania or the
letter of the Secretary of State.
Mr. MYERS. I must resume the floor; and
as the morning hour is about to expire I can
only say the gentleman is mistaken. This
does not provide for additional compensation,
but only pay for the time he held the office
after the salary ceased. I demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be read a
third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, demanded the
yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 49, not voting
55; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, James M. Ashley, Bald-
Sin, Banks, Beck, Benton, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell,
oyer, Burr, Cake, Cary, Chanlcr, Churchill, Cobb,
Cullom, Dixon, Eldritlge, Eliot, Ferriss, Fields,
Gravely. Griswold, Haight, Higby, Ilill. Hopkins.
Hotehkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jonckes,
Judd, ICclley, Kerr, Ketehnm, Knott, Lincoln, Loan,
Logan, Marshall, Marvin, Maynnrd, McCarthy, Mil-
ler, Jloore, Moorhead, Morgan, Morrell, Morrissey,
Mungcn, Myers, Nicholson, O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
Pile, Plants, Poland, Pomeroy, Price, Randall, Raum,
Robertson. Robinson, Sehcnck, Shanks, Aaron F.
Stevens. Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes, Taber, Taylor,
Trowbridge. Twichell, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van
Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyck,CadwnladerC. Wash-
burn, Henry D.Washburn, William Williams, Wood-
bridee. and Woodward—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Dclos R. Ashley,
Baker, Beaman, Benjamin, Bingham, Bromwell,
Broomall, Buckland, Butler,Ooburn, Covode,Dawes,
Kggleston, Farnsworth, Gotz. Glossbrenner, Golladay,
Grover,Harding, Chester D. Hubbard, Hunter, John-
son, Julian, Kelsey, Koontz, William Lawrence,
Loughridge.Mallory.McCorimck.McCullough, New-
comb. Perham, Polsley, Ross, Scofield, Sitgreaves,
Spalding, Starkweather, Stone, Trimble, Van Aulten,
Ward, Elihu B. Washburno, Wolker, James F. Wil-
son, Stenhen F. Wilson, and Wood—49.
• NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Anderson,
Axtell, Bailey, Barnes, Barnuin, Brooks. Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cook, Cornell, Dodge, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Eekley, Ela, Ferry, Finney, Fox, Gar-
field, Ilalsey, Hawkins, Holman, Hooper, Richard
D. Hubbard, Hulbnrd, Humphrey, Jones, Kitchen,
Laflin. Gcorgo V. Lawrence, Lynch, McClurg, Mcr-
cur, Mullins, Niblack, Nunn, Peters, Phelps, Pike,
Pruyn, Sawyer, Selye, Shcllabargcr. Smith, Stewart,
Taffe, Thomas, Upson, Burt Van Horn, William B.
Washburn. Thomas Williams, John T. Wilson, and
Windom—55.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BEAMAN stated that Mr. Driggs was
detained at his room by sickness.
The result of the vote having been an-
nounced as above recorded,
Mr. MY'ERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired. •>
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Leave of absence was granted for ten days
to Mr. McCullocgh.
DTSTILLEUY METERS.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Ways and Means, reported
