3854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
that they may go and reside with their fellow
Indians.
Mr. WINDOM. Gentlemen misapprehend,
to some extent, this bill. It contains nothing
with reference to the payment of this money.
The Secretary of the Treasury can now pay it
just as the Secretary of the interior could do;
but the Indian department is not under the
control of the Secretary of the Treasury, and
ho has no means of managing properly this
money, it is, therefore, desired that these
Indians shall be placed with the other Indians.
It may be said that there may be abuses under
the provision now proposed ; but there can be
no worse abuses than those which we have
heretofore had; and these Indians had better
all go together. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
Was accordingly read thethird time, andpassed.
Mr. \VINDOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Air. WINDOM. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Sciienck,] upon the con-
dition that the business which ho may introduce
shall give rise to no debate.
REMISSION 01' DUTY.
Mr. SCHENUlv, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a joint resolution
(II. 11. No. 327) authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to remit the duty on certain
meridian circles ; which was read a first and
second lime.
The joint resolution directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to remit the duties on a meridian
circle imported for the Observatory at Cam-
bridge. State of Massachusetts, and on a me-
ridian circle imported for the Observatory
connected with the Chicago University, at Chi-
cago, State of Illinois.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. SCIIENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LOYAL OIIOCTAW AND CHICKASAW INDIANS.
Mr. WINDOM, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported a bill (H. It. No. 1370)
for the relief of the loyal Choctaw and Chick-
asaw Indians ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
The bill was read as follows:
stipulated in the a foresaid compromise and agree-
ments: Provided, That no bonds or securities shall
be sold for less than par.
Mr. SHANKS. I wish to file a minority
report in this case.
Mr. K.ELSEY. I make the point of order
that this bill, under the rules, must go to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, as it appropriates money.
The SPEAKER. 'The Chair decides this
is not an appropriation bill. It provides for
the sale of bonds or other securities of these
Indian nations for a certain purpose. An
appropriation bill is to appropriate money of
the United States out of the Treasury of the
United States, and the rules require that such
a bill should have its first consideration in
Committee of the Whole, so that every person
representing the people of the United Stales
may have an oppoitunity to debate it.
Mr. W IN DOM. I wish the House to under-
stand this bill. It does not appropriate any
money out of the Treasury of the United States
belonging to the United States. It does ap-
propriate money belonging to the Choctaw and
Chickasaw Indians, but is no charge upon the
Treasury of the United States. Mr. Speaker,
in I860 a tregty was made with these Indians.
By one of the articles of that treaty it was
agreed that a commission, to consist of a per-
son or persons to be appointed by the Presi-
dent of the United States, shall bo appointed
immediately on the ratification of the treatyy
who shall take into consideration and determ-
ine the claim of such Choetaws and Chieka-
saws as allege that they have been driven
during the late rebellion from their homes in
the Ohocktaw and Chickasaw nations on ac-
count of their adhesion to the United States,
for damages, with power to make such award
as may be consistent with equity and good
A bill for the relief of the loyal Choctaw and Chick-
asaw Indians.
Beit enacted by the Sennit and TIouic of Renrescnt-
le (s nifcd States of Americuiii Congress asftem-
otca, luat the becretnry of tlie Interior be, and is
her- by, authorized and directed to adopt and ratify
the compromise and agreements entered into and
executed on t c 20th and lilst. ot April, 1808, between
the legally-authorized representsives of the Choc-
taw and Chickasaw nations of Indians, and the
legally-authorized representatives ol tlieloyal Choc-
taw and Chickasaw Indians, claimants under the
iorty-iunth article of the treaty of April 28, 1866,
between the United States and the Choctaw and
Chickasaw Indians, as a full and final settlement of
all claims under tho aforesaid article of said treaty.
And the amounts, as stipulated in the aforesaid
agreement, to be paid to the loyal Choctaw and
Chickasaw claimants to w.t: To tho Choctaw claim-
ants the sum of $109,,42 08. and to the Chickasaw
claimants thosum ot >231,000[$150,000] shall be paid
by the Secretary of the Interior to said claimants
out of any moneys in the Treasury of the United
btafes belonging to or held in trust for said nations
ot Indians; but in ease there is not a sufficient
amount of money in tho Tieasuiy of the United
States belonging tc or held in trust for said nations
ot Indians to discharge their respective obligations
to tho loyal Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians, claim-
ant , o ineacc [the representatives of] the Choctaw
and Cilickasnw nation-* of Indians shall request it,
then theKecretary of the Interior is authorized aud
directed to sell such bonds or other securities held
ill trust by tho United States for the Choctaw and
Chickasaw nations of Indians as may be necessary
to discharge their respective obligations to tho afore-
said loyal Choctaw and Chickasaw claimants, as
ize the payment of the amount from any
moneys of said nations in the hands of the
United States as said commission may award.
At the time this treaty was made there were
certain claims of persons denominated as loyal
Choetaws and Chiekasaws presented against
the Choctaw and Chickasaw nations. The
treaty provided this commission to ascertain
the amount of damage due them. That com-
mission went into the Indian Territory, ex-
amined witnesses, and reported a certain
amount due to these parties for damages com-
mitted by the disloyal Indians during the war
upon those who were our friends, stood by us,
and fought manfully for the stars and stripes.
1 believe I have had occasion heretofore to
refer to some of the sufferings which these
people endured when they were driven out of
the Indian country into Kansas. Many of
them were frozen to death. The Choctaw and
Cherokee nations have a considerable fund,
amounting to about five hundred thousand dol-
lars, 1 think, in the Treasuiy, upon wliich we
pay them interest annually. They have also
certain bonds which we hold in trust for them.
A Member. To what amount?
Mr. WINDOM. I do not remember; but
enough, at all events, to cover this bill. After
the report of the commission finding a certain
amount due to these loyal Indians had been
made, it was found that there were certain
persons in the nation opposing it,, and it was
difficult to get the ratification of the Secretary
of the Interior. The attorney of the loyal
claimants being present, and a delegation from
the Choetaws and Cherokees properly author-
ized to make a settlement, being in this city,
they roet together and made an agreement,
which I hold in my hand, in regard to the
amount which should be paid. As I said in
the outset, it is not a sum of money to be paid
out of the Treasury, but simply a sum to be
paid by the nation of Indians to certain indi-
viduals among themselves. These loyal In-
dians have agreed, and the nation has agreed by
their delegates here iu this city, upon a con-
tract which is now ratified by the Secretary of
I the Interior, and all that is asked is that we
) shall confirm that ratification and authorize
the money to be paid according to the agree-
ment which they have made among themselves,
and which, it seems to me, we ought to cairy
out. Both sides have agreed to it, and are
satisfied.
Mr. CHANLER. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman this question: whether this does not
divert from the specific purpose to which these
funds which are now in bonds were appro-
priated by express law of this Government;
whether, instead of appropriating the money
which was given by the United States for edu-
cational purposes you are not taking this
money and converting it to settle a question of
contract, agreement, or treaty, whatever it may
be, aud not for the purpose originally specified
when the money was appropriated?
Mr. WINDOM. I believe a portion of these
funds was set aside for school purposes; not
by treaty, however, but by simple act of Con-
gress. But the nation, by its properly author-
ized delegate. Mr. Pitchlin, acting in its behalf,
desire this thing to be done.
Mr. CHANLER. Ilow can this Govern-
ment be a party to the violation of a trust ?
Ilow can we as trustees of these wards violate
the law by^ diverting this property from the
purpose originally designated by the Govern-
ment to some new purpose?
Mr. WINDOM. I suppose if the parties in
interest agree to it we have no right to object.
Mr. CHANLER. I do not profess to be
aware of the exact relation of those Indians
to this Government. But as I understand it,
from what I have read in the books, certainly
as held by Chancellor Kent and other excel-
lent authorities—I think Story in his Com-
mentaries holds the same—an Indian is a ward
of this Government. Now, I hold that it does
not become the Government of the United
States^ to violate a trust, when the Govern-
ment is the trustee and those Indians are out-
wards. It looks to me as if this mutter should
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary
before the House passes upon it.
Mr. PETERS. Will the gentleman from
Minnesota [Mr. Wisdom] allow me to ask him
a question?
Mr. WINDOM. Certainly.
Mr. PETEllS. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether all the treaties which pro-
tected these tribes were not lost by their de-
claring war against the Government of the
united States; and whether there has not
been a new treaty made with them since the
rebellion ; and whether there is not a clause
in that treaty compelling these Indian nations
to pay the loyal Chiekasaws and Choetaws
what they lost by reason of the rebellion.
Mr. WINDOM. The gentleman has stated
the facts in the case.
Mr. CIIANLER. Then I would ask the
gentleman another question.
Mr. WINDOM. Very well.
Mr. CHANLER. Are the Indians them-
selves to be the recipients of this money, or
the Indian traders? This is in relation to the
destruction of the property of a citizen of the
United States.
Mr. WINDOM. The gentleman is referring
to another bill which has not yet been re-
ported, but which will be soon reported.
"i'j tury well. 'Then I
would ask the gentleman in what relation the
Indians embraced in this treaty stand to the
Government, of the United States?
Mr. W I N DOM. 1 have not time now to go
at length into that question, because the Com
mit.tee on Indian Affairs have several reports
yet to make. But in reply to what, has been
said by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
chanler,] in relation to these Indians being
the wards o! the Government. I will sav ;hat
these Choctaw and Chickasaw nations of In-
dions are very nearly as intelligent as white
people. lhey have their own governments,
their Legislatures, their printed statutes and
laws j their governors, their attorney general,
who is here xn this eity to-day—they have all
