180GT
THE CONGRESSIONAL "GLOBE.
Marclrl3i r 1
according to the order of the House, imme-
diately alter the Alabama bill shall have been
disposed of.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] when
he expects to call the previous question?
Mr. BANKS. As soon as the House is will-
ing to sustain it. The Committee on Foreign
Atfairs do not wish to press this bill to u. vote
against the wish of the House.
Mr. KERR. I desire to suggest a verbal
change in the first section of this bill, which
now reads as follows :
That any declaration, instruction, opinion, order,
or decision of any otiicers of tuis Government, which
denies, restricts, impairs, <>r Questions tho right of
expatriation is lieieby declared inconsistent with
the fundamental principles of this Government, and
therefore null and void.
I would suggest that the words " and there-
fore null and void" do not add anything to the
force and effect of the beclion. Besides, I
think lliey are somewhat out of harmony with
the dignity and solemnity of a measure like
this. So far as any result can be accomplished
in this way, it will be done by the declaration
that such opinion, order, &c., is "inconsistent
with the fundamental principles of this Gov-
ernment." There is 110 necessity for the other
words, and their omission would save us from
the anomalous position of attempting by legis-
lative action to render null and void a declara-
tion or an opinion.
Mr. BANIvS, I would not make any objec-
tion to the amendment which the gentleman
suggests.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not now open
to amendment, as the motion to recommit is
pending.
Mr. KERR. Then I give notice that if I
shall have the opportunity 1 will move fo amend
the first section of this bill by striking out the
words "and therefore null and void."
enrorxr.d joint resolutions.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled joiut
resolutions of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same:
Joint l'csolution (S. It. No. Ill) providing
for the issue of clothing to soldiers and others,
to replace clothing destroyed to prevent con-
tagion ; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 80) providing
for the representation of the United States at
the international maritime exhibition to be
held at Havre.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the same committee,
reported that the committee had examined and
found truly enrolled joint resolutions of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
Joint resolution (n. R. No. 22G) appointing
managers of the National Asylum for Disabled
Soldiers, and for other purposes ; and
Joint resolution (H. It. No. 228) relative to
the post otlice and sub-Treasury of the city of
Boston.
message from tiie president.
A message from the President of the United
States, by W. G. Moose, Esq., his Private
Secretary, announced that he had, on the 0th
instant, approved and signed bills of the fol-
lowing titles:
Ati act (H. R. No. COO) restoring lands to
market along the line of the Pacific railroads
and branches; and
An act (H. R. No. 35S") for the relief of set-
tlers on the late Sioux Indian reservation in
the State of Minnesota.
railing or old hall.
Mr. COBB. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution :
lleiohed, That the Speaker bedircctcd to authorize
the architect of the Capitol to tell at public auction
the iron tailing taken from tho old llail oi Uepic-
sentiimc, and that tho money thus realized be ap-
plied to the casual repairs of the cential portion of
the Capitol.
Mr. MAYNARD. I muit obitet to iliac.
the city council of new orleans. . .
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
General of the Army, transmitting, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the House of the 9th
instant, copies of all correspondence relating
to the removal of the city councils of New
Orleans and of Jefferson city, Louisiana.
Mr. COOK. I move that that communica-
tion be referred to the Committee oa Recon-
struction, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
salaries of officers of idaiio.
Mr. HOLBROOK. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following preamble and res-
olution for consideration at the present time :
Whereas it is represented that tho Secretaryof the 
Treasury has paid, or is about to pay, the salary of
certain tenitonal officers of Idaho Territory, in viola-
tion of an act approved Juno 15,1852, which provides
"that whenever an officer of either of the Territories
of tho United States sli.ill be absent theiefiom, auu
from the duti-'i of his otlice, no salary shall bo paid
him during the > ear in which such absence shall
occur, unless good causo therefor shall bo shown to
tho President of the United States, who shall offi-
cially certify his opinion of such causo to tho proper
accounting ofiieer of the Treasury, to be filed in his
office:" Therefore.
Bo it resolved, That the Committee on Territories
be instructed to inquire what further legislation, if
anv, is necessary to prevent the violation of said act
of 1852, and report to the Houso by bill or otherwise..
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I object.
military posts on pacific coast.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution for consid-
eration at the present time:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to inform tho llouso what number of soldiers aro
stationed at the lollowing military post"? on tho Pa-
cific coast; alio what expense has been incurred by
the Government in maintaining the same lor tho
last tiscal year, including tho pay of officers and
men, transportation, lorage, and all other expenses,
namely:
Forts Bid well and Ciook, in the State of Califor-
nia;
Camps McGarry and McDermott, in tho Stato of
Nevada;
Camps Lyon and Winthrop, in the Territory of
Idaho;and
Fort Klamath and Camps Watson, Smith, and
Harney, in tho rftatc of Oregon.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will not make any ob-
jection to t he resolution ; but I will suggest to
the gentleman from Oregon [Mr. Mallory]
that he .should amend his resolution so as to
include the War Office in the city of Washing-
ton. [Laughter.]
Mr. MALLORY. I do not think that is
necessary.
No objection being made, the resolution was
received and adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order.
The SPEAKER. Tho regular order is the
bill concerning the rights of American citizens
in foreign States. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Moi:i;\y] lias yielded the remainder of
his time to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Baxks.]
Mr. BANKS. I will yield to a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
that the House now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BEAMAN: The petition of S. L.
Potter and others, of Wyandotte, Michigan,
praying that the system of bonded warehouses
be abolished.
By Mr. CIIILCOTT: The petition of citi-
zens of Colorado, praying for the establish-
ment of an additional land district in the
southern part of said Territory.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas : A concurrent
resolution of the Legislature ot the Slate of !j
Kansas, memorializing tor aito'iation l[
of a 1 art ui' .he L_ja ill le-fcrvutiou to il
aid in building a bridge across the MiBsoari-
river at or near the city of Leavenworth.
Also, a concurrent resolution of the Legis-
lature of the State of Kansas, memorializing^
Congress to grant to the State of Kansas an
equivalent of public lands for the benefit of
common schools in lieu of those lost to saidj
schools by the Indian reservation and trust;
lands, and that in treaties pending and to be
made for disposition of reservation and trust
lands the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections
be reserved for the benefit of common schools..
Also, a concurrent resolution of the Legis-.
lature of the State of Kansas, requesting Con-
gress for aid in bonds and lands for the Central
Branch Union Pacific Railroad Company, the
same as has been given to the main line.
By Mr. McCLURG; The petition ofEmille
Golden, of Missouri, for pay as lieutenant
colonel. , -
By Mr. NICHOLSON: A memorial of the
manufacturers and importers of Wilmington,
Delaware, for such a change of the revenue
laws as shall authorize the immediate forward-
ing of goods and merchandize received at any
port of the United States, and directed by in-
voice and bill of lading to another port, to the
customs otiicers of the said ports as directed,
without entry, warehousing, bonding, or otter
delay at the port ef arrival, under such regula-
tions as shall perfectly secure the interests of
the Treasury of the United States and the rights
of importers. ; . • • <
Also, the petition of the citizens of Dover,
Delaware, for a reduction of expenditures and
taxation. ...
By Mr. PERHAM; The petition of Michael
Reilly, for pension. : ..
By Mr. POLAND : The petition of R. H.
Hoytand 140 others, of St. Albans, Vermont,
praying for a reduction of the Army and Navy
and of the expenses of the Government gener-
ally ; and for such an adjustment of the rev-
enue laws as will keep the balance of trade in
favor of this country, restore a specie basis,
and furnish employment for labor.
By Mr. POLSLEY: The petition of 500
citizens of West Virginia, for the passage of
House bill No. 224, to incorporate the Wash-
ington and Cincinnati Railroad Company, a
By Mr. ROBINSON: The petition of all the
morocco manufacturers of the cities of New
York and Brooklyn, in favor of the importation
of raw goatskins and sumac fiee of duty.
Also, like petition of employes of morocco
manufacturers in New York and Brooklyn.
By Mr. SPALDING: A remonstrance of R.
K. Winslow and others, merchants of northern
Ohio, against the sale of the revenue cutters
now on the lakes.
By Mr. WILSON, of Iowa: A memorial of
of the journeymen cigarmakers and manufac-
turers of cigars of the first congressional district
of Iowa.
IN SENATE.
"Wednesday, March IX, 1868. .
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. CONKLING presented a memorial of
citizens of Boston, remonstrating against the
passage of an international copyright law;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Library.
Mr. CONKLING. I present also the me-
morial of a large number of citizens of Jeffer-
son county, in the Territory of Colorado, remon-
strating against the admission of that Territory
as a State, and representing the present move-
ment for that admission to be a fraud upon the
people of the Territory. As the bill on this
subject has already passed from the committee
having it in charge, and is on our Calendar, I
move that this memorial be laid oa the table
and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN presented amemorialof ship-
