306
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 21,
Ho. of Beps.
Purchase of Alaska—■Mr. Paine.
4Qth Cong....2d Sess.
means of a treaty of the President and Senate,
to perform or compel the States or people to
perform all of these acts? Is it reasonable to
suppose that all the guards thrown around tlie
States and the people by that instrument-were
intended'to be nugatory whenever the Presi-
dent and Senate should, by a resort to the
treaty power, attempt to impose upon them an
obligation to do that which the Constitution
gives them full discretion to do or not to do?
This reasoning of Mr. Cushiug involves many
fallacies. In- the first place, it supposes our
Federal Government to occupy, so far as this
question is concerned, the attitude of a Gov-
ernment in which all sovereign powers are
concentrated. ]t overlooks the material fact
that a large portion of these powers are, by
our Constitution, reserved to the people and
the States for the specific purpose of security
against just such oppressions as would inevita-
bly result from the exercise of this form of the
treaty power. If the British Government, the
king and Parliament cooperating, make a treaty
binding England to the performance of such
acts as in this country can only be performed
by the States, the obligation may be perfect,
because the king and Parliament have all
power, and can perform or compel the per-
formance of the stipulated acts; but 111 this
country the central Government has no such
omnipotence.
It is not reasonable to say that a power con-
ferred upon this limited Government is abso-
lute and unlimited merely because it is unde-
fined, although it might be reasonable to say
that of an undefined grant to such a Govern-
ment as that of Great Britain. Nor would the
fact, it' it were the fact, that the Constitution
forbids States to stipulate with foreign nations
to perform acts which they alone have power
to perform, tend to authorize the Federal Gov-
ernment to bind the States to perform such acts.
Mr. Cushing's opinion involves the further fal-
lacy that unless the Federal Government can
make treaties of this class a portion of the
treaty power, well known to the law of nations,
cannot be exercised at all. If treaties of this
kind are required they can easily be made,
without any invasion of the jurisdiction re-
served by the Constitution to the States, in the
very mode adopted in the northeastern bound-
ary treaty with Great Britain, and proposed
by the President in the French treaty of 18o3,
leaving to the States concerned their constitu-
tional light to do or not do the acls proposed,
and making the consummation of the treaty
dependent on the action of such States.
The Government of the United States de-
clared to the British Government, pending the
questions respecting our northeastern bound-
aries, that it had 110 power to code any part of
the. territory claimed by the State of Maine
without, the consent of that State. Nor did the
Federal Government act on the sdfcject until
it had provided that commissioners, on the
part of Maine and Massachusetts, should be
present at the negotiation and assent to the
boundary line agreed upon. In the treaty with
Franco of 1853 the President only stipulated
to recommend to the several States the enact-
ment of laws to relieve French subjects from
disability to hold land in the United States.
But we should not forget that there is a posi-
ti\e provision of the Constitution which pre-
serves this branch of the treaty power tlie
possible loss of which occasions so much ap-
prehension. I refer to the section which per-
mits States, with the consent of Congress, to
enter into agreements or compacts with other
States or with foreign Powers. Mr. Justice
Story, ill his Commentaries, consideied the
distinction between "treaties,'' which are ab-
solutely prohibited to the States, and "agree-
ments or compacts," which they are pel-nutted :|
to make with the consent of Congress. He !j
observed that this distinction was nowhere >1
explained, and had never been subjected to any |]
exact judicial or other examination, and stated il
his own conclusion in the following words,
namely:
"The latter clausc, compacts and agreements,
might then very properly apply to such as regarded
what might bo deemed mere private rights of sove-
reignty: suehns questions of boundary, interests in
land situated in the territory of each other, and other
internal regulations for the mutual cornlortand con-
venience ot States bordering on each other. In such
coses tho consent of Congress may be properly re-
quired in order to cheek any infringement of the
i ishis of the national Government; and at tlio same
time a total prohibition to enter into any compactor
agreement might be attended with permanent incon-
venience or public mischief."
But the consequences of Mr. Cushing's in-
terpretation would be most intolerable. If
the Federal Government could by treaty bind
the nation or the States to the performance of
acls within the exclusive cognizance of the
States it could compel the States to enact, en-
force, or repeal laws affecting not only the tcn-
m-eoflauds withinthe States, butalso marriage,
divorce, guardianship, testaments, administra-
tion, incorporations, crimes, and all the other
innumerable subjects most wisely left by the
Constitution to State legislation. Forexamplc,
the President and Senate, by a treaty with tho
Sultan of Turkey, could provide that his sub-
jects resident in the United States should be
permitted to bring hither all their wives and
practice polygamy in any of tho States. By
a treaty with the Pope they could compel par-
ticular States to make marriage an ecclesias-
tical ordinance for one portion of the people
and a civil contract for another. By treaties
they could compel particular Stales to make
divorce the subject of ecclesiastical cognizance
in some cases and of judicial cognizance in
others, and to grant divorces for one causc to
residents of one nationality and for another
cause to residents of another.
The first article of the amendments of the
Constitution provides that Congress shall make
no law respecting an establishment of religion,
or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, or
abridging the freedom of speech or of the press,
or the right of the people peaceably to assem-
ble ami to petition the Government for a redress
of grievances. But Congress only is prohib-
ited. If, therefore, the treaty-making power
of the President and Senate embraces in its
scope those subjects which are reserved to
the control of tho States and people, it may
provide for an establishment of religion, or
prohibit the exercise thereof, or abridge the
freedom of speech or of the press, or the right
of the people peaceably to assemble and to
petition the Government for a redress of griev-
ances.
Mr. Cushing relies upon the following judi-
cial authorities: Fairfax vs. Hunter, 7 Cranch,
027 ; Ware vs. Ilylton, It Dallas, 190 ; and Peo-
ple vs. Gerke, 5 Cal., 381.
But what is the precise point decided by the
court in the case referred to in 7 Cranch? The
opinion was pionounced by Mr. Justice Story,
and includes a statement of tlie facts on which
the decision is founded. The ninth aiticle of
the treaty of 179-1 is in the following words:
" It is agreed that British subjects who now hold
lands ia tho teiritoiios of tiio United States and
American citizens who now hold lands in tlio domin-
ions ot Ins majesty shall continue to hold them, ac-
cording to the nature ;<nd tcnuic of their re^peeti\u
estates and titles therein, and m:iy grant, sell, or de-
vise the samo to whom they please, in iiko manner
as if they were natives; and that neither they nor
their heirs or-assigns shall, so far as respects tho said
lands and the legal remedies incident thereto, be
considered as aliens."
Lord Fairfax, a citizen and resident of Vir-
ginia, died in December, 1781, daring the dev-
olution, seized of certain lands in that State,
which, by his last will and testament, he de-
vised to Denny Fairfax, a British subject and
alien enemy. The question was whether the j
lands were vested in the Commonwealth of i|
Virginia or in the devisee. The court held
that, by the common law, Denny Fairfax, an !
alien, could take lands by purchase, though j
not by descent; that it was immaterial whether ji
the purchase was by grant or devise; that his i!
title could not be divested before office found ;
that by no public acts of Virginia were the
lands ever vested'in the Commonwealth-, dur-
ing the war or after the war: and that no act
subsequent to the treaty of 1794 could so vest
them, because-that treaty protected the title
of the devisee. .The decision was not that the
President and Senate could, by treaty, compel
a State to permit aliens thereafter to acquire
lands and to hold them, but that the State of
Virginia had not, since the treaty of 1794,
attempted by legislation to appropriate these
lands to herself, and could not have done so
if she had attempted it. It is obvious that
the weight of this authority would be much
greater if the court had found subsisting State
legislation which it was necessary to override,
and had overriden it. Bui the court expressly
declared that no such legislation was in tlie
way, and then, by what amounts' to little more
than an obiter dictum, declared that if any
such obstacle had existed they would have
removed it.
In Ware vs. Hylton, the second ease referred
to by Mr. Cushing,.it was held that by our
treaty of pcace with England, concluded Sep-
tember 3, 1783, the Virginia statute of 1779 con-
fiscating debts due British enemies was an-
nulled. But this treaty was made under the
Confederation, four years before the establish-
ment of our Constitution. The case, therefore,
has no weight as an authority. While it is true,
as Mr. Cushing states, that the supreme court
of California, m 1855, in a case involving one
of the articles of our Prussian treaty of 182S,
did decide that the President and Senate had
the power, by treaty, to provide that upon the
death of a person holding real estate within one
of the States which would, by the law of such
State, descend to a Prussian subject, but for
the disqualification of alienage, such Prussian,
subject should be allowed a reasonable time to
sell the real estate and withdiawthe proceeds.
But even this decision was repudiated by the
same court in the next year (1850) in the ease
of Siemssen vs. Bofer, in which Chief Justice
Murray said: „
"The treaty-making power can only bo eooval with
tuo express grant ot power to tho Federal Govern-
ment, and can never be extended, by implication, to
the reserved powers of the States, or matters which
belong to btate sovereignty, or the right whiab apper-
tains to govern her own domestic eonecrns and estab-
lish her own police regulations; neither can the exer-
cise of this power, on the part of tho President and
Senate, be extended to matters which are the proper
subject of congressional legislation."
These considerations, sir, render it perfectly-
clear to my mind that tho treaty power of the
President and Senate only extends to such
engagements as can be fulfilled by the exer-
cise of the powers delegated to the Federal
Government without invading those reserved
to the States or people.
The next question is whether the President
and Senate can bind the nation by treaties
which involve the exercise of all the powers
delegated to the Federal Government, or onlv
by such as do not involve the exercise of
powers exclusively vested in the legislative
department of that Government.
llic provisions ot the Constitution specially
relating to the treaty power have been already
cited. That instrument contains also the fol-
lowing provisions:
"All legislative powers herein granted shall be
vested ma Congress of tho United States, which
saall consist ot a Senate uud House of Representa-
tives. All bill? for raisins revenue shall originate
in the House of Representatives." "The Consrress
shall have power'' [to do the acts specified in tho
seventeen sub-divisions of the eighth section of the
*i\, &rtJC-c.J jNo money shall be drawn from tho
i3c m ecmsociuenee appropriations
_^ It is a familiar canon of interpretation that
u rvro provisions are susceptible ol' different
u.tc! preuxiiouiu that which would destroy one
ot mem is to bo rejected, and that which &ould
preserve both is to be accepted.
Let us apply this rale to the constitutional
