2880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
extend till March, 1870, a land grant heretofore
made to the States of Wisconsin and Michigan
for a military road. This road, which is a
wagon-road, is now partially completed ; and
we propose to extend the time, as will be seen,
for only one year and ten months. This is
petitioned for by a large number of the people
of that country and by the Legislature of the
State of Wisconsin. The bill makes no new
grant. This short extension is asked in con-
sequence of the death of one of the contractors,
by which the work was thrown back. The
extension proposed is for the shortest possible
time that will enable the parties to complete
the road.
Mr. MAYNARD. Why does the bill say
one j'ear and ten months ?
Mr. DRIGGS. The bill names the 1st of
March, 1870, as the limit, which is one year
and ten months from the present time. The bill
has been delayed since its original introduction.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. DRIGGS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider belaid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
VIRGINIA MILITARY DISTRICT, OHIO.
Mr. ECKLEY, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported back a bill (H. R. No.
816) to authorize homestead entries in the
Virginia military district in Ohio, and moved
that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the bill.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
laid on the table.
Mr. ECKLEYalso, from the Committee on
the Public Lands, to which was referred a reso-
lution directing an inquiry into the propriety
of ceding to the State of Ohio the balance of
public lands unclaimed therein, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 1159) to cede to the State of Ohio
the unsold lands in the Virginia military dis-
trict in said State; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
lands remaining unsurveyed and unsold in the
Virginia military district in said State be ceded
to the State of Ohio upon the condition that
any person who at the time of the passage of
the act is a bona fide settler on any portion of
the land, may hold not exceeding one hundred
and sixty acres by him occupied by preemp-
tion in such manner as the Legislature of the
State of Ohio may direct.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third rea.ding; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ECKLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
VIKQINIA MILITARY DISTRICT IN OHIO.
Mr. ECKLEY, from the same committee,
reported back House bill No. 794, to reopen
the land office in the Virginia military district
of Ohio, and for other purposes, and moved that
it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
PROTECTION 01? ACTUAL SETTLERS.
Mr. DONNELLY, from the same committee,
reported back House bill No. 23. to protect the
rights of actual settlers upon the public lands
ol the United States, with the recommendation
that it do pass.
The bill, which was read in extenso, provides
that, in no case shall more than three sections
ol' public lands of the United States be entered
in any one township by means of scrip issued
to any State under the act approved July 2,
1802. "for the establishment of an agricultural
college therein.
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. Speaker, two or
three words will explain the purpose of this
bill. Under the existing laws as to agricul-
tural scrip it can be located in any one State to
the amount of one million of acres. It is sold
at a low price, from fifty and sixty to seventy
cents per acre. It has been in some States the
means of great local injury by the location of
scrip in great bodies, thus excluding settlement
and preventing the development of the coun-
try. This provides that not more than three
sections shall be located in any one township,
so that the effect will be distributed, and there
will be no injury done to the development of
the country. If there are no questions to be
asked I shall demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DONNELLY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table. v
The latter motion was agreed to. \
NAVIGATION OE THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. DONNELLY, from the same commit-
tee, also reported back House bill No. 554,
making a grant of land to the State of Minne-
sota to aid in the improvement of the naviga-
tion of the Mississippi river, withamendments.
The first section of the bill provides that
there be granted to the State of Minnesota, for
the purpose of aiding said State in construct-
ing and completing a lock and dam at or near
Meeker's Island in the Mississippi river in said
State, and thereby facilitating the navigation
of the Mississippi river between the Falls of
Saint Anthony and the mouth of the Minne-
sota river, two hundred thousand acres of public
lands, to be selected in alternate odd-numbered
sections by an agent to be appointed by th<j
Governor of said State, subject to the approval
of the Secretary of the Interior ; provided,
that said lands shall be selected from the public
lands lying within the limits of the said State
of Minnesota, and that not more than one sec-
tion thereof shall be selected in any one town-
ship ; provided further, that said selections
shall not be made from any lands designated
by the United States as "mineral" before the
passage of this act, nor from any lands to
which rights of preemption or homestead have
attached.
The second section provides that said lands
so granted shall be subject to the disposal of
the Legislature of said State; and the said
lock and dam shall be and remain forever a
public highway, free lrom any toll or charge
of any kind whatever; and the said Legislature
shall have power to pass all needful rules and
regulations that may be necessary to fully carry
out the purposes of this act.
The third section provides that if said lock
and dam are not constructed within two years
from and after the date of the acceptance and
disposition of this grant by the Legislature of
the said State, the lands hereby granted shall
revert to the United States.
And the fourth and last section provides that
at any time after the selection of said lands,
and subsequent to the completion of said lock
and dam, the lands hereby granted shall be
open for settlement by actual settlers, upon
paying to the company who may construct said
lock and dam a price not exceeding $2 50 per |
acre for the same.
The amendments are as follows:
In line five, section one, after the words " Meeker's
Island," insert" so called."
Inline sixteen, strikeout "lands designated by the
United States as 'mineral' before the passage of this
act" and insert "containing mines of gold, silver,
cinnabar, or copper."
In line three, suction three, after the word "State,"
insert "for the purposes mentioned in the first section
of this act."
In line two, section four, strike out "said lands,
and subsequent to the completion of said lock and
dam."
Strike out in same section, lines five and six, "to the
company who may construct^ said look and dam;"
and striko out "$2 50," and insert "$1 25" in lieu
thereof.
Add to the section "whieli shall be paid by the
State to the company who may construct said lock
and dam."
Add the following section:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That if at any tmie
prior to the completion of the said, lock and dam
the Government of the United States shall make an
appropriation in money sufficient to construct said
lock and dam. then the grant of land herein shall
revert to the United States.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I am
afraid thatthis bill as if, now stands might affect
previous grants made to railroads.
Mr. DONNELLY. Not at all.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I do not
think Hint is the intention, but I nrove to
amend the last section by saying "this act
shall not affect the lands already granted for
railroad purposes."
Mr. DONNELLY. I accept the amend-
ment. That was the intention of the com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
accept it, the bill being reported from a eom-
mi ttee.
Mr. DONNELLY. I will permit it to be
offered.
The amendment of Mr. Stevens was agreed
to; and the amendments reported by the com-
mittee were also agreed to.
Mr. DONNELLY. This is a grant which
by its terms is confined to the limits of the
State of Minnesota, andean apply only to lands
lying in that State. The Legislature of Min-
nesota have unanimously memorialized Con-
gress to make this grant. The memorial is as
follows :
To the honorable the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congresn as-
se-rnbled :
Your memorialists, the Legislature of Minnesota,
on bohuU of the people of said State which thej rep-
resent, most respectfully yet earnestly memorialize
your honorable bodies for aid to perfect the naviga-
tion of the Mississippi river to the Falls of 6t, An-
thony, by an appropriation of lands therefor, in  ur-
therance of the commerce of no less than ten States
directly interested.
They would state, as an historical fact which can-
not be successfully disputed, that up to 1807 steam-
boats of the average tonnage used on the Mississippi
above St. Louis made regular trips to within two and
a half miles of the falls, that is, to the rapids at the
foot of the falls, and occasionally to the two uties
situated on their banks; that such was theconfidenee
inspired by these early efforts that large sums of
money were expended by the citizens in warehouse*,
and in the removal of obstructions on the rapids,
till the commercial disasters of 1855-59, followed by a
series ol unparalleled droughts, before unknown to
the country, and the great civil war just ended, put
an end to ail enterprise which should be assumed or
aided by the Federal Uovernmcnt, that has exclusive
power to regulate commerce between the States. In
consequence of these delays and public disasters, and
the distance of the foot of the rapids ^to which boats
could regularly come) from the two cities at the falls,
navigation hitherto has been suspended, or rather
has receded some sixteen miles, to St. Paul, where
ail the freight destined to these cities ^Minneapolis
and St. Anthony) and the vast regions north and
west dependent on them for their goods and groceries,
must break bulk and be carried on cars or wagons
to their destination.
^ The unnecessary expense of transhipping, draw-
ing, and rehandling all this freight almost insight of
the fails, it is proposed to remedy by a lock and dam
at the foot of the rapids, and thus practically extend
the navigation of the Mississippi full sixteen miles,
to its natural limit and proper terminus. Accord-
ingly, the Legislature of Minnesota, fully appreci-
ating the importance of the work, unanimously
passed an act in 1857 to incorporate the Mississippi
River Improvement and Manufacturing Company,
with the lending object iu vie wot perfecting the navi-
gation to the falls by a lock and dam at or near the
loot of the rapids, with the incidental privilege of
using the water-power created therebv for manu-
iactuung purposes ; and as late as February of last
year again expressed their sense of its necessity by
extending the time for its completion. The original
corporators and the present odieors ami stockholders
V-ien Permanently intciesUd m the faithful
~   . .
of
of ^lOO.WO, paid prior to the organization of the com-
Lot niey cannot now look to the incidental
advant age of using the water a* any adequate return
oi their labor and capital, as the inexhaustible re-
sources in tins respect above and on tho falls, already
' aro Snour^ supply all demands lor
   "" " " oiii-
. must
.   *  Y ••••*-«■  Hi VVIIUCIIUUII Mtiii thofatt
that their charter requires them to lock boats and
'J? t"rwu£*1 and without charge.
ihe e<vt uf the lock and dam is variously esti-
mated a .1 the way irom one hundred awl illty to two
hundred thousand dollars. To ex peat the State of
