1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2831
Minnesota to incur such an expense would hardly
bo reasonable, when every State washed by the Mis-
sissippi, from the Falls of St. Anthony to the Gulf
of Mexico, is equally interested and benefited. It
were equally unreasonable to exact of private capi-
tal a great commercial improvement when the Con-
stitution has invested Congress with the charge of
such works. Nor is it proposed to add to the bur-
dens of the Government by the further use of its
credit, but only to ask a moderate share of that rc-
souieo on which it is now the settled policy no longer
to rely as a fountain of revenue—the public lands.
Hie hundred millions of acres already donated di-
rectly or indirectly to railroads, and additional mil-
lions ot acres more for agricultural colleges and free
homes, conclusively prove that it is no longer the
purpose of the Government to look to this fund for
revenue.
Your memorialists, therefore, ask a grant of lands
to be passed to said company in installments, as their
work on the lock and dam progresses and is approved
by the United States Secretary of the Interior, in
accordance with a bill which will be introduced at
the present session of your honorable bodies.
^ They make this appeal m strong confidence of the
justice of the ease, and of tlio liberality of Congress
toward a section ot our country which, in addition
to the tiials incident to all new State?, has just
emerged fiom an expensive and exhaustive war, in
which lull one third of her adult male population
was gloriously engaged.
They do not ask a grant to aid in the construction
of a eanal where none was before built, but to cffcct
an extension of sixteen miles to the grandest canal
on the globe, fed by the fountains of a continent and
the clouds ot heaven, a parent trunk which, with its
hundred navigable branches, floats nearly two thirds
ot the entire commerce of the Union. Every mile of
the navigation on the Mississippi permanently re-
claimed adds a mile more to each ot its tnbutaries,
or, what is equivalent, to an increased commercial
intercourse ot ono hundred miles, if there be so many
navigable branches.
Neither do they ask tho grant to open some new
road, but to make some slight repairs of the natural
track and beaten road of the commerce of the West,
hum the dawn of its first settlements. Your niemo-
lialists are aware of the generous grants already
made in aid of railroads, and the marvelous develop-
ment of the Northwest by their construction; but it
is a singular fact that all these great thoroughfares
are but the extensions of lines running east and
west, giving the commerce and intercourse of the
country a sectional bearing, and turning the trade
over more expensive and unnatural channels. The
North naturally wants what is produced or grown in
the South, and the South what is grown or produced
in the North. To supply one section with the sur-
plus which can be spared by the other is just the
business and appropriate office of commerce, and
all the improvements of a growing and commercial
people should bo directed accordingly. The lumber
regions of Minnesota ccrtainly do not require acom-
mercial thoroughfare through similar districts in
Wisconsin, Michigan, and New Yoik. That would
be to carry coal to Newcastle. But rivers, rail-
roads, and ca.nals, looking from the pineries of Min-
nesota to the plains ot Iowa, Missouri, and Illinois,
just &upply the mutual wants and necessities of both,
taking lumber as a convenient illustration for the
principle hero contended for. So of flour, corn, pork,
and beef, their best home market is and ever will be
South. So, also, our woolen and cotton fabrics, or
whatever else we may manufacture in the North or
Northwest, will have their best maiket South or
Southwest.
On the other hand, we are in just as much need of
the productions ot the South, as cotton, rice, sugar,
molasses, etc. Direct communication, therefore, is
both natural and necessary, and the all-beneficent
Creator lias graciously anticipated the wants and
necessities ot unborn millions in having given us
exactly such a continuous means of supply and
exchange from the Falls of St Anthony to the Gulf
ot Mexico. That means is the Mississippi river, the
cheape&t and direetest channel of intercourse and
commerce between the sections. It is more: it is
now and ever will be and remain the great regulator
and moderator of fare and freights among the rival
carriers of the commerce of the West. .Ail recollect
with what haste and facility the various railroad
lines combined to increase the cost of travel, and
double, and in some instances triple and quadruple,
the cost of transporting the pioduce ot the West dur-
ing the late non-intercourse measures in the Lower
Mississippi. So enormous were theirratcs that, high
as all kinds of produce were, tho agriculturists and
other producers could not realize any remunerative
returns, as all was swallowed up in commissions and
freights, but which speedily receded as soon as the
manacles of war wereremoved fiom thegreat Father
of Waters.
While, therefore, there is a direct and peculiar
interest in ail the States south of us to the Gulf, to
reach the cities at the falls without breaking bulk
and transhipment, the manufacturing and the trade
now centered there call aloud for this consummation.
The raw material shipped, wheeled, or floated there
for manufacture is simply enormous, though manu-
facturing there is but in its infancy. Wool, wheat,
wood, iron, brass, mill-logs, rags, are there, by our
facile water-power respectively worked into satinets
and broadcloths, flour, wood on-ware, implcinencs
and machinery, lumber and paper, most of which
finds a market south of us. Hon. Horace Greeley,
while on a visit to that city to attend our State fair
last October, thus speaks of Minneapolis alone. After
referring to the fact that we had about nine thousand
inhabitants at the Falls of St. Anthony, he adds:
"Minneapolis has advantages enough in her enor-
mous yet facile water-power, which may be made to
give employment to a population of one hundred
thousand souls. It has no superior but Niagara, and
surpasses that, inasmuch as the pineries above and
the wheat and lands all around arecaleulated tosup-
ply it with profitable employment. And these are
but the rude beginnings. Already, beside a paper-
mill and other such, a woolen factory is in full oper-
ation, turning out eight hundred yards per day of
satinets and other substantial fabrics, all of which
find an eager home market, as they will when the daily
production shall have been quadrupled. Another
such is nearly ready, and there is room and profitable
business for a dozen more, and for cotton factories,
also. Nowhere on earth are the beneficent influences
of our protective tariff destined to be morse signally
or more promptly realized than through the great
West. And this city, as one consequence, ought to
quadruple its population within the next ten years."
The St. Paul Press, the leading journal of the State,
and from whoso locality could not be expected to do
a rival over-justice, in its weekly issuo of the 20th
July last, uses tho following words:
" The Fall's of St. Anthony have already attained
a poetical and practical reputation suilicicntly wide
to attract tourists and shxewd business men from
hundreds of miles away. And well are they repaid
for their investment. If nature can be supposed to
have any eye to business, she must have made a
speciality ot this point, and her efforts are certainly
entitled to commendation,for the townssituatedupon
either bank of the falls are undoubtedly destined to
rank among the most piominent manufacturing
places in the United States. A glance at the different
branches of trade, and what has already been done,
will convince the most casual reader of the correct-
ness of tho above statement."
The editor of the press then goes into a careful and
elaborate examination of each leading interest or
business in manufacturing. "We shall only insert
this summary of each, without publishing his obser-
vations m detail. Concluding his remarks on tho
lumber trade there, he says:
" To carry on such an immense business a large cap-
ital is necessarily employed, and few are aware of the
amount that has been absorbed by the lumber trade
at this point. A careful estimate based on the cost
of the logs per thousand shows that, including tho
cost of the mills, about seven hundred thousand dol-
lars arc required to carry on tho present lumber trade
of Minneapolis, and $.'350,000 for that of St. Anthony,
making the total capital required for the lumber
trade at the falls £1,050,000. This, too, when the
trade is comparatively in its infancy."
lie thus speaks of its market and destination when
manufactured:
"Three rafts have been sent from Minneapolis
and two fiom St. Anthony this season, and five moie
are nearly ready. Some of these rafts go as far as
Memphis. Three million feet have been sent to St.
Louis, and thence by steamer to New Orleans. In
Minneapolis all the dealers have largo yards, in
which are immense stacks of lumber. A consider-
able quantity comes to the lumber yardsin this city;
one of the mill owners, Mr. Washburn, lias a veiy
large quan' ity in Wabash aw street. Upon tho open-
ing of the Central road in the fall, from fifteen to
twenty million feet will be sent to Faribault and
intermediate ]>oints. Large_ orders from Dubuque
and other river points are being constantly received,
and tho demand is unprecedented!}' largo."
The following is his summary under the head of
flour:
"The product of the custom mills wo make no esti-
mate of, as the amount must necessarily vary from
day to day. The capacity of the three merchant
mills is nearly six hundred barrels per day, and about
four hundred are now being actually manufactured.
"The capital, including mill sites, &c., invested in
this branch of trade, does not vary much from one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
"A large quantity of the flour is, of course, used
for home consumption. Our State is not largely sup-
plied with flouring mills, and hence the mills have
quite a large home trade. Large shipments arc con-
stantly made, the leading poinls (o which it is sent
being Boston, Chicago, and St. Louis."
He thus concludes his article on wooden ware, such
as pails, churns, tubs, and measures:
"This firm nearly supply the whole State, and the
river trade, a? far as Dubuque, with wooden ware.
High freights have prevented shipments which would
otherwise have been made, but the demand near
home has kept them constantly enrraged. Some large
lots have been shipped to St. Louis."
He thus speaks of a firm engaged in the manufac-
ture of wool:
"This firm make weekly consignments of goods to
large wholesale houses in Chicago and St. Louis.
They also sell largely near home. Thepricesof their
goods range from eighty-live cent? to two dollars per
yard. Withthcfarmer^theycxchangeclothfor wool,
where goods are desired.
"The capital invested in the mill and stock amounts
to $100,000. xr . _
"On the opposite side of the canal, Vcazic, Dem-
crett, & Ihownehavc erected a fine three story stono
building, fifty by seventy, for a woolen factory. The.
building is now ready for the machinery, and they
expectto have their factory m operation in the course
of a month."
Of the manufacture of paper he says:
"This mill was started sixyears ago, and manufac-
tures printing and wrapping paper only. # Thirty
hands are employed, and it is now making one
thousand pounds of print and two thousand pounds
of wrapping paper daily. Tho punting sells for
twenty cents a pound, and the wrapping whole-
sale at six and a half cents. Fifty thousand dollars
capital is iuvested in the business. The rags are
obtained principally in the State, and are shipped
up from as far down as La Crosse.
"Thismill supplies tho whole State and part of
TV isconsin with printing paper, and its surplus manu-
facture is sent to Chicago."
He closes his article thus:
"Thefollowing table gives the amount of capital,
as nea r as can be ascertained, in the loading branches
of business:
Lumber trade $1,050,000
Flouring  150,000
Wooden ware 20,000
Woolen mills  150,000
Paper mill  50,000
Sash, blinds, &c  15,000
Total capital  1,435,000
To which should have been added an iron
and brass foundry, and machine-shop
attached, with a capital of $75,000 in-
vested  75,000
81,510,000
"The following shows the daily products at the
present time, but in most branches the capacity is
greater
Lumber, feet 400,000
Flour, barrels  400
Pails and tubs  800
Woolen cloth, yards  700
Paper, pounds  3,000
"No remarks of ours can add to tho force of this
array of figures; and when we considerthefewyears
which have elapsed since tho region where these
manufactories now stand was inhabited, the result
is truly surprising. This is but the beginning of the
manufactories which will be attracted by this great
natural power, and tho most sanguine expectations
will undoubtedly be more than realized."
But enough has already been exhibited, it is
respectfully conceived, to attract the eye of the
national Legislature to this future Lowell and com-
mercial entrepot to the vaslfertiie regions north and
west of us.
Your memorialists respectfully suggest that the
grantof lands directly to said company is not in aid
or furtherance of any system of internal improve-
ments legitimately belonging to the State, but savors
more of tho extension of the navigation of the Mis-
sissippi, and tho regulation of commerce between tho
States, and that, theiefore, the work should be prac-
tically adopted by the Federal Government. But if
your honorable bodies should regard the measure as
coming properly under the head of State improve-
ments, it is with great deference submitted whether
a direct grant to the company, oven in such a case,
has not the sanction of authoiity and precedent m
the cases of the Leavenworth, Pawnee, and Western
"Railroad Company of Kansas, and the Central Pa-
cific Railroad Company of California—"a corporation
existing under tho laws of the State of California''—
where grants of land and money both were passed
directly to the companies by Congress.
Again, your mcmoiialists, relying on the justiceof
their appeal, and the large and hboial views always
manifested by Congress, to facilitate intercourse be-
tween the States, and to encouragc their commerce
by whatever measure tends to lessen the rates of
transportation and exchange,earnestly ask the atten-
tion of tho national Legislature to the subject-matter
of this their memorial.
THOMAS II. ARMSTRONG,
President of the Senate.
JAMES B. WAKEFIELD,
Speaker of the House of Jiepresentatives.
Approved, January 25, A. D. 186S,
WILLIAM R. MARSHALL,
Governor.
This, Mr. Speaker, is a measure demanded
by the people of my entire State. Its object is
to connect the navigable waters of the Missis-
sippi river which now, for all practical pur-
poses, extend only to the city of St. Paul, with
the great water-power at the Falls of St. An-
thony, the greatest available water-power on
the face of the globe. It is a measure in the
interest not alone of the farming and produc-
ing community of Minnesota, enabling them to
reach, by navigable waters, that great water-
power and carry to its mills their grain and
wool and from it their lumber and manufac-
tured goods by the cheap means of water com-
munication, but it is in the inteiest of the
entire valley of the Mississippi; of the entire
sixteen thousand miles of navigable wateis
embraced in the mighty Mississippi basin, the
richest and soon to be tho most densely popu-
lated portion of the United States.
That great water-power is at the present time
mainly devoted to manufactures of lumber and
flour. The amount there manufactured even
now in the infancy of the development of that
water-power, is simply enormous. I learn that
during the week ending May 22,18G8, the amount
of freight forwarded from the Milwaukee and
Minneapolis depot, in the city ot Minneapolis,
amounted to tke enormous aggregate ot three
million six hundred thousand pounds! ihese
