i8ea
CONCESSIONAli GLOBE.
necessary or suitable for this purpose. fTo
make my explanation more precise 1 will read |
the fifteenth section of the act of March '2, 1
186":
" Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That proof
spirit shall bo held and taken to be that alcoholic
liquor which contains one half its volume of alcohol
of a specific gravity of seven thousand nine hundred
and thirty-nine ten thousandths at sixty degrees
Fahrenheit; and the Secretary of tho Treasury is
hereby authorized to adopt, procure, and prescribe :
for use suoh hydrometers, weighing and gauging
instruments, meters, or other means for ascertaining j
the strength and quantity of spirits subject to tax or j
lor the prevention or detection of frauds by distillers |
of spirits, and to prescribe such rules and regulations ;
as he may deem necessary to insure a uniform and
correct system of inspection, weighing, and gauging
of spirits subject to tax throughout the United States.
And whenever the Secretary of tho Treasury shall
adopt and prescribe for use any meter or meters it
shall be the duty of every owner, agent, or superin-
tendent of ft distillery to make application to the
collector of his district for such meter or meters to
be used in his distillery, and the same shall be fur-
nished Tmd attached to tho distillery at the expense
of the distiller, whose duty it shall be to furnish all
the pipes, materials, labor, and facilities necessary
to complete such attachment in accordance with the
regulations of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, who is hereby further authorized to order and
require such changes of or additions to distilling ap-
paratus, connecting pipes, pumps, or cisterns, or any
machinery connected with or used in or on the dis-
tillery premises, or may require to be put on any of
tho stills, tubs, cisterns, pipes, or other vessels suoh
fastenings, locks, or seals as he may deem necessary.
And in all sales of spirits hereafter made, whero not
otherwise specially agreed, a gallon shall be taken
to be a gallon of first proof, according to the fore-
going standard set forth and declared for the inspec-
tion and gauging of spirits throughout the United
States."
Soon after the passage of this act the Sec-
retary of the Treasury appointed, as I have
already remarked, a commission consisting of
two eminent scientific gentlemen—Professor
Hilgarde, of the Coast Survey, and Professor
Henry, of the Smithsonian Institution—and
they proceeded to their work. This was in
April last. At that time the mechanical and
scientific ingenuity of the country had not been
specially directed to the construction of meters
for measuring the quantity and strength of spir-
its. Of course there immediately presented
themselves those who desired to supply the
Government with whatever of this kind might
be needed; but there being but few competi-
tors but very few contrivances or inventions
were examined.
The commission in April, immediately after
they commenced their labors, were most favor-
ably impressed with a meter called the Tice
meter, bearing the name of its inventor, and
on their report a contract was made with Mr.
Tice for one hundred of these meters to be
applied to distilleries in the manner prescribed
by law under the direction of the Treasury De-
partment. The contract was for the Tice meter
together with such improvements as should
subsequently be made* The Tice meter at the
time the contract was made is not the Tice meter
as it is now. It differed in many features from
the present meter as perfected by the inventor
on suggestions made to him. Though the con-
tract made with him was for one hundred of his
meters, he went onadopting such improvements
or endeavoring to remove such defects as were
suggested by these two scientific gentlemen.
He went on and produced a meter which he is
now making. In the mean time other inventors
went on and perfected their inventions or car-
ried them to a much higher degree of accuracy,
but they are ruled out substantially by the adop-
tion of the Tice meter. The committee having
had a number of these inventions laid before
them, some of them having been presented to
the board and others whicn have never been
presented to the board, are satisfied, aftercare'
ful examination and from the knowledge before
them, that ingenious and competent men have
made meters which are equal if not superior to
the meter of Mr. Tice. Under these circum-
stances, in order to throw the matter open again
to all who have produced contrivances of this
kind to measure with accuracy spirits liable to
taxation, they have thought it advisable that
another and more numerous board, consisting
of five instead of two, shall be appointed, and
they shall go to work immediately and complete,
as they can readily do, all of their investigations
in one month, and then the matter shall be con-
sidered as closed. They have consulted the
Secretary of the Treasury, andfind him disposed
to agree with them.
Mr. KOONTZ. What is to be done in ref-
erence to the distilleries which have not been
furnished with these Tice meters? *
Mr. SCHENCK. I will come to that. It is
difficult to make all of an explanation in one
sentence, and as I must do it by successive
statements the gentleman will find at the con-
clusion I have covered the ground of his
inquiry.
1 do not know where I was. I was speak-
ing, I believe, of the conference with the
Secretary of the Treasury on the part of the
sub-committee of the Committee of Ways and
Means. He agrees with us that it would be
well to throw the matter open so that all invent-
ors shall have an equal chance. " He agrees to
confer with us and select these men with refer-
ence to those whom he shall recommend as the
kind of persons we think the best suited. We
think it ought not to consist of scientific men
like Professor Henry, but of some machinist
combining a practical knowledge of machin-
ery with science, like Ericsson, some good
practical distiller, some engineer, and some
practical mechanic, and thus a commission of
five will be made up which wilt be made more
competent to give a better and more satisfac-
tory conclusion on the point than a commission
such as we have had, consisting of two emi-
nently scientific gentlemen who have been
already acting on the subject. If this resolu-
tion passes such a commission will be imme-
diately raised, and the resolution provides they
must complete their labors by the 15tli of next
month ana make their report.
Now, sir, as to what has been done in the
case of the Tice meter. One hundred of tliem
having been contracted for to be delivered as
they may be required, the rule has been estab-
lished that the distiller calling for one shall
deposit $1,500 to cover the expenses of the
attachment of the meter under the law, but
that is not the price fixed for that meter. No
price has yet been fixed on it. The inventor
has agreed with the Treasury Department,
and he has chosen one man, they have chosen
one man, and these two a third, who, after the
meter is completed and made perfect in its
present form, are to determine what shall be
its fair and proper price. I am told that it will
be considerably less than $1,500. In the
mean time the distillers will have that amount
in the Treasury awaiting this investigation.
We think that ought to be brought to an end
and say whatever is to be paid by the distiller
shall be paid, and he shall get back wliatevor
is due to him.
The gentleman from New York asks what is
to be done with reference to those who have
not already applied. If he will observe, this
joint resolution proposes to suspend every-
thing under the present law. The Secretary
of the Treasury is to do nothing further under
the act of March last until this matter is
brought to a conclusion.
Now we come to the subject of meters. The
gentleman has announced in advance his thor-
ough disbelief of making a meter available.
All I have to say is that that was in a degree
once my own opinion, and perhaps it is the
true conclusion ; but I have corrected mine by
looking into the matter, of which I knew nothing
before, and understanding it a little better now
than I did when I adopted that first impres-
sion. It is as certain that an instrument can
be made to measure the quantity and strength
of spirits as to measure with a yard-stick _ or
foot-rule one of these desks or that at which
you sit. Sir, those instruments may be tam-
pered with. They will, however, tell, if they
have a fair chance, what the product is._ I
admit that there is a point where mechanical
mechanism, ingenious as it may be, will cease
to do its work, and moral integrity in the offi-
cers appointed must begin. _ when my atten-
tion was called in the Committee on Ordnance
to the great wrought-iron guns we found that
the most difficult question involved was how to
get rid of the corrosion that occurs at the weld-
ing points. That is an argument, not against
meters or their accuracy, but against the prac-
tice of appointing dishonest men, who may in
any degree have to do that part of the work
which is left undone, and who may tamper
with the meters. For that there is but one
remedy that 1 know of, and that is an honest
appointment of honest men. But what I do
say is that just in proportion as you make a
meter or any other mechanical contrivance do
a part of the work instead of a Johnson man
you get so much nearer accuracy and fair con-
duct. [Laughter.]
We wish, therefore, to test this idea of using
meters to do that part of the work which can
be done with mechanical and scientific accu-
racy, and to do the best we can further than
that by legislation and by attempting other
remedies to get men of honesty and integrity
to cooperate with the meters in doing their
part of the work.
Mr. H UNTER. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, I would a great deal
rather gentlemen would reserve their questions
until I get through my explanation.
Mr. HUNTER. It is upon this very point.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well.
Mr. HUNTER. The question I desire to
ask the gentleman—for I know nothing about
these meters—is whether they are so attached
to the still that the manufacturer of the spirits
can in no way interfere with their measure?
Mr. SCHENCK. That is the purpose. The
purpose is to have the meter so protected in
its attachment as that it shall not be tampered
with by any one nor be within the reach of any
one to alter its action or operation, but that it
shall be, like the United States mails, under
lock and key and guards. And there comes in
the difficulty, that somebody must keep the key
of the lock, and that somebody has to be some-
body besides the distiller of the spirits; it must
be some officer of the Government, and we are
not to give up that part of the work, whicn can
be well done and accurately done, because we
find that in another part of the work there may
be tampering, connivance, or collusion on the
part of officers employed by law to see that tlie
work is done.
Now, the gentleman from New York [.Mr.
Van WtckJ argues from the fact that a meter
may be tampered with that a meter is good for
nothing, ftot so. He should conclude from
the fact that it may be tampered with that, in
addition to obtaining this accurate mode of
ascertaining what spirits should be charged
with tax, we ought to go on and provide other
and further remedies to control those who might
possibly tamper with the meters. It is not an
argument against tlie meter itself, but it is an
argument against those swarms of office-holders
of whom he speaks.
Now, what have we done? Tlie committee
have proposed one remedy for the evils exist-
ing in the bill which has just passed the House
with the amendment of the Senate, and has
gone now, or ought to go at once, I suppose,
to the President for his approval, which cuts
up by the roots the Uondcd warehouse system,
and with it abolishes all the dishonest, ware-
house men and all the hangers-on about those
warehouses. We propose now to strike at
another gap in the law and see whether we
cannot fill it and sweep away those who are
occupying that gap with mischievous purpose to
defraud the Government; and that is the gap,
not yet sufficiently covered by legislation, be-
tween what is called the tail of the worm of
the still from which the whisky drops and ware-
house A at the distillery to which the whisky
is to be removed, that it may be booked regu-
larly and accounted for for the purpose of tax-
ation. I said the other day, ana I repeat now,
that this is one of the great leaks. The whisky
when it runs from the worm of the still is put
into a cistern, a receiving-room, from that
drawn into barrels, and they are rolled into the
