1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ISO?
builders, owners, and shippers of New York,
asking Cor the passage of a law for remitting
the duties upon articles used in the construc-
tion of vessels; which wasreferred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. FRELINGH UYSEN. I present three
petitions of citizens of Newark, New Jersey,
and employes of morocco manufacturers in said
city, praying the repeal of the duty on goat-
skins and sumac, and that the internal revenue
tax of two and a half per cent, be repealed and
a higher duty be imposed on imported finished
or manufactured morocco; and in moving a
reference of these petitions to the Committee
on Balance I would observe that a very large
interest is now destroyed and the present legis-
lation is altogether in favor of foreign manu-
facturers. I move the reference of these peti-
tions to tlfe Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. YATES presented a memorial of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Da-
kota, praying for the establishment of a mail
route from Fort Totten to St. Joseph, Dakota
Territory; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Ofliees and Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Dakota,
praying for an appropriation to construct a
wagon road from Fort Abercrombie down the
Red River of the North; which was referred to
the Committee on Territories.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to present a peti-
tion which, with the permission of the Senate,
I will read:
To the honorable the Senate and Souse of Represent-
ative:; of the United States:
Your memorialists, tax-payers and producers of
the United states, beg leave, most respectfully, to
represent:
That the burdens of taxation ia this country are
becoming too onerous to be borno. That the spies
and tax gatherers who invade our homes and our
workshops, and publish all our business transactions,
often making cruel and unjust exactions from tlio
ignorant and weak, while they leave many compara-
tively untaxed, are daily growing obnoxious to the
people.
Whilo our nation was in danger wo cheerfully
submitted to any and all drafts and demands mado
upon us.
We are now at peace with all the world, and we
demand that tho expenses of the Government shall
be reduced to a strictly peace basis and our taxes
correspondingly reduced.
We ask that the Navy he reduced from one hun-
dred and three vessels now in commission to thirty
or less. We demand that the great naval pageant
now on exhibition in Europe be ordered home and
laid up. We are notwilhng to be taxed for tho sake
of sustaining a royal mimicry. We demand the re-
duction of the Army to twenty thousand men. We
demand the reduction of the sum asked for civil
service to $-0,000,000; that the Navy appropriations
bo reduced to ijl'iOOU.OUO, and tho war appropriations
to §35,000,000 or less. Urn northern forts can bo tikim
care of by the disabled soldiers; tho 1 aid-up ships by
the maimed sailors. We need no soldiers in the North.
Wo want the fifty thousand able-bodied men now
living in idle uselessness in the Navy and the Army
relieved, so that they may aid us in the development
ol' the nation's wealth. We need no naval or mili-
tary parade to convince the world of our power.
That is fully understood. Insult or injury to our
nation will bring millions of brave men to defend
the honor of our flag. We want the useless revenue
cutters at sea and on tho lakes laid up and their
wasteful expenses stopped. Wewantnolargestand-
ing Army or Navy to exhaust our substance during
peace.
We want the revenuo laws so adjusted as to keep
the balance of trade in this country, that tho prod-
ucts of our mines of gold and silver and our bonds
will remain at home, thus giving us in due time a
epecio basis for our national currency and work for
our now idle men.
Wo have fuli confidence in your ability to grant
all wo ask and at the same time protect tho credit
and honor of our country. By so doing you will
confer a lasting blessing upon this great and suffer-
ing people and entitle yourselves to ths gratitude
and suppurt of every voter in the land. And your
petitioners will ever pray.
I have been thus particular, Mr. President,
in reading this petition, because it is signed ■
by those who are friendly to the present party
in power, the party of Congress. The head
signer is R. G. Hazard, of Rhode Island, and
there are some sixty or seventy others, all in
sympathy with Congress. They speak boldly
and plainly, and I trust every word that is
written will receive the careful consideration
of the Committee on Finance, to whom I move
that the memorial be referred.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
citizens of Marquette, Michigan, praying forthe
adoption of measures for a reduction of the
taxes, and that the expenses of the Govern-
ment be reduced to a strictly peace basis; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I present a petition of
the citizens of the county of Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, publishers of regular weekly
newspapers, setting forth that by a decision of
the postmaster of that city postage is charged
upon their circulation upon the ground that
the general law applicable to circulation of
newspapers within the county where published
does not include the city of Philadelphia, and
praying that some remedy may be extended to
them against this decision. I move the refer-
ence of the petition to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I also present a re-
monstrance of citizens of Philadelphia, refer-
ring to certain measures of legislation before
Congress, especially the bill to restrain the
action of the Supreme Court of the United
States in the mode of making their decisions
upon questions arising upon the constitutional
powers of Congress, and an act proposing to
vest a supreme and uncontrolled power over
the rights and liberties of citizens of the United
States in the hands of the General of the Army,
and respectfully remonstrating against the pas-
sage of said bills. I move its reference to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
FINAL JUDGMENTS IN REVENUE CASES.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
213) to amend an act entitled "An act to
amend the judiciary act, passed the 24th of
September, 1789."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to make a
report. I believe reports are now in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports
would be in order bat for this motion.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will give way after the
bill is taken up.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to know
what the bill is. Is it likely to lead to debate
and cut off the morning business?
Mr. WILLIAMS. No, sir; I propose after
the bill is taken up to give way for the morn-
ing business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not let the morn-
ing business be first done?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have waited for a long
time for that purpose, and some gentleman has
always anticipated me, and I thought I would
bo in time this morning. [Laughter.]
Mr. ANTHONY. Why did you not make
the motion before the Journal was read?
[Laughter. ]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore._ The ques-
tion is on taking up the bill mentioned by the
Senator from Oregon for consideration.
The motion was agreed to ; there being, on a
division—ayes 19, noes 9.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, I suppose, if the
Senator from Oregon will give me his permis-
sion, I may make my report?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive reports unless objection be made.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office, to whom was
referred the memorial of Rowland Cromelien,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it bo referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the Committee on the District
of Columbia, to whom was referred the petition
of John W. Byram and others, trustees of Union
Chapel, Methodist Episcopal Church, reported
a bill (S. No. 433) authorizing the trustees
of Union Chapel of the Methodist Episcopal
Church, in the city of Washington, to mort-
gage their property for church purposes; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. FOWLER,.from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to whom was referred the memorial
of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
New Mexico, asking an appropriation for the
support of teachers and the purchase of books
for the Navajo Indians held as prisoners at the
Bosque Iledondo, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs; which
was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to whom was referred the memorial of
the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
New Mexico, against the annexation of the
mineral district of Moreno to the Territory of
Colorado,asked to be discharged from its further
consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to whom was referred a resolution in-
structing that committee to inquire into the
expediency of changing the northern boundary
of Colorado 'Territory from the forty-first to the
forty-second degree of north latitude, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred tho bill
(S. No. 373) to amend an act entitled "An act
to provide for recording the conveyances of
vessels, and for other purposes," approved
July 29, 1850, reported it without amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from tho Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 377) to change the times of holding
the district and circuit courts of the United
States in the several districts of the State of
Tennessee, reported it without amendment.
Mr. CONKLING, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 378) organizing a commission for the
examination and decision of claims in the War
Department, reported adversely thereon.
FINAL JUDGMENTS IN REVENUE CASES.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
mentioned by the Senator from Oregon is be-
fore the Senate, and will be read.
The bill (S. No. 213) to amend an act enti-
titled "An act to amenn the judiciary act,
passed the 24th of September, 1789," was read
the second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It provides that final judgments in any cir-
cuit court of the United States in any civil
action against a collector or other officer of
the revenue for any act done by him in the per-
formance of his official duty, orfoi thereeovery
of any money exacted by or paid to him,
which shall have been paid into tho Treasury
of the United States, may, at the instance of
cither party, be reexamined and reversed or
affirmed, in the Supreme Court of the United
States, upon writ of error, without regard to
tho sum or value in controversy in such action.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Perhaps I ought to say
a word in explanation of this bill. By an act
approved May 31, 1844, it is provided:
"That final judgments in any circuit eourt of tho
United States in any civil action brought by tho Uni-
ted States lor the enforcement of the revenuo laws
of tho United States, or for the collection of duties
due, or alleged to be due, on iiiorchandistwiiiiportcd
therein, may be reexamined and reversed or alfirmed
in the Supremo Court of the United States, upon
writ of error, as m other eases, without regard to
tho sum or value in controversy in such action, at
the iiutaucc ot either party."
That law provides that in cases similar to
those mentioned in this bill, where the United
States is plaintiff, a writ of error may be taken
to the Supreme Court; but suits are brought
now under tho revenue laws against collectors
after money has been collected and paid over
into the Treasury, and in some of those suits
important principles are settled, although the
amount in controversy may not be very huge.
The Secretary of the Treasury deems it neces-
sary that this bill should be passed, so that in
case any great principle should be involved in
a suit affecting the validity or construction of
the revenue laws the United States shall have
