308
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 21,
Ho, of Reps.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Paine.
40th Ccwe....2  Sbss.
But. sir, these are not all of the absurd re-
sults of such a construction. The Constitution
declares that no person holding any office of
profit or trust under the United States shall,
without the consent of Congress, accept of any
present, emolument, office, or title of any kind
whatever from any king, prince, or foreign
State,, If, therefore, the President and Senate
can constitutionally make any treaty engage-.
ments, being legitimate under th? law of na-
tions, which Congress, and Congress only, can
fulfill, then, by a treaty of alliance with Rus-
sia, nay, by this very treaty itself, they might
compel us to conseut that the emperor should
confer upon, our Secretary of State the title of
baron of Alaska or nabob of all the Walrussias.
Again, the Constitution provides that no
State shall, without the consent of Congress,
cuter into any agreement or compact with a
foreign Power. If, then, tho President and
Seuata haye tho treaty-malting power supposed,
they have the right, in a commercial treaty with
England, to stipulate that Congress shall con-
sent to the negotiation of an agreement or com-
pact between the British Government and the
State of Maine, and our consent must be given
an d the compact sacred ly observed, even tli ough
it should involve the most radical changes in
our commercial, maritime, and financial legis-
lation. In precisely the same way the Presi-
dent and Senate might be able to enforce tho
consent of Congress to the levying of imposts
and duties upon exports and imports, to the
laung of differential duties of tonnage, to the
keeping of tioops and ships of war in time of
peace, and to the waging of war, under com-
pacts or agreements with foreign Powers by
one or several States of the Union.
Nay, sir, upon the same principle of con-
struction, the President aud Senate would have
tho,constitutional right to provide, in a treaty
of alliance, not only what subsidies should be
contributed, but also what revenue bills should
be originated by the House and enacted by
Congress for the payment of such subsidies,
and could prescribe the rules and regulations
to be made by Congress respecting acquired
territory and the terms of admission of new
Statesand oblige Congress to admit such Slates,
and could actually bind Congress to propose
specified amendments to the Constitution of
the United States.
The Constitution requires the rule of natu-
ralization established by Congress to be uni-
form. But if the President and Senate can
by treaty touch the subject of naturalization
ihey are not governed by this rule of uniform-
ily. The Constitution, in like manner, re-
quires laws enacted by Congress on the sub-
ject. of bankiuptcy to be uniform throughout
the United States. But if the treaty-making
power cau embrace the subject of bankruptcy
it will be governed by no rule of uniformity.
In the ninth section of the first article it was
provided that tho importation of slaves should
not lie-prohibited by Congress prior to the year
1808. No such prohibition was laid upon the
treaty power. But it is hardly possible to con-
ceive of the wrath of tho slave power if the
President and Senate had, before 1808, by
treaty, ventured to terminate our slave trade,
as they certainly had a constitutional right to
do if our opponents are correct in their views
of the obligation of the House to make this
appropriation.
Mr. Fisher Arnes, in the memorable debate
of IT'JG, insisted that the doctrine which gives
the House of Representatives a discretion in
treaty appropriations, while ostensibly yield-
ing the tieaiy power to the President and
Senate exclusively, does virtually assert for
the House either the right to make treaties or
the right to break them. But it might, with
equal propriety, be said that the British Amer-
ican Provinces were panics to the reciprocity
treaty of 18-54, for the reason that it contem-
plated the enactment of certain laws by the
several provincial parliaments. Those stipu-
lations of a treaty made by the President and
Senate, which involve the exercise of powers
vested exclusively in Congress, while they can-
not proprio pigore pledge the faith qf the na-
tion, may, nevertheless, be rendered valid in
presenti, or of perfect obligation in futuro, by
antecedent or subsequent legislation. Stipu-
lations for the present or future performance
of acts within the exclusive jurisdiction of Con-
gress are not, and cannot be, absolute, what-
ever they purport to be, unless Congress pro-
vides the requisite antecedent or subsequent
legislation. In no other way can they become a
part of the supreme law of the land. This in-
\olves no participation by the House of Repre-
sentatives in tho treaty-making power. This
House is no more a paity to such a treaty, for
the mere reason that it cannot be consummated
without our deliberative action, than is au indi-
vidual a party to a contract for the mere
reason that the contract is conditioned upon
the performance of certain acts by himself,
any more than a railway company is a party
to a contract of an express company for the
mere reason that the contract can only be ful-
filled by using the railway.
It is said that if the House of Represent-
atives may at its discretion withhold this ap-
propriation it may, for the same reason, with-
hold an appropriation to pay the expenses
incident to the negotiation or execution of a
treaty admitted to be within the constitutional
power of the President and Senate. But this
is not true. The House, although it may have
the power, has no more constitutional right to
withhold an appropriation necessary to defray
the expenses of negotiating or executing a
treaty which comes within the treaty power,
than to withhold the salaries of the President
and judges, despite the positive provisions of
the Constitution on the subject. In the present
case tho appropriation is not asked to defray
the expense incident to an obligation which
the President had a right to make, but to pay
tho principal of a debt which he had 110 light
to contract.
It is urged that the small States have a
right to insist that the President and Senate
shall exercise the treaty-making power. But
they certainly have no right, to insist that they
shall exercise the legislative power conferred
upon Congress. And the question still re-
mains, what is included in the treaty-making
power?
We are assured that it is our duty to make
this appropriation because a treaty is the
supreme law of the land*. Bat the question
again recurs, is this now a treaty in the consti-
tutional sense? If not it is no supreme law,
merely because its friends see fit to style it a
treaty. But if it is a valid treaty, and there-
fore the supreme law of the land, it is to be
remembered that the very same clause of the
Constitution which makes a treaty the supreme
law of the laud makes something else also the
supreme law of the land. This is the language
of the clause:
"This Constitution and the laws of the Unite'd
States which sbali bo mauo in pursuance thci cof, and
all ti eat ies made, or vv h i<:h shall be made, under the
authority of tho United States, shall be tho supreme
law of the land ; and the judsjes in every State shall
he bound thereby, anything in tho Constitution or
laws ol' any State to the contrary notwithstanding."
The Constitution, then, is the supreme law.
So are the statutes. If treaties are the su-
preme law they are not the only supreme law.
Arc they supreme over both the Constitution
and statutes? I should be glad to know why.
Are they supreme over the statutes? I should
be glad to know why. Certainly if there is
anything in tho order of statement in this sec-
tion to indicate the relative rank of Constitu-
tion, statute, and treaties the last are lowest.
But, granting that tho Constitution is supreme
over both the others, wo certainly must insist
that if statutes are not supreme over treaties
so, also, are treaties not supreme over stat-
utes. lu xay judgment they stand, within their
respective spheres, on a footing of equal dig-
nity and authority; and if the Constitution is
scrupulously obeyed neither can, by any pos-
sibility, be placed in supremacy over the other.
On the 4tli day of July, 1789, President Wash-
ington approved the second act of the First
Congress. This act contained a provision that
certain teas imported from China in American
bottoms should pay specified duties. Now, if
President Washington had attempted by treaty
to annul or repeal that act he would have
failed. Over it his treaty would not have been
supreme. By such a treaty the faith of the
nation would not have been, in any way,
pledged to the Chinese empire. But if that
act had provided that these duties should be
reduced one half, whenever the Chinese Gov-
ernment should, by treaty, secure to us in return
certain advantages for American productions,
then such a treaty, duly made, would have been
stronger-than subsequent legislation, because
it would have been a valid contract pledging
the faith of the nation.
Assuming that treaties and statutes are of
equal dignity, some jurists and statesmen have
supposed them to occupy common ground, so
that either could repeal the other. Of course
a\trcaty might, by its terms, be made virtually
repealable by statute and vice versa ; but
neither can of its own force repeal the other.
Whether equal in dignity or not, they do not
sland on common ground. Hence neither
can be supreme over the other. Both are
subordinate to the Constitution, but both are
supremo over State constitutions, and State
laws; and are supreme laws, underthe Constitu-
tion, for all the people of the States.
The doctrine laid down in Jefferson's Man-
ual is in these words :
"By the Constitution of the United States this
department of legislation iseonfided to two branches
only of tho ordinary legi&iaturo; the President origiis-
atins and the Senate having a negative. To what
subjects this power extends has not been defined in
detail by the Constitution: nor are we entirely agreed
among ourselves. 1. It is admitted that it mustcon-
eern the foreign nation party to tho contract, or it
would be a more nullity, res inter alios acta. 2. By
the general power to make treaties, the Constitution
niubt have intended to comprehend only those sub-
jects which are usually regulated by treaty, and can-
not be otherwise regulated. 3. it must have meant
to except out of these the rights reserved to the
States; for surely the President and Senate cannot do
by treaty what the whole Government is interdicted
from doing in ;tny way. 4. And also to except those
subjects of legislation in which it gave a participa-
tion to the House of Representatives. This last ex-
ception is denied by sonic on theground that it would
leave very little for tho treaty power to work on.
Tho less tho better say other*. The Constitution
thought it wise to restrain the Executive and Senate
from en tang] ing and embroiling our a flairs with those
of Europe. Besides, as the negotiations are carried
on by tho Executive alono, the subjecting to the rat-
ification of the Representatives, such articles as are
within their participation is no more inconvenient
than to the Senate, lint the ground of this exception
is denied as unfounded. For examine, e. a-, the
tieaty of commerce with France, and it will bo found
that out of thirty-one artielesthere arc liotmore than
small portions of two or three of them which would
not still remain as subjects of treaties untouched by
theso exceptions."
The emperor of Russia is, by the law of
nations, bound to take notice where the power to
appropriate money resides and how far the
treaty power extends under our Constitution.
This rests upon a principle of international law
too well established to admit of argument.
'The claim that the President aud Senate may
make treaties which involve the exercise of
p®wers conferred by the Constitution upon Con-
gress is supported by no judicial authority.
'The eases in 2. 0, and 7 Peters and 1 Barbour
do not touch this question. In o McLean. <544,
it is expressly denied that Congress is bound
without discretion to appropriate money called
for by treaty. The language of the court is
I this:
! ' And hi such n case the "Representatives nf the
! pie tvnd the vSmtes exercise tlicir own jadjrmd't iti
i prrantinff or wiihholfluu the money. They a'-t upon
their own responsibility and not upon the re .'possi-
bility of the treaty-makiufc power. It cannot bind
or control the legislative action in this res >cct  and
every foreign Government muy be presumed to know
