424
T@E qONaKESSIO^AL GLOB®.
January %
warehouse, and there an account is taken of
them for taxation; but under some myste-
rious providence, aided by these appointees of
the President and Secretary of the Treasuiy,
those who have the power of selecting our
agents, it so happens that by connivance and
collusion and the aid of these rascals given to
rascally distillers only about one half or even
less of that which runs from the worm of the
still ever reaches warehouse A. It is conveyed
away in the night; it is got at by the keys
being accidentally left by the inspector at some
place where the distiller can get them without
his knowledge. It is conveyed away by the
distiller, who gets the-inspector to wait until
late in the morning before going to the distil-
lery by assuring him that he will not that
morning commence work early.
Sir, it is useless, when men are disposed to
be hired to be rascals, to undertake to describe
the various ways in which their rascality is
accomplished. One means—and I admit it is
only one means—of meeting them is to get
some mechanical contrivance which shall mea-
sure exactly how much whisky runs from the
worm of the still. Now, it is true they may
tap the worm of the still above its tail; it is
true these distillers, thus aided and winked at,
will do so unless we further watch and further
care against them. But we are not to give all
our watching to one point—to strengthening
one position of the line of attack upon these
dishonest fellows—because there are other
weak points to be looked after.
There is another thing in this joint resolu-
tion. The present Tice meter only measures
the product of the still in spirits at proof,
reporting the result of the measurement upon
a dial-plate. It may be that it will be well
enough to have some system of measurement
of the mash, as it is called—the grain pre-
pared for distillation and fermented—from
which the vapor arises, as gentlemen well
know, which by condensation is converted into
whisky, and thus make one of these measure-
ments a check upon the other. We have
proposed, therefore, instead of confining this
examination to one class of meters or means
of measurement—which this late commission
did altogether, because under the law they
did not think they had any right to examine
further—we propose they shall look at both
classes of measurement, to the measurement
of the fermented mash, aud at the same time
to the measurement of the product also, and
either adopt a system which shall embrace
both, making one an informer upon the other,
or adopt the best, and but one. This power
did not exist in the late commission. We
open the door for further and more complete
investigation. There are investigations which
it is proposed shall follow this one.
I will now go back to this matter of dishonest
officials. I know that all through this matter
of the collection of the revenue of the country
much if not nearly all depends upon having
honest men to apply and execute the law ; aud
one of our objects is to reduce the number of
officials to be employed for the purpose. This
much is certain: if all the sheep in a flock are
black, the smaller you make the flock the fewer
black sheep you will have. If some of them
are white, by decreasing tjie number the chances
at least are that your proportion of black sheep
will be less.
We want to diminish in every way we can
the number of officers necessary to be employed;
and then we will endeavor to report means
which, according to the best of our judgment,
may tend to give us better officers than we have
had. We want to set mechanical contrivance
and official integrity both together, if we can,
to help to carry out the work in which we are
engaged.
The gentleman has no more apprehension
that the law has fallen into the hands of dis-
honest men, has no more knowledge of that
fact than I have, both of apprehension and of
knowledge. Look at your bonded warehouse
system which we have just abolished. I under-
take to say that in the city of New York per-
haps nine out of ten of the bonds given for the
removal of spirits from warehouses for the pur-
pose of transportation, &c., have been signed
by men who were not worth a dollar, signed
by mere straw-bondsmen. I think we have
evidence of one instance where one man signed
eleven different bonds with eleven different
names. There men in the cities of New
York and Brooklyn who are specially hired to
sign bonds, who have deposits of bogus deeds
of property, filled up with names, which they
have deposited in the register's office, to show
that the men whose names are signed to these
bonds are men of property.
There are instances in proof before us where
men have signed as bondsmen in the name of
some respectable well-known individual, who
never was near the place and never heard of
the bond, but it being found upon inquiry that
he was a good man the bond was accepted,
though it was afterward discovered that he
knew nothing about the giving of the bond to
which his name was subscribed. Every device
of this kind has been resorted to. And so with
regard to these other tricks. The gentleman
could probably learn something in addition to
that which he kwows (and I dare say he, like
every other intelligent gentleman, has found
out a great deal ou this subject) if he would
look at matter which has been spread before
our committee, and which we are still engaged
in collecting.
But such considerations, I beg to say, are no
argument against adopting the meter or against
ascertaining whether a meter ought not to be
adopted. If you abandon this as one of the
means of presenting cheeks against fraud you
do not make the fraud any less nor improve
the case in any way; but by adopting this sys-
them you may, at any rate, narrow the ground
upon which you have to fight these men. If
we can push our knowledge of the quantity of
whisky produced up to the very tail of the
worm of the still we at least gain some ground
from the enemy, and we shall then have to
fight him only between the tail of the worm
and the place up toward the top of the worm
where the vapor begins to condense.
These are the reasons (and I have gone into
them with very much more of detail than I
supposed would be necessary) which, after
careful examination extending now through
several weeks, have induced the committee to
propose to throw open this matter for one
month longer, with a fuller commission, in
order to ascertain the best possible meter, and
to see whether something of this kind cannot
be authorized by law, which will be more suc-
cessful than anything thus far tried, and will
pr®ve a more efficient aid in the enforcement
of the revenue laws and the collection of tax-
ation. Just in proportion as you help us do
this and secure the more efficient collection of
the tax upon whisky (which ought to pay all
that it is capable of being made to pay, what-
ever that may be) in the same proportion you
relieve the tradesmen and manufacturers of
the country apd all others from the taxes now
imposed upon them, the amount of which is
swelled by the fact that we are not yet able to
enforce fully the law providing for the taxation
of whisky.
Mr. HIGBY. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. HIGBY. I wish to ask whether the
bills which have been presented from Che Com-
mittee of Ways and Means—the one passed
the other day and this one presented to-day—
are intended to bolster and patch up the pres-
ent system of collecting the revenues, or
whether they are intended simply as tempo-
rary expedients, to be continued only until
some better system can be devised? I have no
faith in the present system.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am glad the gentleman
has asked that question. The committee are
laboring to perfect a general measure em-
bracing a revision of the whole revenue sys-
tem; but in the mean time, in the course of
their investigations they have hit upon these
two matters which seem to require immediate
attention. If a meter system is to be ulti-
mately adopted as a part of the means by
which the revenue is to be ascertained and col-
lected, the sooner we obtain knowledge of that
fact the better; and we propose that this mat-
ter shall all be settled within a month.
Mr. HIGBY. I take courage if this is
simply a temporary measure and some other
system is to be devised.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Logan.]
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
detain the House for only a short time. Inas-
much as I was a member of the sub-commit-
tee that recommended this resolution I wish
to state to the House the reasons for my action
on the subject. It is possible that my views
may differ from those of other gentlemen of
the House, perhaps other members of the com-
mittee, in reference to the mode of collecting
tax by the assistance of such a meter as is
here contemplated, if such a proposition should
be adopted.
I premise by saying here in reference to the
law we have now upon our statute-book, that
it authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue Treasury regulations. With that law you
may possibly collect a portion of the revenue;
but in my judgment the great mistake has been
in many instances when we passed a law by
solemn act of this House and the Senate it was
provided that the Secretary of the Treasury
may do cerf.iii that he may issue regu-
lations for the collection of the revenue in ref-
erence to a certain specific article. Now we
might as well pass no law at all, for I declare
to this House now that some of the obstruc-
tions to the collection of the revenue are those
very regulations which have been issued by the
Secretary of the Treasury.
These regulations have either been issued by
an ignorant man or else they have been issued
by a man who was willing to cover up fraud.
For if any man examines these Treasury regu-
lations and understands the manner of collect-
ing revenue on whisky in the United States
he will come to the conclusion that these regu-
lations are made especially for the purpose of
protecting villainy and fraud in the collection
of the revenue. I do not say that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury made them for that pur-
pose, but they were suggested by a man who
had that purpose in view, or else were made
by an ignorant man who sits at the head of the
Treasury Department, who has not sufficient
knowledge of the collection of the revenue.
There can be no doubt of this, as I can easily
show.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the reason for this reso-
lution is this : the law provides a commission
may be appointed by the Secretary of the
Treasury for the purpose of examining into
meters, machines, or contrivances for the
measuring—of what? The measuring of'the
quantity and strength of spirits. The com-
mission said that they were not authorized to
examine into anything exccpt machines for
measuring high wines and low wines at the
tail of the worm. I give it as my opinion that
meters that are or can be made for measuring
the proof or quantity of spirits at the tail o?
the worm will be a failure unless you have
also a meter which will measure the moral in-
tegrity of every one in the Department. Why
do I assert this? I assert it for this reason:
your collectors and assessors and inspectors
of revenue are required to do what? They
are required to measure the quality and the
proof of the liquor, and that they are required
to do by virtue of this law. They are expectcd
to measure the quantity and the proof of the
spirits. Your meter does no more than your
law requires them to do. Hence if you adopt
a meter to do the same service you must have
an honest man, or else your meter is of no
account.
Then let us see how the Government can be
defrauded, and I can explain it. I think I can
do it although I am not a distiller, for I have
examined the subject sufficiently to know about
