1808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
March 11;,
a right to bring a writ of error to reverse the
judgment, provided it be unfavorable to the
United States. This bill has been prepared by
the Treasury Department and sent to the Fi-
nance Committee, with a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury urging its passage. I sup-
pose there can be no objection to it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
jSfo. 328) to establish certain post roads. _ It
can be disposed of in fifteen minutes, and it is
important that it should be passed at this time.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest that the substi-
tute only be read. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads have reported a substi-
tute for the bill as it came from the House of
Representatives.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The sub-
stitute only will be read, unless the reading of
the original bill is called for by some Senator.
The Secretary read the amendment of the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Itoads,
which was to strike out all the bill after the
enacting clause and to insert the following in
lieu thereof:
California:
From Trinity Centre, in Trinity county, via Sum-
merville, Petersburg, Ccciiville, Centreville, and
Black Bear, to Sawyer's Bar, in Klamath county.
Dakota:
From Fort Totten or Devil's Lake to St. Joseph,
on the Pembina river.
Indiana:
From Crawfordsville, via Sunny Side, Steam Cor-
ners, and Van Doran's mill, to Pcrrysvillo.
From Parkersburg to Cairo.
Iowa:
From Nashua, via Bradford, Chickasaw, North
Washington, and Busti, to Crcsco.
From Worthington, via Sheffield, to Cascade.
From Mitchell, Iowa, via Staceyville, Iowa, to
Adams, Minnesota.
From Melroso to Centreville.
From Newton, via Monroe, Red Eock, and Knox-
ville, to Albia.
From Vinton, via Urbana and Spencer's Grove, to
Quasquoton.
From Sac City to Carroll City.
From Sand Spring, via Golden Prairie, to Man-
chester.
Idaho:
From Esmeralda to Yuba.
Kansas:
From Oswego, via Cherokee City, Contralia, Pleas-
ant View, to Carthage.
From Pleasant Grove to Twin Falls.
From Twin Springs, Kansas, via Brooklyn, Trad-
ing Post. to Butler, Missouri.
From Burlingamc, via Onion Creek, Marias dos
Cygnes, to Neosho Rapids.
Frc
From Cottonwood Falls, via Cedar, Bamcs, and
Towanda, to Gates.
From Marion Centre, via Moore's Ranch and
Sharp's Creek, to Ellsworth.
From Towanda to mouth of Little Arkansas river.
From Cottonwood Falls, via Middle Croek, Lin-
colnvillc, and Clear Creek, to Salina.
FrourUnion to Spring Creek.
From Monmouth, via Lewistown, to Oswego.
From Baxter Springs, via Centralia, to Lewistown.
From luka to jackson. ^
From Junction City, via Qnimby, Cain's Creek,
Five Creeks, Mulberry and Elm Creek, to Lake
Sibley.
Kentucky:
From Louisa, via Wayne andLogan counties,West
Virginia? to mouth of Pond Creek, Pike county,
Kentucky.
Maine:
From Kennebunk, via Kcnnebunkport, to Capo
Porpoise.
From Biddeford to Saco Pool.
From Brunswick, Maine, to Orr's Island.
Maryland:
From Havre de Grace to Lapidum.
Michigan:
From Big Rapids, by Chippewa Lake, to Millbrook.
From Ncwaggo to Big Prairie.
From Battle Creek to Athens.
Minnesota:
From Richmond, via Lake Ellen and Maple Lake,
to llolmes City.
From Lansing, viaNewry, to Geneva.
From Minneapolis to Big Stone Lake.
From Waverly, via Lake Mary, Winstead, and
Bergen, to Glencoe.
From Glencoe, via Penn, Collins, and Preston
Lake to Greenleaf.
From Madclia, via- Liadoa. and Cottonwood, to
Jfow Uin**
From New London to Burbank.
From Madelia to Antrim.
From Redwood Falls to Lynd, McPhail county.
FromPlcasantGrove, viaJLIamilton, Spring Valley,
to Le Roy.
From Sauk Centre to Holmes's pity.
From New Auburn, via Transit, Eagle City, and
Lafayette, to New Ulm.
From Rushford to Winnesheik, in Iowa. .
From Rochester, via Pleasant Grove and Spring
Valley, to Le Roy. . _
From Hutchinson, via Lynn, Collins, Lake Pres-
ton, and Beaver Falls, to Redwood Falls.
From Hastings, via Cottage Grove, Gilbert's Mill,
to Afton.
From Cottage Grove, via Woodbury, thence by the
northern road, viaMcCattis Corners, to Saint Paul.
Mississippi:
From luka to Baldwin.
Missouri:
From Johnstown, via Hudson, Johnson City, Chalk
Level, to Osceola.
From Butler, via Belvoir, to Nevada City.
From Tusoumbia. via Little Gravois post office, to
Bhss post otlice, Miller country.
From Holden, via Dayton, to Butler.
From Patterson to Doniphan.
From California, via High Point and Pleasant
Mount, to Tuscumbia.
From Bethany, via Burr Oak and Now Castle, to
Gentryville.
Montana:
From Virginia City, via Red Mountain City, Butte
City, Silver Bow, Doer Lodge, and Philipsburg, to
Bear Town.
From Beaverhead Canyon, down Beaverhead river
to its junction with Big Hole or Wisdom river, thence
up said river to Divide creek, thence up said creek
and through Deer Lodge Pass to Silver Bow, and
thence down Doer Lodge river to Deor Lodge City.
From Fleecer's Staton to Red Mountain City.
FVom Silver Bow, by the mouth of German and
Frcnch gulches, to the mouth of Warm Spring crock,
thencc up said creck to Cable City, thence down Flint
creek to Philipsburg, thence down said Flint creek
to Enimcttsburg, and thence to Bear Town.
From Blackfoot City to Washington gulch, thence
to Jefferson gulch, thence to McClellan gulch, and
thence to Lincoln guleh.
From Helena, via Washington, Jefferson, and Lin-
coln gulches, to Reynolds City.
From Helena, via French bar, Pave gulch, and New
York, to Ruby City.
From Pave gulch, via Eldorado bar, to Helena.
From Virginia City, via Sterling, Willow Creek,
Springville, to Helena.
From Gold Creck, via Emettsburg, Philipsburgh,
and Cable Cify, to Helena.
From Helena, via Radersburg, Gallatin City,
Morse's Store, to Bozeman City.
From Bannock City, in the Territory of Montana,
via Fort Lemhi, Idaho City, Salmon City, to Boise
City, in the Territory of Idaho.
From Helena, via Silver City, Trinity gulch, Grav-
elly Range, Piegan gulch, to Atlantic City,
From Helena to Unionville.
From Helena, via Washington, Jefferson, and Lin-
coln, to Reynolds City.
Nebraska:
From Tecumseh, via Helena, to Lincoln City.
From Lincoln, via the Oak Groves and Seward, to
the mouth of Douglas creek, in Butler county.
From Elkhorn Station, via Forest City, Salt Creek
ferry and Ashland, to Lancaster.
From Lincoln, viaMilford, to Beaver Creek.
From America, Kansas, via Pawnee City, Table
Rock, Tecumseh, Latrobe, Saltilio, Saline City, and
Lancaster, Nebraska, to Columbus, Nebraska.
From Padonia, Kansas, via Falls City and Ellmore,
to Nemaha City, Nebraska.
From Little Sioux, Iowa, via Arizona and Tekama,
Nebraska, to West Point, Nebraska.
From Beatrice, in Gage county, via Swan City and
Camden, to Milford, in Seward county.
From Lincoln, via Milford, to Beaver Creek.
From West Point to Dakota City.
From Nebraska City, via Bartlctt's Mill, Snydcrs,
MoCluie's settlement, and Morton's Ford, to Tabic
Rock.
From Weeping Water, via Stone Creek and Shir-
ley's station, to Lincoln City, Nebraska.
Nevada:
From the mail station on the overland mail route
in Ruby Valley, to Camp Halleck.
New Jersey:
From Penn's Grove to Woodstown.
New Mexico:
From Santa Fe, via Pcjuaque, to Abiquiu.
From Abiquiu, by El Rito, Ojo Caliente, Sevoyctta,
Los Conejos, to Fort Garland.
From Santa Fe, via Real de Dolores, Tucrto, and
San Antonia, to Albuquerque.
From Cimmaron, via Virginia City, to Taos.
From Santa Fc, via Las Trampas, Penasco, and
R,io del Pueblo, to Taos.
From Las Vegas, via Atouehico, Canones, and
Puerto de Luna, to Fort Sumner.
New York:
From Fabius to Pitcher.
From Rochester, via West Brighton, Henrietta, and
Rush, to Itoneoyc Falls.
From Mina to Wattsburg, in Pennsylvania.
From Dundee, via Crystal Springs and Wayne, to
Hammondsport.
North Carolina:
From Newport, via Sanders's Store and Pefctiford,
t£> Peletier's Mills.
From Newport to Pettiford'g Croek"?
Ohio:
From Zaleski to New Plymouth. -
From West Union, via Cedar Run and Mineral
Springs, to Locust Grove.
From Dunbarton to Mineral Springs.
From West Union, via Wneatltidgeand NewPort,
to Tranquillity.
From Copley to New Portage, via Bates's Corners
and Clark's Mills, in Summit county, and from Den-
nison to Bates's Corners, in samo county.
Oregon:
From Brownsville, via Peoria, Corvalles, Sum-
mers, m King's Valley; Haptonstalls, at the foot of
Yaquima hills, Elk City, at the terminus of the
Yaquima bay. Military Wagon Road, and Oystor-
ville, to New Port, on the bay of Yaquima*
From Portland, via BiidgeportandChehalemGap,
to Dayton.
From Albany, via Boston Mills, to Brownsville.
From Oorvallis, via Reader's Mill, King's Valley,
and Pioneer, to Yaquima.
From Dalies, Oregon, via Rockland, Washington
Territory, Block House, and Simcoo, to Yaquima.
From Corvalhs, via Summers, in Kfng's valley,
Ilaptonetalla, at the toot of the Yaquima hill, Pio-
neer City, Elk City, and Oysterville, to Newport,
From Express Ranch, via Rye valley, to Humboldt
basin.
From Umatilla, via the county seat of Yaquima
and the Snoqualmie pass, to Seattle, in Washington
Territory.
Pennsylvania:
From Armagh to Heshbon.
From Richland, via Milbach and Kleinfelters-
ville, to Scheafferstown.
From Oonestoga to Lancaster City.
Vermont:
From East Barnard to South Royalton.
West Virginia:
From Bulltown, via mouth of Oil Creek, to Glen-
Yillc.
Wisconsin:
From Menomoneo, via Washburn Farm and Pine
Creck, to John Quarter's Camp, in section twenty-
eight, township thirty-four, range twelve, west.
From Neilsville, via Hunsicker's, to John Graves's.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after line seventy :
Florida:
From Smyrna, Halifax river, via Matanzas river,
to St. Augustine.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I offer another amendment,
to come in after line one hundred and ten :
Kansas:
From Humboldt, via Belmont, Pleasant Grove,
Eureka, El Dorado, White Water Junction, to the
mouth of Little Walnut.
From Amenia City to Centralia.
From Cedar Point, via Bill's Creek, Joseph Adams's,
and Towanda, to White Water Junction.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have another amendment,
to come in after line one hundred and eighteen,
under the head of (< Maine
From Moose river to Canada line.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I offer an amendment now,
to come in after line one hundred and fifty-two,
under the head of " Minnesota:"
From La Sueur, via Cleveland and Jefferson lake,
to Elysian.
From Lake Graham to Lake Shetek.
From New London to Burbank.
From Sauk Centre, via east end of Grove lake, to
Lake Johanna.
From New London, via Green lake, to Christiana.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I offer another amendment,
to como in after line two hundred and twenty-
eight, under the head of " Nevada: "
From Dayton, via Hot Springs and Pine Grove, to
Aurora.
Mr. STEWART. I received a petition this
morning in regard to that matter, and I hope
the Senator will withdraw the amendment for
a moment that I may look at it.
Mr. RAMSEY, very well; I withdraw the
amendment for the present. I now offer the
following amendment, to come in after line
two hundred and twenty-five, under the liead
of " Nebraska
From Beatrice, via Clatonah and Randall, to Cam-
den.
From Ashland, via Waho Blanche and Raccoon
I one of Oak creek, to Ulysses, in Butler county.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY> I offer this amendment, to
