3856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J uly
motion that they be paid the whole amount. I
desire to make a further statement, however,
on the subject.
Mr. SHANKS. I move lo amend by increas-
ing the amount payable by the Chickasaws to
$2J1 .000. 'l'hat is the amount of the princi-
pal. T leave the interest, off in both cases.
The SPEAKER. That amendment will be
regarded as pending.
Mr. PE 1'ERS. I desire to say a word.
Mr. WINDOM. I yield three minutes to
the gentleman.
Air. PETERS. I have taken an interest in
this matter because I have long known the
agent of the loyal Choctaws and Chickasavvs.
1 refer to General Blunt, of Maine, a man who
helped to fight our battles in Arkansas and in
the southwest. All these loyal Indians were
in his army: they were, as it were, children
of his. They fled from persecution ; they were
driven from their homes, their houses were
burned over their heads, and their property
confiscated. When the new treaty was to be
made he came here and befriended them. He
knows them personally, their wants, and their
condition. They have unlimited confidence in
his integrity, as have I and every other man
who knows him. He was anxious that there
should ho aclause in that treaty by which these
men should be protected. He has a power of
attorney from these men to look to their inter-
est. He has been here two years acting in
their behalf. He has been unable to have his
action confirmed by the Department. They
have made motions for a new trial and for
reopeniugs, have brought witnesses and taken
testimony, and there seems to be no end
to the delay. Now, he understanding it all,
and having the interest of these loyal Choc-
taws and Chickasaws intrusted to him, and
having full power to act on their behalf, has
made this compromise. Ay, sir, lie has made
it upon the belief that there must, be a reduc-
tion in a part of the claim. Upon looking
over all the legal evidence he has come to the
conclusion that there would be a reduction,
and that it was to the interest of these people
to take what they can get and asquick as they
can get it, and have an end to the matter.
They have been waiting here two years, and
may uait twenty before they can get it all. I
appreciate the motive of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Ah-. Shanks.] He not only favors
tile bill, but he wants to go further in the same
direction. But, sir, his efforts will not sub-
serve their interest, and I feel sure it will be
an injury.
[ Here the hammer fell.]
Air. VV1N DO M. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Kansas.
Air. CLARKE, of Kansas. I canhot in the
time allowed tne by the chairman of the com-
mittee discuss this question as I would like to.
Many circumstances connected with the exodus
of the loyal Indians from the Indian territory
into Kansas are known to me personally. Sir,
one of the most affecting sights my eyes ever
beheld was that of one thousand one hundred
women and children of those loyal Indians
who (led into Kansas during the progress of
the rebellion in a state of destitution and suf-
fering such as i trust I shall never witness
again. If I had time I could read from docu-
ments, contained in the reportofthe Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs of 1862, facts related
by responsible parlies, which would not only
excite sympathy, but which would compel, it
seems to me, every member of this House to
do this simple act of justice to the loyal Choc-
taws and Chickasaws included in the provis-
ions of this bill. 1 have here letters from the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs at that time;
also, a letter from Surgeon A. B. Campbell,
addressed to the Surgeon General of the Uni-
ted States, an extract from which I will read.
Speaking of the condition of these loyal In-
dians he says:
" Ih'-y are extremely destitute of cooking utensils,
anil axe  or hatchets; many can with difficulty get
wood to make fires, either to warm themselves or to
cook with, which, together wkk the want of cooking I
utensils, compels many of them to eat their provisions
raw. They greatly need medical assistance; many
have their toes frozen oil, others have feet wounded
by sharp ice or blanches of trees lying on the snow;
but few have shoes or moecasins. They suffer with
inflammatory diseases ot tho chest, throat, and eyes.
Ttiosewho eorne in last, get sick as soon as they eat.
Means should be taken at once to have the horses
which lie dead in every direction, through the camp
and on the side of the river, removed and burned,
lest tho first few warm days breed a pestilence
among them. "Why tho officers of the Indian d< -
partnient are not doing something for them I cannot
understand ; common humanity demands that moro
should bo done, and done at once, to save them from
total destruction."
There is also a letter here written by Hon.
George W. Collamoie, formerly of Boston, and
who, I doubt not, was well known to some of
the honorable members from Massachusetts.
At the time of the celebrated Lawrence mas-
sacre he was mayor of that city, and was mur-
dered by Quantreli's band. I ask attention to
the following extract from his letter, giving a
minute description of the condition of these
Indians from his own personal observation :
"In company with Br. Coffin I visited noarly fifty
patients in one afternoon. Not a few he pronounced
incurable, their diseases being consumption and
pneumonia, brought oil from exposure and priva-
tions of the common necessaries of life. Dr. George
A Culter, agent of fhe Cieeks, informed me that in
two months two hundred aud lorty relugees of that
nation had died. Those of other tribes suffered in
likedegiee. Dr. CofHu informed me that upwards
of one hundred amputations of frosted limbs hau
taken place. Among them I saw a little Creek boy,
about eight yeais old, witn both feet taken off near
the ankles; others lying upon the ground whose
frosted limbs rendered them unable to movo about.
Five persons in a similai situation the physician pro-
nounced past recovery. Sickness among them on
account of their exposure and lack of proper food
was on the increase. The following day I visited
almost every lodge of several of the largest tribes,
and found tne same destitution and suffering among
them. A cold drenching rain fell on the last day of
the visit, and lor eight houis I went hora lodge to
lodge and tribe to tribe, and the suffering ot the
well, to say nothing ot the sick, is beyond descrip-
tion. Their numbers, as ascertain'd. are aslollows:
Creeks, 5.000; Seminoles, 1,006; Chickasaws, 140;
Quapaws, 315; Uehees.5J4; Iveeshies, 83; Delawares,
197; Ironeyes, 17; Caddoes, 3; Witeiiitas, 5; Uhero-
kees, ^t0—making an aggiegate of 7,000 persons."
I have no hesitation in saying that if the true
history of the retreat of these Indians into
Kansas in the midst of winter could be written
it would present one of the most graphic pic-
tures of the great rebellion that could be shown
during the whole of that strife.
In addition I will say this only: this case is
a very simple one. These loyal Indians were
driven out of the Indian territory, and then-
property taken and destroyed or confiscated.
And what this bill asks is that they shall be
remunerated for this property so taken and
destroyed or confiscated by the governments
of the Choctaw and Chickasaw nations. The
representatives of the Choctaw and Chickasaw
nations, under the instructions of their Legis-
lature, have been here in Washington for more
than two years resisting the claims of these
loyal Indians. But at last this compromise
has been effected.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WINDOM. I now call the previous
question on the bill and pending amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WINDOM. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and forty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, <fcc., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees: !
By Air. BECK; The petition of Coleman |
Short, of Harrodsburg, Mcrccr <• ninty, Ken-
tucky, for a pension as a soldier in the war of
1812.
By Mr. ELA: The- petition of Lemuel
Worster, of Lebanon, Maine, for a pension,
from 1858, when an act of Congress passed
both Houses for his relief, but failed to reach
the President.
By Mr. PAINE: A memorial of millers wf
Milwaukee, against taxation of brcadstuffi.
By Mr. SCHENCK ; A remonstrance of the
manufacturers of flour of .Montgomery county,
Ohio, against tax of two dollars on manufac-
ture of flour in addition to a tax of ten per
cent, on sales.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 9, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, and by unani-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the
Interior, communicating, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of the 8th instant,
information in relation to the public buildings
at Santa Ke, New Mexico ; which was ordered
to lie on the table, aud be printed.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
papers in relation to the claim of Miss Sue
Murphy, for compensation for damages done
her farm by reason of the same being occu-
pied for military purposes ; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HARLAN presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Iowa, in favor of the passage
of an act declaring the Iowa river not naviga-
ble from the city of Wapello, in Louisa county,
north ; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. MORTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Indiana, praying for an appropriation
for the improvement of the St. Mary's river
and the St. Mary's ship-canal; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. NYE presented a report of the directors
of the Washington and Georgetown Railroad
Company for the year 1807 ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
reports ot committees.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. Ii. No. 031) amendatory of an act
approved July 20, 1866, entitled ''An act lo
authorize the construction of certain bridges,
and to establish them as post roads," reported
it without amendment.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
231) for the relief of Dr. John Templeton,
reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 257) for the relief
of Clement T. Rice and Chauncey N. Note-
ware, late registers and receivers at Carson
City, Nevada, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Valentine IT. Voorhees, submitted an adverse
report thereon ; which was ordered tobe printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No.
72) for the relief of John M. Broome and
others, the band of the twelfth Kentucky infan-
try, reported it without amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 1099) for the relief of Wait
Talcott, reported it without amendment.
^Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 5Go) to authorize the Secretary
of State to adjust the claim of Gustavus G.
Cushmau for otlice rent, while commissioner
under the reciprocity treaty, reported it with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 127o) relating
to the Alexandria canal, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. DRAKE, from the Committee ofi Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. ft.
