2834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June A
obstructions to navigation. All serious obstruction to
steamboat navigation terminates at a point near the
head of Meeker's Island, to which point boats can
come when there is a fair stage of water, so that they
can come to Fort Snelling.
From the Palls of St. Anthony to the foot of the
rapids the distance is two miles and seventy-five
hundredths, and the fall or difference in the eleva-
tion of the water in the Minneapolis dam, and the
surface of the water at the foot of the rapids at the
time I took my observations was eighty-eight feet. A
dam with a lock constructed to lift thirteen feet will
make sla^k water and good navigation to a point
near and easily accessible to the mills and business
part of the town. The bed of the river from the falls
to the foot of the rapids is white sand rock, covered
with broken limestone several feet in depth. At the
point where it is proposed to locate the lock and
dam I estimate the Mbris to be from three to six
feet deep, and so firmly packcd as to be nearly as
solid as the original rock. With such material for a
foundation there would not be any serious difficulty
attending the construction of a dam.
The following estimates aie for a lock three hun-
dred and seventy feet long and sixty-five feet wide
in clear, constructed to lift thirteen feet, with guard
gate and two sets of lock-chamber gates. As there
is an abundant supply of water for filling the locks at
this place, there would not be any necessity for con-
structing intermediate gates to accommodate small
boats. The walls of the lock are so located that the
water could bo introduced through culverts that
would fill the lock in ashort time. The dam from the
lock to the island to be three hundred and fifty, across
the island two hundred, and from the island to theleft
bank of the river three hundred feet, making in all
eight hundred and fifty feet; thedam to beconstrucfced
with an inclined plane on the up-stream side of one
foot and five tenths horizontal, to one perpendicular,
with a weir twelve feet wide, and an incline on the
lower side of one and one half foot, horizontal to one
foot perpendicular, carrying the water down to low-
water mark, where it is to be received on an apron
twenty-four feetwide, then on asub-apron to belaid
in an excavation in the bedof thestream, and twelve
feet wide, the top ot the last apron to belaid level with
the bed of the river and the lower or down-stream
side ot it to be laid in masonry and grouted, thus
forming a perfect protection to the structure from
the undertow of the stream as it passes over the dam.
The excavation across the island will be sand and
gravel, and for the foundation to the lock and dam
will be mostly broken limestone packed with gravel,
the dam on the left bank of the stream to terminate
in an abutment of masonry, which, with the wing
wall, form the lock to the right bank of the river.
The lock and that part of the dam across the island
are to be built above high-water mark. In my esti-
mate I have made them six feet above the weir of
that part of the dam over which the water flows; six
feet has been the limit of high water above the falls-.
The location of thedam is so near the falls that there
need be no apprehension of danger from ice, as in
passing over the dam and fails above it is broken up
into small fragments. I have made my plans for a
dam constructedof timber crib-woikto be filled with
broken stone; the foundation for the up-stream side
and for the lower side of the sub-apron to be exca-
vated and laid from three to six feet below the bed
of the stream; the masonry to be laid in hydraulic
cement and well grouted. The up-stream slope of
the dam to be covered with six-inch plank, the down-
stream slope with eight inches, and the crown or
weir, with the aprons to be covered with twelve-inch
plank, well secured to the timber with two-inch
trenails.
The walls of the lock, the wing-wall, and abut-
ment to be laid in hydraulic cement and built of
limestone, as quarried from the ledge in the bank
of the river. The lime rock quarries out in regular
courses, and with good, smooth beds, so that there
would be very little cutting required, except to fit
the timbers for gates and sills. There is an abun-
dance of good lime-rock in either bank of the river,
and the parties owning the land on each side at the
place where it is proposed to break the lock and dam
have granted the right to quarry what stone it would
require to build the lock and dam, and the right to
flow what land would be overflowed by the erection
of a dam at the place proposed.
The following estimates are ba«ed upon the pres-
ent high prices for labor and materials, and I have
endeavored to make them high enough to cover all
contingencies. The place where it is proposed to
locate the dam is very favorable for turning the
water away while laying the foundation.
_A wing-dam, extending from the left shore of the
river to .the head of the island, would cariy the water
by the east side of the island, so that a slight dam
below the works would keep the back-water out, and
by taking small sections at a time the excavation
could be made, and the foundations could be put in
with a moderate amount of bailing water. After the
foundations were laid the water would pass through
the flood-gates on the east side of the island while
the superstructure was being completed.
The following is my estimate on the plan which I
have proposed:
Estimate for loch.
Timber for fenders, 42,636 feet, board measure, at
§20   $S52 72
Stone masonry in wails, 616,666 cubic
yards, at $10    61,666 66
Stone masonry in wing-walls, 118 cubic
yards, at $10  1,180 00
Excavations for foundations, 5,000 cubic
yards, at 31    5,900 00
Two sets of gates, with guard gates, miter
sills, valves, and fixtures  ^'9^? 22
Contingencies, ton per cent  9,459 93
Carried over $101,059 31
Brought over $104,059 31
Estimate for dam.
Timber for crib-work and planking,
2,136,576 feet, at $20    $42,731 52
Stone masonry in foundations,
1,300 cubic yarcK at $10  13,000 00
Stone masonry in abutment,
1,5(30 cubic yards, at $10  15,000 00
Excavation for foundation of
clam and approach to lock,
15.000 cubic yaids, at SI  15,000 (X)
Labor building crib-woik and
filling <lam  21,365 00
Wing-dam to turn off wat&r....
Pumping and bailing for foun-
dations 
Contingencies, ten per cent....
3,000 00
5,000 00
11,509 65
126,606 17
Total cost of lock and dam  8230,665 48
By the examinations and surveys just closcd, and
embodied in map?! and. estimates submitted, the feasi-
bility of permanentand uninterrupted navigation to
the ^alls of St. Anthony is apparent, and the utility
and necessity of it aie well set forth in the memorial
to Congress passed la«t winter by the Legislature of
this State. This memorial accompanies this report as
containing important facts bearing upon the ques-
tion. It may be well enough to add that, since the
passage of this memorial, the two cities at the falls
have in less than one year's time made signal pro-
gress in population and production. Minneapolis
alone has doubled her population, while St. Anthony-*
has gained a large percentage, and the two together
now number nearly thirteen thousand inhabitants.
Manufactures have gained in proportion. The man-
ufacture of lumber has increased, and will this year
approximate eighty million feet, the leading* markets
for which are the .Minnesota valley and Mississippi
andits tributaries. Up the former M can be shipped
by barges at much less cost than by rail.
Besides, the mills and factories at the falls must
ever depend upon the valley product of wool and
wheat for a large share of their raw material, thus
making a perfect reciprocity of communication and
trade. The manufacture ot cloth has also increased
largely, the factories now yielding nearly two thou-
sand yards por day, most of which is shipped to Chi-
cago and St.Louis; but the great staple product of
alf is flour. This product is more than double what
it was a year ago, amounting now to more than one
thousand fivehnndred barrels per day. Large as this
is, by the 1st of March next it will be duplicated.
"When the mills erected this season are finished and
in operation, a capacity for manufacturing over three
thousand barrels per day will demand greater facili-
ties for importing wheat and exporting flour than we
now have, and none will be so cheap and direct^ as
river transportation. Such competition in shipping
is nccessary to prevent extortionate prices, as well
as to stimulate dispatch and vigilance in the carriers
of our trade and commerce. Nothing is here said of
the increased facilities this projected improvement
in the navigation of the Mississippi will afford for
importing our dry goods and groceries—interests now
amounting to millions annually. Tt is also apparent
from the foregoingestimatesthatthesecontemplated
improvements of the navigation of the river will
cost no more per mile than many miles of railway,
and when once completed will connect directly the
immense water-power at the Palls of St. Anthony
with oversixteen thousand miles of water transport-
ation, and will reduce the portage from ten to less
than one mile, and plac-e the surplus products of our
farms and factories in direct and cheap communica-
tion with consumers and producers of the lower val-
ley and tributaries It would he difficult to conceivc
of a work which, with so small outlay, would confer
benefits equal to these.
I am, veiy respectfully, your obedient servant,
FRANK COOK,
Civil Engineer.
Brev. Mnj. Gen. G. K. Warren, Major of Engineers,
112 East Seventeenth Act York city.
Mr. Speaker, we could very properly have
come here and asked of this Government a
money appropriation for this great and highly
important work; but in view ofuhe embar-
rassed financial condition of the country, in
view of the great pressure of taxation upon
our people, and the indisposition of Congress
to increase those burdens, we have not pro-
posed to demand a grant of money. We have
simply asked that we shall take from the pub-
lie lands in Minnesota—public land which the
Government proposes to give away under the
homestead and preemption laws—the quantity
named in the bill, without, at the same time,
taking the lands away from the settler. I do
not think even the settlers of the country
would object to this measure. A large number
of them already prefer to pay $1 25 per acre
to the Government for their lands under the
preemption law, rather than take them at the
expiration of five years for nothing under the
homestead law. This bill will, therefore, be
in effect simply the diverting of the proceeds
of two hundred thousand acres of land, at
$1 25 per acre, amounting to $250,000, from
the general Treasury of the United States to
the State of Minnesota, to be used in construct-
ing this great work. I should, of course, pre-
fer a grant of $250,000 in money ; and I have,
therefore, added to the bill a proviso that if at
any time before the completion of the work
the Government grants a money appropriation
sufficient to construct the work, then the land
granted by this bill will revert to the General
Government. This will leave open the door
for a money grant at any stage of the work.
Mr. MAYNARD- I will ask the gentleman
from Minnesota whether .this work is expected
to be done under the direction of the United
States authorities or not?
Mr. DONNELLY. Not necessarily, al-
though we have no objection to its being done
according to the plan and estimates of the
engineer department, and I would accept an
amendment to that effect.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the work is to be done
at all, andweareto payfor it, I think we ought
to have the direction and control of the man-
*ner of doing it.
Mr. BLAINE. In that case it wiil cost ten
times as much as it otherwise would.
Mr. DONNELLY. If the gentleman from
Tennessee will draw up his amendment I have
no objection to its being adopted.
Mr. BLAINE. Works of this kind that the
Government prosecutes through its own offi-
cers invariably cost more than similar works
done in any other way.
Mr. MAYNARD. But when they are done
they are done to some purpose. If we leave
this work to be done in any other way we might
just as well throw the money at first to the
bottom of the Mississippi for any good that it
will do.
Mr. BLAINE. "We have an example in the
attempt to keep clear the mouth of the Missis-
sippi river. Private individuals are now* doing
what the United States attempted ineffectually
to do for twenty-five years.
Mr. DONNELLY. I will accept such an
amendment as the gentleman from Tennessee
may propose.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move, then, to add the
words:
The work to be done under the direction of the
engineer department of the United States, according
to the plan and estimates submitted by Major Gen-
eral Warren.
Mr. DONNELLY. I now demand-the pre-
vious question on the bill.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
58, noes 37.
The main question was orderea to be put.
Mr. Mayxaud's amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a thiid time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third tune.
Mr. DONNELLY. I move the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 demand the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. DONNELLY. I hope the gentleman
will not insist on that demand. There are other
members of the Committee on the Public Lai.ds
who have business to present from that com-
mittee, and as wt have but an hour to report
in, they will not have time if the gentleman
insists on the yotts and nays.
Mr. HOLMAN. Whenabdl is to be passed
without discussion giving away a portion of the
public domain, I shall insist on the \ cab and
nays if 1 can get them.
The }eas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yens 07, nays 4•">. not voting
87 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. ArneH, Delos R. Ashley, James
M. Ashley, Beaman, Beck, I entun,Blame, Broomall,
Cullom, Dawes, l)oimell\, Dri^jrs. Eekley, Farn.«-
worth, Fields, Griswolel. lligby, Hopfciu*. insert-oil,
Kitchen, Kooniz, Lafim, Lmroln, Loan, Log an,
Loughridge, MaMory, Maynard, McCarthy, MeClurg,
McCormick, Miller, Morreli, Muilins, Myer:«, New-
comb, Kunn, O'Neill, Paine. Pile, Poland, i'olsicy,
PoQieroj, Price, Sawyer. Sohenck, SeofieM,
Starkweather. Stokes, I&ffe, John Trimble, Trow-
