£10
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 21,
Ho. of Reps.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Paine.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
clearly unconstitutional. They have no right
to inquire into the merits of a treaty. It is
the law of the land, arid they must carry it out
or resist the constituted authorities. A law
must be repealed or obeyed or the Government
will be dissolved. Can the House repeal a
treaty? No; it must therefore obey it. Mr.
'N. Smith believed that if Congress had a dis-
cretion as to appropriations for treaties it vir-
tually had a part of the treaty power; that
Representatives had no more right to inquire
into the merits of treaties, when called upon to
appropriate money to carry them out, than to
inquire into the merits of the President or
judges when called upon to appropriate for
their salaries. He held a treaty to be not
merely a law which Congress could not repeal,
but a oontrapt; that the House was in duty
bound to deal with a treaty as a court is bound
to deal with a la,w: to execute, not discuss it;
t.hat the House had a discretion, but that dis-
cretion was limited by the Constitution, the
treaty, and the law of right and justice, and
was bound to fulfill the contract.
Mr. Harper's opinion was, that when we are
called upon to carry a treaty into effect our
discretion permits us to ask, not whether it is
good or bad, but whether it is so bad that the
public welfare requires it to be broken; and
that the same is true of appropriations for the
military establishment.
Mr. Griswold's reasoning was this: treaties
may repeal laws. For Congress by law de-
clares war; the President by treaty makes
peace, and so repeals the law. The people
have the same right to repeal statutes through
the treaty power which they have to enact
them through the legislative power. A treaty
is a law with which the House has nothing to
do except provide for its execution. It is said
that the President and Senate might repeal
half the laws. But such is the Constitution.
All power is liable to abuse. It has been said
that a law can only be repealed by consent of
parties. But the House of Representatives is
not a party to a law. The people are parties,
and may make a law by one set of agents and
repeal it by another. There is no check on
the treaty power. The duty of Congress to
appropriate is the same, whether the debt
springs from the Constitution, from a law, or
from a treaty. As to appropriations, Congress
is merely the treasurer of the United States.
Mr. W. Smith reasoned as follows: Repre-
sentatives are bound by laws in their legisla-
tive as much as in their individual capacity.
Treaties are laws. When they prescribe a duty
forlegislatois the latter have not a discretion
to perform or not perform, but only as to the
mode and circumstances. Thus they have
not a discretion to decide whether or not to
appropriate money to carry on the Government,
but only what fund shall furnish it, and other
matters of detail. Upon the application of
two thirds of the Slates Congress is bound to
call a convention to amend the Constitution.
So treaties may "impose duties, and then they
must be obeyed. The discretion of Congress
is the same in one case as in the other. The
fact that military appropriations are limited
proves that others are not. Appropriations
for the support of the Government and even for
pensions aie annual, and yet cannot be honestly
withheld. The House cannot repeal a law by
withholding an appropriation. The power
which enacts can alone repeal. A treaty can
only be annulled by consent of parties, by
breach of faith, or by war. Alter the embargo
act the President released Swedish vessels
under a treaty, and thus set aside a law.
These arguments are answered by Gallatin,
Madison, Giles, Nicholas, Swanwiek, Havens,
Page, Findley, Livingston, and S. Smith. The
substance of Mr. Gallatin's reasoning was this:
A treaty is unconstitutional which provides
for doing things forbidden by the Constitution.
But a treaty, though not unconstitutional, if it
requires legislative action, will not become the
supreme law of the land until such legislation
is had. The general treaty-making power is
limited by certain positive clauses of the Con-
stitution, and checked by certain powers vested
in other branches of the Government. It is
limited by the section granting all legislative
power to Congress and checked by the pro-
vision that no money shall be drawn from the
Treasury except in consequence of an appro-
priation by law. Wherever the powers exer-
cised in making or executing a treaty clash,with
powers specifically granted to another branch
of the Government that branch must assent to
render the treaty completely valid. If a treaty
is the supreme law so is a statute. Neither
can repeal the other. Both must operate, if
at all, subject to the Constitution. The oppo-
site doctrine gives to the President and Sen-
ate all legislative power. For example, by
making use of an Indian tribe the treaty-mak-
ing power would be able to borrow money,
regulate commerce,' &c. Congress is not a
part of the treaty power, but only a check upon
it. A treaty which clashes with the power of
Congress is not "made under the authority
of the United States," and is not the supreme
law. It is over State laws, not Federal laws,
that treaties are supreme. As to the salaries
of the Presidentand judges the Constitution ex-
pressly forbids their diminution and enjoins
their payment. Hence Representatives are
merely bound to appropriate. No such thing
is true of treaties.
Mr. Madison's view of the subject was this:
treaties are supreme not over Federal but
over State laws. The word "treaty" is not
used in the Constitution in an unrestricted
sense. If the treaty power can perform one act
for which the authority of Congress is required
by the Constitution it can perform every such
act. If the Presidentand Senate can, by treaty,
regulate trade, they eon also declare war, raise
armies, levy taxes, borrow money, appropriate
money, &e. No line can be drawn. By a
treaty of alliance with a nation at war they
may make the United States a party to the war,
stipulate subsidies, borrow money to pay them,
furnish troops to be transported to Europe or
Asia, and maintain a standing Army. It is no
answer to say that they could only pledge the
public faith to all this. If we are bound to
fulfill their pledges the result is the same. The
specific powers conferred upon Congress are
subject to certain restrictions imposed by sec-
tion nine of the first article of the Constitution
and by the Amendments. But these powers
exercised by the President and Senate will be
subject to no such restrictions. The limitation
of military appropriations to two years would
be defeated if the President and Senate could
pledge them for four, whereas the framers of
the Constitution intended to enable cither
branch of the Legislature to discontinue a mili-
tary establishment at the end of twu \ears.
When the Constitution enjoins upon Congress
a particular act there is no discretion. But
when the act of one department interferes
with a power expressly vested in another the
latter must be exercised accordingto its nature.
It is claimed that a treaty is paramount because
the President and Senate are agents of the
people. But so is Congress the agent of the
people. It is objected that the treaty power
would be absolutely frustrated by these limit-
ations. But the several departments form one
Government of our people, who may express
their will through one Government, operating
under checks, on this as well as any other
subject.
Mr. Giles said, in substance, that the
supremacy of treaties was over State constitu-
tions and laws ; that treaties could not annul,
but could be annulled by statutes; that they
were always in fact annulled by the war power,
never by convention ; that if England should
fail to ratify the treaty of 1794 our ground of
complaint would be a breach, not of treaty
promise, but of antecedent obligation. Inlns
opinion there were two restrictionson the treaty
power. First, all legislative power is vested
in Congress; and second, appropriations must
be made by law, nottreaty law, but statute law,
which is an expression of the legislative will,
and cannot be made without discretion. If
the President can by treaty—by the aid of b
foreign Power—legislate against the right of
Congress to legislate, there is an end of all
discretion. If he can thus declare what com-
merce shall-not be regulated, what property
shall not be sequestered, what shall or shall
not be adjudged and punished as piracy, what
will prevent an agreement to keep on foot a
standing army of ten thousand men?
The view taken by Mr. Nicholas was this:
if the power of the President and Senate as to
treaties is unqualified, then the House must
appropriate. But is that power unqualified?
Suppose the Constitution had expressly given
Congress the control of money stipulations in
treaties, ivould not that constitute a qualifica-
tion of the treaty power of the President and
Senate? But on this point the Constitution,
though not explicit, is clear, if fairly construed.
Congress has discretionary power over appro-
priations, but it is lost if Congress can, by
treaty, be forced to make them. The circum-
stance that appropriations for the Army and
for the public debt are specially regulated by
constitutional provisions shows that Congress
has, in general, a discretion. The President
and Senate hold the treaty power with qualifi-
cations in matters of money. Unless Congress
sees fit to appropriate the money it is so far no
treaty.
Mr. Swanwiek said, in substance: Article,
first, section eight, of the Constitution, con-
fers upon Congress not only certain specified
legislative powers, but also the general power
to make all laws necessary and proper lor car-
rying into effect both these specified powers
and all other powers vested by the Constitu-
tion in the Government or any department or
officer thereof. But this implies discretion.
The House has the right to originate money
bills. What does this amount to if the Pres-
ident and Senate can make a contract which
will compel the House to raise money? The
Constitution, statutes, and treaties are made
the supreme law, and State judges are bound
thereby, anything in State laws or constitu-
tions to the contrary notwithstanding. This
clause, taken as a whole, shows that treaties
are supreme overstate, not Federal laws. The
gradation is : first, the Constitution ; second,
the statutes; third, treaties. Can the third
override the second? Encroachments are not
more likely to come from Congress than from
the Executive.
Mr. Havens : The grant of legislative power
is in terms as unlimited as the grant of treaty
power. Jf Congress had no right to refuse
appropriations then a treaty might embrace an
appropriation clause, and, being a supreme
law, might dispense with all legislative action.
But statutes are as truly supreme as treaties.
Mr. Page : If the President and Senate can
regulate commerce with one nation they can
with all. What will remain for Congress to
regulate ?
Mr. Findlay : It is not more extraordinary
to give Congress a discretion in the enactment
of laws to carry out treaties than to give the
President the veto power after conferring all
legislative power upon Congress.
Mr. Livingston: It is immaterial whether a
treaty can, propria vigors, appropriate money,
or can only compel us to doit. Both doctrines
are equally subversive of the principles of our
Government. Bntthelatteris more degrading
to us. If the framers of the Constitution had
intended to make appropriations obligatory
upon us they would have said " Congress shall
pass laws to carry into effect all treaties." If
Congress is to exercise no discretion, why act
at all? Why not leave it all to treaty? The
Constitution, statutes, and treaties are to have
