1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8859
nearly equal balance the present price of gold,
has prevented fluctuations that would be very
injurious to the people of the United States.
But certainly it is not worth while to discuss
that question on this bill. The Senator from
Illinois, who seems to be troubled about this
gold, drags it in in regard to every proposition,
it he will introduce a proposition directing the
Secretary of the Treasury to sell this gold,
and will have it referred in the ordinary way,
I promise him that a report shall be made
promptly upon the subject, and then the Sen-
ate may do what they please in regard to the
disposition of this gold. But whenever a col-
lateral measure is brought up he seeks to bring
forward this discussion about the gold. If the
Senator will introduce a joint resolution direct-
ing the sale of this gold and refer it to the
Finance Committee, I promise him that at the
very next session a report shall be made, and
the opinion of the Senate may be taken as soon
as possible on the question of the policy of
selling the gold. That has nothing to do with
the temporary provision for the payment of
compound-interest notes, unless the Senator
desires to present the question that the gold
shall be sold to redeem the compound-interest
notes. If so, he can do it in the form of an
amendment, and then the sense of the Senate
can be taken on the question of the sale of gold
on hand.
I have nothing to say in regard to the post-
ponement. I leave that entirely to the Sena-
tor from New Jersey. This bill has been
pending a month or two, and it is very im-
portant that it should be acted on at an early
day. I do not want to interfere with the man-
agement of the bill.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I have sonic
objections to this measure. I believe it to be
another plan for drawing more interest from
the Treasury. The idea of asking for this
addition to the three percent, certificates is in
order that they may be used by the national
banks as a part of their reserve, instead of
non-interest-bearing United States notes or
greenbacks. That I believe to be the object
aimed at. It is therefore a plan for the ben-
efit and the profit of the national banks. They
seem to be unwilling to have any form of secu-
rities or money that is not producing some
revenue in the form of interest to be drawn
out of the United States Treasury. Their
bonds that are left on deposit draw interest in
greenbacks at the rate of about seven and forty
hundredths per cent. Their loans draw interest.
A part of their reserve fund draws interest.
But as there are not enough three per cent,
certificates to supply all of the reserve fund at
present, this proposition goes to the extent of
asking for the privilege of issuing more three
per cent, certificates, in order that all this
reserve fund may draw some interest as well.
I am, therefore, opposed to the measure. If
these compound-interest notes have ceased to
bear interest, let them remain in that condition
until we can make some disposition of them.
I do not think it absolutely necessary that we
should supply their places by issuing these
three per cent, certificates.
Mr. CATTELL. Ordinarily I would not
■object to a postponement of this bill at the
request of a Senator ; but really I cannot see
that there is any relevancy in the point made
by the Senator from Illinois in regard to this
bill. The chairman of the Finance Commit-
tee has sufficiently explained that that is an
entirely differentquestion. I ask again whether
it would not be infinitely better for the Gov-
ernment of the United States, if they are dis-
posed to sell this gold, to redeem the obliga-
tions upon which they are paying six per cent,
interest, and then obtain this $25,000,000 at
three per cent, currency'! I think that is the
simplest proposition that can be submitted to
anybody, that they will take $25,000,000 at
three per cent., and then, if the views enter-
tained by the Senator from Illinois should pre-
vail, and the Congress of the United States
should determine that there is too much gold
m the Treasury, and should direct it to be sold
in any form, the outstanding obligations of the
United States, upon which we are paying six
per cent, in gold, could be redeemed there-
from. I hope the Senator from Illinois will
withdraw his objection and allow this bill to
be disposed of. It is near the close of the
session, and it must go to the House of Rep-
resentatives. It has been upon our tables for
nearly a month, and I trust the Senate will
finish it this morning.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I will
not undertake to combat the ideas of my friond
from Illinois with regard to the gold in the
Treasury. I leave that entirely to the Fi-
nance Committee. But I really hope that this
bill will be acted upon now and passed, simply
because I wish to save the credit of the Gov-
ernment, without exposing the Government to
any extra and unnecessary effort to get funds
for a pu rpose which must be accomplished.
The Senator from California says, if these
notes have become payable, or are about
to become payable, and the interest on them
has ceased, all we have got to do is to let
them lie until we can conveniently pay them.
That applies to the public debt. That is repu-
diation ; that is bankruptcy—nothing more nor
less. These obligations become due at a cer-
tain date. We have promised to pay them at
that date with interest accumulated upon them.
But says the Senator from California, " It is
not convenient to pay them; let them lie;"
thus having $00,000,000 more of this paper
out, not taken up by the Government.
Now, I want to say to my honorable friend
that doctrine will not do. We must pay them
in some way or other, and we must pay them
when they become payable, because they were
not issued as currency at all. We do not pro-
pose to pay them by issuing more six per cent,
gold-bearing bonds, or bonds with gold inter-
est. Therefore I cannot consent with him, if
these $80,000,000 become payable, to let them
lie, and simply say, " It is not convenient to
pay them." That will not do for the Govern-
ment of the country.
Mr. COLE. I need hardly remind the hon-
orable Senator from Maine that we owe a
great deal of indebtedness that we are utterly
unable to pay. We are able to pay only a very
small proportion of what we owe, at best.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We pay every dollar
that is payable—everything except the notes
which are issued as currency. Everything
else we meet. But the Senator's proposition
is to let our obligations to a large amount lie
and take no notice of them, pay neither prin-
cipal nor interest. That is what my friend
says. I say to him again that that will not do.
No Government on the face of the earth can
deal upon those principles with its creditors.
We must pay them in some way or other.
Now, the question is, how ? The Secretary of
the Treasury says ho will not have funds to
meet the ordinary expenses of the Government
and at the same time to pay $30,000,000 out of
the Treasury for the redemption of this paper.
What, then, will you do? Will you borrow
more money by the issuing of more six per
cent, bonds? We shall have to do that if we
cannot do any better. But what is this prop
osition? This proposition is simply to issue a
quantity of paper, §25,000,000, bearing three
percent, currency interest, which is sight paper,
which may be taken up at any time. How
much have you heard in this Hall about the
necessity of reducing our intex'est? Is there
any Senator in this Hall who does not recog-
nize that necessity ? If he does, here is an
opportunity. I wish we could put the whole
of our debt in the same condition and let it run
at three per cent.
If the banks are willing to take $25,000,000
more and hold it as part of their reserve, why
not allow them to do so? The Senator says it
will liberate so much of these United States
notes. What if it does? It does not take
them out of circulation because they cannot
be taken out of circulation by law. He must
keep $300,000,000, as the law stands,in circu-
lation. They cannot be retired.
Mr. CATTELL. They are virtually out of
circulation when they are held as a reserve in
the banks.
^ Mr. E\ESSENDEN. I suppose they are.
They are now used as a reserve; but suppose
the banks put them out and substitute these
S!25,000,000 for them, what then ? They come
into circulation, do they not? Then they come
to the Treasury, and the Treasury must do
what with them ? It cannot retire them ; the
law prohibits it. It must put them out again.
May they not as well be in the circulation of
the country as in the vaults of the banks? I
do not appreciate the force of that argument.
Then this is nothing but a simple proposi-
tion, and a very plain one, to pay off a six per
cent, note which we must pay with a three per
cent, note payable in currency. If that does
not recommend itself to the common sense of
everybody it is very strange to me. I was
very glad when this bill was brought in increas-
ing the amount of three per cent, certificates,
and I hope the Senate will pass it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am a little surprised
that a bill of this kind should be called up and
its passage insisted upon in the morning hour,
when a Senator asks to have it go over until
to-morrow. The Committee on Finance are
unanimous, it is said. They have been pur-
suing this policy for some years; and I am
reminded by the Senator from Ohio that for
the tenth time I have objected to retaining this
amount of gold in the Treasury. I wish to
show that the reasons that he gave for retain-
ing the gold in the Treasury have proved by
the lapse of time not to be well founded. I
think, instead of its being such a plain propo-
sition that we should issue notes bearing three
per cent, interest, and take up those that are
bearing six or more, that it is an equally plain
proposition that when we have got the money
we should pay off our indebtedness as it falls
due, and not pay either three per cent, inter-
est or any other rate of percentage, and that it
would be a much wiser policy to sell some of
this gold and pay these compound-interest
notes than to issue another species of indebt-
edness in lieu of them. If the Finance Com-
mittee got up a loan bill by which they can
reduce the rate of interest from six to three
per cent, on such portions of the indebtedness
as we cannot pay off, that will be very well;
but it would be miserable economy,, let me say
to the Senator from Maine, to borrow money
at three per cent, interest when we had no
occasion to borrow it at all. When you have
money in your vaults you do not want to pay
any interest.
I trust that this bill will not be forced to a
vote this morning, the first moment of its
consideration, but that it will be suffered to go
over. However, I will not place myself in tho
way of the action of the Senate by attempting
to delay it unreasonably by taking up time.
If the Senator from New Jersey consideis it
his duty to press such a bill as this to a vote
in the morning hour when it is asked that it
may go over until to-morrow morning, and
the Senate sustain him in it, of course I have
nothing to do but to submit to the decision of
the Senate. I trust, however, the vote will
not be taken upon it to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion on the motion to postpone the bill until
to-morrow, and declared that the ayes appeared
to have it.
Mr. CATTELL. I ask for a division on
that question. There were but two or three
responses.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have the yeas
and nays, then, and see if the Senate will refuse
to give a Senator an opportunity to look into
the bill. .
Several Senators. Oh, no; another divis-
ion will do.
The question being again put, there were—
ayes twenty-two, noes not counted.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.
