1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2835
bridge, "Van Aernam, Van WycK, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, and Windorn—57.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Baker, Baldwin, Barnes,
Beatty, Boyer, Bromweli, Buckland, Burr. Cary,
Cobb, Ooburn, Cornell, Delano, Kla, Gotz, Golladay,
Grover, ilai^ht, JLili, llohiian, Richard D.Hubbard,
Johnson, Joues, Julian, Retcham, Knott, William
Lawrence, McCullough, Mereur, Moore, Niblack,
Nicholson, Randall. Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Stew-
art, Kone, Taylor. Van Auken, Van Trump, Ward,
William!.!. Washburn, John T. Wilson, and Wood-
wan1—45.
RuT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames,
Anderson, Axtel!, Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Benja-
min. Bingham, Blair, Boutwell, Brooks, Butler, Cake,
Chanlcr. Churchill, Reader W.Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cook, Covode, Dixon, Dodge, Eggleston, Eldridge,
Eliot, Ferriss, Ferry, Finney, Fox, Garfield, Gloss-
brenner, Gravely, Halsey, Harding, Hawkins,
Hooper, Ilotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Hunter, Jenekes,
Judd, Kelley. ICelsey, Kerr. George V. Lawrence,
Lyneh, Marshall, Marvin, Moorhead. Morrissey,
Mungcn, Orth, Perham, Peters, Phelps, Pike, Plants,
Pruyn, Rauin, Robertson. Robinson, Ross, Selye,
Shanks, Spalding, Aaron F. Stevens. Thaddeus
Stevens, Taber, Thomas, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Twicheli, Upson. Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van
Horn. Elitiu B. Washburne. Henry D. Washburn.
Welker, Thomas Williams. William Williams, James
F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, and Wood-
bridge—87.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. DONNELLY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC LANDS GRANTED TO NEVADA.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada, from the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, reported back,
with an amendment, Senate bill No. 190, to
further provide for giving effect to the various
grants of public lands to the State of Nevada.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that the State of Nevada is author-
ized to select alternate even-numbered sections
within the limits of any railroad grant in said
State, in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of
the several grants made in the following acts
of Congress, to wit: the act organizing the
Territory of Nevada, passed March 2, 1861;
the act admitting the State of Nevada into the
Union, passed March 21, 1864; and the act
concerning certain lands granted to Nevada,
passed July 4, 1860, provided that this priv-
ilege shall not extend to lands upon which
there may be rightful claims under the pre-
emption and homestead laws; and provided
that if lands be selected, the minimum price
of which is $2 50 per acre, each acre so
selected shall be taken by the State in satisfac-
tion of two acres, the minimum price of which
is SI 2-j per acre. And provided further that
the lands granted in the eighth and ninth sec-
tions of the said act admitting Nevada into the
Union shall be selected within four years from
the - passage of this act, and the period for
the selection of said lands is hereby so ex-
tended.
The second section provides that the lands
known and designated for the establishment
of an agricultural college by the act of July 2,
1802, and the acts amendatory thereto, shall
be selected in the same manner and of the
same character of lands as may be selected in
satisfaction of any other grants referred to in
the first section of this act. But this act shall
riot authoiize the. selection of lands valuable
for mines of gold, silver, quicksilver, or cop-
per.
The third section provides that the land
office at Belmont, Nye county, State of Ne-
vada, is hereby removed to Aurora, in Esme-
ralda eounty, and the district shall be known
as the Aurora district. The counties of Nye,
Lincoln, and Lander shall constitute a land
district, the office of which is located at Austin;
and the President shall be authorized here-
after, from time to time, as circumstances may
require, t.o adjust the boundaries of any and
all of file land districts in said State, and
change the location of the land office from
time to time, when the same shall be expe-
dient.
The fourth section provides that the lands
granted to the State of California for the estab-
lishment of an agricultural college by the act
of July 2, 1862, and acts amendatory thereto,
may be selected by said State from any lands
within said State subject to preemption and
sale ; provided that this privilege shall not
extend to lands upon which there may be right-
ful claims under the preemption and home-
stead laws, nor to mineral lands; and provided
funpher, that if lands be selected as aforesaid,
tire minimum price of which is $2 50 per acre,
each acre so selected shall be taken by the
State in satisfaction of two acres, the minimum
price of which is $1 25 per acre ; and provided
further, that such selections shall be made in
every other respect subject to the conditions,
restrictions, and limitations contained in the
acts hereby modified.
The amendment of the committee was to
the third section of the bill, to strike out the
following:
The land office at Belmont, Nye county. State of
Nevada, is hereby removed to Aurora, in Esmeralda
county, and tlie district shall be known as the Aurora
district. The counties of Nye, Lincoln, and Lander
shall constitute a land district, the office of which is
located at Austin.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following :
The county of Esmeralda, in the State of Nevada,
and the counties of Mono and Inyo, in the State of
California, aro hereby created aland district; and
the land office for such district shall be located at
Aurora, in Esmeralda county.
Mr. WARD. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Nevadawhetherthisbillrelates
simply to school lands.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. The only lands
to be affected by this bill are school lands, ex-
cept twenty sections for public buildings and
twenty sections for penitentiaries, the same
quantity granted to all the new States. Other-
wise the bill relates exclusively to the lands
granted to the State of Nevada for school pur-
poses. As the surveys in Nevada are only ex-
tended where the railroads are to be built, and
as the Commissioner of the General Land
Office has ruled that we cannot take those lands
because they are double the minimum price,
this bill provides that we may take them at the
rate of one acre for two. The object is to
build up our school fund. The bill does not
grant a single additional acre, but simply
enables us quickly to locate our school lands
at a point where we can sell them. That is
the only object of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand the gentle-
man from Nevada to state that this bill does
not grant additional lands, but provides for the
manner in which those already granted shall
be secured to the State.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. Thatisall. The
bill contains no grant of lands.
The amendment was agreed to: and the bill,
as amended, was ordered a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on tlie table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CITIES AND TOWNS ON PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada, also, from the
Committee on the' Public Lands, reported
back, with an amendment, a bill (S. No. 188)
to amend an act entitled "An act for the re-
lief of the inhabitants of cities and towns upon
the public land,'' approved March 2, 1867.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
inhabitants of any town located on the public
lands of the United States may avail them-
selves, if the town authorities elect so to do,
of the provisions of the act of March 2, 180* ;
provided that this shall not prevent the issu-
ance of patents to persons who have made or
may make entries and elect to proceed under
existing laws; and provided further, that no
title under the act of March 2, 1807, shall be
acquired to any mining claim or possession
held under the existing laws of Congress. It
is provided further, that, in addition to the
i minimum price of the lands included in any
town site entered under the provisions of this
act and the act of March 2_, 1867, there shall
be paid by the parties availing themselves of
the provisions of these acts all costs of survey
and platting any such town site and expenses
incident thereto incurred by the United States
before any patent shall issue therefor.
The amendment reported by the committee
was read, as follows:
In line thirteen insert the word "valid" before
the words " mining claims.''
Mr. MAYNAllD. Is there a written report
in this case?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. There is not;
but I can state in a word all there is of it. In
1864 we allowed town sites upon the public
lands to be entered in this wise: individuals
might apply to the land office to enter a lot on
paying ten dollars therefor. That was the rule
up to 1807. We then passed a law that towns
upon the public lands might apply in their
corporate capacity to get title for lands upon
which the towns stand. In Nevada our towns
have applied as individuals under the old law
of 1804 for title to lots, paying ten dollars a
lot. We have to go to the land office at Car-
son City, two hundred miles off, and it has
been found impracticable, and the Govern-
ment makes nothing out of it. The land com-
missioner holds that having applied under the
old law we cannot apply under the new law.
This is to remedy that.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
registers' and liECKIVEUs' compensation.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada, from the same
committee, also reported back House bill No.
652, to increase the compensation of registers
and receivers in the Territory of Idaho, with
a substitute.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
annual salary of registers and receivers in the
Territory of Idaho be, and the same is hereby,
increased to the sum of $3,000.
The substitute provides that the annual salary
of the registers an,d receivers of the United
States land office shall be increased to the
sum of §1,000. This increase to take effect on
the 1st of July next, and to continue for two
years and no longer, provided such increased
salary, together with fees and commissions now
authorized by law, shall not exceed the annual
sum of $3,000 to each officer.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. Mr. Speaker,
I have simply to say this: that bill provides
for a temporary increase of the salaries of
registers and receivers throughout the United
States, not to increase them, however, in any
event beyond $3,000.
The bill was first introduced for the Terri-
tory of Idaho, on the recommendation of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Then it was limited to certain States and Ter-
ritories, and the increase was to $1,000. The
reason of that was that they were allowed no
rent in those districts. Five hundred dollars
in Idaho, Montana, and Nevada, does not pay
for office rent. I have the letters of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, but I
will not take up the time of the House in
reading them. He recommends the temporary
increase that I have reported in the pending
substitute.
Mr. HAItDING. Is the gentleman ac-
quainted with any register or receiver who
has followed the business who did net get
wealthy? Are not these places sought after
for the purpose of making fortunes ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. It is not so m
Nevada and Idaho. There are no facilities
afforded there for making fortunes.^
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. If tins reported
from the Committee on the Public Lands i
