1868,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
427
Mr. RANDALL. That is the way they are
all appointed.
Mr. LOGAN. No; that is not the way
they are all appointed. Men are appointed
without Mr. Rollins knowing anything about
it. But if you go to Mr. Rollins as a member
of Congress and recommend a certain man he
will take your word for it, and Vhen you do
go to him as a member of Congress you ought
to be very careful to recommend an honest
man, as I did.
Mr. BURR. My friend has stated precisely
in fact what I stated in the point that I made.
This is not a question of law, but a question of
fact. The appointing power absolutely, by
law, might be in one place; by subterfuge or
evasion, in fact, the authority might be exer-
cised by a very different officer, as my friend
admits was the case in the instance of one
appointee; and with that I am satisfied.
Mr. LOGAN. Now, I will put a question
to the gentleman for him to answer. He
belongs to the other side in politics from
myself. Mr. Rollins does belong to the same
political party that I do. I ask the gentleman
to state to me why it is that these men are all
the time trying to remove Mr. Rollins and not
trying to remove these thieves that are ap-
pointed? It seems as though they were per-
fectly satisfied that these cormorants should
remain if they can only get Rollins out. But
the trouble with Rollins is that he cannot get
anybody removed. The President will not
remove anybody; the Secretary of the Treas-
ury will not remove anybody. Mr. Rollins
has no power to do this thing the gentleman
speaks of.
Now, I say to my colleague [Mr. Burr] and
to all those gentlemen, let us all go to the
President or the Secretary of the Treasury on
behalf of the country, on behalf of the tax-
payers, and in one solid phalanx as honest
men ask the Secretary and the President to
remove these men against whom charges have
been made. I ask the gentleman will ne do it.
Mr. BURR. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. Let us go, then; and the
members of the Committee of Ways and Means
will go with us, and we will propose to have
every man turned out of office who has been
appointed within the last fourteen months.
Mr. WARD. Is this bargain to be confined
to the Illinois delegation. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I guess we have
had amusement enough over this thing.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. LOGAN. For what purpose?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to make a sug-
gestion or two to the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Logan] in reference to the subject he has
been discussing; perhaps it may be in the form
of a question.
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman will put a
question to me I will answer it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to see whether
the responsibility of these appointments rests
upon Mr. Rollins or not. The testimony taken
before the impeachment committee shows that
Mr. Rollins has never yet, in a single instance,
appealed to the President for a change in any
of these offices where he has been satisfied
there has been corruption, dishonesty, or any
other disqualification of the incumbent.
Mr. LOGAN. Is that the suggestion which
the gentleman desires to make ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I want to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman to what Mr. Rollins
says. The question was put to him: " Have
you ever, in a single case, represented to the
President that any incumbent of the revenue
service was dishonest, or incompetent, and
ought to be removed?" He answered, "I
have not."
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, exactly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. He goes on to say : " It
is not the practice for the head of a bureau to
communicate by letter or personal interview
with the President except in the instance
referred to." And then further on he says in
the same connection 
Mr. LOGAN. I do not yield to hear the
impeachment testimony read. I have read it all
myself.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will take but a moment
longer. I desire to read only'one single passagp
more.
Mr. LOGAN. I have read it fell, and I was
very much disgusted. [Laughter.] I will not
say I was disgusted with the evidence particu-
larly, but with the result of the investigation.
[Renewed laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Rollins names six
persons who he was satisfied were guilty of
fraud and ought to be removed. And then
the testimony is as follows:
"Question. Did you name any persons as their
successors?
"jln«rer. I did not.
"Question. Wore those six officers Republicans or
Democrats?
"Anstcer. I have no means of knowing «with cer-
tainty their political opinions. They were nearly
all appointed by Mr. Lincoln. They were generally
reported as ' Conservatives;' I cannot say whether
they are all so or not."
Mr. LOGAN. Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not
yield any further to the gentleman to read from
the evidence before that committee; I hope
the members of the House have all read that
evidence. I yielded for a question or a sug-
gestion ; but the gentleman has 'neither asked
a question nor made a suggestion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Well, I will ask a ques-
tion.
Mr. LOGAN. What is it?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman will
allow me to read one further question and
answer from this testimony.
Mr. LOGAN. I decline to yield for that
purpose.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The question was put to
Mr. Rollins 
Mr. LOGAN. Put the question to me, and
not to Mr. Rollins.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The question put to Mr.
Rollins was 
Mr. LOGAN. I decline to have any ques-
tion put to Mr. Rollins.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I was going to read that
question, and then ask the gentleman 
Mr. LOGAN. I understand the matter as
well as the gentleman does; I have been in
court too much not to understand the proper
way to put questions. The gentleman cannot
Eut a question to me through Mr. Rollins. If
e will put the question directly to me I will
answer it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman holds the
floor, and of course I must do as he says. I
desire to ask him whether, in his opinion, the
law recently passed by this Congress prevent-
ing the President from removing an officer with-
out the consent of the Senate has not had a
tendency to continue these dishonest officials in
office and to produce the precise state of things
which the gentleman has been describing. Mr.
Rollins testifies that it has had this tendency.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman's question is
a very simple one and very readily answered.
He asks me whether the tenure-of-office act
has not had a tendency to produce the results
I have been describing. I believe that is his
question, although in briefer form than that in
which he has stated it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is it substantially.
Mr. LOGAN. I will answer the gentleman,
in the first place, by saying that the officers
charged with complicity in these frauds are
not, in nine cases out of ten, officers whose
appointment comes before the Senate for
confirmation. This I have already stated.
Bat I will make * further answer to the ques-
tion. The gentleman reads from the evidence
taken before the Judiciary Committee what
Mr. Rollins said about having reported men to
the President. Why, sir, Mr. Rollins has
nothing to do with the President in reference
to this matter. Mr. Rollins reports to his
chief, the Secretary of the Treasury, and not
to the President. Hence the evidence of Mr.
Rollins has nothing to do with the point under
discussion. Mr. Rollins has perhaps reported
ta the Secretary of the Treasury, but not to
the President, because he has no authority or
right to do so. Hence Mr. Rollins stated the
truth when he said that he had never reported
to the President, because he has no authority
to do so, either directly or intiirectly.
But I see the point the gentleman desires to
make in his question, and I say to him that if
the President of the United States, or the Sec-
retary of the Treasury through the President,
will propose the removal or suspension of any
officer upon the ground that he has been
defrauding the revenue the Senate will assur-
edly agree to every removal the President may
suggest where there is ground for the state-
. ment that a dishonest official is perpetrating
fraud.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] allow me to give him my
experience in connection with that subject?
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir ; I do not want the
gentleman's experience. I have the evidence
of men who have had a great deal more ex-
perience than the gentleman.
Mr. RANDALL. I was asked by a grave
Senator to make a bargain on that very sub-
ject.
Mr. LOQAN. I decline to hear the gentle-
man's experience.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. When the gentleman
made the proposition to his colleague [Mr.
Burr] to go to the President and ask a change
of officers, I understood that proposition to be
limited to those officers who have been ap-
pointed within the last fourteen months.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not care how far back
it extends.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If such a bargain is to
be made I would like it to include all the
appointees, so that we shall get rid of all the
defrauding officials, because Mr. Rollins tells
us that many of the appointees of Mr. Lincoln
were dishonest men.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well; I will agree to
that. I will agree to make a clean slate of the
whole thing and commence anew. I think
such a change would be well for the credit of
Mr. Johnson and his friends, and I am sure it
would promote the efficient collection of the
revenue.
But, sir, I desire to make a statement for the
benefit of my Democratic friends who want to
make these bargains. Of course we cannot
make bargains about turning out officers, be-
cause we do not know whether they will be
acceded to or not. There has been collected
during the last year about twenty-three million
dollars as tax on spirits. Now, let me make a
proposition to my Democratic friends, to test
the honesty of Mr. McCulloch and their Presi-
dent, for he is not ours. [Laughter.] I do
not know whether he or Mr. Dooi/itti,e or
General Hancock is to be their candidate for
the next Presidency. PrOm the nominations
made at the meeting last night it seems very
doubtful who will be the candidate.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. General Grant, I sup-
pose, ifhe gets on the platform. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. On the platform! That is
just where he is going to get—on the proper
platform, if he runs on any at all.
This is what I was going to say: there are
men to-day who will give $50,000,000 and pay
all expenses of collecting the revenue if such
a contract could be made as will give them the
excess. I know it cannot be made under the
law. I only state it with a view of letting it
be known tftat there are men in this city who
would pay $50,000,000 and all the expenses
for the collection of the revenue on distilled
spirits for the contract. If such a law was in
existence and Mr. McCulloch would give me
the contract I would resign my seat to-morrow
and agree to pay $50,000,000 and pay all the
expenses of collection provided I should get
the excess over $50,000,000 which I might
collect. This shows the views of the people in
regard to the collection of the revenue. We
ought to have $150,000,000 to-day from dis-
