3860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
DROPPING OF ARMY OB'flCEKS i'KOM BOLLS.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate take
up the joint resolution (S. 11. No. 151) to drop
from the rolls of the Army certain officers
absent without authority from their commands.
It is a small matter.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution. It directs that
the following named officers of the Army re-
ported by the Secretary of War absent from
their commands without authority, be, and
they are hereby, dropped from the rolls with loss
of all pay and allowances, namely, First Lieu-
tenant D. H, Weiland, sixth infantry; First
Lieutenant JEt. II. Lanty, fourth infantry ; First
Lieutenant A. Jf. McDonald, fifth artillery;
First, Lieutenant Richard Wilson, third artil-
lery ; Second Lieutenant J. W. Godmau, sixth
infantry; Second Lieutenant Guy Monison.
tenth infantry. Thisjesolution is to take effect
from the dates at which they absented them-
selves from their regiments.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am, of course, not famil-
iar with legislation of this kind, but it seems
to me singular to drop officers from the rolls
without any trial. Why cannot it be done by
a court-mar tial?
Mr. WILSON. These men cannot be found
through the country.. We had during the war
a law that authorized the President to dismiss
officers without trial from the Army; but it
was thought that that was a power which ought
not to exist in time of peace, and after the war
it was repealed. These officers have absented
themselves from the Army; in other words,
deserted ; they cannot be found in the country,
cannot be brought to trial by court-martial,
and they stand in the way of other officers ;
and the Secretary of War recommends this
resolution as the only mode to get rid of them.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
NEW I..AND DISTRICT IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. THAYT3R. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House hill
No. 579.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRES1 DENT pro tempore. The Chair
is informed that that bill is not reported from
the committee.
Mr. T1FAYER. It was reported this morn-
ing by my colleague.
Mr. JOHNSON. With the consent of the
honorable member from Nebraska, I move that
the Senate take up Senate bill No. 588.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That may
be done by common consent, pending another
motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the title of the
bill ?
The Chief Clerk. "A bill (S. No. 588) for
the relief of the Mount Vernon Ladies' Asso-
ciation of the Union."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There being
no objection, the bill is before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Wis-
consin [Mr. Howe] has been paying some
attention to this matter, and has been looking
tip the charter. He was here a moment ago.
I think the bill ought not to be disposed of
until he is in.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not know that he
had objected to the bill in any way. The Sen-
ator from Vermont [Mr. Morbill] thought the
bill ought not to be passed in the shape in which
it was originally presented to the Senate ; but
theamendmentwhich was proposed, and which
will be adopted, relieves the bill of the objec-
tions to which it was subjected before, as it is
supposed. I only ask that it be taken up now
because I am obliged to leave the Senate
to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I stated some objections
that I had to the passage of the bill the other
day, and in conversation with the Senator from
Wisconsin, not now in his seat, but who^ ha^
been here—he has probably stepped out for a
moment—he informed me that he had been
looking up the charter to see what the char-
acter of this association was, and I know it was
his intention to preset# some remarks upon it
when it came up. 1 trust the Senator will let
it lie until he comes in.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The other
bill, taken up on motion of the Senator from
Nebraska, is before the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 579) to
establish a new land district in the State of
Nebraska. It provides that all that portion
of the Omaha land district in the State of Ne-
braska included within the following limits:
on the east by the line dividing ranges eight
and nine east; on the north by the line divid-
ing townships twenty and twenty-one north;
on the south by the south bank of the Platte
river; and on the west by the west boundary
of the State, shall constitute an additional land
district, to be called the "Grand Island "dis-
trict, the location of the office for which is to
be designated by the President of the United
States, and by him, from time to time, to be
changed as the public interest may seem to
require.
The President is authorized to appoint, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
a register and a receiver tor the laud district.,
who are to be required to reside at the site of
their office, have the same powers, responsibil-
ities, and emoluments, and be subject to the
same acts and penalties which are or may be
prescribed by law in relation to other land
officers in the State.
The President is also authorized to cause
the public lands in the district, with the excep-
tion of such as may have been or may be re-
served for other purposes, to be exposed to
sale in the same manner and upon the same
terms and conditions as other public lands of
the United States ; but all sales and locations
made at the office of the old district of binds
situuted within the limits of the new district
which shall be valid and right in other respects
up to the day on which the new office shall go
into operation, are confirmed.
The Committee on Public Lands reported the
bill with an amendment in section one, line
five, after the word " ranges" to strike out the
words "eight and nine" and to insert " six and
seven."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to he engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
INTERNAL TAXES.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday, being the bill (H. li. No.
1284) to change and more effectually secure the
collection of internal taxes on distilled spirits
and tobacco, and to amend the tax on banks,
is before the Senate, the pending question
being on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] in section
one, line five, to strike out the words "fifty
cents" and to insert "two dollars;" so as to
read:
That there shall be levied and collected on all dis-
tilled [-pint:; on wtiieh the tax prescribed by law has
not been paid a tax of two dollars ou each and every
proof gallon, to bo paid by the distiller, &c.
On this question the Senator from Tennes-
see [Mr. Fowleu] had the floor. He does not
appear to be present.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think ho wants
to speak upon it.
Mr. POilBROY. 1 ask for the yeas and
nays on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 27 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cole, Edmunds, Harlan,
McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morton, -Xyo, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Ross, Thayer, Tipton, and Wade.—14.
SAYS—Messrs. Cattell,Chandler,Conkling, Oragin,
I>avk, j}rake, Perry, Fessenden, Fowler, Hendricks,
Howard, Johnson, McOreery, Morgan, Morrillof V er-
uioiit, Patterson of New Hampshire, Ramsey, Sher-
man. Stewart, Sumner. Trumbull.Van Winkle,Tick-
ers, Welch, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Cameron,
Conncss, Corbett, Dixon, Doolittlc, Frelmghuysen,
Grimes, Henderson, Howe,Norton, Patterson ot Ten-
nessee, Kiee, Saulsbury, Sprague, and >v liley—li. •
So the amendment was rejected/ -
Mr. MORTON. I move to strike out "fifty .
cents," in the place already referred to in the
first section,and to insert "ninety cents." Thar,
with the ten cents, I believe, provided for in the
tax on the barrel, will make it a dollar.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I believe this proposition .
meets the real opinion of most of the members
of the Committee on Finance, and 1 therefore
ask for the yeas and nays upon it. I ho|>e
they will be able to help us to carry it.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is very unjust to the
Committee oil Finance.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Ohio
says that what I said is unjust. I did not say
that I was authorized to speak for the com-
mittee. I said I believed it met the real opin-
ion of most of the members of the Committee
on Finance. I infer that, speaking of the
chairman, from what he stated last night in
debate and read from his former remarks, in
which he insisted then, 1 believe, upon $1 25
as the rate.
Mr. SHERMAN. In justice to the Com-
mittee on Finance, I desire to say distinctly
that this very question has been discussed in
the Committee on Finance, and a very large
majority of them think it wise and best to re-
tain the tax at fifty cents. 1 myself have always
favored tho one-dollar tax ; but out of deference
to the arguments that have been made, espe-
cially on "the subject of molasses whisky, and
the impossibility of breaking up the trade in
the distillation of molasses whisky by a tax at
a higher rate than fifty cents, I shall vote for
the iifty-cent tax, although it is against the
general course 1 have pursued. 1 have gener-
ally stood lor a one-dollar tax, but I shall now
vote for fifty cents as being the highest rate
that can be collected. However, 1 do not
wish to speak for other Senators. They will
vote according to their conscientious convic-
tions.
Mr. MORTON. From all I know about it
I think the molasses consideration is a very
small one, hardly enough to sweeten the ob-
jections to this amendment. If we can col-
lect fifty cents on the gallon we can collect
ninety cents. That is such a plain proposi-
tion,- I think, that we would hardly be justified
in throwing away forty cents of revenue from
each gallon.
Mr. MORGAN. As one member of the
Committee on Finance, I wish to say that the
Senator from Vermont who spoke last does
not represent me.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not profess to rep-
resent anybody. I expressed it as my opinion
founded on what had taken place in open
Senate.
Mr. MORGAN. From the very fact that
the tax is now collected by this bill at the dis-
tillery, I should favor a small tax. The dis-
tilleries are not permitted to bond their whisky ;
but this tax is to be paid at the distillery ware-
house, as will be seen by the first section o'f
this bill:
A tax of fifty cents on each and every proof gal-
lon, to be paid by the distiller, owner, or person hav-
ing pos^estion thereof, before removal from distillery
warehouse.
That makes it necessary, in my judgment,
to have but a moderate tax. I think the Gov-
ernment will obtain far more by the tax of
fifty cents, or sixty cents, as it is with the other
charges 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Sixty-four
or sixty-five.
Mr. MORGAN. Sixty-four or sixty-five
cents, than they would from a higher tax.
Besides, I am sure it would be called very
unjust to certain sections of the country to
require them to pay a tax of a dollar a gallon
without giving them the privilege of bonding.
We do not propose by this bill to allow that
