*28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
January 9,
tilled spirits alone in tliia country. Instead of
that we only collect $23,000,000. If Mr.
Johnson aud Mr. McCulloch will turn these
officers out we can go on and collect this rev-
enue.
1 have said a great deal more than I in-
tended, but I did so because I was catechised
and not because I desired to make a long de-
bate. I yield now for ten minutes to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Mungen.]
Mr. MUNGEN. Mr. Speaker, this debate
has taken a range rather wide of the mark, as
it was started in respect to meters. I shall
confine myself for a few minutes strictly to the
question of the distillation of spirits. It is a
scientific question, and seems not to be gen-
erally understood, because I hear honorable
gentlemen say no meter can be devised by
which the accurate amount of spirits distilled
can be arrived at. I take leave to differ from
them, and if gentlemen will wait a moment I
will endeavor to explain my views of the sub-
ject.
It is acknowledged by nearly all that could
a uniform gravity lor the fermented beer of the
distiller be established and a law enacted tax*
ing the spirit in the beer before distillation it
would overcome most of the perplexing diffi-
culties which now complicate the present sys-
tem. In nearly all countries where there is an
excise law the basis of taxation is the amount
of spirit eliminated in the beer or mash by the
fermentive process. This is ascertained each
day by the excise officer by actual weight and
measurement. Such a course in this country,
however, would be impracticable in conse-
quence of the large number of distilleries and
Che extent of territory. But practical and
scientific distillation show most conclusively
that all distillers expert in their business can
aud do get about a uniform gravity to their
beer. And furthermore, the gravity of beer
does uot depend upon the caprice of the dis-
tiller, as many suppose aud some have errone-
ously and officially stated, but is governed en-
tirely by scientific and natural law ; and as this
seems to be the only objection urged to the
system of taxing the gravity of the beer it may
be well to give -some authorities upon this sub-
ject. It will be understood that alcohol is
formed by the decomposition of sugar through
the process of fermentation, and the error of
supposing that the greater the gravity or amount
of sugar present the greater the yield of spirits
from a given content is what I propose to
show.
It is a fact known to alL that sugar is not
soluble in spirits, and alcohol will prevent the
decomposition or fermentation of sugar; there-
fore, should the distiller increase the density
of his beer so as to get a great quantity, he
would find that the fermentation would entirely
cease when enough of the sugar had been
decomposed to equal about eight per cent, of
alcohol.
Professor Ure, ia his Dictionary of Chemis-
try as applied to Arts, &c., at page 588, says
on this subject:
"Could the alcohol be drawn off as it is formed
tue attenuation would probably become greater,
because the alcohol checks the fermentive action
and eventually stops it before all the sugar is decom-
posed."
Again, at page 697, he says :
"The sugar solution must be sufficiently diluted
with water; when too much concentrated it will
not ferment, and that for a complete fermentive
action one part of sugar should bo dissolved in ten
parts of water. This by our process gives us about
forty-five gallons of water to the bushel."
Dr. Watt, in his Dictionary of Chemistry,
at page 630, says: *
" Fermentation takes place only when the solution
is, sufficiently dilated with water; with less than four
jpints of water to one pint of sugar it takes plaee
imperfectly or not at all; partly, perhaps, because
the resulting alcohol precipitates the nitrogenous
substances, destroys the fermentive power of the
yeast, or renders the liquid unfit for its further devel-
opment. If, on the other hand, the liquid is too
much diluted, the fermentation is slow, irregular,
aud easily passes into the acetous fermentation."
Again, at page 631, he says:
" The action of yeast on sugar is prevented by too
great concentration.of the solution."
Professor Muspratt, ip his work on Chemistry
at page 65, volume 1, gays:
"The quantity of undeeomposed sugar increases
with the original strength of the worts (beer) as the
alcohol generated in the proportionate bulk of those
extracts is larger, and with it the decomposition of
the saccharine matter is partially arrested in conse-
<]uenco of the property which alcohol has of prevent-
ing eremacausis or fermentation."
Again, at page G6, he says:
"With concentrated worts (beer) the fermentation
goes on briskly for a short time, and then, after the
, alcohol has accumulated, the fermentation lags, and
no further addition of yeast will revive it. Hence the
necessity of having tho worts (beer) properly diluted
to avoid too great a waste of saccharine matter; yet
the worts (beer) must not be too dilute, for then the
fermentation will sooner cease, and the diluted alco-
hol will be more apt to run into the acetous fermen-
tation."
Were other evidence of a scientific charac-
ter wanted upon this subject it can be had in
almost every work on chemistry.
In addition to what has already been stated
i we have the practical distillation of this coun-
try to corroborate the foregoing facts.
In some sections of the country it is argued
that only eight quarts are obtained from a
| bushel, while in other sections sixteen quarts
are got; therefore, a tax upon the specific
j gravity would be unjust. This is a specious
I argument, and can have weight only with those
who do not understand the subject. Taxing
1 the gravity is the same as levying a tax per
, bushel upon the amount of grain used. Sup-
j pose, therefore, a tax of eight dollars per
i bushel was levied upon each bushel of corn
! used in distillation, and one distiller should
- make four gallons per bushel and another but
two gallons, it would appear that the one that
made but two gallons paid twice as much into
the revenue as the one that made four gallons
from the same quantity of material; but the
feet is the oae that gets four gallons can only
get from twenty-five to thirty cents per gallon
for his spirits, while the one that makes a fine
whisky and gets no more than two or three
gallons can sell his product for ninety cents
per gallon, and, in reality, makes more money
than his neighbor who gets four gallons.
Each one is furnished with the same quantity
of material. If one prefers making a fine
spirit, and in consequence gets less in quantity
than his neighbor, he is prompted from motives
of policy; and the same rule that governs all
business applies here.
By the sychometer almost the exact gravity
of the beer or wort, as Dr. Watt calls it, can be
ascertained. The laws of nature govern the
question of gravity as well as fermentation.
Spirits are not solvents of sugar. Spirits are
produced by the fermentation of sugar, or
i rather by the saccharine matter contained in
the grain ; and, as before remarked, fermenta-
tion ceases in the mash tub and elsewhere
when the contents approximate eight per cent,
of aleohol—perhaps eight and one tenth per
cent. When it reaches this fermentation
ceases and the residue of the sugar goes into
the swill.
The fine whisky of Kentucky is made by
taking great care in the temperature of the
still. Alcohol boils at 178°, if I mistake not.
By keeping the temperature at that the fusil
oil and other volatile oils do not escape
through the worm. By raising the tempera-
ture to 190° or above, these volatile oils pass
off with the spirits. In the first instance they
get less spirits and pure quality; in the sec-
ond, more and inferior.
Without measures or meters we must trust
entirely to the honesty of the officials; and
judging by past experience, both during the
administration of President Lincoln and Presi-
dent Johnson, it seems we. would have but
little security for the collection of our revenue.
As I said before, this discussion has cer-
tainly taken a range wide of the mark. Why
the wholesale charges by the honorable gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] that the
Johnson men are all thieves, or words to* that
effect ? Why the assertion that the Secretary I
of the Treasury and the President of the
United States appoint thieves, and only thieves, I
to office? This is substantially what he charges.
He does except from his 'weeping charge
of corruption two gentlemen in tne State of Illi-
nois, whom the gentleman states he had recom-
mended. Only two honest men in all! I
presume the honorable gentleman understands
the subject of frauds ; he says he does. But
charges of this kind are the capital stock-in-
trade of the gentloman's party.
Allow me to call attention to the fact that
the men who have been appointed—by hun-
dreds—by the President and rejected by a
Republican Senate are as honest as the two
gentlemen in Illinois before referred to; as
honest and honorable gentlemen as live. Yes,
with all due respect, as honest and honorable
as the gentleman himself, so far as my knowl-
edge goes. It must be admitted that no gen-
tleman in this House makes heavier or graver
charges against all those who belong to the
party with which he once was connected. All
officers thieves! Such a charge is simply
preposterous. The stealings of the "loyal"
Republicans during the first years of Lin-
coln's administration have made an impres-
sion on his mind, and he thinks that the same
thieves are still in office. Well, many of
them are. He talks glibly of "Johnson's
pets ; " why not tell us of the " pets " of Con-
gress, the negroes of the South, whose chil-
dren are educated at public expense, while
the poor friendless orphans whose skin is fair
and white get no favors. The gentleman says
that the frauds in the revenue department are
chargeable to the fact that they are ''John-
son's pets ; " in other words, were appointed,
as he says, within the last fourteen months,
and are, therefore, dishonest.
Why, Mr. Speaker, from my own personal
knowledge I can state that men—honorable,
high-toned gentlemen as ever drew the breath
of life—have been appointed to office by Pres-
ident Johnson and rejected by the Radical
majority in the Senate. In my own district a
brave and gallant soldier, who, at the head
of his regiment, lost his right arm by a ball
from the enemy at the battle of Chickamauga,
was appointed, ©n my recommendation with
that of others, to the position of assessor and
was rejected by the Senate. He was appointed
by President Johnson and he is no thief. He
is a brave and true patriot and no traitor.
The head and front of his offending hath this
extent—no more—he votes against Radical-
ism, and does not think a negro man his
equal, nor a negro woman the equal of his
wife or his aged mother. Nor do I, nor do
hundreds of thousands of men who served
faithfully during the war. The gentlemen on
the other side of the House will find this out,
to their regret. They found it out at the late
elections ; hence their bitterness.
But the gentleman from Illinois tries, some-
what toward the close of his remarks, to excuse
Mr. Rollins from any participation or respon-
sibility in regard to the appointments of rev-
enue officers. Mr. Rollins is at the head of
the Bureau of Internal Revenue, and certainly
exercises a very large influence in the appoint-
ment of his subordinates. Every one knows
this.
More than one year ago gentlemen from
nearly every northern, eastern, and western
State sent a committee or delegation to the
President, asking the removal of Mr. Rollins
and the appointment of Mr. Spooner, of Ohio,
in his place. My belief is that the President
was favorable to the change, but that Mr. Rol-
lins influenced Secretary McCulloch in his own
behalf, or the Secretary voluntarily acted for his
retention. Bethisasitmay, Rollins is still there.
The West, the North, and a portion of the
East, asked, and al most demanded, the removal
of Mr. Rollins. It may be asked why. I am
not one of those gentlemen, like my friend from
Illinois, who indulge in wholesale charges of
corruption or ignorance, (leaving the party
alluded to their choice of the dilemma,) but in
my opinion the best interests of the country
would have been subserved by his resignation
or removal long since. So far as charges of
