2836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. It is, and it
has been recommended by the Commissioner
of the General Land Office. It is only a tem-
porary increase for two years.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have no objection to
the portion of the bill which the gentleman
has explained, if it is the same bill; but I do
not like to see smuggled up in a little land bill
an increase of salary for a large number of per-
sons whose salary, in the judgment of a good
many people, is too large now. I have a great
many letters from persons in my district who
have traveled through these districts asking
whether they could not get these appointments,
as they are valuable and profitable. I hope if
the previous question be called that it will be
voted down: and -then that the whole thing
will be voted down.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. I would myself
prefer to have it confined to the Territories and
States designated. But I must demand the
previous question. I have not time to yield
further.
Mr. WARD. How much is the increase?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. Five hundred
dollars.
Mr. WARD. It applies to all. How much
will it cost the Government annually?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. I do not know
how many registers there are.
Mr. WARD. It must be a very large amount.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask a question.
Is there any particular reason why the increase
should be made in the Territory of Idaho,
more than in the other parts of the United
States? The original bill is confined to one
Territory. Was there a greater reason for the
Commissioner of the General Land Office rec-
ommending an increase in this Territory than
elsewhere ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. There was a
greater reason for making it in these Territories
than in other parts of the United States, but
the Commissioner has recommended it to be
general, and the committee so directed me to
report.
Mr. SCOFIELD. One word. An effort was
made to give the district judges of the United
States an increase of salary of $500. This is
the same amount that those officers get. The
House voted it down very largely. The same
thing was tried in the Senate.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. What judges
get only $500?
Mr. SCOFIELD. District judges get only
$2,500. The gentleman's bill provides that
the whole sum shall not exceed $3,000. He
is asking an increase of $500. A similar in-
crease was asked for the district judges and it
was refused.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to lay the bill on
the table.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over till Tuesday
next in the morning hour.
BOOKS FOR NATIONAL ASYLUMS.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before moving to go into
Committee of the Whole on the tax bill, I ask
unanimous consent to take up from the Speaker's
table the amendment of the Senate to the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 278) to supply books
and public documents to the national asylums
for disabled volunteer soldiers, for the pur-
pose of concurring in the amendment.
The amendment of the Senate was reported,
toinsertafterthe word " Wisconsin " the words
'■and the soldiers' homeatKnightstown Spring,
near Knightstown, in Indiana."
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was concurred
in; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADMISSION OF ARKANSAS.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I report
back from the Committee on Reconstruction
the amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 1022) to admit the State of Arkansas
to representation in Congress. I move that
the House non-concur in the amendments of
the Senate, and ask for a committee of con-
ference.
The motion was agreed to. ^ j
INTERNAL TAX BILL. \f
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and resume the consideration of
the internal tax bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the etate of the Union, (Mr.
Pomeroy in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being the bill
(H. R. No. 1060) to reduce into one act and to
amend the laws relating to internal taxes.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all general debate will be closed in an hour
and a half. The gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Maynaed] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. I yield tea minutes to
my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Miller.]
Mr. MILLER. Mr. Chairman, it cannot be
expected that for the short time allotted me
that I could enter fully upon the discussion of
the bill now under consideration, containing
two hundred and eighty-nine sections. I may
say here that the Committee of Ways and
Means deserve the thanks of this House and
the country for the able manner in which they
have presented the subject of raising the inter-
nal revenue. The laws on that subject had
become complicated, and this bill digests the
whole subject-matter in as narrow a compass
as can well be done. There are some taxation
in this bill that I think is too high ; on that,
however, I may have something to say when
the bill is read for amendment. I am aware
that a bill of the length and magnitude of the
one before the House imposes a heavy task
upon members to examine it in detail. We
are much enlightened from the chairman [Mr.
Schexck] by the able exposition he gave in
the opening speech. The bill remodels the
revenue department, and dispenses with many
useless officers that have been detrimental to
an honest assessment and collection of the
revenue.
This bill. Mr. Chairman, I am happy to say,
in a great measure exempts all the industrial
interests of our country from taxation and
confines it to what-is denominated luxuries;
and I trust by next session we can entirely dis-
pense with income tax ; and I understand such
is the opinion of the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. The main subject of
taxation that will demand the serious consid-
eration of this House is that to be imposed on
distilled spirits and tobacco. The frauds com-
mitted upon the collection of the revenue have
been astounding. The amount of spirits dis-
tilled annually is diflicultto ascertain; someesti-
mate it at one hundred million gallons, and
others from that down to fifty or sixty millions,
but that it is more than double the quantity that
meets taxation no one can doubt, while it
must be conceded enormous frauds are com-
mitted. I have no hesitation in saying that
I believe Mr. McCulloch, the Secretary of the
Treasury, to be an honest man, and deeply
deplores the failure to collect the revenue on
whisky; as for Mr. Rollins, the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, no more upright man
lives. But the fault lies with the subordinates
who become connected with what is denomin-
ated 11 tlie whisky ring," for in that traffic, in
many places, bribery and perjury are rife. The j j
report of our worthy Commissioner of Inter- ||
nal Revenue (Mr. Rollins) says the revenue |l
collected on distilled spirits— jj
l?orlS65was 06 H
For 1860 was  29,195,578 15
i'or 18t>7 was    2S,2ytj,2ol 31^ J j
It may be proper to state that for the first six 11
months of the year 1865 the tax was $1 50 per
gallon, and afterward raised to two dollars per
gallon. The expense of collecting the internal
revenue for the year 1800 was $7,689,700 46,
aaa. for the year 1867, $7,712,089 02. It is, io
thy opinion, fair to presume that it cost the
Government in the neighborhood of three mil-
lion per annum to collect the whisky tax ; and
from the information we have received the
whole amount of revenue collected the present
year from tax on whisky will be but a little
over thirteen million dollars, and deducting
from that $3,000,000 for its collection, leaves
but $10,000,000 realized from the vast amount
of whisky manufactured in this country, even
at a tax of two dollars per gallon; and the
question for Congress to determine is, how
are these alarming frauds to be checked? I
think, Mr. Chairman, the remodeling of the
internal revenue department, as proposed by
the bill before us, will aid somewhat in rem-
edying the evil. That a change should be made
in many cases of those who have charge of
the collection of the revenue no person can
doubt, as some of them, it is evident, are dis-
honest, and have aided in defrauding the Gov-
ernment, and become wealthy upon a small
salary, evidently by connivance with the whisky
ring.
These fraudulent officers are mainly confined
to cities and large manufacturing establish-
ments, for the small establishments in the coun-
try generally pay their taxes honestly, and are
are watched more zealously by Government
employes than large manufacturing establish-
ments, where immense frauds are committed.
The Secretary of the Treasury, though, as I have
already said, an honest man, has committed
many errors in not removing such officers : but
I admit the course of the President, to whom
such incompetent and dishonest officers appeal,
professing to be his ardent friends, places the
Secretary in an awkward position, as it is
well known President Johnson will favor the
appointment of almost any person who pro-
fesses to be unfavorable to the congressional
policy ; hence one reason why the Government
has been defrauded out of so much revenue,
by keeping dishonest men in office. There is
another and important question as to the pre-
vention of frauds, and that is whether or not the
tax on whisky is too high ; and if reduced,
whether more revenue could not be collected
from that article, (whisky.)
I find, Mr. Chairman, that the tax of Prussia
is now nine and three quarter cents per gallon ;
of Austria a little more than twelve cents per
gallon; and of France about ninety cents per
gallon. On the other hand, Great Britain im-
poses a duty of ten shillings per imperial gal-
lon, about the present tax of this country; and
Russia raises an immense revenue, monopo-
lizing its manufacture and sale, selling the
privilege of dealing in, and reserving to itself
the right of distilling all domestic liquors and
supplying dealers at a fixed rate. This latter
mode of procedure would not likely work well
in the hands of our Government, and besides,
would be incompatible with our institutions.
We must, therefore, intrust the manufacturing
interest to our citizens. We have, perhaps,
more difficulty in collecting such taxes than in
monarchical Governments, where the people
are held more in subjection. Two dollars of a
tax oil a gallon of whisky is certainly dispro-
poitionate, as the cost of making mav be put
down at thirty cents, and I have no doubt such
a glaring disproportion in taxation is in some
measure the cause of so much dishonesty in
evading the due execution of the revenue laws,
demoralizes the manufacturer, and by conni-
vance with the Government officers loads them
into the same paths of dishonesty, and al! to-
gether become rich by robbing the Government
out of its just dues. It may lie conceded that
as a beverage it would be better for the nation
if the traffic of liquor could be dispensed with,
but experience has shown that that desirable
object cannot be accomplished by stringent
laws, and the only way to dispense with the use
