1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1813
of the Senate on the amendment to House
joint resolution No. 19,
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of War,
communicating, in compliance with the acts of
April 21, 1808, and July 17, 1862, statements
of contracts made by the quartermaster's de-
partment during the month of February, 1868,
and of those not received in time to be included
in previous reports; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
and ordered to be printed.
executive session.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 11, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
captain thomas ii. stevens.
Mr. FERRY, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Naval
Affairs a joint resolution (H. R. No. 172) rel-
ative to Captain Thomas H. Stevens, United
States Navy; which was ordered to be printed,
and recommitted.
Mr. CHANLER moved toreconsiderthe vote
by which the bill was recommitted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pension appropriation bill.
Mr. BUTLER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to report back the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 678) making appropriations for the pay-
ment of invalid and other pensions of the
United States for the year ending June 30,
1869, with a recommendation that the House
non-concur in the amendments, and ask the
appointment of a committee of conference.
"The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the amendments of the Senate will be non-
concurred in, and a committee of conference
will be asked.
There was no objection.
vote on constitution 01 alabama.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following communication
from the General commanding the armies of the
United States:
Headquaeters Akmy of the United States,
Washington, March 11,1868.
Sir : In compliance with resolution of the House
of Representatives of March 9,1868,1 have the honor
to state that General Meade reports the total num-
ber of votes cast under the reconstruction laws up to
the present time for the adoption of the constitution
for the State of Alabama to bo 70,812; against its
adoption, 1,005.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
U. S. GRANT, General.
Hon. Schuylek Colfax, Speaker House of Repre-
sentatives.
The communication was referred to the
Committee on Reconstruction.
improvement 01? christiana river.
Mr. NICHOLSON, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported back a memorial of
the city council of Wilmington, Delaware, for
an appropriation for the improvement, of Chris-
tiana river, and moved its reference to the
Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Fokney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed the bill (II. R. No. 785) to revive an
act to constitute Hannibal, Missouri, and Peo-
ria, Illinois, ports of delivery.
Also, that the Senate had passed the bill
(H. R. No. 331) to facilitate the payment of
soldiers' bounties under" act of 1866, with an
amendment, in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
And also that the Senate had passed the
bill (H. R. No. 718) making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of
the Government for the year ending 30th June,
1869, and for other purposes, with amendments,
in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House.
continuance op freedmen's bureau.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
during the morning hour is the consideration
of House bill No. 598, to continue the Bureau
for the Relief of Freedmen and Refugees, and
for other purposes, which was pending at the
expiration of the morning hour yesterday.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, before proceed-
ing to discuss this bill, 1 move to recommit it
to the committee.
In presenting this bill for the consideration
of tlie House I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Freedmen's Affairs to state in the outset
that its passage will involve no appropriation
of money from the Treasury. The affairs of
the bureau have been conducted with such
good judgment and economy since the time
when General Howard entered upon the dis-
charge of his duties that there is now a suffi-
cient fund in his hands from the moneys here-
tofore appropriated 
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of
order. Has this bill been reported at the
Clerk's desk?
The SPEAKER. It was reported yester-
day, the reading of the bill being closed just
as the morning hour expired.
Mr. HOLMAN. Should not this bill prop-
erly go to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. That point of order is
raised too late; but the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Euoi] has just stated that
the bill involves no appropriation of money.
Mr. KERR. I desire to inquire of the Chair
whether the third section of this bill does not
make it an appropriation bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has just stated,
in reply to the gentleman's colleague, [Mr.
Holman,] that the point of order is made too
late, at any rate, as the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Eliot] has commenced his
speech.
Mr. KERR. The third section certainly does
make an appropriation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer
the gentleman. This is not an appropriation
bill, because it only makes provision for the
expenditure of unexpended balances of money
heretofore appropriated by appropriation bills.
The bill is not an appropriation bill within the
contemplation of the rules.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker. I was saying
that the passage of this bill will call for no ap-
propriation ; that the funds already on hand in
charge of the Department will be sufficient,
with economical management, to enable the
Commissioner to carry into effect the law
during the term for which it will be extended
if this bill shall pass, and I desire our friends
to take notice of this fact. I do not pro-
pose, Mr. Speaker to leave the question of
expense at this point. Ever since this bureau
went into operation it has been the subject of
attack throughout the southern States, and
throughout the northern States, by men who
were in sympathy with its enemies in the rebel
territories, on the score of its expense. Notthat
alone. There has been no agency of this
Government since the first blow was struck at
treason which lias brought upon itself so much,
malevolence and vindictive opposition on the
part of its opponents. It has never from the
time the bill was first enacted into law until
this hour been defended on the floor of this
House; and I give gentlemen on the other
side notice I propose to defend it here and now,
and to show by figures and from the books that
the charge made against the bureau restsupon
no foundation in fact.
Mr. Speaker, when I was in discharge of the
duty imposed upon me last winter in the south-
ern States I had occasion to observe the feel-
ing which existed on the part of those who
were opposed to this bureau. The loyalty of
men at the South might be gauged safely enough
and tested by the feelings and opinions which
they entertained and expressed in regard to
this bureau. There has been no instrument of
the Government so hated as this. There has
been none which protected loyal men, whether
white or black, as this Freedmen's Bureau has
done ; and because it has protected them, and
because it has aided the Government in its
work of restoration, because it has furnished
to these men who had been slaves and had been
made free by the war, a reasonable sh)ire of pro-
tection from their enemies, it has been assailed
with a vindictivencss which is unparalleled in
the history of legislation in this country.
The war upon the'bureau was begun by the
President, andit has been continued, following
in the line of his attack, by those who have been
his friends and supporters. Statements have
been put forth to the country officially and
semi-officially calculated, so far as those state-
ments could, to destroy the confidence of loyal
men in the legislation which enacted this bill
and in the bureau itself which was established
under it.
I propose to call the attention of the House
to some of those statements, in order that, hav-
ing shown them, I may more fitly contrast them
with the facts.
The Freedmen's Bureau bill was passed in
March, 18G5. It was extended, continued, and
its powers enlarged by subsequent legislation.
The second law encountered the veto of the
President, and in the course of that veto this
language will be found:
"The appointment of an agent for every county
and parish will create an immense patronage, and
the expense of the numerous officers and their clerks,
to be appointed by tlioPresident, willbogreatintho
beginning, with a tendeneysteadilytoincrease. Ttie
appropriations asked by tho Freedmen's Bureau, as
now established for the year 1860, amount to $11,745,-
000. It may be safely estimated that tho cost to be
incurred under the pending bill will leguire double
that amount, more than tho entire sum expended in
any one year under the administration of the second
Adams.''
That was the first official statement which
came from the President. You remember,
Mr. Speaker, sometime in the summer of 1866,
there was a convention at the city of Philadel-
phia, composed of gentlemen of great respect-
ability from the North and the South. The
North and South interlocked arras and inter-
changed sympathies. It was a convention of
political leaders which had no political party
behind them. It was a heavy-hearted assem-
blage, the leaders without a party, political
Rachels, worthy enough, but mourning because
their children were not. You recollect a com-
mittee was appointed to wait upon tho Presi-
dent. That committee discharged its duty.
They tendered to him their congratulations
and they received from him a reply, and in the
course of that reply the President stated as
follows:
" If I had wanted authority, or if I had wished to
perpetuate my own power, how easily could I have
held and wielded that which was placed m my hands
by the muusuie callcd the Freedmen's Bureau bill.
With an army, which it placed at my discretion, I
could have remained at tho capital of the nation,
and with fifty or sixty millions of appropriations at
my disposal, with the machinery to he unlocked by
my own hands, with uiy satraps and dependants in
every town and village, with tho civil rights bill fol-
lowing as an auxiliary, and with the patronage and
other appliances of the Government, I could have
proclaimed myself dictator."
Well, sir, soon after the President left the
city on a tour of observation through the West,
and when he had reached the city of Cleveland,
Ohio, in the course of some remarks to the
people there on the subject of the Freedmen's
Bureau, ho said:
"The costof tbis[Freedmen'sBureau]tothepeople
was $12,000,000 at the beginning,"
That, sir, is an untruth; the cost was not
$11!,000,000 at the beginning. Indeed, the
