18fiS.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBES8IONAL GLOBE.
313
40th Coxa....2d Ses$.
Impeachment— Mr. JPmyn.
Ho. of Heps.
the officers of the Government, is bound by his
oath of office ''to preserve, protect, and de-
fend the Constitution of the United States,"
to be judged harshly for seeking to enforce
respect to that instrument?
In further answer to the denial that the Presi-
dent ever made removals from office while the
Senate was in session, [ have to say that he not
only uniformly made such removals, but that no
other person or body did. The Senate never
made them, or gave their " advice and consent"
to any removal, and no record of the kind will,
I venture to say, be found on the Journals of
the Senate.
I will now read copies, from an official source,
of messages sent by several of the Presidents
to the Senate on making nominations to office.
The first will be one of John Adams. Itis as
follows:
Gentlemen of the Senate-.
X nominate Hon. John Marshall, esq., of Virginia,
to be Secretary of Stato in the place of lion. Tim-
othy Pickering, esq., removed.
JOHN ADAMS.
Uxited States, May 12,1800.
Mark the language—" removed," not" to be
removed," or '• whose removal! recommend "
—-no separate writ of supersedeas may have
actually issued, but the right to do so existed
and it might have been issued. It was only a
question between the President and the incum-
bent whether this should be done or whether
the new commission should, when presented,
operate as the.1supersedeas. Mr. Webster stated,
in the discussion before referred to, that a notice
might, be given by the President that the re-
moval would take place on a certain day, which
is no less a removal than the same act would
be on a later or an earlier day.
1 give a message by President Taylor, omit-
ting the names:
Executive Office, December 13,1S19.
To the Senate of the United State? :
I Humiliate to be martini of the Uii-
ttil States tor , in place of , removed.
Z. TAYLOR.
' I give another:
To the S-'nate of the United State?
T hereby nominate 
master at  , in place of 
incumbent, removed. FRANKLIN PIERCE.
Washington, 1?> February, 1858.
One more, and I have done :
Washington, ilorchlS, 1S61.
To the Senate of the United States :
X nominate—— -to bo collector of the cus-
toms for the district of  . in the place of 
to be deputy post-
 -, the present
removed,
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
These examples might be multiplied almost
ii>d"f iiiteiy from the tiles of the Senate, as all
the occupants of the presidential office have
pursued a uniform course in this respect.
Let me also refer the House to the language
of the commissions issued to the heads of
Departments, diplomatic and consular officers,
attorneys, marshals, and manyother officers of
Government, from General asliingioj^s day
down to the passage of the teuure-ofoliice act.
The party is appointed (to office, and such i-s
the commission Mr. Stanton holds,) -'during
the pleasure of the Piesident ot the United
States for the time being." How could lan-
guage show more conclusively that the Presi-
dent may at any time remove from office ?
There isa strong case on record (and more
may, 1 presume, be found) in which the Pres-
ident made an absolute removal from office dur-
ing the sitting of the Seriate and without even
miming any successor till a long time after-
ward. I refer to the case of a former post-
master at New York. The facts are set forth
in Executive Document No. 91 of the House
of Representatives, first session of the Thirty-
Sixth Congress. The postmaster at New York
was believed to be a defaulter, and he was
promptly removed by an order, in the nature
of a i upersedeas, issued by PresidentBuchanan,
on the 10th of May, 18-39, without any com-
munication with the Senate. The present
Judge Holt was then Postmaster General,
and seems to have taken the entire direction
of the matter. Congress remained in session
till the 25th June, but no nomination to the
vacant office was made by the President up to
that time. It may be said that the public
funds were in jeopardy, and the President i
was therefore bound to make the removal. 1
But it is clear that this of itself would afford
no apology for an act unwarranted by the Con-
stitution. The question was one of povjer;
he either had or had not the power, and the
exercise of it, in the case referred to, was of
such marked notoriety, that had there been
any person in the land disposed to question
it the objection would certainly have been
made.
Mr. Madison's views on this subject were
freely expressed in his later days, and after his
long experience of the operations of the Gov-
ernment were entirely in conformity with those
he entertained in 1789. They will be found in
his letter to John M. Pattou, dated March 28,
1834.
In a letter to Mr. Coles, of October 15, 1834,
he said, page 404:
"The claim on constitutional ground to a share (by
the Senate) in the removal, as well as appointment
of officers, is in direct opposition to the uniform
practice of the Government from its commencement.
It is clear that the innovation would not only vaiy
essentially the existing balance of power, but expose
the Executive occasionally to a total inaction, and at
all times to delays fatal to the due execution of the
laws."
General Jackson's views were given on his
protest to the Senate of April 15, 1834. I
present brief extracts from this document;
"The whole executive jiowcr being vested in the
President, who is responsible for its exercise, it is a
lieces:ai> consequence that he should have a light to
employ agents of his own choice to aid him in the
pcrtormance of his duties and to discharge them
when he is no longer willing lo be responsible for
their acts. In strict accordance with this principle
the power of removal, which, like that ot appoint-
ment, is an original executive power, is lotL un-
checked by the Constitution ill I elation to all execu-
tive officers, for whose conduct the President is
responsible, while it is taken from him in relation to
judicial officers, lor whose acts he is not responsible."
After having referred to the debate in the
Congress of 1789, he said:
"Here, then, we have the concurrent authority of
President Washington, oi the Senate, and the House
of Repiesentatives, numbers of whom had taken an
active part in the Convention which framed the Con-
stitution, andinthoStateconventionswhich adopted
it, that the President derived an unqualified power
of removal from that instrument iuelf, which is
beyond the reach of legislative authority. Upon this
principle the Government has now been steadily ad-
ministered for about forty-live years, during which
thcio have been numerous removals made by the
President, or by his direct ion, embracing every grade
ot executive officers trom the heads of Departments
to the messengers of bureaus."
This question has also been passed upon by
the judiciary, and I ref'ei to this very briefly.
1 n the case of Ilennen, reported in 13 Peters'
Supreme* Court Reports, page 2 >9, the Supreme
Coui t of the United States fully recognized the
doctrine established by the Congress of 1789.
and we thus have a substantial agreement on
this subject between all branches of the Gov-
ernment, for the long period of seventy-eight
years, from 1789 to 1807.
I have thus, I think, established the state-
ment made in the outset—that the chairman of
the committee, Mr. Stevioxs, is entirely wrong
in claiming that the President never removed
from office during the sitting of the Senate un-
less with the consent of the Senate—and have
shown that the Presidentalone makes removals,
the Senate taking no part whatever in them,
but only approving or rejecting nominations
to Jill offices which the President may send to
;j them, and that this will be proved by reference
ij to the Journals of the Senate. If 1 am wrong in
j! my position it is due to the importance of the
! subject that the committee should, before this
ij discussion closes, state the facts on which tliey
], base their extraordinary statement,
i; We now come to a change in the policy of
i: Congress by the passage of the tenuie-of-
office act in 1867. The first clause of that
act provided—
"That every person holding any civil office to
which he has been appointed by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, and every person who
shall hereafter be appointed to any such office and
shall become duly qualified to act therein, is, and
shall be, entitled to hold such office until a successor
shall have been in like manner appointed and duly
qualified, except as herein otherwise provided : Pro-
vided, That tho Secretaries ofSiato, of the Treasury,
of War, of the Navy, and of tho Interior, the Post-
master General, and the Attorney General, shall
bold their offices respectively for and during tho
termof tho President by whom they may bave been
appointed, and for one month thereafter^ subject to
removal by and with the advice and consent of tho
Senate."
This act was passed after a long debate in
both Houses, especially in the Senate, and
was met by a veto message from President
Johnson, sent to the Senate on the 2d of March,
1887, in which he reviewed the history of the
executive power of removal with great clear-
ness and ability, and contended that the pro-
posed statute would be a violation of the Con-
stitution as it had been understood and acted
upon by all the departments of Government
since 1789. The bill, notwithstanding the veto,
became a law by a two-thirds vote of both
Houses of Congress, and it thus stands on the
statute-book.
As Mr. Stanton, the Secretary of War, had
been appointed by Mr. Lincoln, and held his
office without any new commission having been
issued to him by President Johnson, the latter
claimed that Mr. Stanton's case was within the
very terms of the proviso in the act of 1867,
and deeming that, the public interests required
a change in the War Department he suspended
Mr. Stanton from office (after his refusal to
resign) on the 12th of August, 1867, and
appointed General Grant Secretary of War aJ
interim.
It has been caid that the proviso in the tenure-
of-<itlice act does not cover the case of Mr.
Stanton, for the alleged reason that Mr. John-
son is' serving out the " term" of office of Mr.
Lincoln. That this construction does not meet
the spirit of the proviso, by which it was clearly
intended that the President should always have
a Cabinet of his own choice, is so clear to every
candid mind that it does not admit of question.
It is entirely inconsistent with the discussion
had in Congress, where no such forced con-
struction was hinted at. The Constitution says
of the President, "he shall hold his office
during a term of four years." The office and
the term, be it more or less, evidently and of
necessity go together. Can it be said of any
man that lie holds a term of office after death?
Or of any person that he holds an office, and
that if is the "term" of a person who is doad ?
Thai it would have been the term of such other
person had he lived is quite true, but death
scveied his connection with all earthly things.
The ''term" is no longer his. Whatever was
left of it pa^cd to his successor.
If the discussion referred to be carefully ex-
amined it will be seen that several Republican
Senators stated unhesitatingly that the act was
not a party measure; that they desired to re-
spect the office and the rights of the President;
that they took it for grained that no person
j fit to occupy the position of a Cabinet minister
| would hold the place when his relations were
I unfriendly and hostile to the President, and
| also that they considered it important that
: fiiere should be a cordiality of feeling and an
! agreement as to matters of State policy betwee i
i the President and those who are his confiden
: tial advisers. (See the remarks in the Con-
; gressorial Globe of 1800-07, of Senators
Howe. I-'f.ssexdex. Edmunds, Shebmax, Wij.-
; mams, tnrioiull, and others. I have no time
to read them, and can only refer to them.)
I The idea that the act could be so construed as
to place it beyond the power of President
Johnsonto remove members of his Cabinet,
not appointed by him, is entirely at variance
I with the views expressed during the uiscus-
1 sion, and if we are to believe, as I do, what
