48a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
January 9,
want another commission, to be composed of
men whom they propose to nominate to the
Secretary of the Treasury. That certainly is
an anomaly. They say that the Secretary of
the Treasury is not to be trusted in the matter
of appointments to offi<^; but they can trust
him to appoint the members of this commis-
sion, because he nas promised the Committee
of Ways and Means that he will appoint the
men they suggest to him.
The Committee of Ways and Means have
the power to subpoena before them for exam-
ination these very men whom they propose to
ask the Secretary of the Treasury to appoint
upon this commission. Then why ask the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to appoint them, when
the Committee of Ways and Means have the
power to subpoena them before them, can show
them all the meters that have been made, and
can let them see them in operation ? If they
want any information from these men they have
it in their power to obtain it without author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to pay an
unlimited amount, if he chooses, for.the pur-
pose of defraying the expenses of this commis-
sion.
Hence it is that I desire to say right here that
in my judgment there is no necessity for the
appointment of this commission, because all
the information which they seek to gain from
these men they can gain by subpoenaing them'
to come before them in their committee-room
as witnesses.
This is a dangerous expedient. That is all
the suggestion 1 wish to make upon this joint
resolution.
I wish, however, since there has been so
much travel outside of the record in the attack
which has been made upon the Metropolitan
Board of Revenue of the city of New Y ork, to
say in defense of the members of that board,
who are high-toned gentlemen, that from the
passage of this law until this time frauds have
been increasing, and that without any fault
on the part of the Metropolitan Board of In-
ternal Revenue in New York. They have
closed nearly all the distilleries in New York
and Brooklyn. But you might stop altogether
the manufacture of whisky there, and yet the
door is open for the commission of fraud
under the existing law. The gentleman rep-
resenting the Committee of Ways and Means
says that we have just passed a bill which
will prevent much of this fraud. I venture
the prediction that, notwithstanding this meas-
ure to abolish the warehouse system, whisky
two weeks from to-day will not have advanced
ten cents on the gallon in the city of New
York. Congress has been endeavoring to pre-
vent frauds upon the revenue by mere expe-
dients, when it should go to the foot of the
matter and make a radical change. The
whisky interest is more powerful than any
commission that can be appointed. When you
passed a law providing for a tax of two dollars
a gallon on whisky it was like a rope of sand
to these men. Then the department adopted
a regulation that there should be no sale of
whisky without a tax-receipt showing that the
tax had been paid. We all know to what this
regulation amounted in practice. Now you
have adopted this expedient of shutting up the
bonded warehouses in the city of New York.
The result will be that the price of whisky will
not advance ten cents on the gallon. But the
members of the revenue board are not respon-
sible for anything of this kind. They nave
been vigilant and earnest in the discharge of
their duty. There was one bond taken—only
one—that proved to be fraudulent; and the
individual who passed that bond is no longer a
member of the revenue board.
_ I felt it my duty to say this much in vindica-
tion of the Metropolitan Revenue Board in the
city of New York. That board has not been
abre to prevent frauds. It is impossible for
anybody to do that under the present law.
The fault is not with the Metropolitan Revenue
Board: it is in the law itself.
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman will allow
me, I wish to make a single remark. My state-
ment about the Metropolitan Revenue Board
was that its members were not all exempt from
these charges; nor are they. I say to the
gentleman in all kindness that he is mistaken
about the bonds. I say that there are cases in
New York in which bonds have been given
with men of straw for bail, one man signing in
eleven different names eleven bonds amounting
to more than a million dollars. One member
of that Metropolitan Board was cognizant of
the fact in regard to two of those bonds, if uot
more. That is only one case. There are sev-
eral men whom I could name in the city of
New York, known as "Bond & Brothers,"'
who Lave engaged in this business of acting as
straw bail, and who have given, in addition to
these eleven bonds, numerous other bonds that
have been approved by your collectors or other
officers there—I do not know whether they
have been approved by the Metropolitan Board;
and hundreds of thousands of dollars' worth of
liquor has been taken out of the bonded ware-
houses and removed, the bonds being worthless,
the names upon them fictitious, and known to
be such by the men who took the bonds. The
man who stands up here to defend these men
does not know what he is doing.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Mr. Speaker, I believe I
know what I say in regard to this matter. I have
made probably as thorough an investigation
of this subject as the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Logan.] That these frauds exist is true.
That the number of fraudulent bonds which
the gentleman mentions, and more, have been
taken in the city of New York there is no
doubt; but it was done before the Metropolitan
Revenue Board was created.
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir.
Mr. VAN WYCK. One object of creating
the Metropolitan Revenue Board was to pre-
vent the taking of the fraudulent bonds by col-
lectors, either innocently or criminally. I
speak of what I know.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman will allow
me to correct him. I am sorry to take issue
with the gentleman, but I state it as a fact that
a majority, or at least a portion, of these bonds
have been taken since the creation of the
Metropolitan Revenue Board, and some of
them with the knowledge of a portion of that
board at the time the bonds were taken. I state
this as a fact.
Mr. VAN WYCK. One bond has been taken
and passed by the revenue board at the sug-
gestion of one of the members of the board
who does not now belong to it.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to ask my colleague
a question, and it is, whether he does not know,
simultaneously with the establishment of that
revenue board by the Treasury Department the
Department issued an order to the collectors
and assessors that before any bond should be
offered it should be passed upon after two
examinations by the revenue board established
in New York.
Mr. VAN WYCK. That is so.
Mr. WOOD. No bond has been approved
except by the official sanction of that board
itself, and consequently every one of these
fraudulent bonds to which the gentleman from
Illinois has alluded, every one of them which
has been approved and taken by any collector
in that district has been approved after due
examination by that board in its official capa-
city under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I see the difficulty.
Mr. WOOD. I ask my colleague whether
I have not stated the fact.
Mr. VAN WYCK. The difficulty is here,
Mr. Speaker, the great majority and nearly all
these fraudulent bonds were taken by the collect-
ors in the city of New York before this Metro-
Eolitan Revenue Board was established and
efore this was made one of the duties devolv-
ing upon it. The regulations provided it should
examine carefully in regard to the goodness of
sureties. The bonds in the eighth and ninth
and in the Brooklyn district were taken before
the creation of the board. One bond was
passed by the board by a gentleman who went
from Washington city by which the Govern-
ment was cheated out of $500,000. That, was
passed on the recommendation of one of the
members of the board who is a member no
longer.
I feel it necessary to say this in justice to
those men who have been faithful in the dis-
charge of their duty. It is impossible for them,
it is impossible for the Government to prevent
these frauds. My colleague knows that if every
distillery in New York were shut up still these
frauds would prevail in other sections of the
country. The New York merchants would fill
their orders by sending to Philadelphia.
I have said what I have to say in the present-
ation of my views on this resolution.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask the gentleman to
let me offer a resolution pertinent to this
inquiry.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I will hear it.
The Clerk read as follows:
lleaolvd. That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby directed to inform this House the number of
revenue inspectors and special Treasury agents now
in the employ of the Government, and by whom they
were appointed, and upon whose recommendation;
and if any of them were appointed on the indorse-
ment or recommendation of the present Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue state how many; and if
any were appointed without the indorsement or rec-
ommendation of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue state how many, and upon whose recommenda-
tion they were appointed and by whom appointed.
Mr. PILE. My resolution covered all that
ground.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I yield now to the gen-
tleman from Indiana for ten minutes. -
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, as I have
but ten minutes allotted to me it is impossible
for me to enter into the general discussion of
all the points raised by the various gentlemen
that have preceded me. I shall therefore con-
fine the few remarks that I have to make to
the resolution offered by the honorable gentle
man from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] and questions
that naturally connect themselves therewith.
That part of the resolution preventing any
further contracts being made or entered into
for the manufacture of meters I am in favor of,
and that part of the resolution which provides
for the appointment of a commission of five to
thoroughly examine and report as to the utility
of meters I oppose. The last eighteen months'
use of meters in connection with distilleries
thoroughly satisfies me with their utility in the
preventing of whisky frauds. I want it under-
stood that I am utterly and thoroughly opposed
to all meters and "other contrivances used about
distilleries for the purpose of measuring the
amount of spirits manufactured there within
any given time. What does or can a meter
amount to in measuring spirits unless the
officer in charge of it is an honest man and
will deal fairly with the Government? There is
the great defect in our present internal revenue
system so far as collecting the whisky tax is
concerned; we have to depend upon the hon esty
of such men as the present Administration
is pleased to give us, who so far, under all
the penalties that we hive been able to enact,
and all the solemn oaths we could prescribe,
together with the use of meters, secret agents,
detectives, metropolitan board, and almost
every other contrivance that human ingenuity
could invent, still with all these, we have not
beeen able to collect more than twenty cents
upon the gallon of'whisky out of a tax of two
dollars assessed upon each gallon.
Why is this, Mr. Speaker ? I answer because
of the corruption of our officials who have
control of that branch of the revenue. How
can meters make those officials honest when
the meters are under their control? If the
meter could be used successfully to measure
the honesty of the officials instead of the
whisky I might be. induced to favor the whole
of the resolution; but as the meter is nothing
but a machine in the hands of a dishonest
man, its measurement to be controlled entirely
by his honesty and not by its own action, I see
