ili
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Ma y 14,
Ho. of Eeps.
Admission of Southern States—Mr. Paine.
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
many honorable Senators said as to their, mo-
tives, no such tiling was thought of or intended.
With a sincere desire, as it seems to me, to
avoid any collision or question with Congress,
the President submitted to t.he Senate by his
message of the 12th December, 1867, all the
papers connected with the removal of Mr.
Stanton, and a statement of the reasons which
led him to the performance of that duty. In
this document the President stated that when
the tenure-of-office bill was before him he
consulted his Cabinet in regard to it, and that
every member of that body advised him that
the law was unconstitutional—the condemna-
tion of Mr. Stanton being "the most elab-
orate and emphatic." He referred, as the
President states, " to all the arguments on
the subject, and added the weight of his own
deliberate judgment, and advised me that it
was my duty to defend the power of the Presi-
dent from usurpation, and to veto the law."
The Senate did not agree with the President as
to the sufficiency of liis reasons for suspending
Mr. Stanton and he was consequently reinstated
in office. _ Haying failed to secure Mr. Stanton's
removal in this way, and Mr. Stan!on not hav-
ing resigned, as some of his friends expected
him to do, the President, treating the tenure-
of-ofSce act as unconstitutional, removed him
absolutely under his constitutional executive
authority, and, under the act of 1795, designated
Adjutant General Thomas Secretary of War
ad interim, and there the matter now stands,
Mr. Stanton having refused to surrender the
office to General Thomas. The Senate, having
been informed of this action,thereupon adopted
the resolutions of disapproval to which 1 before
referred. Por this actof removal it is proposed
that this House do now impeach the President.
President Johnson stands before you charged
with no offense against good morals, with no
waul oi personal or official integrity or C/ipa-
eity, with no inattention to or neglect of duty,
but simply with having ventured to differ from
Congress as to the constitutionality of the
tenure-of-office act, a difference which all the
facts show was a conscientious one, and hav-
ing acted accordingly.
in his construction of this act he is sup-
ported, as I hope I have already shown, by the
uniform course of all departments of the Gov-
ernment from 1789 to 1807 ; and in the debate
in the Senate on the act of 1867 it was admit-
ted 1jy some of the friends of the bill, and
claimed by all its opponents, that its constitu-
tionality would be questioned and disputed.
That the President was bound by his oath of
office, of such marked significance, to defend
liis power from usurpation, and to veto the
law was particularly urged upon him by Mr.
Stanton, who still claims the administration
of the War Office.
Is the President of the United States for
such a cause and under such circumstances to
be impeached? Are ive to resort to this ex-
traordinary remedy, one which would draw
upon us the comments of the world, because
Congress and the President differ as to the
constitutionality of a certain statute, when the
Supreme Court could in a few weeks hear and
finally dispose of the question ? What is the
world to think of constitutional government,
when he who has been specially chosen to
maintain it is struck down by the House ©f
.representatives while gallantly standing up in
its defense?
Some gentlemen may consider this a very
pleasant political episode, and think it will
work out well for party purposes. But let me
warn them that years hence, this thing, if
now accomplished, will return to shame and
to plague them. Impeachment, if it now suc-
ceed, will become a favorite political remedy
for a strong legislative majority in many of
our State Legislatures, when the greater part
of them happen to differ from their executive
on public matters, and otice taught how the
power is to bo used the use will not readily
be abandoned. Like some burden once im-
posed for some alleged temporary purpose,
it is easily fastened upon community, while
y®ars pt effort are necessary to remove it.
What is the end to be gained? The decision,
if adverse to the President in this- case, will
not settle the law as to other incumbents of
the executive office. The question will still
remain to be settled in the future. Shouldthe
Senate find the President guilty of a violation
of the law, they surely would not undertake to
remove him from office for venturing to differ
from Congress on a doubtful question of law.
'Ibis would virtually be claiming infallibility
for themselves. I am quite aware that there
are persons who look upon this question as
more of apolitical than a judicial question, but
I ani sure that the large number of gentlemen
of high character in the Senate who will try
this matter if it reaches them, will act the part
of impartial judges, feeling conscious that they
are accountable not to any political party, but
to the cause of truth and justice here, and
hereafter to a higher tribunal whose adminis-
trations arc infallible.
Admission of Southern States,
SPEECH OP HON. H. E PAINE,
of wisconsin,
Ik tub House op Representatives,
May 1-1, 18(58.
Tho House having under consideration the bill
(U.K. !No.l058)to admit the States of North Carolina,
South Carolina, Georgia, and Alabama to represent-
ation in Congress—
Mr. PAINE said :
Mr. Speaker : I propose to occupy the floor
only a few minutes; and before proceeding
with my remarks wish to say, for the informa-
tion of the House, that after the close of the
speech of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bing-
ham,] who will follow me, the chairman of
the committee [Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania]
will call the previous question at a quarter
before three o'clock.
Mr. H1GB5T. I wish to inquire what dis-
position it is proposed to make of this bill,
whether it is to be left open for debate.
Mr. PAINE. I presume the gentleman did
not hear the remark which 1 just made. 1
will state again, for the information of the
House, that it is the purpose of the chairman
of the committee to demand the previous ques-
tion at a quarter before three, and as soon as
he concludes his remarks, which cannot exceed
one hour in length, to ask for a vote.
Mr. M1GB1. I hope that the chairman of
the committee, or whoever reports this bill,
will leave it open for further debate. I wish
to say something on this subject; and 1 do not
wish to be confined to five or ten minutes.
This is a very important question.
Mr. PAINE. It will be competent, for the
gentleman to induce the House, if possible, to
vote down the call of the previous question.
Mr. Speaker, I shall not detain the House
by replying at length to the general and indis-
criminate denunciation which you have heard,
both from the gentleman who has just taken
his seat and Irom those who have heretofore
spoken against the bill. I wish to address
myself to certain particular objections which
have been urged against this bill elsewhere, as
well as on this floor. Most of the objections
which have been raised in this House have
consisted of loose denunciations of the spirit
and policy of the Republican party, and bitter
declamation against the action of the people
of the States. But the gentleman from Ken-
tucky yesterday referred to and adopted a re-
monstrance which has been placed before the
Committee on Reconstruction, and perhaps
laid before the House. This remonstrance is
addressed to the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States, and is signed
by Wade Hampton, John P. Thomas, Joseph
D. Pope, F. W. McMaster, Samuel, McGowan,
and W. M. Shannon. The- name of one of
t.hesfe remonstrants is not, altogether uuknown
to members of this House.
Tlie gentle'man from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
conduces liis comments upon this remon-
strance with the following words:
" Mr. Speaker, no man can read the remonstrance
from which these extracts aretaken and lay his hand
on his heart and say that he honestly believes ho is
doing justice to his country and his race by forcing
such a constitution on that people'.
Sir, I purpose to examine this remonstrance
of these sorrowful knights of the lost cause. I
shall do so not only because it excites such
fervent admiration in the breasts of my friends
on the other side of the House, but because
this remonstrance really presents, in a coneisc
form, all the objections which have been or
can be, with any degree of plausibility, urged
against this bill. The first objection made by
these remonstrants, and repeated by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, is that—
"Article one, section nineteen, of the Declaration
of Rights gives justices of peace jurisdiction of all
offenses less than felony, and in which the punish-
mentdoes not exceed afineof$100,or imprisonment
for thirty days. This is a gross invasion of that boast
a nd bulwark ot Anglo-Saxon liberty, the trial by jury.
Any one may bo arrested and 'tried summarily,'
before a justice of the peace or other officer author-
ized by law, on information under oath, without in-
dictment or intervention of a grand jury."
Let me read the section which so shocks the
sensibilities of these liberty-loving patriots. It
is in these words:
"Sec. 19. All offenses less than felony, and in which
the punishment does not exceed a fine ot $100, or im-
prisonment for thirty days, shall bo tried summarily
beloro a justice of the peace, or other officer author-
ized by law, on information under oath, without in-
dictment or intervention of a grand jury, saving to
the defendant the right of appeal; and no person
shall beheld to answer tor any higher crime or offense
unless on presentment of a grand jury, except in
cases arising in the land and naval service, or in the
militia when m actual service in time of war or pub-
lic danger."
Now,^sir, I hold in my hand the constitution
of the State of Iowa, and I see that the. elev-
enth section of the Iowa bill of rights is iden-
tical with that which I have just read. Not a
single word is found in one of them which is
not found also in the other. The correspond-
ing provision in the bill of rights of the State
ot Maine is in the following words:
"No person shall be held to answer for a capital
or infamous crime unless on a presentment or indict-
ment of a grand jury, except m cases of impeach-
ment, or in such cases of offenses as are usually
cognizable by a justioo of the peace, or in oases
arising in the Army or Jiavy or in the militia, when
in actual seiviee, in time of war or public danger."
That of New Hampshire is in these words:
"Nor shall tho Legislature make any law that shall
subject any person to a capital punishment (except-
ing for the government ot the Army and Navy and
the militia m actual service) without trial by jury."
The general, if not universal, practice of the
States of the Union is opposed to the assump-
tion that the trial of petty offenses by justices
of the peace or police magistrates is an inva-
sion of the right of trial by jury. Iivcu Ken-
tucky provides by her bill of rights tor jury
trials only in prosecutions by information or
indictment.
The next objection is, that—
''Section twenty-four enables tho Legislature to
authorize ami empower any one—a policc or military
Piticer—to suspend the laws of the citato or the e\e"-
cution of the laws."
The fact, however, is that section twenty-
four is in these words:
'Sec. 24. The power of suspending the laws or tho
execution of the laws shall ne\ er bo exercised but ti-
the treneral Assembly or by authority deiived there-
from: to be exercised in such particular ca?es only
as the Ueneral Assembly shall expressly provide tor."''
And the twentieth article of the bill of rights
of Massachusetts is identical with this, sub-
stituting the words "ought to" for •'shall,"
and "Legislature'' for "General Assembly.'-'
Die sixteenth section of the Kentucky bill" of
rights is in these words :
-"  o power of suspending laws shall be exer-
cised unless by theG-enerai Assembly or its authority."
