3862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
ground that the smaller tax is less of a tempta-
tion to those who are inclined to steal. That
is the point of his argument. I stand here to
say that any man who will steal two dollars
will steal fifty cents. When a man makes ap
his mind to steal at all, he will steal coppers
as quick as he will silver coin any day.
But, Mr. President, is the Senate of the Uni-
ted States ready to make this concession which
the honorable Senator from West Virginia
makes, to get down before the majesty of these
offenses and cry that men are unable to resist
this temptation? Sir, that was the cry, that the
rebellion was too large, we could not punish
it; a doctrine that I repudiated as well in arms
as in civil life. If we cannot collect two dol-
lars we cannot collect twb cents. My honor-
able friend from West Virginia will remember
that this horde that has been upon the Treas-
ury now for two or three years have got pretty
well supplied. Now, there will he a lot of
lesser thieves at.it certainly, who will be as well
content to steal from the fifty cents on the gallon
as these older ones now arc from two dollars.
I insist upon it that this reduction is a con-
cession to rascality and villainy. The legisla-
tive power of the country get down on their
knees and say: " Gentlemen, the only way we
can save you from stealing everything is to
make less for you to steal." Sir, 1 would make
these men feel the power and the majesty of
the law of the land, i would collect the tax ;
and it can be done. It is shameful, it is dis-
graceful to make that confession to the world.
It goes all over the world that we as a nation
are unable to collect our taxes because all of
our agents will steal. The trouble has been,
and is now, that these stealing agents are
shielded by their masters who use ihem.
Whenever the Executive, as recent events
show, is in trouble he sounds the alarm and an
agent is sent to go and settle seizures already
made.
I comprehend all the embarrassments of
this thing; but, sir, let not the legislative
power, at least, of this Government say that
they cower and shrink away before these
frauds. Sir, I would clean out the revenue
department from A to Z ; I would put in more
efficient men and hold them responsible for the
discharge of their duty ; and when they fail to
return the revenue, let it he prima facie cause
of removal. That is what I would do. I would
not only bring the distillers, but I would bring
my own agents up to the standard of honesty
and make them collect this revenue. I repeat,
it is disgraceful for us to say that we cannot
collect this tax. We all know better. Get an
honest fountain, an honest head, and the stream
will be pure, whicn I hope in God we shall get
sometime or other in the changes and muta-
tions of life.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I regret to
say that 1 have not been able to give this sub-
ject the consideration which its merits seem to
cftmmand, in consequence of other engage-
ments; but I cannot allow the final vote to be
taken on the bill without saying a word.
I do not regard the reduction of the tax upon
whisky from two dollars to fifiy cents is any
concession to what is known as the whisky
ring, or as any cowering on our part before
that'combination of men whose purpose has
been thus far to violate the law. The only
question for Congress to decide is a very
simple and a very plain one, according to my
ideas, and that is, how can we raise most con-
veniently and with the least expense a rich
revenue frcjm the article of distilled spirts?
That is the question for us to determine, and
that is the only question. We are not here to
decide upon a question of mere pique between
Congress, the law-making power, and the
whisky ring, but the simple, practical question,
how can we raise the most revenue from dis-
tilled spirits with the least expense to the Gov-
ernment and the ieast inconvenience to the
people.
If the Congress of the United States should
see fit to resort to the same means which seem
to be employed in England for the collection
of the tax upon distilled spirits, it is probable
we might enforce the tax of two dollars a gal-
lon. In that country, as the chairman of the
committee informs us, there are some ten or a
dozen distilling establishments, each possessing
a vast amount of capital, and all of them to-
gether monopolizing the business of distillation
within the kingdom, and each of them is under
the immediate control of the Government,-and
the Government derives its revenue upon dis-
tilled spirits directly by a direct interference
and supervision of this comparatively small
number of large establishments.
Mr. ANTHONY. Why can wo not do the
same ?
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Rhode
Island asks why wc cannot do the same. I
have no doubt of the constitutional authority
of Congress to do the same if they should see
fit, because we can resort to any reasonable
means to collect the tax ; but will the Senator
from Rhode Island undertake to say that it
would bo acceptable to the people ofthe United
States that Congress should declare that no
distilled spirits should be made except through
such and such and such establishments organ-
ized under a law ofthe United States and under
the direct control and supervision of the officers
ofthe Government? Would the people endure
such a system ? I think not. 1 may be mis-
taken ; but it would certainly be a great nov-
elty in our legislation to attempt it. I think
the thing would turn out in the end to be im-
practicable. It would produce popular com-
plaints to which we should be compelled to
listen. We cannot resort to such a system as
that, in my judgment; at any rate, we cannot
do so now.
Something must be done to insure the col-
lection of the tax upon whisky and other dis-
tilled spirits. We have been losing, wonder-
fully losing our revenue from that rich source
for the last two or three years. I think myself,
so far as I can judge, that the bill now before
us reducing the tax to fifty cents will in the end
produce a larger amount of revenue than the
old law imposing a duty of two dollars a gallon.
I am satisfied that the House of Representa-
tives, who have had this matter under their
consideration for months past, cannot have
come to the conclusion of thus reducing the tax
without very good reason to influence them in
so doing: and I am satisfied that the Commit-
tee on Finance of .this body has given it their
best attention, having in view only the amount
of revenue which we are to obtain from this
article.
I think we had better try another experi-
ment. Our first legislation was merely experi-
mental. We all knew very well that whisky
and other distilled spirits were a mere luxury,
and we thought very properly that they could
endure a very heavy tax, and we imposed a
very heavy tax upon them. The result has
been to disappoint our expectations, for we
have derived far less revenue from this source
than we anticipated. Nobody will deny this.
The amount of receipts has been very far less
than you and I anticipated when we first
enacted the law. Why? For fliis plain rea-
son, that imposing so high a' tax, you really
by implication say to the manufacturer, "If
you can smuggle your goods into market with-
out the payment of the tax, the tax itself oper-
ates as precisely that amount of premium upon
the gallon.." A gallon of whisky sold in the
market without the payment of the tax, sold
clandestinely and illegally, is sure to bring the
amount of the tax, although it may not cost
in its manufacture one half that amount; and
here is the great temptation which is held out
to this illegal traffic. The law itself neces-
sarily and unavoidably offers a premium for
its own violation.
Undoubtedly it must be conceded that a
large amount of our loss growing out of the
whisky tax has been in consequence of the I
appointment of unfaithful and corrupt officials !
to_ attend to that business. Nobody doubts i
this ; but still it cannot be denied that what j
ever class of officials may happen to be ap- I
pointed to supervise this branch of the revenue
the same temptation is presented to them ; and
I should almost distrust an^angel from heaven
in the exercise of his functions with such a
temptation before him. It is the temptation
which continues all along and presents itself
to the mind of every man connected with this
business through which we have incurred our
losses.
Now, sir, we have tried the high tax. We
have lost by it. We caunot collect it. The offi-
cers of the law are not sufficient to the task
which we impose upon them. They fail either
for want of vigilance or want of honesty and
character. No matter what may be the cause
of their inefficiency, we do not get money, but
we lose money in consequence of the high tax.
Now, sir, let us about ship; let us impose a
smaller tax, and let us, at least, endeavor to
lessen in some degree this enormous tempta-
tion to crime and pillage which our former law
has held out to the public. I think myself'
that the bill now before us, imposing a tax of
fifty cents on the gallon, will operate much
better than the old law, and that from it we
shall derive a larger revenue than we formerly
derived. I shall, therefore, vote against the
amendment offered by the Senator from Indiana
to raise the tax from fifty to ninety cents.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr President, much of
the argument in favor of this amendment pro-
ceeds upon the ground that the Government
will subject itself to great humiliation by redu-
cing the amount of this tax ; and it is to be
with us in our legislation a matter of pride or
ambition rather than a matter of revenue ; and
the question seems to be not so much as to
what system of taxation will produce the great-
esti neomeas what course will most consist with
our pride of feeling or with our self-respect.
Other Governments have been compelled to
pursue the same course in reference to this
identical subject that we propose to pursue;
and to insist at this time upon this high tax
upon whisky is not only to shut our eyes to
experience in our own country, but is to shut our
eyes to what the experience of othercountries
testifies upon this subject. I hold in my hand
a book entitled "Buchanan on Taxation," in
which this subject is discussed so far as it
relates to Great Britain. I will read a few
brief extracts from the book,'to which I invite
the attention of the Senate; and they will
show not only that this cannot be regarded as
a concession to the thieves, humiliating to the
Government, but they will show that the true
policy to be pursued under existing circum-
stances is to reduce the amount of this tax:
"It was by the smuggler, therefore, that the market
was still supplied; and the years 1814 and 1815 were
noted tor the progress of illicit distillation over the
whole country, in 1S16 tho use of small stills of forty
gallons was again permitted; tho duty was reduced
to 6s. 2d. and 5s. Brf. But the illicit trade had in the
meantime received such an impulse from the unwise
restraints and heavy duties imposed on the legal dis-
tiller, that no vigilance could suppress it.
"It was not till the year 1823, when the duty was
reduced from 5s. Qd. to 2a. per gallon, that the legal
distiller had any chancS'of a successful competition
with his contraband rival. This act was extended
to Ireland, and was in all respects a most successful
measure. The lower duty increased the quantity of
spirits brought to charge in Scotland, from 2,308,286
gallons, its amount in 1823, to 4,35U,3U1 gallons m
1824, and in 1825 to 5,981,540 gallons; and the revenue
which it yielded was nearly eaual to the produce of
the former high duty, amounting in 1825 to £.682,848,
while tho duty of 5s. 6ti. only produced, in 182-2,
£691,136. The efficiency of the measure was further
attested-by the cessation of tho illicit trade, and the
erection of legal stills all over the Highlands.
" In 1826 the duty was raised in Scotland and in
Ireland to 2s. 10c/, the imperial gallon, which, making
allowance for the difference ot' measure, was an ad-
dition to tho tax of6ci. per gallon; and in 1830it was
raised to 3?. 4d.\ while the drawback on malt, which
had been increased to Is. 2d. per gallon on spirits, in
which it was exclusively used, was reduced in 1830 to
8a. The effect of those impolitic additions to tho
duty was to revive, to a certain extent, the illicit
trade in the Highlands; and to suppress it, new
severities were resorted to, namely, penalties and
heavy fines, and in default of payment, the jail.
In Ireland similar errors were committed. In 1779
the duty was assessed, as it was afterward in Scot-
land, on the cubic contents ofthe still, and with pre-
cisely the same effects. The quicker process of dis-
tillation that was adopted entirely distanced the
erroneous computations ofthe excise; and the tax.
though it was continually increased till at length it
was m proportion to its original amount, as thirty-
