1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1815
and freedmen, from the organization of the
bureau to the 1st of January, 18G8, eighteen
million three hundred and nineteen thousand
five hundred and twenty-two rations in the ag-
gregate. Of that number five million two hun-
dred and thirty-four thousand seven hundred
and seventy-nine rations have been issued to
white loyal refugees.
It has been impossible for inquiry to be in-
stituted into the character of the loyalty of these
white men. Where they have come claiming
to be loyal and showing their necessities they
have been treated as loyal, and have been made
the recipients of the rations which the bureau
has had at their disposal.
During the year 1885 there were forty-seven
thousand one hundred and seventy-two people
who were thus supplied; in 1866 there were
fifty-five thousand four hundred and fourteen ;
in 1867 eighteen thousand one hundred and
eleven ; making a yearly average of forty thou-
sand two hundred and thirty-two.
The transportation account will be found by
gentlemen desiring to ascertain the fact in re-
ports which have been made from the com-
missioner of the bureau.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman al-
low me to make a further inquiry ? I would
like the gentleman to inform the House whether,
in fact, the bureau has not realized funds from
other sources than the appropriations made to
that bureau by Congress?
Mr. ELIOT. Yes, sir; it has.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would inquire particu-
larly whether the bureau has not realized from
the use of abandoned lands or abandoned
property, so called, very large sums of money,
which have been used by the bureau, so that,
in fact, the amount the bureau has disbursed'
and used cannot be ascertained by reference to
the appropriations made by Congress?
Mr. ELIOT. If the gentleman had listened
to me he would not have found it necessary to
put that question. I have stated in figures the
exact amount which has been expended by the
bureau derived from sources other than those
which have been appropriated by Congress. I
have already stated more than once that if the
bureau could haveretained possession of prop-
erty which, by the fourth section of the original
act, was permitted to be used by the bureau—
rebel property, which was restored to the hands
of rebel and unrepentant owners, which had
been abandoned by the owners, who deserved
hanging—if the bureau could have retained
possession of this property, which it was in-
tended it should have, the Treasury of the
United States would have been called upon for
but little money for the use of the bureau.
And I charge upon the President, I charge upon
his supporters, that it has been because of their
action, because of the continued opposition to
the proper execution of the law, that the ex-
penses of the bureau at this day are not paid
substantially from such abandoned property.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman now
give us the aggregate of the sums derived from
those sources and used by the bureau?
Mr. ELIOT. I have already done so. Mr.
Speaker, it will not be difficult to establish the
necessity of the further continuance of this
bureau. It has been a protecting power, pot
to the freedmen alone, but to all the Union
men of the South. It has been substantially
the only protecting power which they have had.
I say to gentlemen, and the returns which we
have from the southern States demonstrate it,
that without the care of the bureau wholesale
slaughter, unpunished, unrebulced, unseen by
mortal eye, and unknown except to the mur-
derers themselves, would have welcomed these
freedmen in all those southern States to graves
of blood.
Sir, knowing as we do the vindictive hatred
of those slaveholders to the men that were
freed it would be passing strange if, during
the three years which have passed, all had
been done which a Christian Government
ought to do for the protection of these men
rescued by them from slavery. The law has
been in force three years. It required twenty-
six months to procure its passage from the
time the first bill was drafted. It would have
required another year but for the most excel-
lent suggestion of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. SeHEJfCK,] then chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to bring under the
care of the Government at the same time the
refugees and the freedmen. From the begin-
ning the thoughtful care of the bureau has been
extended to the loyal white who stood by his
Government when traitors would have de-
stroyed it, and to the faithful black, at all tin^s
loyal to the Union. The bureau has accom-
plished its work of humanity under nameless
embarrassments; and, sir, it would have done
its work before if it had not encountered such
bitter, vindictive, and persistent opposition
from the President of the United States and
those who have been his supporters.
You will find by referring to one of the
printed documents—I refer to Executive Doc-
ument No. 19, Thirty-Ninth Congress, first
session—that General Howard says, referring
to the amount of property held as "enemies'
property" and the amount allotted to freed-
men as homesteads, as follows :
"It is proper, however, to stato that tho amount
of property hold as 'enemies' property' and the
amount actually allotted to l'recdmcn as homesteads
is a very small proportion of tho entire amount ori-
ginally in the hands of this bureau. The real prop-
erty turned over to it at its organization was seized,
for tho most part, as abandoned.
"It was intended not only to allot this to freed-
men, but also to u. c it as a means of revenue. I'Vn
tho latter purpose it had already become exceedingly
useiul andvaluable to the bureau, and measures had
been initiated to u*o portions for tho former pur-
pose, when, on the IGtli ot' August, instructions were
received to tho eifect that abandoned properly should
bo restored to lormerowncrswhcn pardoned. Under
these instructions tho bureau has piutedwith the
greater portion of this property. Its tenure upon it
has been rendered so uncertain that the steps taken
to allot it to lrecdmeu have been eountei manded in
most instances, and its revenue luis been so curtailed
that it is not now a self-supporting institution,"
That is to say, the means which Congress
had supplied to the bureau for its support were
taken away from it by the orders of the Presi-
dent, who turned the property back again to
its rebel owners. Then, having deprived it of
its resources the President and his supporters
have, from the first, attacked the bureau on
account of its expenses.
Mr. Speaker, the whole reconstruction pol-
icy of Congress from its beginning has been
attacked in the same manner. Every measure
of Congress has been in like manner assailed.
Gentlemen have been unable to find constitu-
tional grounds upon which to act. When our
garrison was starved outof Port Sumter, when
Fort Sumter was fired upon those same gen-
tlemen found no constitutional ground upon
which to justify the shelling of Charleston by
the national forces. When our armies and
our navies were called forth, when the people
of the North as one man came to the rescue
of the Government, looking to Congress for
egislative aid, not one measure was adopted
which did not encounter tho same opposition
from the same quarter. When Congress passed
its confiscation acts and was undertaking in
that way to weaken the hands of the enemy
and to strengthen the arms of the Government
those same gentlemen were found persistently
opposing the action of Congress upon consti-
tutional grounds.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I desire to
ask the gentleman from Massachusetts a ques-
tion. I ask him how he can reconcile those
two propositions: first, that the freedmen of
the South are competent and qualified to con-
trol the destinies of these States—to establish
State governments and to put them into oper-
tion ; and secondly, that it is necessary for the
Congress of the United States to tax the people
for the support and care of those very refugees
and freedmen ?
Mr. ELIOT. I could not expect upon that
point to satisfy the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. TPJMBLE, of Kentucky. I only want
the gentleman to satisfy the country.
Mr. ELIOT. When emancipation had been
declared by Mr. Lincoln, and afterward, when
by constitutional amendment emancipation was
secured, there was the same opposition from
the same quarter resting upon the same con-
stitutional grounds. After the defeat of the
rebel armies, when Lee and Johnston had sur-
rendered to Grant and Sherman, immediately
upon taking charge of the administration of
the Government the President proceeded to
form provisional governments for the southern
States. That was well enough for temporary
purposes. The protection of the people in
those States required the erection of.provis-
ional governments until Congress could assem-
ble. But when Congress came together we
heard from the Executive Mansion that the
whole work had been completed, and that all
that was left to be done was to examine and
decide upon the qualifications of Senators and
Representatives for admission into these Halls.
There was no law for it. It was against the
theory of our Government. But no matter for
that; the action of the President was sustained
on the other side of the House.
But, sir, no act of Congress, no legislation
has been attacked so persistently as this in
regard to the Bureau of Refugees and Freedmen.
When General Howard assumed the charge of
the bureau the war of the slaveholders was sub-
stantially ended. We did not know it, but
such was the fact. It was drawing to a close.
Before that time affairs of freedmen had been
in the hands of Treasury agents and depart-
ment commanders. The districts of country
which had been occupied by rebel armies had
not, in fact, been surrendered. At different
points along the Atlantic coast, from Fortress
Monroe to tho extreme South, and at Vicks-
burg and New Orleans, whole armies of unclad
and unfed freedmen, contrabands as termed by
General Butler, men, women, and children
freshly escaped—friendless unless they found
friends in our lines—sought, protection under
the flag to which they had been loyal, although
that flag had floated above their heads for gen-
erations while yet they were slaves.
While civil war was raging, while it was
desolating the southern lands and desperate
rebels were fighting with mad frenzy, and
northern allies who had hoped against hope
looked with despair on tho falling fortunes of
the arehtraitor, this Freedmen's Bureau was
created. During all those years of war the
whole race of colored men was unfalteringly
loyal. Before General Howard issued his first
order the war upon the field was over. Our
President had been murdered ; the Vice Pres-
ident selected by ourselves (and, sir, you may
be sure our sin has found us out) had left hia
lodgings at thcKirlnvood Houseand had taken
possession of tho Executive Mansion, Jeffer-
son Davis had fled—not yet captured—soon to
he caught in woman's guise. Caught, not
killed, he cheated the bullet then as he will
cheat the gallows now. Caught, let it be re-
membered, by the aid of information furnished
by a freedmau who deserves in my judgment
a portion of the reward which will be given for
tlmt capture. It was just then that General
Howard assumed the duties of his office; and,
sir, in after times, when the actors in this great
drama have all performed their parts and the
curtain has fallen before them, some historian
inspired for the work will describe what Gen-
eral Howard had to encounter with four mil-
lion emancipated slaves to help up so far as he
could, from chattels into men. Before that
time there had been some action taken which
aided the Commissioner greatly in his work.
General Howard refers to it in this manner:
"Superintendents of freedmen had worked in-
dustriously to prevent suffering, to regulate labor
and to intioduce and sustain schools. Ileatly won-
derful results were accomplished through the disin-
terested efforts of benevolent associations working
in conjunction with Uovernrnent agencies."
Our own constituents in their different homes
(men and women in all our loyal States) or-
ganized into associations and societies, large
and small, sent teachers and supplies, medi-
