1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3863
eight to one, never kept pace with the still more
rapid increase of spirits which was produced by the
lmprorcd process of distillation. This mode of as-
sessment was in consequence superseded by a duty of
5*. 6d. on the gallon, at which rate it continued till
the year 1823.^
"All the ovils which ncce^sartly arose from excess
of duty were daring this interval experienced in
Ireland. Smuggling was carried on to an alarming
txtcnt. The annual consumption of spirits was esti-
mated at ten million gallons, while the duty in 1822
was only paid on 2,910,483 gallons. But the loss of
revenue was by no moans the worst evil; the prose-
cution of the illicit tradegare rise to the mostlament-
able scenes of violence and disorder; the country,
traversed by armed and hostile bands of revenue
officers and smugglers, presented in many districts
the image of war. It was in vain that increased
severities was resorted to; that the guilt of an unli-
censed still was visited by a heavy fine on a whole
parish; and that the smuggler was punished by
transportation. The trade was still actively pursued
all over the country until the year 1823, when the
duty was reduced in Ireland, as in Scotland, to 2?.
the gallon, and was transferred from the cubic con-
tents of the still to the spirit. This measure was
entirely successful; the illicit trade was suppressed;
and the quantity of spirits brought to charge was
increased from 2,910,483 gallons* in 1822 to 6,690,315 in
1824, and to 9,262,7-14 in 1825; while the produce of
the high duty ot 5s. 0U., which was in 1821 £912,288,
and in 1822, £797,518, was nearly equaled by that of
the lower duty of 2s. in 3824, which was £776,690, and
was exceeded by it in 1825, when it amounted to
£1,084,191."
Showing that the reduction of the tax from
five shillings sixpence to two shillings per gal-
lon in two years produced an immense addition
to the revenue.
_" The same effects have still followed every roduc -
tionof duty on spirits; a clear proof that it is notone
of those commodities on which a heavy tax can bo
safely imposed.
"The low duty of 2s. on the gallon, though it im-
proved the revenue a rut put an end to smuggling,
was not allowed to continue moro than two years.
The experiment of excessive duties was again tried.
The tax was raised, as in Scotland in 1826, Irorn 2s. to
2s. lOrf. the imperial gallon; and in 1S30 to is. id.,
followed as nsunl by a revival of the illicit trade, and
by a loss of revenue."
Mr. ANTHONY. Now, will the Senator tell
us what the present duty is in England, and
what it yields?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understand that the
present tax in England is about the same that
is levied in the United States.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is, after the Eng-
lish Government by reducing the tax found
that the^ revenue increased, they afterward
doubled it upon the highest duty that they had
had before. That seems to have been their
experience.
Mr. MORTON. Their tax is ten shillings
now.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Ten shillings on the im-
perial gallon.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is higher than our
Mr. WILLIAMS. Not at all.
Mr. ANTHONY. Reduce it to our currency
and you will find that they levy more than
we do.
Mr. MORTON. It is $2 47 in gold.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is on the new sys-
tem. They changed their system some years
ago.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The history of the excise
duty iu England is contained in the book from
which I read down to a given date. Do you
undertake to controvert the facts that are stated
in that standard work on taxation ?
Mr. ANTHONY. No ; but I want the sub-
sequent facts.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have given the figures,
and they show that for centuries, perhaps, the
English have been trying experiments in refer-
ence to the distilled spirits produced in that
country. Sometimes they have levied a high
duty under certain regulations, and«that high
duty has been found to produce illicit distilla-
tion, and a reduction in the revenue.
Mr. ANTHONY. Now, will the Senator
allow me to ask him this question: the Eng-
lish Government having been experimenting
bo long on the subject of the duties on distilled
spirits, what is the result at which the English
Government has arrived as the rate of duty
which will yield the highest revenue ? I do not
want to know what it was twenty-seven years
ago; but now, after all their experience, at
what rate have they decided that they can col-
lect the largest amount of duty on that article?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not know that they
have made any absolute and conclusive decis-
ion that may not be changed by experience.
If gentlemen will allow me to state what I
propose to state, I will endeavor to satisfy
them as far as I can upon that point. I stated
that this book displays the history of England
on that subject for a great number of years,
and it presents incontrovertible facts and fig-
ures upon this question. It is true that at the
present time the tax has been raised under a
system of legislation that has been devised in
Great Britain, to about the same amount of
tax that is imposed in the United States upon
distilled spirits; but it is under a system of
legislation which cannot be adopted or enforced
in this country.
Mr. ANTHONY. Why ? That is what I
want to know.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Why? Because tliis Gov-
ernment is not a monarchical Government.
In Russia the whole business is taken out of
the hands of the people and conducted by the
Government, and all the liquor in Russia is
made by the Government and sold to the peo-
ple, and they are required to pay the taxes
upon the article produced by the Government.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend will allow
me to suggest another answer; and that is, that
the English Government do not change their
inferior officers for political considerations.
When a man is appointed to such a place, it
is not for political reasons, and a good man is
retained and a bad man is turned out; while
here, we keep continually changing people for
political reasons.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the key to the
whole matter.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no doubt that
under our system we cannot collect this tax ;
but I see no objection whatever to adopting
the English system ; and as to the idea that
there is a difference, because England is a
monarchical Government and ours a repub-
lican Government, allow me to say that our
Government is stronger for collecting taxes,
or for any other purpose than the English Gov-
ernment is, if we will only use our power. I
think the answer given by the Senator from
Maine is a perfectly good one, and I would
have that difficulty avoided by making these
officers independent of poj^ical appointment.
I would have them appomted, as they are
appointed in England, because they will do
their duty, and not because they will carry
votes in a certain ward.
Mr. WILLI AMS. I have stated that different
systems are adopted in Europe by different
Governments, and all the systems adopted there
for the imposition and collection of taxes are
of a most arbitrary nature and adapted to their
systems of government. The number of dis-
tilleries in England, if I am not mistaken,
does not exceed ten or twelve in all. The
number of distilleries in Scotland is reduced to
a still smaller number, and in Ireland about
the same number; and these distilleries are
regulated and covered by special legislation, a
system of legislation that is not adapted to our
circumstances. Iu addition to that, there is a
country containing perhaps one hundred and
twenty thousand square miles to be governed
in this ivay, thickly populated, under the con-
trol of a monarchical form of government, and
where, as everybody knows, the system of
police has been brought to a great state of per-
fection in every respect, incomparably beyond
ours in every respect; while here we have a
country containing two millions of square
miles, a wide, extensive country, thinly and
sparsely populated, with opportunity afforded
for the commission of fraud and the evasion of
law. There are many reasons why a system
of heavy taxation may be made successful in
Great Britain and not be made successful in
the United States; and I am not certain that
the present system in Great Britain is the best
that can be devised, for they have been experi-
menting upon this subject for centuries with
Then five shillings and
various successes; sometimes result Showed
a high tax produced a less amount Of revenue,
while in Ireland, in 1823, the country presented
a state of civil war; policemen were marching
everywhere through the country as armed
bodies of men to enforce the Jaw, while the
smugglers were resisting 
Mr. ANTHONY. What was the duty at that
time ?
Mr. WILLIAMS.
sixpence.
Mr. ANTHONY. What is the duty now,
when everything is perfectly quiet and it is
collected without trouble?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have answered what the
duty is. It is the only duty of that description
in the world that is levied upon liquor. The
tax in Prussia and Austria amounts to only a
few cents per gallon, and the English Govern-
ment is the only one that imposes this enor-
mous tax. It is collected. I suppose, but how
successfully does not appear.
Mr. ANTHONY. Yet it does so appear
from the returns, if the Senator will allow me
to say so. When the tax -was five shillings a
gallon, I understand from the authority which
he has read, all Ireland was in a state of in-
surrection, and when it was two shillings a gal-
lon it was worse, or as bad; but nojv that it is
ten shillings a gallon everything is quiet, and
the tax upon spirits is collected in England. I
do not recollect the percentage that is collected,
but about as much as of the other taxes; there
is not much difference. I think that is a fact;
but the Senator is more familiar with that matter
ter than I am. I want him to explain to me, if five
shillings a gallon makes an insurrection and
ten shillings makes everything quiet and brings
the revenue, how it is that a low tax is better
than a high one.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not know that I can
explain these facts satisfactorily to the Senator;
but I have stated the facts and I have pro-
duced the authority. That is either true or
false. I did not make the authority. I make
the statement, and have produced the brief.
Mr. ANTHONY. I agree to all that; but
how does the Senator draw the inference that
afive-shillingtax, whichmakesan insurrection,
is a better tax than ten shillings which fills the
Treasury?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not draw any such
inference. There may have been peculiar cir-
cumstances at that time, which produced that
commotion in the country ; and there may be
peculiar circumstances at this time which en-
able Great Britain to collect this tax, and it •
may be that next year it will be found that the
tax cannot be collected, and there may be a
necessity for its reduction on the part of Great
Britain. Nobody can foretell as to what the
future may develop on this subject. I only
refer to the history upon this question, not so
much to show that there would be economy in
the reduction of this tax, as I believe there
would, but to show that this attempted objec-
tion that it is exceedingly humiliating on the
part of the Government to reduce an excise
tax when it is found that it cannot be collected
is a mistake, because that is a course which,
has characterized the history of other Govern-
ments.
I did not intend to take half as much time,
and I should not have done so if I had not
been interrupted. I simply intended to refer
to this book on the subject. Senators can deal
with the authority as they please. I did not
make it. It is regarded as a standard book
on the subject of taxation. They can see
whether it is true o c not true. They can deduce
their own inferences from it. I say further
that if I had time I could show that every
standard work upon taxation maintains the
doctrine that when you tax an article four or
five hundred per cent, more than its cost, you
impose a tax that tempts men to commit fraud,
and will to a great extent defeat its collection.
I lay that down as a proposition in political
economy which the authorities maintain and
the experience of all countries proves on that
subject.
