isea
THE COWftESSlONAk GIiOBH.
m
nothing but evil results to flow from its longer
use. I am therefore opposed to spending any
more money upon commissions to further
investigate its usefulness.
I have given this subject of whisky frauds
some considerable thought, and I am thor-
oughly satisfied that the only way we can ever
check them is by an entire change of our whole
internal revenue system. Stop all this use of
meters and the various other expensive con-
trivances that the Government requires each
distiller to purchase and keep at his distillery
for the purpose of measuring and testing his
liquors ; remove all your secret agents and
Treasury leeches, and thereby save the Govern-
ment millions of dollars each year. Then enact
a law providing for the manufacture of liquors.
Throw such guards and restrictions around its
manufacture and sale that it may be easily
identified and told almost at a glance whether
it had been legally manufactured and the tax
paid, and then provide that all places where
liquors are manufactured iu violation of law,
aud all places where such liquors are kept,
whether for sale, storage, or otherwise, that
such liquors, and all machinery used in it?
manufacture, together with all personal prop-
erty and the real estate where the same is so
manufactured or kept, providing the said real
estate shall belong to such person so manu-
facturing or keeping the said liquor in viola-
tion of law, shall be absolutely forfeited to the
United States. In case the lands shall be leased
or rented then the liquor and machinery only
shall be forfeited, except it can be shown that
the owner of the land knew of such liquor
being so manufactured or kept and did not
within forty-eight hours after receiving such
knowledge report the same by letter, telegraph,
or otherwise to some officer of the internal
revenue department. In such case the land
and all personal property of the owner would
be forfeited the same as though he was manu-
facturing orkeeping such liquors. Some gen-
tleman asks, how are you to going to have the
liquor manufactured and identified so as to
prevent the innocent from suffering this ter-
rible penalty of forfeiture? In that question
there is a great deal involved, and it will take
some time to answer it so as to make it plain
and have the plan that I propose thoroughly
understood; yet I will undertake the duty.
My plan, then, is this:
I require each person before he shall distill,
rectify, redistill, or brew any kind of liquors to
procure from the Cotnmissioner of Internal
Revenue a commission authorizing him so to
do; but in order to procure such commis-
sion he shall make applieation in writing prop-
erly sworn to, in which application he shall
state the kind of business proposed to be fol-
lowed by him, the place where, fully describing
the premises a,nd their value, which premises
he snail own free from all incumbrances. If
the Commissioner is satisfied of the truthful-
ness of the application he shall issue the com-
mission, which commission shall recite all the
facts stated in the application ; but before any-
thing shall be done under the commission the
applicant shall execute a bond with one or
more sureties in the penal sum of not less than
$100 nor more than $50,000, providing for the
faithful execution by such applicant of all the
duties required of him by law in reference to
the business specified in such commission.
That such surety or sureties shall own in fee
simple unincumbered lands of the full value
of such bond, and that such bond shall be a
lien upon such lands in preference to all other
persons.
My plan also provides for the recording of
the bond in the county where such lands are
situate, Ac. I next provide that at the close
of each day such distiller, rectifier, &c., shall
make out statements in triplicate of the
amount, kind, and quality of liquor by him
manufactured that day; arid shall at the close
of each day, unless oftener required by such
commissioner, deliver such statements to such
inspector as such commissioner shall require
to inspect his liquors, to which statements such
distiller, &c., shall bs sworn, by such inspector,!
who shall have power to administer oaths in
such cases. Such distillejr, &c., shall at the
same time furnish to such inspector all such
liquors named in said sworn statements, neatly
put vip in barrels or casks, each cask or barrel
marked in plain letters and figures the kind,
quality, and quantity of liquor contained in
each, the number of such barrel or package,
which number shall begin with one and con-
tinue up regularly, as one, two, three, &c., as
long as he shall continue to manufacture, and
shall also contain the name of the manufac-
turer. If such inspector finds said liquors all
correct, and they agree in all respects with
said sworn statements of the manufacturer, he
shall carefully inspect and brand such liquors
as such Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall
require. Such inspector shall make out his
inspection report in triplicate; shall deliver
one copy to the manufacturer; shall upon the
same day deliver,one copy of his report, to-
gether with one copy of said sworn statement
of such manufacturer, to the deputy collector
of the county where such manufacturing estab-
lishment is situate; the other copy of his re-
port, together with oue copy of said sworn
statement of such manufacturer, he shall on
same day mail to such Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenu^; and the other copy of such sworn
statement he shall record, together with his
own report, in a book to be kept by him for
that purpose. Such deputy collector shall be
bound for the tax on such liquors from the
date of the delivery of such inspection report
with him. That such liquors, after their in-
spection, may be stored on the premises where
manufacturea, under the charge of such Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, or the same
may be removed under the charge of such
Commissioner to such convenient bonded
warehouse as such Commissioner shall direct.
That such liquors, after their inspection, may
be sold or removed from the premises where
manufactured or from such bonded warehouse,
but not until the tax shall be paid; the tax to
be paid in all cases before removal, and the
same to be removed within twenty-four hours
after the tax is paid.
That such liquors can never be sold from
the place where manufactured, or from such
bonded warehouse, iu any less quantity than by
the barrel or package as iospected.
I provide that when the liquors are sold or
removed from place where manufactured or
from such bonded warehouse—such removal
operating as a sale—bills of sale shall be made
out in triplicate in which shall be stated the
place where sold, the name and residence of
purchaser in full, the number of barrels or
packages sold, and shall also give an exact
copy of all the marks and brands on, each
package as required by the act, which bill
shall be signed by such person as such com-
mission shall place in charge of the same;
and the same shall be stamped by seal such as
such Commissioner shall direct, one of which
bills shall be delivered to the purchaser, one
to the assistant assessor of the county where
such sale shall be made, and the other shall be
mailed to the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, which bills shall be carefully preserved
by such assistant assessor and such Commis-
sioner.
I next provide that all wholesale and retail
dealers in liquors shall procure a commission
from such Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
which commission shall describe the powers in
full upon which such liquors shall be sold.
I provide in case of wholesale dealers that
they may at their pleasure take liquors from the
packages or barrels in which such liquors were
when purchased by him, and may put the same
in whole or in part in bottles holding not less
than one quart each, that each bottle shall be
labeled as the box or basket in which they shall
be placed, which bottles shall be by him packed
iu boxes or baskets in quantities of not less
than one dozen each, or h era ay put such liquors
in whole or in part in jugs, cans, casks, or other
packages, each holding not less than one gal-
lon ; that each box, basket, jag, can, cask, or
package shall contain on the outside of each in
plain and neat letters and figures the kind, qual-
ity, aud quantity of liquor contained in each,
the name ot person or persons from whom he
purchased such liquors, the date of purchase,
and the number of the barrel or cask from which
the same was takep, and the name of the whole-
sale dealer who did it.
. That such wholesale dealer never can sell at
any one time a less quantity of liquor than is
contained in such box, basket, jug, can, or
other package.
Anil in all cases where he does sell any of
such articles he shall make out bills in tripli-
cate, in which shall be stated, the name and
residence of the purchaser in full, the date and
place of sale, the name of each article sold, and
a copy in full of all the marks and brands aB
required by that act, upon each barrel, pack'
age, box, , basket, &c., which bill shall be
by him signed and stamped with such seal as
such Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall
require, one copy of which bill shall be deliv-
ered to the purchaser, one copy on same day
mailed or delivered to "assistant assessor of the
county where his place of business is situate,
and the other copy on same day mailed to the
Comtnississioner of Internal Revenue. I next
require the wholesale dealer to make out
monthly statements in duplicate under oath of
all liquors ha has remaining ou hand, stating
each kind of liquor, its quality and quantity,
and from whom, when and where purchased,
and deliver or transmit by mail one copy tet
the assistant assessor of the county where his
place of business is situated, and the other copy
shall be mailed to the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue.
All of the papers I have named which are
filed with the assistant assessor shall be open
to inspection to all persons who may desire to
see them during office hours each day.
The retail dealer cannot sell at any one time
more than one quart of liquors, neither can ho
sell upon the same day more than two quarts
to the same person.
I next provide that every place where liquors
are manufactured or sold tilere shall be painted
in large letters on the most conspicuous place
the kind of business done there, whether man-
ufacturing or selling, under which shall be the
words " commissioned by the United States."
I next provide that the marks and brands
upon barrels and all other packages shall not
be sufficient evidence that the liquors con-
tained therein were legally manufactured or
that the tax had been paid thereon, but if the
same is accompanied by and agrees with a
regular bill of sale made out in full compli-
ance with the law then it shall be prima facie
evidence that the liquors were regularly manu-
factured and the tax paid thereon, and in all
cases of controversy it shall devolve upon the
party other than the claimant to prove that
such liquors were not so manufactured or the
tax so paid.
I hold that the above provisions, which I
have stated as briefly as possible, so fully and
completely identify the liquor in each case and
the easy mode to ascertain whether the marks
and brands are correct that no person who
wants to comply with the law would have any
trouble in dealing in the same.
I know that some gentlemen say that the
plan I have stated may work great hardships
by forfeiting a man's real estate for manufac-
turing or keeping liquors in violation of the
law on his premises. I say, Mr. Speaker, it
cannot and will not worl^ any hardship upon
any person who wishes to comply with the
law. And as to those who seek to violate it I
care not how hard it operates upon them. I
say tp the gentlemen that we must pass some
law strong enough to collect our revenues from
whisky; if not, in my judgment, we will come
far short of our duty. VVe must have revenues
from some source. If we cannot get it from
luxuries, such as whisky, we have got to go and
take it from the sweat a«d toil of the honest
laborer. And when it comes to that I want
