1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2839
sion with gentlemen on the other side of the
House. 1 wish to call their attention to one
fact. They oppose this feature of the bill
because they say it inaugurates a new system
of appointment. I would call the attention
of g«nUemen to the fact that, with the excep-
tion of assessors and collectors of the revenue
and the chief officers of the bureau, every
single officer engaged to-day in the adminis-
tration of the revenue department of this coun-
try is appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury
alone. All the revenue inspectors, all the rev-
enue agents, all the special agents of theTreas-
ury, and their name is legion, are to-day the
special appointees of the Secretary of the
Treasury. While this is true in reply to the
argument of gentlemen on the other side, it is
also true in leply to the remedy proposed by
the gentlemen from the committee, who seem
to think this feature of the bill essential to a
successful administration of the revenue depart-
ment.
This is urged as a feature which will at least
cheek frauds npon the revenue. I fear very
much—though 1 would be glad to realize that
Utopia which was so beautifully described by
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Schexck] a few days ago—I fear
very much that such will not be the result. 1
would call his attention to the fact that this is
substantially the provision of the present law.
With the exception of about four hundred and
eighty officers every revenue officer is specially
appointed and controlled by the Secretary of
the Treasury, and can be removedor suspended
at his will. That is the case with all but
assessors and collectors. Such is the present
law.
Mr. Chairman, I fear we must resort to
something more perfect if we would check the
frauds on the revenue which exist in this coun-
try to-day. I beg leave to differ with gentle-
men on this side of the House as t.o the cause
of these great frauds. I do not attribute their
commission to the division of responsibility.
There is no division of responsibility. The
Secretary of the Treasury is to-day at the head
of the revenue department.
What do we propose by this bill? The
Commissioner of Internal Revenue is a bureau
officer under the Secretary of the Treasury.
The Secretary of the Treasury is to-day the
responsible head of the Department, charged
with the collection of the revenue of the
country. It is no defense for him to say that
he does not know of the existence of these
frauds. Is it not enough for him to know that
there are produced in this country at least
seventy-live million gallons of distilled spirits,
and that but seven millions gallons pay the
tax during the, fiscal year about to close? Is
it to be said that the responsible head of the
revenue department — the Secretary of the
Treasury—does not know that the reason why
this revenue is not collected is because of
frauds in his Department, and that he must
wait for his subordinate officer to bring those
rauds to his knowledge?
I say the responsibility rests to-day upon the
Secretary of the Treasury, unless he can shift
that responsibility upon the President^ of the
United States, where I believe it legitimately
and properly belongs. While I give the Sec-
retary of the Treasury credit for integrity of
purpose and purity ot character, lie is unfortu-
nately too much of a partisan, or is not willing
to assume the responsibility winch is within
his power and control. Many of these revenue
agents belong to what my colleagues on the
Committee of Ways and Means and others here
denominate " the whisky ring." Theyarecon-
stantly roaming over the country and forming
leagues by which the Government is defrauded.
They are not the appointees of the President,
but of the Secretary of the Treasury, and they
should be removed. There are honorable and
worthy exceptions I know.
I must say in justice to Mr. Rollins, the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, that to my
knowledge he has called the attention of the
Secretary of the Treasury to many of these
fraudulent transactions, and to many of the
men who are guilty of these frauds.
These men are not removed from office. I
have been told that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury makes representations to the President of
the United States ; but I have yet to learn that
a single man who has been engaged in these
fraudulent practices has been removed by the
President of the United States. Hence, Mr.
Chairman, 1 think the chief reason for these
frauds is inherent in our present political sit-
uation, and that we never can get rid of them
except in one way, that is by having harmony
in the administration and harmony in legisla-
tion, and administration and legislation on the
side of the Government.
Mr. WOOD. As bearing directly npon this
question of appointments, will the gentleman
permit me to have read the testimony of Mr.
Rollins given before the Judiciary Committee
in regard to representations made as to par-
ties committing these frauds? I understand
the gentleman to say that notwithstanding the
representations of the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue and of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to the President, no attempt has been
made by the President to remove any of these
derelict parties. I call the gentleman's atten-
tion to the testimony of Mr. Rollins given
before the Judiciary Committee of this House,
directly contradicting the statement which the
gentleman has just made.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Chairman, I ask the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood] to
give me the date of that testimony.
Mr. WOOD. I will send the gentleman the
book.
Mr. ALLTSON. I do not desire the book.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman will lind it on
page 884.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire the date of the
testimony.
Mr. WOOD. July 20, 18G7.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Chairman, I cannot
yield to have that testimony read. It was read
here, I believe, last night. It is no reply to
the proposition I make. Does the gentleman
pretend to say that the President of the United
States, who is sworn to see that the laws are
faithfully executed, and the Secretary of the
Treasury, who has the supervision of this rev-
enue bureau, are not required to see that the
laws are executed, and if there are frauds
practiced by the officers of the Government,
that is not their duty to see that those officers
are removed ?
Mr. WOOD. I will say to the gentleman
that the President in several cases removed
officers and nominated other men to the Sen-
ate, which bodv failed to confirm them, thus
sustaining in office the parties whom the Pres-
ident had endeavored to remove.
Mr. ALLISON. I of course am not pre-
pared to dispute the statement of the gentle-
man from New York; but I do know that in
his own city corruption in revenue matters is
without limit, and as my friend from Illinois
[Mr. Inuersoll] suggests, without precedent
in the history of this country; and I do know
that with one or two exceptions 110 officer in that
city lias been removed by the President of the
United States. I know that in another eity
of this Union, Richmond, Virginia, the fraud-
ulent practices have gone to such an extent
that even the judicial ermine has been stained
by them; and yet no removals are made.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I eannot go into a con-
troversy upon this question. I he facts are
patent to all. I know further, that Mr. Rol-
lins. the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
as late as December last, called the attention
of the Secretary of the Treasury to other great
frauds upon the revenue, and named to him
some thirty or forty officers who should be
removed because of their complicity in these
frauds ; vetlhave notheard of a single removal
under that recommendation of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue.
Mr. WOOD. I trust the gentleman will
allow me a single remark. As lie lias alieady
stated, the President appoints and removes
only the collectors and assessors. Now, it is
weH known that these frauds are perpetrated
by inspectors and storekeepers, and subordin-
ate agents, who are directly appointed by the
Secretary of the Treasury or the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, the President having no
knowledge of those appointments, and no con-
trol over them directly or indirectly.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Chairman, that is only
a change of responsibility. I insist that these
oollectors and assessors are the appointees of
the President, that the other officers are the
appointees of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and therefore the responsibility rests either
upon one or the other. I should like to know
whether arevenue inspector or a revenue agent
could commit frauds upon the revenue in any
collection district without the principal officer,
if he is a man of any capacity or honesty, being
able to discover and check those frauds. There-
fore the responsibility is upon the executive
department of the Government, and not upon
another department of the Government. So
much for this question of the responsibility for
the frauds upon the revenue.
I now desire to say a few words with refer-
ence to the question of tax on distilled spirits.
I do not know but it is possible to collect two
dollars a gallon on distilled spirits with honest
officers under the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. But, sir, I do know it is impossible
in the present condition of affairs to collect
two dollars a gallon ; and I do not need any-
thing else but the statistics to convince myself.
We manufacture seventy-five million gallons
of whisky per annum and only seven millions
pay tax, or less than $14,000,000 is paid when
we should have $150,000,000. Now we do not
collect the tax on whisky. Therefore, Mr.
Chairman, I am for reducingthe tax to seventy-
five or sixty cents per gallon, and I want to
give the reasons why I am in favor of so doing.
Mr. Chairman, there is to-day no production
of distilled spirits in the West except in a few
cities. In Chicago I am told they are pro-
ducing distilled spirits to a considerable extent,
which I believe is in fraud of the revenue,
because there little or no revenue is collected
from that source. With a few exceptions^the
distillation of spirits is confined to New York
and the other large seaboard cities. How is
this done ? A great portion of the illicit pro-
duct is made from cane molasses, imported
from abroad. Molasses are resorted to because
it is a material more easily concealed from the
public than corn. For the proof of what I say
I need only refer to the fact that the chief
demand for molasses in our large cities is from
those engaged in this illicit business ; and also
to the fact that the importation of molasses is
steadily and largely on the increase, notwith-
standing the levival to some extent of its pro-
duction in Louisiana, and also the large pro-
duction from soighum.
By a reference to the statistics of importa-
tions it will be found that in—
Gallon s.
1804 there were imported 
IKPi'S  ii-i,.-io5,uUU
i£()l5   43,840.000
u®::::::::::::::::::'::: 46,776,465
into the Atlantic States alone ; and the current
year will show an importation of more than
fifty million gallons at the Atlantic ports, or an
increase in lour years of nearly one hundred
per cent, of importations of this article. Npt-
withstanding this large importation, the price
of molasses has constantly advanced, while
the price of nearly every other article has been
reduced from ten to fifty per cent. The year
1867 alone shows an increase of importation of
cane molasses of over ten and one quarter per
cent. Owing to the large increase of sugar
refineries in ibis country raw sugars have been
largely imported; but the price of refined
sugars has so depreciated that it is said our
sugar refiners are now working, if atall, withou
profit. During the month of April last two
million gallons more were imported than during
Ul Mra PRicE4 'how much whisky does a gal-
j Ion of molasses make?
