2840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
Mr. ALLISON. I am glad that my colleague
has asked me a question. One gallon and a
half of molasses will make one gallon of whisky
under the mode adopted.
There is another fact in reference to this
molasses question. Not only has the import-
ation of molasses increased enormously, but
the importation of sugar has also increased for
refining purposes. While the price of sugar
has been decreasing the price of molasses has
been steadily going up, notwithstanding the
increased'importation.
Mr. PRICE. How much whisky will a
bushel of corn make ?
Mr. ALLISON. A bushel of corn will make
from three to four gallons of whisky. I am
told by those who have experience that in the
hands of a skillful distiller a bushel of corn will
make four gallons of whisky. I will leave this,
however, to be answered by those members here
who understand this better than I do. I be-
lieve about seven tenths of a gallon of molasses
will produce a gallon of whisky if the ferment-
ation be allowed to continue long enough, but
this these illicit distilleries cannot allow.
Mr. COVODE. I wish to draw the atten-
tion of the House to the fact that all the whisky
is not made of molasses. I am told by one of
the largest distillers in Pittsburg that whisky
made out of corn transported to the East and
there distilled is selling in Pittsburg for $1 05
a gallon.
Mr. ALLISON. I thank my friend for mak-
ing the suggestion, but 1 very .much doubt,
whether any very large quantity of distilled
spirits are manufactured in Philadelphia from
grain. I know that the average price of dis-
tilled spirits in that city for the last six months
has been from ninety to one hundred and twenty
cents per gallon ; and in New York, I believe,
it has not exceeded $1 20 during that time.
The chief portion of whisky is made from mo-
lasses, and in proof of that I cite the fact that
corn whisky is chiefly in bond to-day in the
West. Men cannot afford to manufacture whisky
from corn and sell it at present prices. At
least they do not do it if legitimately manufac-
tured, and tax paid.
Mr. BECK. I desire to ask the gentleman a
question. He stated that from three to four
gallons of whisky can be made from a bushel of
corn. Is he aware of the fact that no distiller in
Kentucky, and I believe our State has the repu-
tation of making the best whisky, under the
old process, now kept up, of using the copper
still, can make more than nine quarts to a
bushel? So that the manufacturers by the new
process, who make twelve quarts to the bushel,
■will have an advantage over those who use the
old system.
Mr. ALLISON". I am told they make the
best whisky in Kentucky, and I presume that is
so. I have no doubt if they make the best
article that they require a bushel of corn to
make nine or ten quarts ; but I am speaking
now of the large distillers and it may be that
our bill will require modification in that regard.
-That was a question of considerable discussion
in the committee.
Now, the whole amount of distilled spirits
ill bond to-day is twenty-five million gallons.
In the western States it is chiefly manufactured
from corn, but in the large cities it is chiefly
made from molasses and is substituted by
means of fraudulent officers for corn whisky
that has been thrown upon the market because
it is more valuable.
Mr. PRICE. I would like to ask my col-
league a question. If a bushel of corn costs
sixty cents, which is the average price in the
West, and will make even two gallons of
whisky—1 will put it at a low figure—that will
bring the cost of the raw material for the whisky
at thirty cents a gallon. Now, if a gallon and
a half of molassesonly make a gallon of whisk}',
and the molasses costs forty-five cents a gal-
lon, that will bring the cost of the raw mate-
rial up to sixty cents. Now, how can whisky
made from molasses at that rate come in com-
petition with whisky made from corn?
Mr. ALLISON. That is a practical ques-
tion, and I will answer it. I am speaking now
of the fraudulent distillers. A bushel of corn
costs sixty cents, which makes two gallons of
whisky at thirty cents per gallon for the raw
material. Now, sixty cents tax, as I propose,
will make ninety cents, which the distiller of
corn is compelled to pay. Now comes the dis-
tiller of molasses, who wants to make it with-
out paying any tax. A gallon and a half of
molasses at forty-five cents a gallon costs sev-
enty cents. Then it is not so valuable as corn
whisky by about thirty per cent., so when the
producer of eorn whisky finds his product is
taxed sixty cents he is about on a par with the
man who makes it out of molasses and pays
no tax whatever. Now, if the tax is one dol-
lar a gallon, if the whisky distiller from mo-
lasses pays no tax he makes forty cents profit
on the gallon, and that is a sufficient induce-
ment to engage in the business.
Mr. PRICE. Now, I understand it, I be-
lieve. I had heard so much said about making
whisky out of molasses that I supposed it could
be made cheaper, but I now understand it is
not so, and that the reason why it costs less is
because the man who makes molasses whisky
is presumed to be cheating, while the man who
makes corn whisky is not cheating. [Laugh-
ter.] Is that it?
Mr. ALLISON. That is substantially the
fact. A man can make whisky from molasses
in garrets and cellars, while if he makes it
from corn he is compelled to make it in open
day where it is seen of all men. That is the
theory and that is the fact as stated by those
best acquainted with the subject. Of course,
by connivance with dishonest officers, any dis-
tiller can for a time at least defraud the Gov-
ernment. Therefore I say that in my judg-
ment the only way to prevent this illicit
distillation from molasses is to reduce the tax
upon distilled spirits so that the legitimate
manufacture will be transferred to the corn
growing States, and thus give us a market for
twenty or thirty million bushels corn per
annum. It is a fact that in the West no whisky
is made at the present time, except in the
cities where it can be done fraudulently. It
is a further fact that alcohol is to-day shipped
from New York and Philadelphia, even west
of the Mississippi, made in those cities and
produced from molasses or from corn shipped
from the West.
Mr. LOGAN. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman one question right here, and it is this :
whether he believes that the large amount of
whisky that was in bond last winter in New
York, and out of the tax upon which the Gov-
ernment was cheated by its removal from one
bonded warehouse to another, under an order
from the internal revenue department, after a
law had been passed requiring the tax to be
paid before the whisky was removed, was all
molasses whisky or not ?
Mr. ALLISON. I do not know anything
about the fact of which my friend speaks.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, I will state that the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue acknowl-
edged the fact before the committee that orders
had been issued of that kind.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not know, however,
that an order issued by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue transferring whisky from one
warehouse to another resulted in defrauding
the Government. If it be true, it is quite pos-
sible that a portion of the whisky was made
out of corn. I know that it has been a favorite
method of defrauding the Government by
removing whisky in bond, but I think this bill
will effectually put a stop to that.
Mr. MYERS. As my mend's hour is nearly
exhausted, I wish to ask him a question on
another subject. As to the tax on whisky, for
myself, I am in favor of taxing the fermenting
capacity of the distillery. That is the way to
collect a tax on whisky, in my judgment.
Under the present law the tax on cigars,
cheroots, and cigarettes of all kinds is five dol-
lars the thousand. That was the amendment
offered by myself last year, and which took the
place of tile sliding-scale proposition reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means. Now,
it is proposed to double that tax, and impose a
dollar tax on each cigar-maker, on every hoy
that makes a cigar. In view of the fact that
we once had a tax of ten dollars per thousand
on cigars, and that in nine months under that
law we only collected one seventh more of tax
than we did in nine months' operation of the
present law, I wish to ask whether the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means intend to insist on
that ten-dollar tax on cigars, especially when
we remember that this House last year passed
that amendment and said that ten dollars a
thousand was too severe a tax upon the man-
ufacture of cheap cigars, and when all these
manufacturers ask that we shall keep the tax
at the present rate?
Mr. ALLISON. I will answer the question
by simply saying that, so far as I know, the
committee propose to leave the tax on cigara
whore it is, at five dollars a thousand.
Mr. MYERS. You do not so report.
Mr. ALLISON. We do not, but we pro-
pose to reduce it. The chairman of tbre com-
mittee so stated in his opening remarks.
Now, I desire to say a word further on the
question of distilled spirits. I listened to the
remarks of my friend from Indiana [Mr. Hus-
ter] last night as to his plan of collecting the
tax on spirits, and I was pleased to find that he
is in accord mainly with the Committee of
Ways and Means with reference tothe method
of collccting the tax on whisky. And if I had
not known that with great care and elaboration
he had prepared and presented to the House a
bill upon the subject, I would have supposed
that he had read our bill and was advocating
it. The only material difference between his
proposition and that of the committee is that
he proposes a form of receipts, while we pro-
pose a form of stamps. We have thrown
around our bill every guard he mentioned
yesterday except that we do not propose to
brand the bottles or the drinks that a man takes
from day to day. That is the only modification
I believe that lie proposes.
Mr. HUNTER. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. ALLISON. I yield for a question.
Mr. HUNTER. I would ask the gentle-
man how, when liquor is taken from the barrel
and put in a vessel holding less than ten gal-
lons, under his system you are going to iden-
tify that whisky after it gets in a vessel holding
less than ten gallons?
Mr. ALLISON. We have a process of iden-
tification of which I cannot now go into a
particular explanation. But I will do so with
pleasure whan we reach that section, and come
to the five-minute debate upon it.
This bill proposes a division of this tax on
distilled spirits. We first put a special tax oil
the distiller. Then we put a daily tax on the
distillery, or a tax on the capacity of the dis-
tillery. We then put a specific tax on the
spirit; then a tax on the wholesale dealer, a
tax on the rectifier, and also a tax on the
retail dealer.
Iliave madea careful estimate of the amount
of revenue that ran fairly be expected from the
bill under consideration should it be substan-
tially enacted into a law. In makingthis esti-
mate I have been careful to come within the
lowest estimate which I think possible of the
amount of annual consumption in this country.
The bill provides, in the first place, for a special
tax of $200 upon all distilleries having an
annual capacity of two hundred gallons or less,
and in addition one dollar per barrel upon all
spirits distilled over and above two hundred
barrels in any one year. I should say, how-
ever, in making up this estimate I have esti-
mated the total consumption per annum at
seventy five million gallons. It will be ap-
parent, I think, that no distiller will apply for
the privilege of manufacturing spirits under
this law unless he intends to pay the tax at
least upon the greater portion of his manu-
facture, ns the law provides that the distillery
and distillery premises must be unencumbered
by any lien to any person whatsoever. Assum-
