432
TAB CONGRESSIONAL GEOHE.
Januafy 9'
gentleraeu to understand that I will stand here
as long as I have a voice upon this floor and
prevent as far as in my power any such injus-
tice to the honest laboring men of this country.
In my judgment no law can be made too strong
for the honest man, and as for the rascal who
wishes to live off the honest toil of others I
shall not look much after his interests until he
turns them into an honest channel.
Taxes is one of the most sensitive questions
that we can legislate upon. And in trying to
prevent these whisky frauds and collect the tax
upon ardent spirits, and thus save the honest
laboring men of the country from this great
burden, in my judgment we are performing the
highest duty that we owe to our constituents.
AVhen legislating upon this subject of taxation
we ought to remember that we are dealing with
the very life-blood of the nation. And if we
do not provide for revenues from the wealth
and luxuries of the country—I mean those arti-
cles of luxury such as whisky, &c.—we have
got to provide it from some other source. And
let me ask gentlemen from what other source
can we raise our revenues that will not bring
ruin and disaster upon the whole country? We
have for the last two years tried all the virtue
that there is in penalties, oaths, and officers to
get our revenues out of the article of whisky.
It is but a few days since that the president of
the great distillers' association that met in this
city boasted that iathe State of Illinois whisky
was not paying to the Government ten cents on
the gallon. Adopt the plan that I have sug-
gested and that gentleman cannot long make
such boasts for his State. Make all liquor that
is manufactured in violation of law like the
mad dog or plague, that when it enters your
premises it taints them with poison, and sub-
ject them to forfeiture, and I assure you no
man will long want to deal with the unlawful
article. You would then soon find the manu-
facturers sendingup prayers to the Administra-
tion to give them honest officers so that their
liquor may pass through the lawful and legiti-
mate channels, so that they may not be poi-
soned and ruined by the officers not complying
with the law; so that their liquors may pass
freely and no man be afraid to handle them.
Whenever you can thus -get the cry changed
for honest officers from the Government to the
distiller, and make the distiller'sand all others
dealing in whisky only safety in a rigid com-
pliance with the law, then, my word for it,
instead of getting out of whisky some twenty-
five million dollars per year you will get not
less than two hundred millions.
The bill which I have drafted and had re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means
will reach most of the whisky now on hand
upon which the tax has not been paid. The
bill provides that all liquors manufactured
prior to the taking effect of the act which shall
be found in the United States after the 1st day
of July, 1868, upon which the tax shall not
have been paid prior to or on that day, all
such liquor and the real estate where the same
is kept will be forfeited to the United States.
The bill also provides that the burden of prov-
ing that the tax has been paid shall be upon
the person claiming the same. The bill also
provides that in all cases where such liquors
have been purchased for a less price than the
Government tax it shall be prima facie evi-
dence that the tax had never been paid upon
such liquors. I would like to have occupied
the time of the House longer in the discussioh
of this most important subject, but my time
having expired I must yield the floor.
Mr. MARSHAL!^ addressed the House.
[See Appendix.]
Mr. PILE. Mr. Speaker, I did not antici-
pate that upon the resolution before the House
snch a debate as has ensued would arise. .1 do
not now intend to enter upon tho wide range
of discussion that has been pursued upon this
subject, but merely to say one or two things that
have been suggested by what has fallen from
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] and
from the gentleman last up, [Mr. Marshall.]
With reference to the statement that no case
has been given, no specific instance referred
to where a clearly made out case of fraud and
corruption has been winked at or allowed, or
the men guilty of them continued in office by
the President and Secretary of the Treasury,
I wish to say that I can give cases—not one
but many of them, specifically and definitely ; ;
one where the officer had been tried and
found guilty of theft and fraud while he was
an officer in the United States Army, and only
saved from being dishonorably dismissed the
service by the commanding general, who was
a personal friend of his and with whom he
got on a big drunk. With reference to this man
the statement has been before the proper De-
partment for months that he is a constant vis-
itor of gambling-houses, the associate of fast
and desperate and wicked men, and utterly
incompetent and disqualified for holding any
office under any decent Government. The reply
has been that they are sorry there are so many
other men holding high positions under the
Government of the united States who are
guilty of the same practices, and that if this
man should be removed a worse man would
be appointed in his place.
In reference to another office in my district,
when the incompetence and negligence of the
official were clearly made out and admitted,
the excuse given for retaining hin  was that if
he was removed a worse man would inevitably
be appointed to his place. I was asked dis-
tinctly who the President would consider for
the vacancy if the removal was made. The
officer is still retained upon the avowed under-
standing that it is not because the Department
believes him competent and faithful, but in
order to prevent a worse man being appointed
by the President.
Now, sir, in reference to the accusation of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Marshall]
that more thieving and fraud occurred during
the first year of the administration of Mr. Lin-
coln than the whole expenses of the Government
during the Administration of Mr. Buchanan, I
wish to say to him that the opportunities for
fraud, swindling, and theft during that and
the subsequent years of Mr. Lincoln's admin-
istration—and the opportunities continue to
some extent to this hour—grew out of the war
for which he and his political friends of that
same "old pure Democratic party," about
which he talks so eloquently and so glibly,
were and are responsible; that so far as these
frauds are concerned in that part of the coun-
try where I have personal knowledge and cog-
nizance they were committed by his Demo-
cratic friends. While the loyal men and
Republicans were in the Army fighting for the
country, to save it from the treason and rebel-
lion which were hatched by the Democratic
party of the South, aided by their friends in
the North; while loyal men were in the front
ranks fighting the rebellious and traitorous
Democrats of the South, their Democratic
friends at the North were committing these
frauds and getting these fat contracts through
the liberality of Mr. Lincoln.
Sir, those very men who now, in the city of
St. Louis, are rolling in wealth, building fine
houses, riding in splendid carriages, and driv-
ing fast horses, obtained by means of these ill-
gotton gains—those very men have Voted the
"Conservative" Democratic ticket at every
election during the war, and intend to vote for
Mr. Pendleton or General Hancock or any
other man whom the Democratic party may
nominate next Sufnmer as their candidate for
the office of President. This fact is true in
nineteen out of every twenty—I was going to
say in ninety-nine out of every hundred—
instances. Yet the gentleman has now the
audacity and the assumption, after all the
black and treasonable record of villany made
by the Democratic party, after they have
brought upon this country a war which has
cost us hundreds of thousands of noble lives
and thousands of millions of treasure, to ask
us of the Republican party to bow ourselves
out of these halls and let his Democratic friends
take our places.
Mr. MARSHALL. Will the gentleman
allow Hie to interrupt him a moment ?
Mr. PILE. Certainly.
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, these state-
ments and charges against the Democratic
party are old and stale and worn out. They
were originally untrue, and known to be un-
true by the men who originated and circulated
them. These charges of treason against, the
Democratic party never had any foundation in
truth. The members of that party were as
loyal, as true to the Government during the
war as any portion of our citizens. The peo-
ple throughout the country know that these
charges are false, and they intend, as 1 believe,
to brand them so.
One word in reply to the remark about
Democrats getting " fat contracts" from the
Government during the war. That statement
needs no refutation; for it is within every
man's recollection that any man who during
the war proclaimed himself opposed to Mr.
Lincoln's Administration, instead of getting
" fat contracts," was immediately immured in
some of the bastiles established by the party
in power. Democrats had no voice and no
hearing in tlmt Administration; and the charge
that they are responsible for the stealings that
have occurred under Republican administra-
tion is one of the completest shams, utterly
destitute of foundation. It is impossible for
intelligent people to believe such a charge.
Mr. COVODE. I would like, with the con-
sent of my friend from Missouri, [Mr Pile,]
to say a word in reply to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr.. Marshall.] He has unfortu-
nately fallen into an error in his statement
with reference to the purity of the Democratic
party. The gentleman will recollect, when I
refresh his memory, as will other gentlemen,
that he, with other friends of Mr. Donglas,
sympathized with me in my efforts to detect
the frauds of the Democratic party under the
administration of Mr. Buchanan. It was
proved in testimony taken before the commit-
tee of which I was chairman that $925,000
had, with the sanction of Mr. Buchanan, been
deposited in the Bank of the Metropolis in
this city, to buy up Democrats to vote for the
Lecompton bill and afterward the English bill.
I traced the checks to their sources; and it
was shown who took that money to betray tho
Douglas men. The gentleman from Illinois
approved of what I did at that time, and I
only state the fact for the purpose of refresh-
ing his memory. [Laughter.]
Mr. BOYER. I would like to ask my col-
league [Mr. Covode] a question.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Pile] yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Boyer?]
Mr. PILE. No, sir ; I decline to yield.
Mr. BOYER. I would like my colleague to
tell us how many of the Democrats implicated
in the matter to which he referred have since
gone over to the Republican party.
Mr. PILE. I must decline to yield further,
in deference to the wishes of the chairman or
the committee, [Mr. Schexck,] who has prom-
ised to yield me a part of his time when ho
resumes the floor, and who insists that I shall
proceed. I wish, however, to ask—and the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] and
his friends can take their time to answer—to
what party did that man belong who, as men-
tioned by my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Logax,J
was condemned to be hung and was afterward
appointed to office by Mr. Johnson? To what
party did Mr. Goodell and Dr. Fowler, of Illi-
nois, belong—men who were extensive con-
tractors under the Government and swindled
it out of large sums ? What was the party of
the hundreds of men whom I could name in
the State of Missouri who stayed at home
making money by obtaining fat contracts and
defrauding the Government while the loyal
men of that State were fighting Price and
McCullough at Wilson's creek, and on the
various bloody battle-fields of Missouri were
periling their lives to suppress the lawlessness
and rebellion in which the Democratic friends
