THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
Now, sir, there is one fact to which I wish
to call attention before I sit down. To adopt
this amendment is to defeat this bill, and it
ought to be defeated if this amendment ig
adopted. It is, then, only a bill that will pro-
mote the interests of the illicit distillers in this
country.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Explain why?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I propose to explain why,
if-the Senator will not be impatient.
This bill requires the tax to be paid at the
distillery. Before the distiller delivers his
whisky from the place where it is manufactured,
he must pay the tax. .You require the distiller
to pay a dollar per gallon upon every gallon of
whisky that he manufactures before he delivers
it from th^'skill, Esquire a large tax to be
paid in that way, and thfere is 110 man in the
United States-Who can pursue the business and
bp an honest man. I say it is an utter impos-
sibility, because he must necessarily invest a
very large amount of money in these taxes
while the whisky continues in the distillery, and
then he must take the chances of sale; and
that whisky may lie, andought to lie, before it
is marketable, in the warehouse for months or
for years; and this amount of money is invested
in these taxes. And the bill provides in addi-
tion that this tax must in any event be paid
within a year, so that if a man makes twenty
thousand gallons of whisky he must pay $20,000
of tax before he can deliver that whisky from
his distillery. Can any man do business in
that way? _ When we provide for the exporta-
tion of articles we provide that they may be
exported in bond or that there may be draw-
backs, because no man can pay the tax on the
article exported before any sale is made, before
he receives any return; and to require in the
exportation of articles that are taxed the tax
to be paid before the article is exported, would
be to stop the exportation from the country
and to provide that this one dollar tax should
be paid at the distillery, would stop the busi-
ness in the country, so far as honest men are
concerned, and put the manufacture of this
article altogether into the bauds of men who
would avoid the payment of tax. That would
be the inevitable result; and if this amendment
is adopted I hope the bill will be defeated.
In that event, I should certainly vote against it
with its present provisions.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have been very much
amused at the ingenuity and learning which
have been displayed here to prove that we
cannot do that which is done. The English
now collect a tax of ten shillings a gallon on
whisky, and when we ask why we cannot do
the same we are told that our system is differ-
ent; and when the question is put why not
make our system to conform to the English,
gentlemen say that our people would not stand
it; that is, that our people would not stand
the concentration of the distilleries now in
operation into a few large establishments.
Who is to be affected unfavorably by it? The
fflen who are now distilling. Of course there
are no honest men distilling now. That has
been said here repeatedly; and there can be
no doubt about the fact that a man who sells
whisky for ninety cents does not pay the Gov-
ernment two-dollar tax. Thus nobody will
be unfavorably affected by concentrating the
distilleries into a few large establishments,
except the men who are now cheating the Gov-
ernment ; and there are no class of men who
have or ought to have the public sympathy less
than they.
The Senator from Oregon read the result of
the English taxation up to forty years ago, and
there he stopped. He proved that up to 1827
the English were experimenting upon the tax-
ation of spirits, andthat the lower the rate the
higher the income until they got the duty down
as low as two shillings. The English have
gone on forty years since that period, and the
net result of all their experience is that ten
shillings is the duty that will yield the largest
revenue. Certainly that fact outweighs all
that has been read from the book. This is the
result to which the country where taxation is
best understood, and where it has been heaviest
endured, has brought the Government, to ten
shillings a gallon upon spirits. I do not sup-
pose that a tax of two dollars or one dollar
or fifty cents, or any tax whatever, can be col-
lected here under the system that prevails now.
The great merit of this bill—and I think it is
a very excellent bill—is in the machinery which
it has provided for the collection of the tax,
and that machinery is jnst as well adapted to
one dollar a gallon as it is to fifty cents.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is a very great-mis-
take.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator has said
that if a distiller was obliged to pay the tax of
one dollar a gallon at the still before the
whisky was removed he could not carry on
the business. He can carry on just half as
much business as he can at fifty cents. That
is very clear. It would only take the same cap-
ital to do half the business at a one-dollar tax
that it would take to do double the business at
fifty cents; and I think there would be a very
great advantage in driving the business of dis-
tilling into the hands of men who have prop-
erty that will be responsible for fraud if they
commit it. One of the great evils of our dis-
tillation is that it is in the hands of men who
are not responsible. If only a man who has
large wealth behind him would engage in dis-
tilling, the Government would have some
security that the tax would be paid. I believe
that no measure has ever been devised in any
free Government for the collection of taxes
that will not be cheerfully submitted to by the
people of this country if they can collect the
enormous amount of taxation that is due upon
whisky.
Why, sir, what a singular situation it is that
the people of this country are suffering under
enormous taxation, that the financial question
is the great question of the day, the question
upon which the presidential election is to turn,
and everybody knows that if the taxes that are
due on whisky, and that are paid to the dis-
tillers by the people could be collected by the
Government we might relieve industry from
all its extraordinary burdens 1 I presume my
friend from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] will
agree that the tax on spirits honestly collected,
and the tax on stamps and incomes and gross
receipts and what we derive from external
duties would pay all the expenses of the Gov-
ernment. We stand here and submit to these
enormous frauds. I agree with the Senator
from Oregon that there is no humiliation in
our reducing the tax because we cannot col-
lect it. I do not think there is any more
humiliation in that than there is in submitting
to the continual frauds on the Treasury with
the tax law on the statute-book. 1 think it is
no more humiliating to repeal a law that we
cannot enforce than it is to submit to the con-
stant violation of it; but I believe that it is in
the power of this Government to collect a tax
of one dollar upon whisky. I thought that the
tax of two dollars was rather high, and I voted
for it with some reluctance, but a tax of one
dollar, in myjudgment, is liable to no objection
that does not apply equally in kind, though,
of course, not as much in degree, to any lower
tax.
No one would think of taxing whisky less
than one hundred or one hundred and twenty-
five per cent. If a man will cheat for anything
he will cheat for that. If a man, by violating
the laws, can double the value of the entire
article that he manufactures, lie will do it under
that temptation if he will do it under any.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. President,
if we could reach a vote I certainly would not
add another word; but the experience of the
day shows how this debate drags its slow lenath
along. Senators that were not here yesterday
come in and start the same questions that we
had debated and I supposed had disposed of
yesterday.
Now, the assertion of the Senator from
Bhode Island in relation to the perfection of
taxation in England I utterly repudiate and
deny. Their system of taxation is no more
perfect than ours this very day. Look at their
writers who have discussed the question, jmd
you will find that they are continually finding
fault with the imperfection of their laws. With
us we levy our taxation somewhat in propor-
tion to the means of the tax-payer to pay,
whereas in England there is no such principle
regarded with the exception of a single tax,
and that is the income tax; all the rest is
mainly on the idea of a pet capita tax, or
according to consumption, so that the poorer
portion of the community there contribute far
more than they do in out- country ; and to that
extent their system of taxation is not as per-
fect as ours. But their system of collection
of th6 tax on liquors is more perfect than ours.
Why? They have hung a great many men and
transported a great many men for a violation
of their excise laws. If we had had any occa-
sion to have a tax like this, so as to have a
tithe of the experience of Great Britain, we
might .in time have reached the same degree
of perfection in the execution of the law.
After they had tried the tax at a high figure
they were compelled to reduce it down to a
low rate and then gradually raised it higher,
in order that as they profited by experience
they might increase the tax.
But the Senator from Vermont is troubled
as to why we cannot enforce the same law
here as cau be enforced in Great Britain. The
reason is that we cannot afford to police the
country as Great Britain is policed in order to
effect that object. That country has a regular
patrol that runs around the whole borders of
the island and penetrates into every county and
every district of the country. You will see men
in uniform everywhere, detectives in every part
of the country. It would take an' army almost
like that commanded by General Grant to
cover this country with a sufficient number of
police to prevent illicit distillation as they un-
dertake to prevent it in Great Britain.
But, Mr. President, there is one reason that
has not yet been suggested why this tax should
be reduced to a lower rale than it now is, and
that is, that it will be very nearly the same
amount that is levied upon the same article in
the British provinces, the New Dominion, as
it is called; and it is certainly a very great
object if we can so assimilate our taxes upon
this article as to make it no object for parlies
on either side to smuggle.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, there is one
fact that perhaps might be considered with
propriety in taking a vote on this question;
and that is, that if this tax is now reduced to
fifty cents on the gallon it will not hereafter
be restored. We are making a final reduc-
tion. We threw away twenty or twenty-fivo
millions of revenue by repealing the tax on
cotton totally last winter under peculiar cir-
cumstances ; and we can now see from the
price of cotton and from the general promise
of its production, I think, that we acted very
unwisely and threw away twenty millions of
revenue that we shall need very badly. We
cainnot restore that tax; and if we now reduce
this tax we are reducing it finally ; the same
influences that are now swaying public opinion
somewhat in the direction of the reduction of
the tax on whisky will be strong enough to
keep it down when they get it there.
The Senator from Oregon made the remark-
able argument that the machinery of this bill
was not calculated to collect a tax of one dol-
lar, but-eould only collect a tax of fifty cents
on the gallon ; in other words, wo must not
adjust the machinery to suit the proper tax,
but must fnake the tax to suit the machinery,
that it seems has been invented or adopted for
the collection. That is like the old metaphys-
ical philosophers who marked out their theory
and then sought to make the facts conform to
it, instead of making the theory conform to
the facts.
The Senator from Oregon has read from an
old book, "Buchanan on Taxation," and I
must say the name is rather against its being a
very excellent authority : but it is an old work,
which goes to show that the English Govern-
