1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2841
ing that no distillery will be licensed of a less
capacity than two hundred barrels per annum
makes the special tax upon the annual amount
of whisky produced two and one half cents
per gallon ; and assuming that even with the
stringent law, as proposed, the annual illicit
production will reach fifteen million gallons,
we have a production upon which the special
tax will be paid of sixty million gallons, equal
in amount to $1,500,000 per annum.
There is in addition to this a provision for
taxing the_capacity of distilleries by estimating
the capacity of their mash-tubs, which is five
dollars per day upon a mashing capacity of one
hundred bushels of grain, and three dollars per
day upon each additional hundred bushels of
grain. I believe that the effect of this bill will
■be to concentrate the business into the hands
of men owning large distilleries. So that it is
safe to assume that few distillers will pay the
special tax unless having a mashing capacity
of at least one hundred bushels per day, and I
think they will average two hundred bushels
per day, which would make a daily tax of eight
dollars upon each distillery; and assuming that
twelve hundred distilleries will pay the tax
there will be paid from this source $3,504,000.
Fixing the specific tax upon the spirits distilled
at sixty cents per gallon, which is the lowest
amount of specific tax I would place upon
spirits, and assuming that sixty million
gallons will pay this tax, and allowing for fif-
teen million gallons of illicit distillation as
before, there will be paid into the Treasury
$30,000,000 per annum. Wehave taxed whole-
sale dealers in liquors at the rate of two and a
half per cent, upon all sales of distilled spirits,
and estimating the value of each gallon in the
hands of the wholesale dealer at one dollar and
fifty cents, and estimating that there will only
be three sales by wholesale dealers until the
product reaches the retail dealer, we will have
from this source a tax of two and a half per
cent, upon §200,000,000, or a gross sum of
at least $5,000,000, to which should be added
at least $1,000,000 for sales of foreign liquors,
wines, and malt liquors, making a total of
$6,000,000 from wholesale liquor dealers.
We also tax rectifiers and compounders of
liquors, from which we will receive at least
$500,000 per annum. Under the existing law,
retail liquor dealers pay twenty-five dollars
each annual special tax realizing for the year
1867, in round numbers, $3,000,000.
The bill under consideration increases this
tax in proportion to sales, rating from twenty-
five to one thousand dollars. T think it is sale
to say that the average special tax upon retail
liquor dealers will reach three times the pres-
ent tax, or an average of seventy-live dollars
each, which will give us, upon the basis of
last year, $9,000,000.
To recapitulate, we will reccive—
Prom special tax—distillers  SI,500.000
l'rom capacity of mash-tubs—daily tax  3,5114,000
Specific tax on spirits, at 60 cents 36,000,000
Wholesale liquordealers    6,(100,000
Rectifiers and compounders  500.000
Retail liquor dealers  9,000,000
Total  %5,o54.000
Upon the basis of the above estimate the
total receipts that may bo relied upon, should
this bill become a law, are $50,554,000, which,
I am satisfied, is below what the actual re-
ceipts would be if the law is administered with
fair ability and integrity on the part of officers.
In all these estimates I have not taken into
account any tax upon $15,000,000 of illicit
Jjroduet, which will be largely reduced under
an efficient administration of the law. I am
well satisfied, however, that should the tax be
reduced as proposed alcohol will be largely
used for industrial purposes and in the arts,
as before the tax of two dollars per gallon was
imposed; so that, I think, we can estimate,
fairly and reasonably, that the annual consump-
tion under this bill will be increased ten mil-
lion gallons, or one fifth of the present esti-
mated consumption, which would increase the
revenue, in round numbers, $10,000,000.
With all the safeguards and restrictions
thrown about the law a large amount of illicit
whisky will be produced. In the mountains
and valleys, in the cellars and garrets, will be
found a class of men who will run the risk of
fines and the penitentiary for the purpose of
defrauding the Government of its honest due.
Mr._ HARDING. How can we tax the
capacity of those concealed distilleries? How
will you cook the hare before you catch it ?
Mr. ALLISON. The first rule of the cook-
book is to catch the hare before you undertake
to cook it. Therefore you cannot tax that
which you know nothing about. There will
be illicit distilleries.
But I do not agree with the Special Com-
missioner of Revenue that the amount of con-
sumption of spirits in this country will be as
small as he estimates in his last published
report. However, he has recently revised his
estimate on that subject. He based his former
estimate upon the consumption of distilled
spirits in Great Britain and the provinces and
in the United States, as shown by the census
of 1860. In Great Britain the consumption
of distilled spirits is only seven tenths of a
gallon per capita. But the latest statistics
show that while the consumption of distilled
spirits in Great Britain is only seven tenths of
a gallon per capita, twenty-three million bar-
rels of beer are consumed, or two and four
tenths gallons distilled spirits in that form for
every man, woman, and child. Now, the whole
amount of beer consumed in this country is
only about seven or eight million gallons.
The quantity of distilled spirits produced in
the United States during the year ending June
1,1860,asreturnedtotheBureauof the Census,
was eighty-nine million three hundred and
eight thousand five hundred and eighty one
proof gallons; or, including one million one
hundred and four thousand gallons of alcohol
distilled continuously from the grain and re-
turned as alcohol about ninety-three million
gallons. As no tax or restriction of any kind
was then proposed on the manufacture of spirits,
and as, consequently, no motive for conceal-
ment or deception then existed, the above return
may be considered as approximately correct—•
the acknowledged tendency being, however, in
such cases to over, rather than underestimate.
As the annual production of distilled spirits
thus returned was even at that period at least
four times as great as the maximum annual
production of distilled spirits in Great Britain
or any other of the leading States of Europe,
it is a matter of interest, in the first instance,
to inquire in what mauner a product compara-
tively so excessive was enabled to find a regular
and legitimate disposition or consumption.
The materials for answering the inquiry are
to be found mainly in the report of the Reve-
nue Commissioner, transmitted to Congress in
March. 1866.
In 1800 the illuminating agent of almost
universal use in the United States, in places
where gas was not available, was the so-called
'' burning fluid"—whieli was commercially pre-
pared by mixing one gallon of rectified spirits
of turpentine (camphene) with four or five gal-
lons of alcohol. Each gallon of alcohol thus
used required 1 *88 gallon of proof spirits; by
which term is to be understood a mixture of
about fifty per cent, alcohol and fifty per cent,
water. The amount of proof spirits used for
this manufacture was estimated by the Revenue
Commissioner to have been at the rate of about
twenty-five million gallons per annum; but
subsequent evidences obtained have rendered
it probable that this estimate was too low, and
that the actual amount of proof spirits annually
used for the manufacture of burning fluid was
in excess of thirty million gallons. In a debate
in the House of Representatives, April 22,1864,
it was stated by Mr. Holmax that in the city
of Cincinnati alone the manufacture of burning
fluid had been sufficiently extensive to require
an amount of alcohol equal to the product of
twelve thousand bushels of corn for every
twenty-four hours.
Estimating a product of twelve quarts (three
gallons) per bushel, and three hundred work-
ing days per annum, it appears that the city
of Cincinnati alone must have consumed in ita
manufacture of burning fluid about eleven mil-
lion gallons of proof spirits per annum, while
the amount of burning fluid produced in the
cities of New York and Brooklyn during the
same period is known to have been consider-
ably in excess of that produced in Cincinnati.
Upon the imposition of the tax of two
dollars per gallon upon proof spirits, this busi-
ness, with its consequent use of alcohol, was
swept out of existence and has not since been
resumed.
The average price of proof spirits in the New
York market from 1858 to 1862, inclusive, was
about twenty-four cents a gallon, and reached
at times a point as low as fourteen cents a
gallon, while the price of alcohol during the
same period ranged from thirty to sixty cents
a gallon. This excessive cheapness induced
a most extensive and lavish use of spirits,for
a great variety of industrial, medicinal, and
domestic purposes, such as the manufacture
of varnishes, hats, vinegar, white lead, furni-
ture polish, perfumery, tinctures, transparent
soaps, percussion caps, picture frames, imita-
tion wines, patent medicines, and in dyeing,
cleaning, lacquering, bathing, and for fuel.
The report of the revenue commission above
referred to furnishes in detail a great amount
of evidence concerning the enormous consump-
tion of distilled spirits, at the period mentioned,
for industrial purposes, a consumption which
has had no parallel at any time in Great Britain,
France, or any of the other States of Europe.
With an advance in the cost of spirits con-
sequent upon the imposition of the tax, from
fourteen cents to $2 25 per gallon for proof
spirits, and from thirty cents to $-1 50 per gallon
for alcohol, the use of spirits and alcohol for
all the industrial and other purposes above
specified greatly diminished or entirely ceased.
In Great Britain, where the exact disposition
of all the spirits produced is accurately known,
the whole amount of spirits used for industrial
purposes does not exceed three millions proof
gallons per annum, although spirits which have
been subjected to a process called methylation
(that is, the addition of wood naphtha) are
allowed to be used free of tax for industrial
purposes.
It is the judgment of experts that the present
consumption and use of alcohol in the United
States for industrial, mechanical, and domestic
purposes is less than one third of the quantity
so used in 1860, or prior to the imposition of
the high tax on distilled spirits; and that the
present maximum consumption of distilled
spirits in the United States for the above pur-
poses, with the great economy in the use of
alcohol now everywhere practiced, is not in
excess of five million gallons per annum. As
illustrative of the truth of this estimate a single
fact may be cited. The manufacture of chem-
icals, many of which depend mainly upon the
use of alcohol, is larger in Philadelphia and
vicinity than in all the rest of the United States;
and yet the amount of distilled spirits now con-
sumed in Philadelphia for all industrial pur-
poses is estimated by a committee of the Phil-
adelphia Drug Exchange as not exceeding,
undnrthemostfavorable circumstances, twenty
thousand barrels, or about eight hundred thou-
sand proof gallons per annum.
The present exportation of distilled spirits
is estimated at about five and a half million
gallons per annum. Prior to 186S the exporta-
tion of distilled spirits had never exceeded
three million gallons in any one year. Jf now
the estimates and statistics already given are
correct, there is, if the census return of ninety-
one million gallons production in 1800 was
approximately true, if of the quantity thus
returned, from thirty to thirty-five million proof
gallons were used for the manufacture of burn-
ing fluids, fifteen million for industrial and
domestic purposes, and, less than one million
gallons were exported, there remained at that
time a product of about forty-five million gal-
lons, the disposition of which can be accounted
for only on the supposition that it was used for
