1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1817
people are detected that ought to shame the prince
of darkness. Besides, they are maltreated in every
conceivable way or ruthlessly shot down, and either
no notice taken of it or no adequate punishment
meted out to the offenders, save through the agency
of the-bureau or^ the military authorities. The
bureau and the military courts, being their only re-
course, should not, in my opinion, be withdrawn in
these times of peril, but continued until such time as
justice is established in these States and a better
temper pervades the hearts of the southern people.
The foregoing remark.s apply more especially to
this State, and are made on the supposition that the
Slate will be reconstructed.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM M. COLBY,
Superintendent Education, Arkansas.
Rev. J. R. Shepherd, Secretary American Missionary
Association, Chicago, Illinois.
Office of Bureau Refugees, Freedmen, &c„
Rocky Comfort, Arkansas, January 16,1863.
Sir: I have the honor to suggest the following
reasons why the bureau should be continued at least
one year beyond the time now limited by law:
1. Because the civil authority is still in the hands
of ex-rebels in the greater part of Arkansas, who
will not take any action of complaints made by freed-
men against white men, but punish misdemeanors on
the part of frcedmen with the utmost extent of tho
law and with injustice. * * * * Teach-
ers would be compelled to leave tho country bccause
of desperadoes who would break up the schools were
it not for the bureau and military authority. For
an example, in my district, a little more than a year
ago, an old man, intent upon doing good, commcnccd
teaching a colored school in Sevier county, and on
one Sunday a noted desperado came along with his
gun and revolver—an every-day appendage in this
county—and called all of the scholars out in line
and compelled them to tear their books in pieces and
throw thein in the ditch, at tho same time threaten-
ing tho teacher, with a ropo about his neck and tied
to a tree, if ever he were caught teaching a "nigger
school again." •?.***. When I came
here one year ago the condition of frecdmcn was cer-
tainly as bad as when in slavery. Since then I have
succeeded in arresting several desperadoes, who have
been tried by military commission and sentenced to
their justdoom. The result has had a very salutary
effect, andfrecdmen arcnotnowmolestednorchcatcd
out of their labor; but how long thiswould last were
it not for the bureau it is very easy to answer. No
matter how hard they might work or how industri-
' ous they might be, there would bo nothing left thom
at the end of the year, and the poor would actually
starve, for the civil authoritiesdo notpay any atten-
tion to destitute freedmen. * * v * #
Had there been no bureau in my district this sea-
son it is safe to say that most every freedman
would have been without anything to live on during
the cold weather. During the past summer mer-
chants advanced articles not suited to ireedmcn's
wants at exorbitant prices, taking a lien upon the
crops then growing, and, owing to its partial failure,
they were insufficient to pay the exorbitant store ac-
count; and, had these merchants not been restrained
by the bureau, they would not have left as much as
a bushel of corn for the laborer to subsist on.
2. The bureau ought to be continued one year from
next July, in order to facilitate schools and educa-
tion among the frcedmen generally. The matter of
ameliorating the moral condition of the colored race
in the South, especially in Arkansas and Texas, is
comparatively in its incipiency; and it is well known
that, should the bureau be abandoned in this State
schools would not long survive tor want of pro tec •
tion and assistance, which has heretofoie been given
by the bureau. To withdraw tho protection of the
bureau now would belike "planting the seed in good
ground and letting the thorns spring up and choke
it."
3. The bureau should be continued one year longer
to act as a sort of moderator between white and
black during tho exciting contest now impending
over the whole country. It can thus assist wonder-
fully ill reconstructing the South on a loyal basis.
To continue the bureau one year more than is pro-
vided will cover most all the exciting political
issues about to be made in the election for President,
and this is of no little importance to the whole
country. * * . * * * *, ? * +1 *
The bureau, serving as a moderator in all those
angry cases between rebels and blacks, prevents any
serious collision taking place. * * *'
If the bureau could be continued ono year longer
than next July the frcedmen would in the mean time
become much bettor educated in the duties of citi-
zenship and prejudice would nearly wear away.
* ******** *
You™, very r-pootfal^
Lafc'Sccond Lieut, 22dRegiment V. R. 61, AgentB. R.,
l'\t ami A . L.
Hon. T. D. Eliot. Chairman of Committee on Freed-
■men* Affairs, Washington, D. C.
Lovejoy, Missouri, 1st Month, 29,1868.
Respected Friend : In reply to tho printed circu-
larwhich I received from tlicc last 7th day, (tho 2oth
instant,)making inquiry in regard to the continuance
of the Freedmcn's Bureau, 1 think it right to say
that I am decidedly of the opinion that it would be
highly detrimental to tho interest of thccoloredrace,
in this section, atleast,tohavethcFrcedmon sBureau
discontinued. e
I should be sorry to encourage the expenditure oi
a dollar of the public money unnecessarily; but i
think it would not only be an act in justice ana
humanity to the freedmen, but would be good policy
on the part of Government, to continue the Bureau,
and also to extend its usefulness, byappointing some
additional agents in some of the southern States.
I will briefly state here, by way of explanation
that I have purchased eleven hundred acres of land
here on the Mississippi river, onehundred and twenty
miles below St. Louis, for the purpose of making a
settlement of the colored people; and I am engaged
(on my own account, and without any compensation
from any source) m teaching a free school for them,
feeling it my duty to do so.
During my intercourse in different capacities with
both the white and colored population of these parts,
within a few weeks past, quite a number of facts have
come to my knowledge all going to convince me that
the freedmen would not only be kept in ignorance
but retained in a condition closely allied to that of
slavery were it not for tho presence of anri-slavery
men through the South and the restraining influence
exerted by tho efficient officers of the Freedmen's
Bureau.
I have good reason to believe that a secret organ-
ization or plot has been systematically and exten-
sively formed throughout the southern portion ofthis
State in order to induce colored people to remain
with or return to their former owners, and have as
many of the children as possible bound as apprentices
to said owners or similar persons, where they can be
held in ignorance,poverty, and degradation, at least
until after tho election in this State next fall, which
is to decide whether colored menin Missouri shall be
allowed to vote.
Unfavorable reports in regard to them, circulated
through the State just before election time, would,
of course, have considerable influence in deciding
that question.
A number of cases have occurred in which minors
of both sexes have been illegally held to service and
deprived of education, and adults havo had their
just wages, &c., retained until actual or threatened
application has been mado to tho bureau officer.
The expression has been boldly made hoie, "Never
mind, the d d bureau will soon ba broken up,
and then we will show the niggers what they havo to
do and put them where they belong."
Various cunning and base schemes havo been re-
sorted to in Older to break up my establishment here,
since my house, valued at over two thousand dollars,
was entirely destroyed by fire, which was supposed
to be the result of a plot. Threats have been issued
that if parents who designed sending their children
here to school dared to do so they would bo dis-
charged from service.
Numerous falsehoods havo also been shrewdly
originated and circulatcd among the colored people,
in order to prevent families coming to Lovejoy to
secure homes of their own and obtain a free educa-
tion.
Earnestly hoping that what I have thus written
will to some extent go toward enabling tho proper
officers at Washington to seo and feci the importance
of extending a righteous governmental protection
over these shamefully oppressed people, by contin-
uing tho Freedmcn's Bureau, I will now subscribe
myself as thy well-wishing friend,
WILMEU WALTON,
Ncely's Landing Post Office, Cape Girardeau county,
Missouri.
Hon, T. D. Eliot, Chairman of Committee on Freed-
men's Affairs.
A communication was also addressed to
Major General Howard, asking for his judg-
ment. We can offer to this Congress no more
trustworthy opinion, nor any which rests upon
more direct and personal knowledge. The
letter of General Howard is as follows:
War Department,
Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, &c.,
Washington City, February 8,1868.
Dear Sir: In accordance with your request, Isub-
mit the following statement with regard to the por-
tion of my last annual report recommending the dis-
continuance of tho Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen,
and Abandoned Lands.
You will notice that I baaed ray recommendation,
to allow the bureau to expire by limitation of law,
"on the belief that each of the several States where
the bureau exists, or has existed, will be completely
reconstructed by next July, and the freedmen, having
all tho rights of citizenship, can protect themselves
with such aid as the United States mil itary forces may
be able to render, the only bar to this result being the
ignorance of tho^e who have notyetbeon reached by
the influence of education." .
Since writing the report in question I have at-
tempted to discharge all tho officers and agents of the
bui eau from certain States, and in pait from ccrtain
other States. A reaction against the interests of tho
freedmen immediately followed. This I did not
anticipate.
Officers and agents of the bureau arc required to
bring all cases involving a violation of the civil-
rights act before tho United States courts. Where
this was possiblo. though the cases may havo been
few, the effcct has been very salutary. The removal
of the officers and agents necessarily takes away this
protection. Again, the practical effect of discharging
tho officers and agents has been to close up the
schools; to intimidate Union men and colored peo-
ple, and, in fact, to paralyze almost completely the
work of education, which, until then, was in a health-
ful condition and prospering.
The pressing need of lelief has rendered obligations
necessary which cannot easily be met and fulfilled so
early as next July. For example, the issues that 1
havo made and am making to prevent starvation,
carry with them liens upon tho future crops, or other
property which will require settlement. Moreover,
in many parts of the country, as, for example, in por-
tions of Tennessee, local magistrates are still in
power who are utterly opposed to the practical free-
dom and elevation of the colored people.
After having carefully canvassed the whole field,
and considered the liabilities to oppression and want
likely to arise from a too early withdrawal of the
protecting arm of the General Government from those
who have been distinctively loyal, I havccome to the
settled conclusion that it would be wise to continue
this bureau for at least one year longer than I pre-
viously recommended; to continue it till matters
settle; till the new governments shall be not only
established, but in practical operation, and be able
and willing to afford the protection and the relief
which the United Slates Government has rendered,
and is now rendering, through its instrumentality.
Very respectfully, your obedient servanf,
0. 0. HOWARD,
Major General, Commissioner.
lion. T. D. Eliot, M, C., Chairman Committee Freed-
men''8 Affairs, II. It., Washington, JD, C.
And now, sir, I submit the bill to the judg-
ment of the House.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ADAMS obtained the floor-
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over until to-morrow.
Mr. ELIOT. ITow much time have I left?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has occu-
pied his full hour.
Mr. ELIOT. I shall have to ask for a few
minutes more time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Ihope thegentleman will
be allowed more time, as I interrupted him
somewhat.
The SPEAKER. The House, by unanimous
consent, can extend the morning hour.
Mr. CULLOM. The gentleman had better
go on now and finish his remarks.
Mr. ELIOT. It is unusual to extend the
morning hour. I only want about ten minutes.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the morning hour will be extended ten minutes
to enable the gentleman to conclude his re-
marks.
No objection was made.
Mx% ELIOT. Treason and civil war and
emancipation, "an act of justice warranted by
the Constitution upon military necessity," on
which Mr. Lincoln invoked u the considerate
judgment of mankind and the gracious favor of
Almighty God"—these, Mr. Speaker, charged
upon us the duty of establishing this bureau.
Freedom, established by constitutional amend-
ment, enforced the obligation. From the es-
tates of rebels, abandoned in fact and forfeited
by crime, a Republican Congress provided ways
and means by which substantially all the cost
of this bureau should be paid. Mr. Johnson,
by pardons to rebels and orders under which
plantations and estates were restored, defeated
Congress and crippled the operations of the
law. Not satisfied with that the President,
supported and indorsed and justified by a po-
litical party, working in league with the old
slaveholding Democracy of the South, having
first deprived the bureau of the sources from
which its revenue had been expected, raised a
"hue and cry" against it on account of its
alleged expense, and by false statements has
sought to mislead and to deceive a loyal people
burdened by debt caused by the rebellion, which
those same slaveholders had organized into
confederated war, and by continued and per-
sistent opposition to all the legislation of Con-
gress after Congress, sent here by loyal con-
stituencies, to reconstruct on solid grounds of
freedom and republican equality those rebel
States that would have overthrown the whole
fabric of our Constitution and all the work of
oar fathers' hands, that same President, again
supported and again defended by that same
political party, has compelled this Congress to
continue the further care of the Government
over the race of men we have made free.
Sir, the Republican party is not to be fright-
ened back from its appointed work. In the
history of Christian civilization this political
party will occupy a noble place. There may
have been men among us who have been cor-
rupt and self-seeking. There may have been
measures adopted which were unwise and ill-
considered. I stop not to defend men or meas*
