434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
Evening Press Association, Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia," and as being connected with
the New York Evening Post, Boston Evening
Traveler, Philadelphia Evening Bulletin, Chi- j
cago Evening Post, St. Louis Evening Dis-
patch, and Pittsburg Evening Chronicle.
These persons importuned nie repeatedly, to
allow them to take a copy of what they sup-
posed to be the report or the contemplated
report of the Committee on Military Affairs
on that subject. I felt great reluctance to
suffer any person to have any connection with
it except myself; but after being importuned
very much by both these persons I informed
them that if they were very anxious to get a
copy of what might possibly turn out to be the
report of that committee 1 would allow them
to take one in my committee-room, nnder my
immediate inspection, but upon the sole con-
dition and under my earnest injunction that
not one word of the manuscript should trans-
pire to the public, and that the copy which they
were to take should in no event be removed
from my room until they had my free and com-
plete permission and until it should become
proper to allow the report to see the light.
They agreed to this, and promised to abide by
it over and over again. I did not, I must con-
fess, suppose that those persons, or any other
persons claiming to be gentlemen, would so
far forget their obligation as to violate that
pledge. Instead of copying my report they
undertook to give extracts from it to the pub-
lic, and certain portions under that form have
been published. It was a direct breach of
good faith—a direct violation of my own injunc-
tions and of their own promises. I there-
fore, sir, call them by name, in order that their
employers at home may know their characters
and in order that the world at large may under-
stand who they are and what they are.
Mr. CONKLING. Who dre they? We do
not understand over here as yet.
Mr. HOWARD. The names they bear are
De B. Randolph Keim and W. Scott Smith. i
FUNDING OF •CBLIC DEBT. |
Mr. SHERMAN. In pursuance of a notice j
which I gave when I introduced the bill for
funding the public debt, and by direction of
the Committee on Finance, I move now to
take up that bill for the purpose of having it
recommitted to the committee. I hope it
will be taken up, at least informally, for that
purpose.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is cm the motion of the Senator from
Ohio, to take up the bilI(S. No. 207) for
funding the national debt and for the con-
version of the notes of the United States.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move to recommit
the bill to the Committee on Finance, and
before the motion is put I desire to say a word, t
not exactly in the nature of a personal expla-
nation, but in regard to a document that has
been sent to every Senator, and I suppose
every member—a very well-written circular,
not signed by any one—which seems to impute
to the Senate Committee on Finance a desire,
in the provisions of the funding bill, to pro-
mote private interests. I desire to state dis-
tinctly the facts on the subject.
The provision complained about is the latter
clause of the first section, which reads as
follows:
" Provided, That the expense of preparing, issuing,
and disposing of such bonds shall not exceed one per
cent, of the amount disposed of."
Under color of this clause the writer of this
article seems to think that certain personal
interests are covered. I simply desire to state
that this provision is contained in every loan
act for the'last six years. The only variation
is in this particular, that the provision as
reported by the committee in this bill con-
tains no appropriation, and no money can be
drawn/rom the Treasury except in pursuance
of an appropriation to be hereafter made by
law; while the previous loan laws contained
appropriations to carry the provision into effect.
I desire distinctly to say that the committee
did not contemplate any, expense except that |
of preparing the bonds, and no other agency
than the Treasury of the United States, and
even for this necessary expense they did not
provide any appropriation of money.
The whole operations of the funding bill, if
it passes, will be carried on in the Treasury
Department without any further expense than
the simple printing of the securities to be issued
under it. Another clause is also made the sub-
ject of like criticism. It is that relating to for-
eign exchange. This is a strange complaint as
the bill only provides for the difference between
the actual value of exchange now and the lesser
rate of exchange provided for by this bill. This
was for the purpose of not only complying with
our engagements but to guard against a fluctu-
ation in the rate of exchange. If this suspi-
cious writer fears that the foreign bond-holder
will give to some broker abroad a portion of
the difference of exchange coining to him it is
not a matter we should be so anxious to guard
against.
I regard this as an attempt to withdraw our
attention from the grave matters involved in
this bill by an imputation or charge entirely
unworthy the subject, and one unjust and un-
founded. If no one else does so, I will move
to strip this bill of all clauses that will lead to
a misunderstanding. As a matter of course
I do not know from whom this circular ema-
nates. It is evidently well written and care-
fully prepared. I trust, therefore, that this
explanation will be excused. I move that the
1 bill be recommitted to the Committee on
Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No. 320) making appro-
priations to supply deficiences in the appropri-
ations for the execution of the reconstruction
laws, and for the service of the quartermas-
ter's department of the Government for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1868, and for other
purposes, reported it with amendments.
NAVY REGISTER.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, reported the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Remlved, That five hundred extra copies of the
Navy Register for 1868 be printed for the use of the
Senate.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 238) granting a pension to Carrie E. Bur-
dett; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HOWARD askqd, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 85) appropriating money
to defray the expenses of the joint select Com-
mittee on Ordnance; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 239) to amend an act entitled "An act
to change the organization of the Post Office
Department and to provide more effectually
for the settlement of the accounts thereof,"
approved July 2, 1836, and for other purposes;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 240) to amend section thirteen of an act
entitled "An act to increase and fix the mili-
tary peace establishment of the United States;''
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
THE NATIONAL FINANCES.
Mr. HENDERSON submitted the follow-
ing resolution for consideration:
Retolved by the Senate, That the Committee on Fi-
nance be instructed to prepare and report to the
Senate, for its consideration at an early day, a bill
containing the following provisions, to wit:
1. The consolidation of all the national indebted-
ness into long bftnds, bearing not more than three
and a half per cent, interest per annum, but payable
semi-annually, the principal and interest of the bonds
to bo paid in gold, and to be secured against taxation
by State authority.
2. The repeal of the provision in thenational bank-
ins laws limiting the amount of the national cur-
rency to $300,000,000, so that any person or persons
depositing the new bonds, and otherwise complying
with the law, may receive national currency tor the
purpose of circulation to the extent of seventy-tivo
per cent, of the par value of the bonds.
3. Such an amendment to the banking laws as shall
require the banks already established to deposit
within a given time the new bouds or surrender the
circulation now sccurcd by deposit of Government
secu-ities.
4. In case the banks surrender any part of their
circulation already issued, so as to reduce the amount
outstanding, that the Secretary of the Treasury be
authorized to issue a similar amount of United State3
legal-tender notes, and use the same in the purchase
or payment of bonds which at the time may be re-
deemable by law.
5. The creation of a financial board composed in
part of the Secretary of the Treasury and the Comp-
troller of the Currency, who shall have power, in case
the national bank currency shall not be materially
diminished, to cause the United States notes now
outstanding gradually to be funded or canceled until
the resumption of specie payments. And that this
board, after the resumption of specie payments, be
authorized, in times ot commercial distress or money
panic, to cause to be issued and delivered to the banks
in proportion to their circulation, on the deposit of
bonds herein provided for. United States legal-tender
notes to an amount not exceeding $50,000,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senator from
Missouri will see that the language in the first
part of the resolution is too strong. It would
be much better to change the resolution so as
to direct the committee to inquire into and
report upon the expediency of such a measure.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 have no objection
to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. The resolution as it stands
requires them to report a certain bill whether
they approve it or not.
Mr. HENDERSON. It does not commit
the Senate to the passage of any such bill.
However, I have no objection to the change of
language that the Senator suggests.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be so modified.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the reso-
lution be printed and laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 140) to provide for a commission
to examine and report on meters for distilled
spirits, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (H.
R. No. 369) to prevent frauds in the collection
of the tax oa distilled spirits, and the enrolled
bill (S. No. 89) for the relief of Orlaf E.
Dreutzer, late consul of the United States to
the kingdom of Norway ; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore of
the Senate.
CORPORATIONS IN TIIE DISTRICT.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S.
No. 102) providing for the formation of cor-
porations and regulating the same in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
The reading of the bill not having been con-
cluded at one o'clock,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sec-
retary will suspend the reading. The time
has arrived when it becomes the duty of the
Chair to call up the unfinished business of
yesterday, which is the bill (H. R. No. 213)
to suspend further reduction of the currency.
Mr. HARLAN. I would request that the
special order be postponed at least until the
reading of the bill is concluded.
