1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
319
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Internal Tax-—Mr. Schenck.
Ho. op Heps.
was a provision for the investment of power in
officers not recognized nor provided for in -the
revenue laws of the country, I myself offered
a resolution calling upon the Secretary of the
Treasury for information as to the reason for
their creation, and the conferring of power
upon them outside of the law. You may re-
member his answer. It is on record. The
Secretary of the Treasury, in explaining what
lie had done, informed ns that his action was
necessary, because he could not trust the offi-
cers of the revenue who were employed in these
different cities, but was compelled to create a
board to sit perpetually and watch them. We
said then it would have been far better for the
Secretary of the Treasury to have removed the
defaulting and rascally officers; but lie threw
himself upon that confession before Congress
and before the country, and I am very well
satisfied that the confession did but disclose
the proof that he stood aghast in the center of
liis cordon of officials, knowing that they were
stealing the revenue which it was his duty to
see collected, and he had deemed it impossible
to correct the evil without setting somebody
else to watch the rogues he had in his employ.
Now, then, I want to get rid of that whole
necessity, and I end upon this point, as I began,
with admitting that this is very great power to
be conferred upon a single officer—not much
greater, however, by the way, thanisexercised,
under some degree of supervision, it is true,
but almost without control, by the collector of
customs having an official army under him at
the port of New York ; but it is great power to
be conferred upon any one officer. And yet
while this great power is thus conferred, and as
I claim necessarily conferred, I hope gentle-
men will find as they advance further through
the bill and see its different provisions, that we
have taken good care to hold this officer him-
self to the completest account for that which
he may be called upon to do. When we come
to discuss those sections of the bill it may be
thatlshall have many more illustrations to give
to the House from facts which I have collected
by investigations made at the revenue depart-
ment in relation to the bad working of the pres-
ent, system ; but I leave it for the present.
I desire now to ask the attention of the
committee to the peculiar features of the law
which we propose as it regards the organization
of the internal revenue department. I have
prepared the following table, which exhibits in
brief a statement of the number of officers
employed in the department proper or office of
internal revenue under the existing law, and
the number which we propose by the bill:
OFFICERS AND CLERKS IX IXTERXAL REVENUE DEPART-
$6,000
3,51)0
6,000
17,500
4.(«0
MENT IK WASHINGTON.
Present law.
1 commissioner 
1 deputy commissioner   
2 deputy commissioners, at $3,000 
7 heads of departments, at $2,500 
i solicitor  a n
34 clerks, class    Si.nnn
45 clerks, class 3  ,$000
50 clerks, class 2  'V'Y™
37 c-erks. class 1  ^4.400
55 female clerks, at $900  4J,500
5 mes?eiifferst at $840 
3 assistant messengers, at $/20  n't-a
15 laborers % 
Total $350.210
Proposed law.
1 commissioner 
1 assistant commissioner   
6 deputy commissioners, at $3,000  io.uuu
1 solicitor  4,000
25 clerks, class 4  |5,000
40 clerks, class 3..
40 clerks, class 2  
25 clerks, class 1 
o0 temale clcrks, at $900 
3 messengers, at $810 ... 
3 assistant messengeis, at $720. .
10 laborers', at  <530  
Total 
64.000
56.000
30,000
45.000
2.520
, 2.100
6,300
2S.US0
o50.2i0
Le&^cost by proposed law ^67,030
Tt will be seen that under the present law
there is one commissioner ata salary of $6,000.
We propose to retain him at the same salary;
There are three deputy commissioners at sala-
ries of $3,500, $8,000, and $2,000 respect-'
ively. Instead of these three1 deputy commis-
sioners, we propose one assistant commissioner
and six deputy commissioners, .for reasons
which I shall presently explain. Under the
present law there are seven heads of divisions,
at §2.500 each. We propose to dispense with
them altogether. The solicitor we retain. The
thirty-four fourth-class clerks we reduce to
twenty-five; the thirty-five third-class clerks
we make forty; the fifty second-class clerks
we reduce to forty ; the thirty-seven first-class
clerks we reduce to twenty-five ; the fifty-
five female cleiks we reduce to fifty ; the five
messengers to three messengers; the three
assistant messengers we retain ; and the fifteen
laborers we reduce to ten. Under the present
law a number of officers are provided for,
with salaries amounting in tile aggregate to
$350,210. We, although we have the six dep-
uties I have spoken of, have provided only lor
a number of officers with aggregate salaries
amounting to $'288,180—a saving of $07,030
per year on salaries in this organization.
There are other officers, however, in the
general service of the Department under the
present law. During the last month, when the
numbers were obtained, I find that there were
two hundred and forty collectors and two hun-
dred and forty assessors, and there were three
thousand four hundred and forty-four assistant
assessors. These three thousand four hundred
and forty-four assistant assessors I must, in
justice, 'however, to She Department and its
administration, admit have now been reduced
by some four or five hundred, mainly under the
effect of the law which we passed relieving
manufactures from assessment upon valuation.
There are eleven revenue agents under the
existing law, ten under one clause, and one
appointed under another, with an aggregate
saiary of $23,000. There are two hundred
and eighty-eight revenue inspectors. There
are thirty special agents of one class at five
dollars a day, two of another class at six dol-
lars a day, two of another class at seven dol-
lars a day, and one of ten dollars a day, mak-
ing an aggregate of §67,890 for those inspectors
ancl agents. This gives, however, but a shadow,
as it°were, of the whole number employed,
because I find that in addition to the officers
I have named, on the 10th of April last, there
were six hundred and thirty-eight general
inspectors of spirits, six hundred and ninety-
one inspectors of tobacco, snuff, and cigais,
and one hundred and forty-fi ve inspectors of coal
oil. What, we propose is a system by which
we shall sweep out of existence, as gentlemen
•will find on reading further in the bill, all this
arrav of inspectors of spirits, coal oil, and
tobacco, who are now employed by the Gov-
ernment nominally, but paid by distillers and
others, and belong to the distillers or manu-
facturers. We propose to do away with all
these revenue agents and with all special agents
of every kind, and to confine ourselves to store-
keepers and gangers who, under the direction
of the local officers, shall perform the duties
of these inspectors, but who shall be paid some
proper compensation by the Government.
On comparing the present law with the pro-
posed law, we find that the aggregate cost
under the present law for the officers whom 1
named was $4,362,170, and under the pro-
posed law we provide for 53,672,200, being
§689,970 less than the existing law, with this,
however, to be considered in that connection:
that is. that we shall probably make no redac-
tion of the actual d'uect expenses on the part
of the Government, because in tnis statement
is not included storekeepers. _ We propose
that storekeepers hereafter shall be paid by
the Government at the different distilleries
and warehouses where they are employed.
That being the case, it will priibably take
nearly a million of dollars to pay the per diem
of all these storekeepers, at-four or five dol-
lars ; whatever.sum may be fixed-by the House.
We have-reported it- at five--dollars' per day.
Thus the actual expenditures for all these out-
side officers in the reven-fiO service may even
be some two or three hundred-'thousand dol-
lars more than under the existing law.
Why are we willing' to do that? '■ Because ive
believe that for that direct expenditure in the
payment of these classes of subordinate officers
we will be many hundredfold reimbursed by
havingthem depend upon the Government and
not upon those to whom they are sent.
How does this thing work now ? Probably
some gentlemen may have been making the
same observations 1 have, and will confirm what
I am about, to say. In some country district
represented by some gentlemen here upon this
floor there is possibly a distillery, and the same
is, I suppose, equally true, in some form or
other, in regard to distilleries in the cities.
An inspector is sent to that distillery td remain
there, in charge under a law which provides
that he shall receive a per diem compensation
from the distiller.
What is the consequence ? The moment he
arrives at the distillery he is taken intothe con-
fidence of the distiller, perhaps cairied to his
house to board, free of all expense, made to
feel in every way that he gets his pay and em-
ployment from the distiller, and not from the
Government lie professes to serve; and by a
natural process of reasoning and feeling on his
patt he very soon settles down into a habit of
thought confoimingtothe idea that he belongs
not to the Government but to the distiller.
A gentleman near me asks if* he will not get
pay from both sides if the Government pays
hnn, instead of from one side, as now. We
have recommended in our bill, and I will pres-
ently refer to it, a system of supervision in
the different judicial districts by competent and
responsible officers provided for that, purpose,
with power on the the part of those office! s and
with the- Commissioner of Internal Revenue
alike to change storekeepers from distillery to
distillery and warehouse to warehouse; thus
preventing them from growing fixed in their
places, like snails and barnacles attached ti>
the particular distillery to which they may have
been originally sent, and keeping them going
from place to place under the eye of the Gov-
ernment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN", (Mr. Pomeroy m the
chair.) The gentleman's hour has expired.
Mr. NIB LACK. 1 move that the gentle-
man's time be indefinitely extended.
No objection was made.
Mr. SOHENCK. i thank the committee for
this extension. 1 had no idea that in the ex-
planation I am making 1 bad occupied so much
of their time, for I have not been watching the
clock. .
To resume. We are willing, for the sake ot
asserting the great principle that each officer
must be employed by the Government, and
look to the Government, and be responsible
entirely to the Government, to adopt a system
which shall cost possibly some two or three
hundred thousand dollars more in the collec-
tion of the taxes, while we shall save, perhaps,
more than millions upon millions by changing
the system and the practice.
There is another thing to which I have but
alluded, but which I will now explain. I have
said that we get rid of the whole tribe of rev-
enue and special agents. Under the present
law a revenue agent, operating in a certain dis-
trict, it may be in Illinois, Indiana, or Aew
York, is sent with power to'go into any district
and make seizures right and left; assume it 1
She functions of the local officers; be account-
able to none of these local ohieers, and m
practice, i must confess, scarcely accountants
fo the oential officer here. And yet the col-
