1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1819
breaking with disloyal employers by the fearof being
houseless in the wm try season and of exposing their
wives and little ones to the danger of starvation.
Although the returns will not probably show that
more than 81,000 votes have been east for the consti-
tution, we are nevertheless satisfied that a hundred
and twenty thousand loyal voters sympathize with
us m our efforts to reconstruct the State, and will
hail with joy the admission of Alabama under the
proposed constitution.
ALBERT GRIFFIN,
JOHN E. KEFFER,
B. W. NORRIS,
JOHN HORDY,
GEORGE E. SPENCER,
PIERCE BURTON.
Though a disfranchised citizen of Alabama I in-
dorse the statement of facts set forth above.
JOSHUA MORSE.
District of Columbia, Washington county, ««.• On
this 29th February, 1868, beforo mc personally ap-
peared Albert Griffin, John C. ICeifer, John Hordy,
George & Spencer, Pierce Burton, and JoshnaMorse,
who, beingr duly sworn, declared that tho facts con-
tained in the foregoing statement are true, to thebest
of their knowledge, information, and belief.
Sworn beforo me, JOHN ]?. CALLAN,
Notary Public.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, that is
a summary statementof the condition of things
in Alabama. The committee have liad before
them some two hundred affidavits, made by
various people, white and colored, all tending
to support the. statement of these gentlemen.
Many of these affiants were themselves dis-
charged after voting; some of them, though
threatened with discharge if they did vote, took
the risk. It is shown that the most atrocious
and outrageous threats were made; that a sys-
tem of ostracism, social and financial, pre-
vailed in that State; that the poor white men
of the State, of whom there are a great many
who are loyal, and who desired the adoption
oftlie constitution, were deterred by thousands
from voting upon the adoption or rejection of
the constitution. The threats of the taskmas-
ters and employers had more effect upon the
poor white men than upon the blacks.
Besides, as is stated in the communication
which has been read, a fearful storm, unusual
in that country, prevailed for several days be-
fore and during the election. The streams
were so swollen (and the streams, as these gen-
tlemen state, are usually unbridged) that it
was impossible without very great danger to
cross them. We have affidavits before us show-
ing that many of the colored men swam these
streams, crossing the currents of running ice,
to get to the polls to vote; and in some in-
stances after doing that they were compelled
to stand in the storm for two days before they
could get an opportunity to vote. In some in-
stances, even then, they could not get their
votes in during that election, and, without vot-
ing, they were compelled to swim back over
these streams.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman yield to
me to ask him a question?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. WOOD. I ask the gentleman whether
these facts, admitting they are facts, as now
stated, warrant us in disregarding the laws of
Congress ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We think that the
facts I have stated, and those which I shall
state, warrant the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion in reporting this bill and will warrant Con-
gress in admitting the State of Alabama into
the Union.
Mr. WOOD. Notwithstanding existing law?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Notwithstanding ex-
isting law. We had proof before us that one
man, in attempting to swim a stream to get to
the place of voting, was drowned. Yet, sir,
he is counted against the constitution because
he was registered. It is a very different thing
voting down a constitution by staying at home
and defeating it by the majority of votes
cast at the election. It was easy to prevail
upon men to stay at home and away from the
polls. Not a majority of the votes cast was
necessary, but a majority of the registered
voters. There was a report circulated all over
Alabama that the election had been postponed.
There had also been changes in the number of
voting places in the different counties. At
first many more places were fixed for voting
than were afterward used for that purpose..
Persons went to those places which had been
abandoned as voting places and were told by
the rebels and secessionists that the election
had been postponed and they were fooling
away their time to hunt up places for voting.
These men then went home while polls were
open at other places in the county. At some
places but one polling place was open for a
whole county, and the voters were required to
travel from twenty to thirty and forty miles to
reach the_ polls, and that through a piercing
storm, swimming streams, carrying their lun-
cheons with them, and standing in a pitiless
storm for two or three days before they could
vote. All sorts of contrivanccs were resorted
to by the enemies of the constitution and re-
construction to hinder and delay voting at the
polls, by frivolous objections, by challenges, &c.
The rebels contrived to throw every obstacle
in the way for the purpose of preventing the
votes being polled.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as I have said, the Com;
mittee on Reconstruction were entirely satis-
fied, from the facts before them, that the ma-
jority of the registered voters of Alabama were
in favor of the adoption of this constitution,
and would have voted for it if they could have
been allowed to do so.
In some of the counties the poll-books were
seized by violence and destroyed. At some
polls the poll-lists wore seized by violence and
destroyed and the elections broken up. With
all of, these facts before us—and I have a
bundle of affidavits which I will not consume
the time of tho House in reading—with the fact
before us, sir, that both Houses of Congress
have, by a large majority, passed a bill which
wilMiecome the law, if not now the law, requir-
ing in the other unreconstructed States only a
majority of the votes cast for the adoption of
the constitution, we cannot see any good rea-
son why we should turn Alabama back and say
to her loyal people, " After all you have gone
through; after all your trials; notwithstanding
you have cast your votes in the midst of men-
aces fBld threats; cast them, although dis-
charge from employment for so doing was
before them ; after you have done your duty,
although starvation stared you, your wives and
children, in tho face—you shall go back and
vote over again before you shall be admitted
into this Union as a State." If we do not ad-
mit Alabama now, at the next vote on the rati-
fication of her constitution under the law I have
referred to only a majority of the votes cast
will be required.
Now, sir, for these reasons and others I may
state, and which, no doubt, will be stated in
this debate, the committee have reported this
bill for the admission of Alabama. We make
it conditional that her Representatives shall not
be admitted upon this floor until her Legislature,
elected at this same election, shall have ratified
the fourteenth article of the Constitutution.
We also require, not as a condition-prece-
dent, but as a fundamental condition to tlie ad-
mission of Alabama and her representation in
Congress as one of the States in the Union, that
she shall never abridge or restrict the right of
suffrage of citizens of the United States on ac-
count of race, color, or previous condition of
slavery.
Mr. LOAN. I would like to ask the gentle-
man this question: when Alabama is admitted
on these terms, how do you reconcile it with
the admission of other States without the same
conditions? Do you not admit Alabama on
terms of inequality with other States? And
how can your fundamental condition be en-
forced by Congress in the event that Alabama
does not comply with it?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. She is to be ad-
mitted on an equal footing with the other
States. She is to be admitted just as Min-
nesota and many other new States were, upon
a condition which becomes a compact between
that State and the United States, that she will
or will not do this or that. Congress has re-
quired conditions of several States in the act
of admission. It has required that they shall
do so and so with school lands, that certain
acts shall be done and that certain other
things shall not be done. It is a part of the
compact of admission.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask a question ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. WOOD. Suppose the State of Alabama
is admitted under these conditions, and that
next year or the year after she violates these
conditions, how does the gentleman propose
to get her out of the Union again?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, sir, if she is
admitted, having ratified the constitutional
amendment, that has become a part of the Con-
stitution of the United States, and she cannot
very well undo that act. As to how we will get
her outof the Union, we do not propose to take
her out of it, but we propose to reserve to Con-
gress the right, in ease she does annul orabridge
tho right of her citizens to the franchise, to
annul any such act of the State of Alabama.
Mr. WOOD. And put her out of the Union.
You cannot do it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If a State is admit-
ted with that fundamental condition it is a con-
tract. When Congress reserves this right,
Alabama knows it; she comes in with that
reservation, and she is estopped from denying
the right of Congress.
Mr. KERR. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask a question?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would rather not
continue this kind of discussion, for the reason
that I do not wish to occupy but thirty minutes,
and I wish to make a proposition to the House,
that the debate be limited to speeches of thirty
minutes each. I have no doubt many gentle-
men desire to discuss the subject.
Mr. BOYER and Mr. BECK objected.
Mr. KERR. I hope at least that the gentle-
man's colleague will be allowed an hour.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well; let the
rule apply after my colleague has spoken an
hour.
Mr. KELLEY and Mr. BOYER objected.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I move that
the bill be recommitted.
Mr. LOAN. I would like to ask the gentle-
man if he can inform the House what number
of white votes were cast for the ratification of "
this constitution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot; but I can
state this: that there are in that State nearly
thirty thousand white men who are in full sym-
pathy with liberty-loving citizens and friends
of reconstruction ?
Mr. LOAN. So I have heard, but I want to
know why they did not vote.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to say in answer to that inquiry that one thou-
sand men voted against the constitution, and
they were supposed to be white men who did
vote.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have already said
that the threats and menaces of the planters
and the wealthy men of Alabama had much
more effect upon the poor loyal white men than
upon the black men. The law of caste, the
refusal to associate with, to trust, or to employ
them, had more terror for tho white men than
for the black men. Many of the white men of
Alabama are as poor as the black men. They
are dependent entirely upon the planters for
employment. These men were told, before they
went to the polls to vote,' 'You will bedischargcd
if you vote for that constitution," and before
noon of the first day hundreds and hundreds
of those men who had voted were discharged.
That, of course, was noised about all over the
State. There was not a community, not a
man in that State, but knew that these threats
were staring every man in the face, and that
if any man went to the polls and voted for the
constitution he would probably be discharged.
Mr. LOAN. Now, one more question, and
