1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3867
month; even our customs duties for the last
month are only about one half what they were
a year ago. We have repealed nearly all our
internal revenue taxes. We shall not be in
the receipt of any large amount of revenue for
four or five months to come; and I can assure
the Senator from West Virginia that the Treas-
ury every month obtain this, and next Novem-
ber will need all that itcangetfrom petroleum
or anything else. We are dragging on the very
sands, not afloat. I trust we shall do nothing,
when we are every day increasing our expend-
itures, to impair the amount of our receipts
into the Treasury.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 18, nays 16; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cattell, Conkling, Con-
ness, Davis, Fowler, Henderson, Hendricks, John-
soil, MeCreery. Ponieroy, Ilamsey. Ross, Sumner,
Van Winkle, Viekers, YVilley, and Wilson—18.
KAYS—Messrs. Drake, Ferry,Fessenden. Harlan,
McDonald, Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
. Osborn, Patterson of New Hampshire, Sherman, Tip-
ton, Wade, Welch, Williams and Yates—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cameron,
Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Cragin, Dixon, Doolittle,
Edmunds, Frelinghuysen, (rHines, Howard, Howe,
Morrill of Maine, Norton, Nye, Patterson of Ten-
nessee, Rico, Saulsbury, Sprague, Stewart, Thayer,
and Trumbull—24.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the bill
by striking out'' four," in line eighteen of page
76 and section fifty-eight, and inserting "six;"
so as to make the proviso read:
Provided, That a like ta.x of six dollars on each
barrel counting forty gallons of proof-spirits to the
barrel, shall be assessed and collected from the
owner of any distillod spirits which may bo in any
bonded warehouse, &c.
I will state to the chairman of the commit-
tee that this amendment is in that part of the
bill which provides for a tax on whisky in
bond. If I understand the bill correctly that
class of whisky now has an advantage in the
rate of tax levied. Fifty cents is levied as a
tax on whisky at the still, and four dollars a
barrel, which is equal, we are told, to ten
cents a gallon, and then, in addition, a tax on
the material out of which the whisky is made,
which I have understood from members of
the committee amounts to four or five cents on
the gallon; but the whisky in bond is taxed
fifty cents and four dollars a barrel only, and
thus escapes one part of the burden that is
levied on whisky at the still.
I have also been informed that whisky in
shipment from the We.it to the Bast loses (out-
er five per cent, in leakage on account of
handling, and the whisky in bond will derive
an advantage in that regard also of several
cents on the gallon. Unless there is some
reason that I am not aware of for giving
whisky in bond this advantage it seems to me
the amendment ought to be adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will look
at the bill he will find that the tax on whisky
in bond is precisely the same all the way
through with that on whisky to be distilled in
the future. There was a complaint that the
House bill did not allow the same length of
time for taking the whisky out of bond that
would be allowed to the distiller to sell his
whisky ; and we have made it the same, twelve
months. Whisky under this bill will pay, first, a
direct tax of fifty cents a gallon, and then a
tax of four dollars per barrel of forty gallons,
or ten cents, so that the aggregate tax is sixty
cents. There is no other tax on whisky. It is
true there is a tax of four dollars a day for a
distillery running with a capacity of one hun-
dred barrels; but that is in the nature of a
Ik ense tax.
Mr. HARLAN. Is there not a tax levied
on the mash?
Mr. SHERMAN. No; that was discussed
yesterday. The provision to which the Sena-
tor refers is simply a mode of ascertaining the
quantity of spirits made from a given amount of
grain. That clause does not levy a tax. _ There
is no tax on the mash, none on the grain; but
there is a provision declaring that every bushel
of grain that goes into a distillery shall yield
not less than three gallons of whisky.
Mr. HARLAN. What is the amount of tax
now by the gallon at the still under this bill
altogether? What does the Senator estimate
it at?
Mr. SHERMAN. Sixty cents; and the
expense of gauging, <tc., which the distillers
have to pay, has been estimated to bring the
whole, including their license tax, up to about
sixty-three or sixty-four cents a gallon ; but
the holders of the whisky in bond have to pay
the expense of gauging and marking it just the
same as the manufacturers do on the distilled
whisky.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire, then, if the chair-
man considers that there is no difference be-
tween the levy on the whisky at the still and
the levy on whisky in bond.
Mr. SHERMAN. None whatever, unless
you consider this a difference: that, whisky to
be distilled hereafter, as a matter of course
will have to bear its part of what is called the
daily tax—four dollars a day. That would be
hardly appreciable on the gallon. That is the
only difference I know of.
Mr. McCREERY. I will point out the dif-
ference to both Senators, a difference that I
want removed. On page GO it is provided :
That tliore shall bo appointed by the Secretary of
the Treasury such number of internal revenue store-
keepers as may be necessary, tho compensation of
each of whom shall bo determined by tho Commis-
sioner of In torn al Revenue, not exceeding iivedollars
per day, to be paid by tho United States, one or more
of whom shall be assigned by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue to every distillery warehouse estab-
lished by law.
If the Senate would just let the provision
stand as it was passed by the House of Rep-
resentatives, there would be no distinction
between these bonded warehouses and the dis-
tilleries ; but this provision contains a distinc-
tion, and a distinction that I want avoided by
standing by the bill as it was passed by the
House, and let this per diem be allowed to any
man attending to any bonded warehouse estab-
lished by law. Let the bonded whisky and
the distilled whisky stand precisely on an
equality. As far as 1 am able to discover, the
intention of the committee, was to place them
on terms of equality, but they do discriminate
in favor of distilleries by assigning them a man
at five dollars per day. If that is done, a man
should also be assigned to the bonded ware-
houses.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Iowa
will see that this is not a difference, because
in both cases the expense of this office is paid
by the United States. The fees of the inspector
in one case, who has charge of the bonded
warehouse, are paid by the United States ; the
fees of tho officers provided for in the part of
the bill read by the Senator from Kentucky
are paid by the United States. The only dif-
ference is this, and the Committee on Finance
made it at the request of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue: the bill as sent to us by
the House of Representatives fixed the rate at
five dollars a day for all distilleries, but the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue said that
in some of the country distilleries they did
not run much, and it ought to be left to his
discretion, that he will be able in country dis-
tricts to get a proper person at two or three or
fourdollars a day to be employed temporarily ;
but that expense is paid by the United States,
and does not rest as a burden on the whisky
at all.
Mr. McCREERY. You provide here for a
"distillery warehouse," striking out "bonded"
before "warehouse" in the House bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill abolishes the
bonded warehouse. The only reason the
word "bonded" is in is because Ihe House
bill as it was originally framed provided for
removal in bond, and afterward, by a change
in the House, that feature was stricken out of
the bill, but in two or three cases they left the
word "bonded" in the bill by mistake. Those
errors we have corrected to adapt the language
of the bill to the change made in the House.
Mr. FOWLER. Are the bonded warehouses
abolished ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; except those
that now have whisky in store.
Mr. McCREERY. They will not be abol-
ished for twelve months under the operation
of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. It makes no difference
tothe owner of the spirits. The Senator is
mistaken about it.
Mr. POMEIiOY. I understand that they
will be abolished as soon as the whisky is
removed. They remain until the whisky is
removed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think that if there is
any difference between the whisky in bond and
the whisky to be manufactured it is in favor
of the man who has the whisky yet to make.
Tlie bonded whisky has been in warehouse for
a considerable length of time, and I suppose
more or less expenses have been incurred in
consequence of its being stored. In addition
to that, it is yearly diminished some four gal-
lons per barrel by evaporation.
Mr. HARLAN. With these explanations
from members of the committee 1 shall not
insist on the amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Another remark." The
law compels all these men to put the whisky
on the market within a year. If you put on a
high tax of six dollars a barrel they cannot
sell it without a great sacrifice.
Mr. EDM UNDS. I wish to ask the Senator
from Oregon, who understands this subject
much better than I do, whether the whisky
increases in value by tho barrel in the ware-
house from the time it is put in, the longer it
remains, for a reasonable length of time, say
three or four years.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose it does, as a
matter of course.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does not that increase in
value more than counterbalance the loss in
auantity by evaporation? Is not the quality of
the article so much improved all the time as to
make it worth more at the end of the year than
when first put in? That was the argument that
was pressed upon us when we were on the
subject of taxing it, that it would be ruinous
to compel the distillers to pay the tax at once
at the distillery, because it was necessary that
the whisky should he kept some time before it
was marketable in ordei-that if might improve.
Now, if the result of keeping is that it dimin-
ishes in quantity and does not improve in value,
and the expenses eat it up, the sooner they
pay the tax the luckier they will be.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The gentleman is exceed-
ingly astute, and imagines, I suppose, that he
has discovered some inconsistency in what 1
have said.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not at all.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have not said that the
whisky did not improve in value by remaining
.in warehouse. I have no doubt that it does
improve in value; but at the same time it dimin-
ishes in quantity, and to that is to be super-
added the expense of storage and the necessity
that this whisky should be all put upon the
market within one year. The argument that
I made upon the other question was that it
would be ruinous to require the distiller to pay
two dollars per gallon upon raw whisky before
he could put it out of his distillery. 1 did not
argue that he might not pay a reasonable tax,
twenty-five or fifty cents upon a gallon. That
was the argument that I made yesterday, and
I do not perceive that it is inconsistent with
the present argument. Now, as the bill stands,
the man who makes the whisky only pays his
fifty cents per gallon upon the raw whisky as
it comes from the still, while the other man,
with additional expenses, has to pay fifty cents
on I he whisky in bond.
Mr. ROMEROY. I apprehend that the
increase in the value of the whisky is only
about equal to the interest of the money.
You deposit whisky in warehouse, and it
increases in value from year to year about the
interest of the money, I think. I do not think
it will increase faster than that, and the evap-
oration will decrease and lessen the quantity
equal to ten per cent.
