1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
435
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By com-
mon consent that may be done informally. If
there is no objection it will be done.
Mr. SHERMAN. As I understand, the
Senator merely desires to have the reading of
the bill concluded. He does not wish to pass
it afterward. I
Mr. HARLAN. No, not this morning.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sec-
retary will proceed with the reading.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un- |
finished business of yesterday will now be
taken up.
CONTRACTION OF THE CURRENCY.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 213) to suspend further contraction of the
currency.
Mr. "EDMUNDS. I offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the bill:
Provided, That nothing in this act or any other act
or acts of Congress shall be construed to authorize
any increase of United States notes or other lawful
money beyond the amount thereof now outstanding.
I ask for the yeas and nays on the amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. In the first place there
is no possible use for this amendment, be-
cause the actual amount of United States notes
is limited to $400,000,000, and that sum can-
not be exceeded except for one particular pur-
pose ; that is, a reserve as provided for to meet
temporary liabilities. Now there are tempo-
rary liabilities outstanding, and this reserve
may possibly be called upon to pay those tem-
porary liabilities. I will mention some. The
three per cent, certificates are payable on de-
mand, and if at any time the banks should be
pressed they might demand the money for these
three per cent, certificates, and the reserve is
absolutely necessary to enable the Secretary
of the Treasury now or at some future time to
meet them. That is an emergency which may
perhaps arise.
The notes that have been taken in and can-
celed cannot be reissued. I know no law
under which a United States note once can-
celed can be reissued or anything put in its
place as a substitute; but the Senator from
Maine is probably more familiar with the law
and practice on that point than I am. Under
the law when a note is brought in ordinarily
it may be reissued, but when it is canceled
under the authority conferred by the act of
April 12, 1866, that is the end of the note; it
cannot be reissued. But this amendment may
interfere with the operation of the reserve pro-
vided for to meet an emergency which may pos-
sibly arise. It can do no good, and it may do
harm. I trust, therefore, the Senate will not
adopt it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. One object which I had
in proposing this amendment was to elicit
from the chairman of the Finance Committee
and from other Senators their views. I want
to know, and I think a good many other peo-
ple in the country want to know, whether it is
the purpose of the Finance Committee and of
this body to increase the amount of depreci-
ated and dishonored paper of this Government
payable on demand in coin to-day beyond what
it now is. We have been told so far—not very
directly, it is true, but that is the inference
which has been apparently intended to be left
on our minds—that the policy of this bill and
its fellow measures is only to suspend our steps
in the direction of reducing the volume of our
notes to a point where we can pay them for a
reasonable and temporary time until the busi-
ness of the country shall have adjusted itself
to existing conditions, and that then we are to
go on again in the right direction to reach
what every gentleman who has spoken believes
to be the true theory—if we have any notes
out to have notes that we are ready to pay on
demand if we promise to pay them on demand.
On the other hand, there is a feeling in the
country in some quarters, as is well known—
and it is maintained by some gentlemen who
are entitled or who claim to be entitled to the
position of statesmen and financiers—that the
true salvation of the country is to be found in
swelling the volume of inconvertible paper |
that we now have out to I do not know how 1
expansive a condition. |
Under these circumstances I think it due to
us, I think it due to the country, that we should
have no disguises about this business. If it is
right and beneficial to the country to expand
the volume of our notes that we cannot pad
and that are dishonored, let us say so frankly
and openly, and let those who support that
view be responsible for it.. If, on the'other
hand, this is merely a temporary measure to
stop contraction for the time being, and to do
only that, let us say so clearly to the country
and in the law, that there may be no mistake
about it, that .nothing in the existing state of
our legislation in this connection shall be con-
strued to authorize a retrograde movement in
the direction of expansion again. I submit to
my friend from Ohio if, aside from the specific
objection made, that is not fair and right, just
to all sections of the country, just to all classes
of business men ? It seems to me that it is.
■ Now I come to the special objection that is
made by my friend. He says this interferes
with the reserve. Well, when the reserve
measure was passed the state of our obligations
and of our distresses was such that it was ne-
cessary to give the Secretary of the Treasury
the power to use some elastic force, so to speak,
for the time being, in order to retrieve him-
self from embarrassment that might otherwise
happen. But, sir, that condition of things has
gone by ; the demand obligations have become
enormously reduced from what they were at that
time. One of the strongest arguments which
has been used in favor of the passage of this
very bill reported by the committee is that no
one man ought to have the power to expand or
to contract the currency at will, and yet it is now
asserted, in opposition to this amendment, that
the objection to it is that it takes away from
the Secretary of the Treasury the power to
expand the legal tender currency from $356,-
000,000, where it now stands, to $450,000,000,
leaving to him a discretion covering almost
one hundred millions. Is that right, if the
argument of yesterday was right? It apjiears
to me not. There is no necessity in the exist-
ing state of things that the Secretary should
have any power to make use of this reserve for
a special purpose such as intimated by the
Senator from Ohio, because, as was demon-
strated by him yesterday, in respect to the com-
! pound-interest notes held as a reserve by the
banks, the use of this currency for this special
purpose unlocks an equal amount of currency
of other kinds for other purposes, so that it
amounts really to a power ia the Secretary of
the Treasury to expand to-morrow, if you pass
the bill in this form, from three hundred and
fifty-six to four hundred and fifty million
dollars. Now, if there was sound sense in
what we were told yesterday as the motive
for the passage of this bill—that the Secretary
of the Treasury ought not, nor ought any other
man, to be invested with a discretion to dimin-
ish at the rate of nearly four millions per
month—is it not equally true that he ought
not to have the discretion to expand at the
rate of $94,000,000 in three months or in one
week if he pleases? It seems so to me. There-
fore, Mr. President, if we are in real earnest
I that this bill only means that we are to hold
things just as they are, with $356,000,000 o f
legal-tender notes out, let us say so in a way
that cannot be mistaken.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator can point
! me out any law which would authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to reissue these notes
after they have been canceled I should then
think there was some use in arguing this ques-
tion. There is no provision of law that I know
of which would authorize him to issue more
legal-tender notes except tho proviso of the
second section of the act of June 30, 1864,
which sets aside a reserve of $50,000,000 to
redeem temporary loans; and I think to that
extent, perhaps, notes might be issued. The
three per cent, certificates may well be called
a temporary loan, because tliey are payable on
demand. I think it quite within the range of
possibility that the money market might be-
come so stringent that a demand might be
made on him for the payment of the three per
cent, certificates, and he might perhaps prop-
erly issue a portion of this reserve to pay them.
But the same law requires him to retire the
reserve as soon as possible.
I think the effect of the amendment will only
be to embarrass the bill, and it will not accom-
plish the object the Senator desires, because
there is no lavr now that I know of which
authorizes the Secretary to issue a single dol-
lar of legal-tender notes except for the pur-
pose I have stated. If there is any such law
1 should like to have it pointed out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am glad to respond to
my friend so far as I understand the question.
It is a mere legal question, and he may under-
stand it better than I do ; but I understand the
effect of these laws to be to limit the amount
of legal-tender notes, or United States notes,
as the technical phrase is, to $400,000,000
proper. I understand the force and- legal effect
of that to be that the Secretary of the Treasury,
in the course of his business operations, in
making disbursements, is authorized to issue
United States notes to that extent. Now, he
has reduced his issues, so that he has but
$356,000,000 outstanding. I believe that in
point of law he has authority to-morrow, if he
chooses to do it, to pay any existing obligation
of the United States that is due, whatever its
form may be, (unless it is due in coin,) and the
creditor is bound to receive the paper, and to
do that he can go up from three hundred and
fifty-six to four hundred million dollars; and the
mere fact that he has at this time by authority of
law reduced the amount outstanding below the
$400,000,000 does not deprive him of the power,
when the course of his business requires him
to exercise that discretion, to run it up again.
I may be mistaken in that construction ; but
inasmuch as it is a construction held by a good
many other gentlemen besides myself, I re-
spectfully submit to ray friend whether, if we
desire to keep the outstanding amount limited
to what it is, it is not best to say so in plain
words. What hurt does it do if we want to
reach that end ? I see the force of what'the
Senator said as to this reserve, and that would
be a very strong reason against putting on this
amendment in this form, because it will cutoff*
the reserve, if there was the same necessity for
the reserve now that there was at the time the
law authorized it. But the original theory, the
original plan, upon which we proceeded, was
that we would not go beyond $400,000,000 of
United States notes in any event; but in view
of the enormous amount of outstanding tem-
porary obligations that then existed it was
thought necessary to enable the Secretary of
the Treasury to meet the sudden coming-in of
large amounts of them to give him this tem-
porary discretion for that specific temporary
purpose. Now the time has gone by, as I have
said, when there is such an enormous amount
outstanding as to require this degree of discre-
tionary elasticity, so to phrase it. As I said
before, if there is good reason for not trusting
the Secretary of the Treasury to reduce at the
rate of $4,000,000 a month, there is very much
stronger reason for not trusting him with the
power of expansion that I have before de-
scribed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I think
there cannot be in the mind of a lawyer who
will examine these statutes any doubt on this
question. The authority was given to issue
$400,000,000 of legal-tender notes. By the act
of April 12, 1866, the Secretary of the Treasury
was authorized to retire and cancel a portion
of those notes, at the n$te of $4,000,000 a month.
He has retired and canceled notes until now
the amount putatandingTs $356,000,000, There
