2844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
or improper conduct in reference to thfe public
revenue.
Now, sir, suppose, as the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Blaixe] says, that this would place
the appointing power in the hands of the Pres-
ident. Why, my conscience! Is it not there
now ?
Mr. BLAINE. No.
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, it is, by and with the
advice of the Senate.
Mr. BLAINE. Oh, no.
Mr. LOGAN. An officer cannot be sus-
pended or removed except by the advice and
conscnt of the Senate, as I understand the law
already in existence. Now, the President has
the appointing power, and the Secretary of the
Treasury has it, and the object of this bill is to
fix it in the head of one Department and let
that Department be held responsible. If the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue is to be
responsible for the collection of the revenues,
why let him. have such officers as he believes
are honest and efficient, and if he fails in his
judgment, let him answer then on his own
responsibility for that failure. While you leave
the appointment of a part of these officers—the
inspectors—wholly in the hands of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury and the appointment of
assessors and collectors in the hands of the
President, the Commissioner has no power or
control over them in any way whatever. And
when you charge the Secretary with improper
appointments, lie shifts the responsibility on
the President; the President says he would
have removed them if he liad been notified.
Hence you never can get at any one who is
responsible. Each one shifts the responsibil-
ity upon the other. Now, we want to have the
responsibility rest somewhere, and the Com-
missioner himself is the proper person upon
whom that responsibility should rest.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JDDD. I more to amend the section
proposed to be stricken out by inserting after
tire words "per annum," in the ninth line,
the words "and who shall be subject to re-
moval or to suspension from the performance
of the duties of the office only with the advice
and consent of the Senate."
My object in offering this amendment is to
reach the point that has been so much dis-
cussed by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means and by my colleague, [Mr.
Logan,] who has just taken his seat, and to
fix responsibility for the conduct of this depart-
ment upon some single person.
I subscribe most fully to all that has been
said in regard to this triple execution of power.
The responsibility in relation to this most
important branch of the Government, andupon
which its very existence depends, ought to be
placed upon some one individual. If the
President is competent to direct, if the Sec-
retary is competent to control, if the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue is competent
to^ control, then the power might as well be
with one as with three.
It is well known that the actual execution
and performance of the duties of the office
belong to the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue, and it is only questions of appeal, qnes-
tionsof order, which override and control the
decisions of the Commissioner that, as a gen-
eral rule, reach the higher officers. I desire
by this amendment to obviate the objection that
the gentleman from Maine takes. I desire to
fix the responsibility upon one individual, and
when that responsibility is fixed, to prevent
any other official from interfering with his dis-
charge of the duties of the office.
Mr. WOOD. I r;se to oppose the amend-
ment. I am glad that this doctrine of giving
power where there is responsibility is at last
recognized by the majority of this House. It
is the doctrine of the Constitution that where
responsibility is imposed in the discharge of a
public trust the necessary power shall be given
by which to execute and enforce it. That is
the doctrine of the Constitution with reference
to the Pxesident. The President is made the
chief executive officer; the power of enforcing
and administering the laws is given to him, and
yet throughout the whole of this Congress and
the last Congress the effort has been made to
deprive the President of the power to carry
out the laws of Congress.
Now, this first section of the bill and all the
first six sections propose to give to the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue unrestricted
and unlimited power. They place no control
over his acts. He is not obliged to consult the
Senate or the Secretary or the President. Ho
is the solo individual authority, without any
responsibility to any one whatever. There is no
responsibility under this act. It is so indefinite
and vague that you cannot fix the responsi-
bility. You take from the President the power
to enforce tbe law. You hedge him around in
every way. You deprive him even of the ordi-
nary authority of appointing his own clerks;
and now you propose to give to a subordin-
ate officer unlimited and unrestricted power,
because you say that there should be some
responsibility somewhere.
Mr. LOGAN. I would ask the gentleman
from New York, who is speaking of the con-
stitutional power of the Government, whether
it is not provided in the Constitution that the
appointing power shall be in the President and
Senate, or with courts or heads of Departments,
as Congress may determine ?
Mr. WOOD. I referred to that constitu-
tional difficulty last night. The Constitution
has been correctly quoted by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Logax.] But there is
nothing said there about giving the power of
appointment to heads of bureaus.
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir."
Mr. WOOD. You propose to change the
thing by altering the name ; you continue the
bureau, but call it a department, seeking in
that way to avoid a constitutional difficulty.
Now, I suggest, and I do it respectfully, that in
changing the name you cannot change the thing
itself.
Now, I am in favor of consolidation of
executive power. I believe all authority should
be given to the Executive to carry out the laws ;
that is the essence of republican government.
Where the legislative department makes a law
representing the popular will, power should
be given to the executive department to carry
out that will so expressed by the Legislature.
I would not take a subordinate officer, under
whose administration most of these abuses
have been already perpetrated; I'would not
take a subordinate officer, however pure, high,
or experienced he may be, and give him this
unrestricted authority.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the words " subject
to removal," and insert the word "removed."
I do not think this correction needs the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Judd,] however wholesome that amend-
ment may be.
And I hope the section will not be stricken
out as proposed by the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Blaixe.] lie has anticipated the dis-
cussion on this subject. We are not now con-
sidering who shall make these appointments.
That matter is to be taken into consideration
later in the bill. Tbis first section is proposed
simply to settle the question whether this de-
partment shall be double-headed, or whether
it shall have one responsible person at its
head.
Butthe gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaixe]
sees danger in this. He says that if this power
is given exclusively to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, the President may remove
him after the adjournment of Congress, and
thus obtain the control of the whole matter.
Sir, as it is now, the Secretary of the Treasury
does not act, the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue does not act, except as subordinate to
the President. After all, it is a question of
form, and not one of substance.
I have here a list of twenty-seven assessors
and collectors, in regard to whom the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue in July and in
December of last year asked that they might
be removed for causes which he stated. And
to this day, out of the whole twenty-seven,
there has been but one actually removed.
What are the facts? One of these officers
is shown to have employed a clerk at four dol-
lars per week, instructing him to return, under
oath, at fifty dollars per month, which he did,
the assessor retaining the difference between
the two amounts, a direct, palpable swindle
proved upon the assessor. Other gross mis-
conduct is also proved against the assessor.
And to relieve gentlemen on the other side I
will say that this assessor professes to be a
Republican. The President still keeps him in
office.
Now, what does the Secretary of the Treas-
ury report in this case? Why, that they have
the case under consideration for the purpose
of deciding upon a successor. And they have
now been considering the case for the best part
of the year in order to determine who shall
take the place of a thief. And until they find
somebody to be appointed against the wishes
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, per-
haps against the wishes of the Secretary of the
Treasury, who will answer the purpose of a
tool, nobody will be appointed, I suppose.
Now, what is the second case on the list? A
man who is shown to have been guilty of gross
neglcct, by reason of which $100,000 worth of
whisky was withdrawn upon bonds proved to
be worthless, and to have recommended for
appointment as inspector the person through
whom the fraud was perpetrated, and whose
retirement from the office of deputy collector
the sureties of the collector had demanded.
That man is still there.
Now, what is said about him by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury? He says that the Com-
missioner has withdrawn his recommendation
in this case. But by reference to that very
letter, it will be found that the Commissioner
asks, not that his recommendation be with-
drawn, but that action upon his case should
be postponed until the action of the court in
March, in a suit pending against the party.
But, says the Commissioner, "I respectfully
recommend such postponement, not beyond,
however, the close of the March term of the
court." That was last March; and nothing
has yet been done.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I have referred to but
two of these twenty-seven cases. I will try
and give the rest before we are through.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed
to this section. It provides—
That the office of Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue be, and the same is hereby, established and
constituted a department of the Government, to be
designated and known as the department of internal
revenue, the head and chief officer of which depart-
ment shall be thcCommissioner of Internal Revenue,
whose salary shall bo $6,000 per annum.
The proposition is to retain as the head of
this department the present Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, who was originally appointed
as a mere subordinat e of the Treasury Depart-
ment. I oppose this, and I will state the rea-
son. Under the Constitution all officers whose
appointment is not vested in the courts of law
or in the heads of Departments, must be nom-
inated by the President and confirmed by the
Senate. Congress may create, if it pleases, a
new department; but whenever a new depart-
ment is created the head of that department
must be nominated by the President and eon-
firmed by the Senate. Wre cannot by a single
act of Congress create a department and at the
same time elevate a mere subordinate of the
Treasury Department to be the head of such
department. By any such act we attempt to
nominate and appoint to office, a power vested
under the Constitution exclusively in the Pres-
ident, subject to the advice and consent of the
Senate. I say nothing about the character or
competency of the present Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. What I object to is, that
by this bill we propose not only to create a
department,but toappointtheperson who shall
be the head of that department, assuming
thereby executive autferruy*.
