436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
is no authority for him to issue any portion of
that money. j
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a question of :
construction.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is such authority
the Senator ought to show it; upon him rests
the burden of proof. But let me go one step
further. In one of the acts which authorized
the legal-tender notes there is authority to
hold in reserve in the Treasury $50,000,000
of legal tenders to meet temporary liabilities.
We provided by the act of last year for tempo-
rary liabilities, so-called temporary certificates,
to the amount of $50,000,000—precisely the
amount of the reserve—and he has a right to
issue from the reserve any money sufficient to
meet those demands upon temporary certifi-
Mr. FESSENDEN. That power is specifi-
cally conferred in the law providing for them.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, and the amount is
the same. The amount is $50,000,000 specifi-
cally provided for temporary liabilities, and
•that reserve which is provided must be retired
as soon as the exigencies of the Treasury will
allow. There are no temporary liabilities
now except the three per cent, certificates, so
the reserve cannot be used except for that
purpose, and then only on the demand of the
banks holding the certificates. It seems to
me, therefore, it is not worth while to cumber
this bill by an exclusion of a conclusion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If myfriend from Ver-
mont wishes to exclude some conclusion, I sug-
gest to him whether he had better not change
the language of his amendment so as to spe-
cifically provide that our legislation shall not
authorize notes to be issued in place of those
already retired and canceled under the prior
law, leaving the reserve to remain as it is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is another way.
I want to cut off the reserve. I will try the
sense of the Senate on that in the first place,
and if the Senate should be unwilling to agree
to deprive the Secretary of the power to hold
this reserve to issue notes for temporary pur-
poses, which, when issued, make part of the
currency, expand it just so much, and unlock
just so much other currency that is held in
reserve by the banks or other people as before
suggested—if the Senate should be of opinion
that that is going too far, as I am very clear
it is not, then I shall propose to amend by the
same proposition with the addition that this
shall not apply to the reserve.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I think
the honorable Senator from Vermont is ex-
ceedingly anxious to commit the Senate to his
views of the financial policy of the country,
and he cannot wait until the subject comes up
in a proper way for consideration, but seems
to be inclined, by means of resolutions and
other propositions of a general nature, to com-
mit Congress to some policy.
Now, sir, this amendment which he has
offered is wholly unnecessary, and cannot, as
it seems to me, with propriety be attached to
this bill. Nobody will pretend for one moment
that this bill authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue any additional quantity of
Treasury notes, but it simply prevents the
Treasury from any further contraction of the
currency, so that there is no use whatever of
appending to this bill a declaration that it shall
not mean something which it cannot possibly
be made to mean by any sort of construction
that maybe put upon it. And it is not claimed
that there is any law in existence which au-
thorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
additional Treasury notes, and therefore there
is no necessity for construing any laws that do
now exist. And is it proper at this time to
provide by a declaration of Congress—as I
understand this amendment to be—that no
laws which may be hereafter enacted shall be
construed to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue Treasury notes? Suppose
this amendment proposed by the Senator from
Vermont is adopted, and a bill should be pro-
posed before the adjournment of this session
of Congress to authorize the Secretary of the"
Treasury, upon some contingency that may
possibly arise, to issue additional Treasury
notes ; "here we are committed by this amend- I
ment against the adoption of that bill, no mat-
ter what may be the circumstances or the rea-
sons which require its passage.
The honorable Senator is pleased upon every
occasion when he refers to the currency to
denounce these Treasury notes as depreciated
and dishonored money. 1 have been inclined
to think that the Treasury notes of the United
States are the best money the people of this
country ever had, with perhaps the exception
of gold and silver, and they would be better
than gold and silver if they were at all times
redeemable in gold and silver, because they
would be more convenient for the purposes of
commerce.
Mr. CONNESS. Will my friend permit me
a few words in this connection ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. I understand my friend
to say that, in his opinion, the United States
legal-tender notes now out in circulation are
the best form of money that the country has
ever had, except perhaps gold and silver.
Now, Mr. President, I desire to remind the
Senator of what he undoubtedly knows, but I
want to bring it in here, that those notes, which
he declares in his opinion to be the best money
the people have ever had,"are notes on their
face payable on demand, and with a total ina-
bility on the part of the Government to pay
them, and no provision made, as the people
who have them and are forced to take them
as legal tender know, for their payment, and
no payment of interest while they hold them
unpaid.
Now, Mr. President, I have great confidence
in the judgment of my honorable friend from
Oregon; no one has more; but I confess that
I am astonished to hear such a declaration
coming from a gentleman of his generally
good judgment, that any notes, whether they be
notes of a person or of a Government, being a
promise to pay on demand, with no provision
or ability ior payment, and no payment in
fact, with in this case a compulsory statute
fixing tbem as the measure of yalue in the
country, are the best money that the people
have ever had! I say I am surprised at this
statement. I regard them, although they are
accepted and stated and taken as money, as
the worst form of money that the people have
ever had, and until they are retired and a
currency provided in their place which will be
required to be paid on presentation, in my
opinion we can have no return or approxima-
tion to a return to specie payments. The
Senator will excuse the interruption; I de-
sired to make this point at this time with his
permission.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Well, Mr. President, I
suppose the argument of the honorable Senator
would have been just as forcible after I had
concluded what 1 had to say as at the time it
was made, and I did not propose to make any
extended remarks in reference to this matter,
or to discuss the general question of finance,
but to object specifically to the amendment of
this bill as proposed by the Senator from Ver-
mont.
Mr. CONNESS. On that proposition I
agree with the Senator from Oregon.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Now, sir, if there ever
has been any paper money in the United StateB
better than the Treasury legal-tender notes 1
desire to know when and where that money
was ever made. Does the Senator from Cali-
fornia pretend to say that the paper money
which was in circulation, issued by local State
banks in the different States of the country, was
a better, more uniform, more reliable currency
i than that which has been furnished by the
Treasury of the United States? It is proper
1 to speak well of a bridge that has carried us
safely over the stream. We know that by
t means of these Treasury notes we were enabled
to prosecute a war against a gigantic rebellion
j and to triumph. Now these notes are neces-
i sarily in circulation, because they were put in
circulation because of the exigencies of the
war, and it does not become us while they are
in circulation and are necessarily a part of the
currency of the country, to denounce them as
a depreciated and a dishonored currency, and
endeavor to stigmatize and destroy their value
while they are in existence.
Mr. CONNESS. The whole world do it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I question very much,
sir, whether the whole world entertains the
view of the Treasury notes that has been ex-
pressed by the Senator from Vermont, for if I
do not misunderstand the public expression
of the people of the United States, to-day they
prefer these Treasury notes to any other sort
of paper money that has ever existed under
this Government. So they do not all concur
with the honorable Senator.
Sir, I did not intend to be drawn into saying
so much upon the subject of the currency ; but
the honorable Senator from Vermont should
remember, perhaps, that all men are not as well
posted on the subject of finance and currency
as he seems to be, and some men may desire
time for deliberation before they commit them-
selves to auy fixed policy in reference to the
currency of this country. Everybody knows
that there is a great contrariety of views in
reference to what the policy of Congress should
be, and before we undertake to act upon this
great vital question it seems to me that we
ought to proceed with the utmost care and de-
liberation, and we ought to consult every ave-
nue of intelligence and information ; we ought
to consider every reason that may be offered
on either side of any proposition affecting the
finances, and then decide as to the best course
which the country should pursue. And I do
deprecate this effort that is made here at an
early day in the session of Congress to commit
us by means of general resolutions that do not
make one hair black or white, so far as the
interests of the people are concerned. I ob-
! ject to committing Congress, before there is
due time for consideration and deliberation, to
any fixed policy in reference to the currency
of the country.
For these reasons I object to this amendment
at this time. It is not at all pertinent to this
bill. It is only introduced here with the same
view, 1 suppose, that another resolution was
introduced by the honorable Senator—to com-
mit us prematurely before the Finance Com-
mittee or the Senate has concluded to adopt
any particular policy to the views which he
himself entertains. He seems to be afraid that
the Secretary of the Treasury will issue Treas-
ury notes. 1 do not suppose that he has any
power to issue Treasury notes except in pay-
ment of the debts of the United States that
may become due, and if the United States
owes any money and it is due at this time and
the creditors demand payment I see no reason
why the Secretary of the Treasury should not
have power to pay the debts of the United
States in the lawful money of the country.
For these reasons and others that might be
stated I hope that this bill will not be amended
as proposed by the Senator. Let us pass the
bill in the shape in which it was sent to the
Senate by the House of Representatives and
has been reported by the Committee on Finance,
and there will be ample opportunity on some
bill that proposes to affect the currency one
way or the other to consider the views of the
honorable Senator.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I had an
impression, somewhat strong, that this bill
which came from the House of Representa-
tives and came from the Committee on Fin-
ance, and which we now have before us,
affected the currency. I had got the idea from
hearing it read when it was reported that it was
about the currency; and I did not conceive
that I was exceedingly premature in proposing
an amendment to it on the same subject. 1 be
bill is about currency and nothing else ; and it
is about the quantum of currency that shall be
outstanding or withdrawn and nothing else. Is
the honorable member of the Finance Com-
mittee [Mr. Williams] ignorant of that fact.
