1820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
I have done ; and that is, what assurance the
gentleman can give the House that if we admit
the State of Alabama under these circum-
stances the next election will not find it in the
hands of the rebel party?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the gentleman
had listened to my remarks already made he
would not have asked that question, for he
■would have heard the reasons which have satis-
fied the minds of the committee, and which I
have stated to the House over and over again,
that a very large majority of the voters of that
State are in favor of the adoption of that con-
stitution.
Mr. LOAN. But, being intimidated, they
did not vote?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. They were intimi-
dated precisely as men are intimidated ;n every
one of these States, and will be until the State
is reconstructed, and they are given the offices,
the patronage,, and the power of the State to
protect themselves; and without that power to
protect themselves this intimidation will have
greater or less effect so long as they remain in
their present condition.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would like to have the
gentleman from Illinois explain to the House
how it is that these rumors and threats and
these intimidations were so rapidly communi-
cated over the State of Alabama when the
streams were so swollen and there was sueli
difficulty in the voters getting to the polls? It
seems to me that the rumors would be ob-
structed quite as much as the voters. It strikes
me that there is a little inconsistency in the
gentleman's statements.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will tell the gen-
tleman. Bccause the rebel papers 111 that
State—and I can show him several of them—
for days and weeks before the election were
full of these intimidations and threats. Meet-
ings were held and speeches were made by
leading rebels in that State in which they
threatened with instant dismissal from em-
ployment every man who should vote for that
constitution. The proceedings of those meet-
ings and those speeches were published in the
rebel papers throughout that State. Those
papers circulated, and where a man could not
read them they were read to him. The informa-
tion spread all over the State. Now, sir, we
have, as I said before, two hundred affidavits
here of men in different portions of that State
wherein they tell this House of these threats.
" Some of them are the affidavits of men who
had themselves been discharged—who were
discharged at noon on the first day of the elec-
tion. The moment they returned to their em-
ployers they were asked, "Have you voted?"
and on replying " Yes ; I have voted for the
constitution," those men were given their
walking papers at once. We have numerous
cases of that kind.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is the very intim-
idation to which I referred in my question.
The gentleman stated that it was the cause of
many remaining at home, and it seemed to me
that there would be quite as much difficulty in
that rumor being distributed o^er the State as
there would be in the voters arriving at the
polls—that the swollen streams and other im-
pediments would operate precisely against the
rumors as against the voters.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman has
stated that once before. I only staled that as
one of the causes and means of intimidation.
Men were discharged when they did vote, and
they were told for days and weeks before that
they would be discharged if they voted.
Mr. ROSS. I would like to ask my colleague
if the loyal blacks are in the habit of taking
.and reading rebel papers? [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will state that the
loyal blacks down there are usually as capable
of reading rebel papers or any other papers as
the disloyal whites in the district of my col-
league, [Mr. Ross.]
Mr. BOYER. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. BOYER. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether any witnesses whatever were exam-
ined before the Committee on Reconstruction,
or whether the facts stated by the committee
rest entirely upon ex parte affidavits?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The affidavits shown
to the committee, and on which we have re-
ported to the House, are what may be called
ex parte affidavits. The committee did not
call witnesses before them for examination.
Mr. BOYER. Did the committee examine
any witnesses ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I say we did notcall
any witnesses before us.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I think
it right to say, if my colleague [Mr. Farns-
worth] will permit me, that we did examine
three witnesses, whose names were among the
signers of the paper just read at the request of
my colleague.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I was not present at
that examination.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. No; the
gentleman was not present.
Mr. KERR. Will the gentleman allow me
J,o ask him a question?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will yield for a
question.
Mr. KERR. I would ask the gentleman if
it is not true that more than three.fourths of
the affidavits filed with the committee are not
made by persons who do not say in those affi-
davits whether they would or would not have
voted for the constitution if they had voted at
all?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. They do not contain
anything of the kind.
Mr. KERR. Do not a large number of them
fail to make any statement on that point?
Mr. FA RNS WORTH. Many of the affida-
vits are those of men who voted for the con-
stitution. They set forth the condition of facts
which existed there; they set forth their knowl-
edge in regard to the intimidations and threats
which were used, and the effect of those threats
to keep voters away from the polls.
Mr. KERR. Do not a majority of the affi-
davits fail to state whether the affiant would
have voted for or against the constitution had
he voted, or whether he voted at all orfnot?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In the case of some
of the affidavits I think that is not stated. But
in most of the affidavits the parties state that
they did vote for the constitution. The most
of the affidavits were made for the purpose
rather of showing the condition of things in
Alabama and the effect of this reign of terror
there than to show that A, B, and C voted for
or against the constitution.
We have the returns showing how many
voted for the constitution and how many voted
against it; and we know how many were regis-
tered in the State. Wo do not attempt to show,
by the affidavits of men who would have voted
for the constitution if they had had the oppor-
tunity, that a majority of the registered voters
of that State were in favor of the constitution.
We only show the condition of facts which
existed all over the State of Alabama by affi-
davits of men who resided in different parts of
the State. Those affidavits show that large
numbers in this county and in that county were
deterred from voting; that others were kept
away from thepollsby the storm and the swollen
streams, and that still others were delayed after
getting to the polls by dilatory challenges, &c.
Mr. KERR. I desire to ask the gentleman
one more question. It is proposed by this bill
to again admit Alabama into the Union upon
.certain conditions therein stated, and which
conditions are made perpetual upon the State
of Alabama. Now, 1 desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] in
what part or provision of the Constitution he
finds authority for admitting a State into the
Union in that way? I understand it to be the
duty of the Federal Government, if States are
received at all, to receive them as equal in
every respect.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, Where in the Con-
stitution does the gentleman find that lan-
guage?
Mr. KERR. I do not find that language in
the Constitution ; but that is, nevertheless, the
requirement of the Constitution, and never
before was attempted to be disregarded by
Congress.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I find in the Con-
stitution "that Congress may admit new
States." If Congress may admit a State, I
suppose Congress may determine the condi-
tions upon which it may he admitted.
Mr. KERR. Does the gentleman mean to
say that Congress may impose different con-
ditions upon different States, and that those
conditions shall be perpetual? That is a very
startling proposition, and finds no example or
countenance in the Constitution or conduct
of the Government.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will only say to
the gentleman what I have already stated, that
Congress has admitted new States with condi-
tions, and conditions which had not been im-
posed upon other States.
Mr. KERR. Then, Mr. Speaker, the result
follows that the equality of the States in this
Union is totally destroyed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Congress admitted
Missouri with conditions.
Mr. KERR. The gentleman will pardon
me for contradicting him; but Congress did
not admit Missouri with a condition. In the
case of Missouri she was required, before ad-
mission, to accept a certain qualification in her
constitution, and, after having accepted it, she
was admitted. But here it is proposed to im-
pose conditions which shall be operative after
the admission of Alabama, and shall be per-
petual and enforcible by act of Congress.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Nebraska and
Nevada were admitted upon a condition.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not understand
that a measure of this kind conflicts in any
manner with the equality of the States. States
admitted in the manner proposed here have
the same right of representation as other States;
their representatives in the Senate and on this
floor have the same vote and the same power
in every respect as the Senators and Represent-
atives of any other State. Their Legislatures
may do what the Legislatures of every other
State may do, provided they do not violate the
act for their admission, which is a part of the
compact and agreement between the State and
the United States. I believe I will now sur-
render the floor that the debate may take its
course.
Mr. KERR. Before the gentleman surren-
ders the floor I desire to make a single inquiry
further. I would like to know whether he
means to say that in the admission of any State
of this Union heretofore Congress has ever re-
served the right or power on the part of Con-
gress to repeal any act of the Legislature of a
State. This bill proposes to reserve to Con-
gress the power to repeal an act of the Legis-
lature of the State of Alabama if a certain act
should be passed. Now, I understand that the
courts may declare null and void any legis-
lative act conflicting with the fundamental
principles of this Government; but I do not
understand that it is the province of Congress
to repeal acts of a State Legislature by acts of
Congress.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] whether there
were not conditions imposed upon the admis-
sion of his own State with reference to taxa-
tion ?
Mr. KERR. Taxation of certain parts of
the public lands?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir.
Mr. KERR. I will answer the gentleman.
There was a limitation imposed on the right of
the State to tax certain lands of the United
States in Indiana; but any violation of that
limitation was to be remedied in the courts and
not by a repealing act of Congress; and the
Chair will bear me testimony that the courts,
