1868.
THE -COMPRESSIONA:L GLOBE.
'•S8C
■whether such pipe or other conveyance may convey
or conceal any mash, wort, or beer, or other liquor
which may bo used tor distillation ot low wines or
spirits from the sight or view of the officer, so as to
prevent or hinder him from taking a true account
thereof.
I move to add to the section the following
proviso:
Provided, That if any revenue officer, or person
acting in his aid, shall fail in said search to find any
pipe, cock, private conveyance, or utensil, ho shall
be deemed and held a wrong-doer, and shall bo
responsible to the party aggrieved in a civil action
for such damages as he may have sustained and for
such smart-money as the jury may assess.
The object of the amendment is merely to
protect the citizen in his rights against unlaw-
ful and unnecessary search of his premises,
breaking down his walls and tearing up his
grounds. It is a very great power to confer
by the bill on revenue officers, and X want
them to proceed afc their peril. If they come
to tearing down a man's walls and tearing up
his grounds and find nothing I want them to
pay for every bit of damage committed there.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to have a verbal
amendment made. On page 84, line ten, of
section fifty-nine, I move to strike out the
words " except retail dealers."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. On page 09, line seven-
teen, of section seventy-three, I move to strike
out the words "manufacturer's warehouse,"
and insert " manufactory."
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say another word on
this bill on the question of its passage. It
seems to be a part of the same bill that was
introduced into the House of Representatives.
1 am greatly gratified, considering the charac-
ter of what has come to this body, that the
whole bill as it was reported to the House has
not been offered here. I think that the bill is
framed on this general idea: that the people of
the United States exist for no other purpose
than to pay taxes, and that the Government
of the United States has no function to per-
form except to offer a scheme for imposing
taxes upon every possible article, and estab-
lishing the most oppressive and vexatious
mode of collecting them. If the bill in all its
proportions, in its breadth and length, as intro-
duced into the House, with the two-dollar
tax upon whisky, had been presented here, it
would have wanted but one or two other pro-
visions to have made it the most completely
organized system of despotism that the world
has ever seen; and they would be that all ol
its pains aud forfeitures and penalties should
be enforced by military commissions, and that
those military commissions should be organ-
ized by the General of the Army.
I think, Mr. President, the time for the con-
tinuance of this system of despotism is draw-
ing to a close, and in that hope I content
myself by saying nothing further upon the
subject.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of this bill. I desire to
record my vote against it.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken resulted—yeas 35, nays 0 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew.Cattell,Chand-
ler, Conness.Cragin, Davis,Drake, lfcrry, Fessenden,
Fowler, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Johnson,
McUreery, Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Pat-
terson ot New Hampshire, Bamsey, Ross, Sherman,
Stewart. Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Vickers, Wade, Weioh, WiUey, Williams,
and Wilson—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Cole, Edmunds, Morton,
Nye, andPomeroy—6.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Conkhng, Corbett,
Dixon, Doolittlc, I'relinghuysen, Grimes, Harlan,
Howe, McDonald,Morrill of Maine, JNorton, Patter-
son of Tennessee, Rice, Saulsbury, Sprague, and
Yates—17.
So the bill was passed.
The title of the bill was amended so as to
read: ''A bill imposing duties on distilled
spirits and tobacco, and for other purposes."'
message from the rouse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the. bill (S. No.
542) for the relief of Thomas W. Ward, late
collector of customs, district of Corpus Christi,
Texas.
The message also announced, that the House
had passed the joint resolution (S. R. No. 107)
in relation to the -Maquoketa river, in the State
of Iowa, with an amendment ; in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bill and joint
resolution; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate;
A bill (H. B. No. 1370) for the relief of the
loyal Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians; and
A joint resolution (H. It. No."328) for the
donation of certain columns.
the funding bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. 207, which is the funding bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senate bill
No. 207, called the funding bill, is before the
Senate, it having been included with the tax
bill in the resolution making both a special
order.
_ Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask that the funding
bill be laid aside, and that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the joint resolution
reported from the Judiciary Committee relat-
ing to the counting of the electoral votes. I
have been requested by several Senators to
call that to the attention of the Senate again,
and I ask the Senator from Ohio to allow me
to do so.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing,
as I am somewhat fatigued at any rate and do
not care about going on to-night, to allow the
funding bill to go over until'to-morrow, and
be continued as the special order then at one
o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves that the funding bill be
postponed until to-morrow at one o'clock, and
be continued as the special order for that
hour.
The motion was agreed to.
mount vernon ladies' association.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I now move to take up
the joint resolution to which I have referred ;
I have forgotten the number of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
to take up the joint resolution (S. R. No. 139)
excluding from the Electoral College votes of
States lately in rebellion which shall not have
been reorganized.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not like to interfere
with my friend, but there is business in exec-
utive session to which I should like to call the
attention of the Senate.
Several Senators. Let us take up this res-
olution now.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; lot the resolu-
tion be taken up, and then I will move an ex-
ecutive session.
The motion of Mr. Edmunds was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the honorable mem-
ber from Vermont to allow me, before this
resolution is considered, to call up the bill for
the benefit of the Association of Mount Vernon.
The objections to it have now been met, and
there will be no difficulty and it will lead to no
debate. I ask it because 1 am obliged to leave
the Senate to-day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If it will lead to no de-
bate this resolution may be laid aside inform-
ally, but if it leads to debate I shall feel obliged
to ask the Senate to dispose of this resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection the bill mentioned by the Sen-
ator from Maryland will be taken up. It can
be done by unanimous consent.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 588) for the relief
of thq Mount Vernon Ladies' Association of
the Union.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The (Ques-
tion is on the amendment submitted by
Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson,3 to
insert at the end of the bill the following words:
To be applied to the repairs and preservation of
the property under the direction of tile- military
officer in charge t>f the public buildings and.yroa%is.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate* as
amended, Mid the amendment was concur-
red in.
The bi!i was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
valedictory of hon. kevekdy johnson.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I throw
myself again upon the indulgence of the hon-
orable member from Vermout and the Senate,
as I am obliged to leave the Senate to-day, in
•order that I may say wh&t I feel in separating
myself from the body ; but a-s I am unwilling
to trust myself to utter what I really do f>el I
have reduced to writing what, with the per-
mission of the Sfiaate, I will ask my friend and
colleague to read.
Mr. VICKERS read as follows:
Mr. President : May I.be excused foe arrest-
ing for a moment or two, the ordinary busi-
ness of the Senate, by a few words personal to
myself. Having agreed to accept a public trust
abroad, committed to me by the President with
the approval of the Senate, I am about to
resign my seat in this body, Having been a
member for nearly six years, and contracted
friendships, which have been a constant source
of pleasure, and which I shall ever value, I
cannot retire without the deepest regret.
During the period of my service a civil war
of unexampled magnitude was waged, threat-
ening our national life, and since its successful
termination by arms the consequences of the
conilict have not wholly disappeared.
In both periods, questions of the greatest
importance, involving the powers of the Gov-
ernment, and the reserved rights of the States
have been discussed in this Chamber with a
solicitude to uphold the Government in all
its rightful authority, and to restore the entire
country to its wonted prosperity. In these
discussions I have more or less participated,
aud, although widely dillering in regard to most
ol them with a majority of the Senate, and
supporting my opinions with earnestness, it
will always be a great gratification to me to
remember that at all times, by every member,
I was treated with uniform courtesy, and t
need hardly say, Mr. President, that such
courtesy I never failed most gladly to recipro-
cate.
In the new sphere of public duty which I am
about to enterl may find subjects of controversy
that for a time (as they have done already) may
more or less disturb the friendly relations
between the Government of Great Britain and
our own. But that this disturbance will be
temporary I do not doubt. The interests of
both nations are so obviously dependent upon
a mutual and friendly understanding that tho
people of each cannot fail to see the duty of
having it observed. And I believe that this
can be accomplished by the manifestation of
reciprocal good will. As our Government is
actuated by such a feeling all the complications
of the present will, 1 am satisfied, soon be
removed. And in whatever part, under instruc-
tions of the President, I may take in the negotia-
tions preliminary to such a result, 1 shall be
influenced by a sincere wish to secure to both
Governments an adjustment honorable to each,
and I have every reason to think that I shall
be met in the same spirit by the British
Government.
In all that I may do I shall look with hope
to the approval of my associates in this body.
And although I may fail in all respects to
meet with it, I cannot be mistaken in thinking
that they will do me the justice to believe that
I have been governed throughout by an earnest
desire to maintain all the rights and promote
the interests of our beloved country.
