1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2845
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. BECK. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. I would like the gentleman
to explain in what part of the section under
discussion there is any provision made for any
particular individual serving as head of this
department.
Mr. BECK. There is this provision :
That the office of Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue be, and the same is hereby, established and
constituted a department of the Government, to be
designated and known as thedepartment of internal
revenue, the head and chief officer of which depart-
mentshall be the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
As I understand this, it provides that the
present Commissioner shall be the head of this
department; and that I understand to be the
object. Otherwise, when this bill goes into
operation, the office of head of this depart-
ment will be vacant, and the President, under
his constitutional authority, will make the ap-
pointment, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, which the advocates of the
bill do not pretend is its meaning. It is the
avowed purpose to create an office for the pres-
ent Commissioner.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted
upon the amendment and the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I move to amend the
section by striking out " Commissioner" and
inserting " secretary so that the clause will
read, "the head and chief officer of which
department shall be the secretary of internal
revenue."
Mr. UPSON. I submit that that motion is
not in order while the present amendment is
pending.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The question is on the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Jcdd.]
Mr. MAxNARD. I move to amend that
amendment by striking out "the duties of his
office," and inserting "his official duties." I
offer this amendment in order to say that I
should be glad if gentlemen on the other side
who oppose this section would show wherein
it differs in its form from previous legislation
creatiug separate departments of the Govern-
ment. How does it differ in form from the
act of 1862, creating the Department of Agri-
culture and elevating the Commissioner of
Agricultuie from the position of abureauofficer
under the Department of the Interior to be the
head of a Department? There was no objec-
tion to that legislation that I am aware of.
Mr. WOOD. If the gentleman will permit
me I will answer it. The appointment of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue must be
submitted by the President to the Senate for
confirmation, but this bill proposes to continue
the present head without submitting his name
to the Senate to be confirmed.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will add nothing to
what my colleague on the committee from Illi-
nois [Mr. Logax] has said on that point. I
have not time to repeat it.
Does not the gentleman know when the De-
partment of Agriculture was created that the
Commissioner was holding the office as a bu-
reau officer, and that he continued during that
Administration and the present Administra-
tion up to the hour of his death? How does
this legislation differ in its character, in letter
and spirit, from that which created the Depart-
ment of Agriculture?
But once more. I attempted, in the remarks
I submitted to the committee this morning, to
maintain and sustain this creation of the In-
ternal Revenue Bureau into a separate depart-
ment. Let me add some additional reasons.
The executive patronage of the Gorernment is
already greater than many people believe to
be in harmony with safety to the great inter-
ests of the Government. I would not increase
that patronage. I would not confer any pow-
ers upon that officer additional to those he
now has. I do not think there is any reason
for it. This is a new department of the Gov-
ernment which has sprung up within the last
eight years in the United States. It is an ex-
tension of patronage, it is an amount of official
duty which we did not have at the beginning
of the war, and, therefore, it should properly
fall within a separate and distinct department
of the _ Government. The fact that the power
exists is no argument against its exercise; and
I beg gentlemen, especially on this side of the
House, to consider that the power already
exists. The difficulty we now have is to make
anybody responsible for its exercise. If we
can give the head of the department that re-
sponsibility so he can be held responsible for
it, then whatever party has possession of the
Government, instead of its being a political
weakness, as now, it will give increased effi-
ciency.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Chairman, I rise to say
a very few words in reply to the honorable
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] and
mainly in reference to one of my districts, the
eighth district of New York. As an illustration
what he was saying he said this district was
filled very improperly by a person who badly
conducted it, so that no revenue could be
obtained. I made an effort for over two years
to obtain a change, and five or six Democrats
were nominated to the Senate, all of whom
were neglected, or, in the end, thrown over and
rejected by the Senate; so that for over ayear,
under the tenure-of-office law, thousands, and
perhaps millions, were lost to the revenue by
maladministration in that district. The fault
was in the tenure-of-office law, and that alone,
for it was not in the power of the President to
make a change; and if he did not make changes
in this district and twenty-six other districts
it was because there was fault in the Senate.
Nominations after nominations had been sent
to the Senate, and it would have been folly on
his part to have thrown repeated nominations
into the Senate with an indisposition on the
part of the Senate to respond to them. At
last, sacrificing all interests to the public good,
feeling it was indispensably necessary there
should be a change in my district. I ob-
tained that change with the consent of the
Senate by declining any further to suggest the
nomination of any Democrat for the position.
And it was only by the nomination of a Repub-
lican that the change took place. Hence, when
thi3 censure is thrown upon the Secretary of
the Treasury, as well as upon the President, I
say the fault was not with them, but with the
Senate. If there are twenty-six others in the
same category, the possibility, if not the cer-
tainty, is that what was my experience in the
eighth district of New York was the experience
in those districts.
The fault is in the Senate. The other is in
the tenure-of-office bill. My friend from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Woodward] has a like experi-
ence, and I give him the rest of my time.
Mr. WOODWARD. I rise simply to cor-
roborate what the gentleman from New York
has said, and to state a case in the district of
Pennsylvania which I have the honor to repre-
sent. When I came to Congress I found my
predecessor had nominated six citizens of
that district for the office of assessor, every
one of whom had been rejected by the Senate.
I know those six men, and I do not know more
responsible and respectable men in that dis-
trict or out of it. It became my duty to nom-
inate a seventh man. I did so, and the seventh
man was rejected. It then became my duty to
nominate an eighth man. I did not take the
course which the gentleman from New York
says he took, of putting in a Republican, but I
nominated another Democrat, and he was con-
firmed by the Senate, and is acting as assessor
to-day. But the districtwas without an assessor
for a year and a half; not through the fault of !
the President or of anybody, but through the
fact that seven most responsible and respect-
able citizens were rejected by the Senate of the
United States. But the eighth was at last
confirmed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. My amendment was a
mere verbal one, and I withdraw it.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I renew the amend-
ment. The gentleman from Tennessee haa
asked us to point out wherein this bill differs
from the act creating a Department of Agricul-
ture. I propose to point out the distinction.
The act passed May 15, 1862, creating the
Department of Agriculture, provides "that
there is hereby established at the seat of the
Government of the United States a Depart-
ment of Agriculture." Section one goes on
to describe the general designs and duties of
that Department. Section two provides—
"That there shall be appointed by the President,
by and with the adrice and consent of the Senate, a
Commissioner of Agriculture"—
An officer who was not then in existence—
"who shall be the chief executive officer of the
Department of Agriculture, and shall hold his offico
by a tenure similar to that of other similar officers
appointed by the President,-and who shall receive
for his compensation," &e.
Now, the bill under consideration provides
for the establishment of a department of inter-
nal revenue, and declares who shall be the
head or chief officer of that department, who
is a person already in existence, and described
as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
This is an attempt to legislate a man into an
office, and if this bill shall become a law it
will be claimed that this is a description of the
person who shall be the head or chief officer
of the department of internal revenue. I think
that the difference between the two is plainly
discernible.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
say a word in reference to the amendment of
my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Judd.] I do not
believe it cures the difficulty. He proposes
that the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
shall not be changed except by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate. The gen-
tleman from Tennessee brings up as an anal-
ogy the Department of Agriculture, and says
that the officer was advanced without requir-
ing a new nomination. Well, I have a cube
on the other hand. Two years ago the Con-
gress of the United States advanced to the
rank of paymaster general, from that of colo-
nel or brigadier general, Benjamin W. Brice,
a paymaster with the rank of colonel. But it
was held, both inside and outside of Congress,
that it required a new nomination to confirm
him as Paymaster General with the new rank.
Now, I do not say it absolutely requires a new
nomination to confirm Mr. Rollins if you ad-
vance him from a Commissioner to a head of
a department. But I say there is a question
in it, and a very serious one, just as much a
question as if the President acted upon it and
removed him. The case, then, would be with-
out remedy^ for we have seen that tried in the
Senate. The principle was elaborately re-
viewed in the case of the removal of Secretary
Stanton. If you make this a department the
President construes the act that it requires a
new nomination, and gives him the power of
removal. He then makes a new appointment
by suspending him—not considering him in
office. Where is the remedy ?
A Member. What remedy will you have?
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman asks what
remedy I would adopt. Why, I would have the
internal revenue officers throughout the United
States protected as they are to-day, by the
tenure-of-office law. I admit that the President
can suspend a collector or assessor, but when-
ever he does so the senior deputy within the
district takes the place, and the President can-
not put in one of his own men. lou have
absolutely got the President barred on tbat
point. But under this proposition you cannot
hedge it in so that he cannot control the whole
matter within the lawor within what the Senate
will hold to be the law, and you canuot review
it till next December,
