1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§21
40ih Gong...,2b Bess.
Internal Tax—Mr. Schenck.
HOi OP:.ftlSPSi
with schools, fairs, benevolent institutions, or
churches, in which the people have a general
interest.
Hotels we have classified by their yearly
rental, in such a manner as to bear lightly
upon small tayerns and inns, and to gain in-
creased revenue upon the large establishments
like the Fifth Avenue, Astor House, or Con-
tinental, and, perhaps, without offending any-
body, I may say- Willards.
There is another class of persons brought
into the special tax list never before looked
after. These we have denominated foreign
commercial brokers. I do not know that I
ought to explain that provision here, nor will
I do so any further than to say this: there is
a class of agents coming from Europe taking
rooms at the Astor House or Metropolitan
Hotel, or some other place in New York or
Philadelphia, having no offices nor goods in
store, but by samples which they exhibit nego-
tiating the sales of millions of dollars' worth
of property, receiving orders which they trans-
mit to Europe, never paying any tax on their
sales or their income, and claiming that no
officer has the right to impose any such tax.
We have, therefore, provided as a measure of
protection toward the regular dealers in our
country, that while a commercial broker, known
and responsible as such, pays his twenty dol-
lars, one of these foreign brokers or ageilt of a
foreign house who is without any fixed place
of business, and escapes payment upon his
sales, shall pay for his special tax $>5,OU0, and
shall be put in the penitentiary, I may add,
if he be found exercising his functions in wan-
dering about the country without having paid
that special tax.
I touch now upon a fruitful subject—-the tax
that we put upon distilled spirits. We have
provided in reference to retailers of spirituous
liquors, that instead of paying twenty-five dol-
lars each they also shall be classified and each
pay according to the amount of the business,
j>25, §50, §100, $200, or $1,000. And we have
defined a retail dealer, not, as in the present
law, to be one who sells a certain quantity of
liquor, $25,000 worth a year, but any person
who sells liquor in quantities less than one
quart, or sells it to be drunk at the place where
it is sold, thus following the definition in the
statute-books of most of the States. Whole-
sale liquor dealers at this time pay one tenth of
one per cent, upon all sales they make above
$50,000. We propose that they shall pay here-
after two and a half per cent.—twenty-live
times as much—and shall pay it upon all sales
.ibove $2,000 instead of on sales above §50,000.
I have made an estimate of what we may
reasonably expect to obtain by a tax on sales
of retail and wholesale liquor dealers at the
rate charged in our bill, even if there should
not be a further increase on retail dealers, who,
I have always thought, ought to pay. in one
way or another, about double as much, if not
more, than wholesale dealers. And 1 believe
we can obtain from these sources, and from
the special taxes on distillers and taxes on the
capacity of distilleries, to which I will pi eseut ly
allude, an aggregate revenue of $24,ooo.oou.
I coine, then, to the special tax which we
would impose upon the distiller himself. We
have made this, as gentlemen will observe,
$100, and one dollar upon each barrel pro-
duced. And here I beg the committee to bear
with me a little, while I diverge from this sub-
ject of the special tax to other things con-
nected with the sale and production of distilled
spirits, naturally connecting themselves with
it. I say we have put a special tax upon dis-
tillers of $100, and a further special tax of one
dollar on each barrel produced. Proceeding
further in the bill, gentlemen will find that we
have added to those taxes also a tax upon capa-
city, and that we provide that there shall he
three dollars a day paid upon the capacity of
every distillery that mashes and ferments one
40tii Oova. 2d Sess.—No. 21.
hundred bushels of grain and less, aiid an ad-
ditional three dollars a day for every additional
one hundred bushels mashed and fermented.
Now, all this is part of a system; all this
is a part of the machinery in relation to a
revenue to be derived from distilled spirits,
and although found under different heads and
in different parts of the bill, it must all be in
some degree considered together.. .We have
retained, gentlemen will observe, the tax of two
dollars a gallon as a direct tax upon whisky;
but I take occasion to say here now that it is
not the expectation, I believe, even of the com-
mittee, that that amount of direct tax will be
retained by the House or by Congress. If we
had let it be. known four months ago that
whisky was to be taxed only a dollar or seventy-
five cents or some less sum per gallon, we
should have lost about four million dollars of
revenue, whieh, within that time, has been
derived from the two-dollar tax, uuder the im-
pression that the two-dollar tax would be con-
tinued. Revenue at the rate of about thirteen
million dollars a year, to which it had been
reduced during the past year, has continued
to come in, and we have obtained within the
last four or live months, since this matter has'
been considered, some four or live million
dollars which we would not have obtained at
all had it been known, with any degree of
certainty, that the tax would be reduced. I do
not know whether this Congress will agree to
reduce the tax. I for one have come very
reluctantly to the conclusion that it must be
done. From the very beginning 1 was inclined,
much as General Grant was, " to fight it out on
that line.'' But, Mr. Chairman, I, lor one. am
now convinced that keeping this tax up to two
dollars will the certainly tend to continue therule
of too whisky ring, and that it is better to reduce
it in order that that ring may be broken. We
must not be controlled, we must not be gov-
erned by these whisky men, who are even at
this very moment, many of them, swarming in
this city, especially anxious to know whether
or not the tax is going to be kept at such a
rate that they can continue their speculative
or frauduleut operations.
Step by step, therefore, I have brought
myself—and I speak now only in my own
behalf—to the conclusion that the direct tax
on distilled spirits ought to be brought down
to something like seventy-five cents on the
gallon. The reason why 1 would be disposed
to agree to seventy-five cents is, that from an
examination of many witnesses and an invest-
igation of the whole subject, I believe that is
about the rate at which it can be fixed and make
it impossible ior illicit distillation to be car-
ried on with profit. Distillers, or persons so
disposed, cannot make spirits from molassesin
concealed places, cellars and garrets, in Chi-
cago and Philadelphia, the two great points at
which most of this enormous rascality is now
carried on ; they cannot do it anywhere with
anything like their present profit, or, perhaps,
with any profit at all, if we underbid them in
the market.
And yet I was unwilling to eomc down to
such a low standard of direct taxation on spirits
without having put into this bill machinery by
which we could collect a very considerable
additional tax from it in other ways. By divid-
ing the points where the temptation is felt, we
at least put it upon such footing that nothing
can be made to any great extent by defrauding
the Government in any one particular. The
temptations will not be concentrated so that
enough can be made in one direction to justify
or make profitable the rascality.
What is that machinery? I have already
indicated it. If you put your direct tax
down to seventy-five cents per gallon raise your
special tax upon distilleries from one hundred
to five hundred or a thousand dollars, and on
each barrel of whisky trom one to three or
four dollars. Letyourtax upon capacity remain
where the committee have fixed it,'orincrease
it; and let fotxr tax upon galea, retail-aaii
wholesale, be retainedto some such amount as
we have proposed. If you do all this and pass
this bill with its rigorous and carefully prepared
admiaistrative sections, L cannot, from a taiin-
ber of calculations made- from time to time,
come to any conclusion otherthaii that we
shall get at least $70,000;000 oat of whisky .ia
th-e coming year instead of $13,000,00j3 per
annum to which the revenue from that source
is now reduced. .;
So much will probably be said abort distilled
spirits before we get through this bill, and
about the various, and, as some think, too severe
restrictions on its manufacture and sale,- that
I shall reserve very much of what I have to
say to the .discussion of those points when we
come to theia. But I thought it was not proper
that I should fail to present a general view of
the machinery in relation to distilled spirits
at the beginning of the consideration of this
bill, in order to show how this part of the
system hangs upon the rest. We havie. pro-
posed some other clianges, which I will briefly
recapitulate. • . • •
Banks now pay a taxs: of one twenty-fourth,
of one per cent, upon their capital and tlreifc
deposits, and we propose to 'continue that tax.
But we have increased the tax upon the circu-
lation of banks from one twelfth to one sixth
of one per cent., just doubling it; and we
have included the national banks in this pro-
vision, as they were not before.
Brokers now pay upon all their enormous
sales, made upon the street and at the broker's
board, of stocks, bonds, gold, &c., oue cent for
every hundred dollars. We propose to double
that, and make it two cents for every hundred
dollars. Small as that tax seems, gentlemen
perhaps will be astonished at the large re-
sults.
In regard to incomes we propose but a slight
change. While we have revised the whole law
aud given it, we hope, much greater clearness
and perspicuity, we have not materially affected
any of the particulars of the law except upon
one point. As the law now stands, those who
draw salaries from the United States haveihefive
per cent, income tax deducted from the'aalary
when it is paid. And what is the consequence?
Let me illustrate. One of your clerks,-' it may
be, is paid $1,500 a year for his services.
When he receives that amount, $1,000' being
exempt, he pays five percent, upon-$500, be-,
ing twenty-five dollars, which is deducted at
the time his monthly payments are made to
him, ile has a wife aud family, hires a house,
has some few transactions, some bad debts,
losses by fire or otherwise. His neighbor,
receiving $1,500 a year as the proceeds of his
earnings or his business, or income from other
sources, is allowed from that amount to deduct
his house rent, his expenses, his losses. But
(he clerk, on receiving ilia salary, has paid his
twenty-five doliais tax and never gets anything
back again. And what applies to him applies
to the officers of the. Army and of the &u,vy,
your postmasters aud all other ofiicers, inciud-
ing yourselves. It is unequal aud unreasonable.
We have therefore made this small change,
affecting a very large class of persons, that sal-
aries shall he returned in incomes, like ail other
profits, receipts, or earnings, and shall, like
other incomes, have the benefit of all legiti-
mate deductions.
Gentlemen will find in the bill a change in
regard to the taxation of railroads. Street
railroads are by the existing law permitted to
charge over against their passengers the ta.t-
which they pay to the Government. I will not
stop now "to inquire whether they have or have
not very often collected one^cent from their
passengers while paying but the eighth ol one
cent to the Government. This will be the suo-
ject ot a good deal of discussion, 1 suppose, as
it has been here before, fhe committee pre-
