3870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Julj 9,
Mr. President, it is not at all probable that
I shall ever again be a member of the Senate,
and it oppresses me to think that I may not
after I leave the country have the pleasure to
see again all its members. But 1 beg yon,
Mr. President, and them to be assured that
whatever distance may separate us I shall
never cease gratefully to remember the loud-
nesses evinced for me in this Chamber, or to
hope for the happiness and prosperity of its
members.
And when I return from my embassy, I
trust and believe there will be an enduring
peace between ourselves and the other nations
of the world; and this I am sure can be secured
by a firm and courteous maintenance of our
own rights, and a scrupulous regard for the
rights of others. And above all do I trust
that all the troubles incident to onr recent
domestic conflict will then have totally dis-
appeared, and that we shall be in the uninter-
rupted enjoyment of that "unity of Govern-
ment," which, in the parting words of Wash-
ington, is the main pillar in the edifice of our
real independence, the support of our tran-
quillity at home, our peace aDroad, of our safety,
of that very liberty which we so highly prize.
These ends being accomplished, imagination
itself will be at a loss adequately to conceive
the future greatness of our land. And now,
Mr. President, I leave the body with but one
word more, but a word which to friends it is
ever most painful to utter—farewell.
[At the conclusion of the address the Sena-
tors rose simultaneously and advanced toward
the retiring Senator to grasp him by the hand
and wish him success in his new sphere of
public duty.]
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move that the Senate
adjourn. ["No!" "Nol"]
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before that motion is
put I suggest whether we had not better sus-
pend the order for the night session.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope we shall not
adjourn yet. It is only four o'clock.
Mr. DRAKE. Is the joint resolution that
was informally laid aside before the Senate
now?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion of adjournment is pending. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves that the Seriate do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
electoral votes of late he bel states.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (S. It. No. 139) excluding from the Elect-
oral College votes of States lately in rebellion
which shall not have been reorganized.
Mr. DRAKE. I move to amend the joint
resolution by striking out all after the word
"that," in the third line, and inserting in lieu
thereof:
No State heretofore in insurrection shall be entitled
to representation in the Electoral Collego for the
choice of President and Vice President of tfio United
States, noi* shall any electoral vote be received or
counted from any such time, unless, at tlio time pre-
scribed by law for the choice of such electors, ihe
State shall have been readmitted to representation
in Congress, nor unless tho electors shall have been
chosen underand by authority of aState government
theretofore recognized by Congress as lawful and
permanent, and not provisional.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to offer a sub-
stitute for the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is informed by the Clerk that there was an
amendment offered by the Senator from Illi-
nois [Mr. Trumbull] which takes precedence
of the amendment of the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Drake.]
Mr. DRAKE. I suppose the honorable
Senator from Illinois will agree to allow his
amendment to be withdrawn for the purpose
of testing tlie sense of the Senate upon this.
I will inquire of the Senator from Illinois,
whether he will be so c;ood as to withdraw his
amendment to this resolution in order to admit
the amendment which I have just presented,
and which does not name any State by name?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose that the Sen-
ator's amendment is in order as a substitute
for the whole. His is a substitute, I understand.
Mr. DRAKE. I have understood thai when
an amendment to a pending bill was before the
Senate, it was not in order to move an amend-
ment by way of substitute, and therefore it is
that I ask the honorable Senator from Illinois
to withdraw his amendment, which is merely
to strike out the names of two States, so that
I can offer this amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am willing to accom-
modate about it. If the Senator's amendment
is not in order I will withdraw mine to allow
him to offer his.
Mr. DRAKE. Then, sir, my amendment is
in order.
The PRESIDENT pro temporf. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri.
Mr. DRAKE. I will say a few words in
support of that amendment. I ask that it be
read again before I proceed.
The Chief Clerk again read the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, I ask that the ori-
ginal proposition may be read, so that the
Senate may see the difference.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution,
as follows :
Resolved, That the States of Virginia, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama,
Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, and 'Xexas, re-
spectively, shall not be entitled to representation in
the Electoral College for the choice of President or
VicoPresident of the United States, and no electoral
votes shall be received or counted from any of such
States unless at tho time prescribed by law for the
choice of electors the people of such States, pursuant
to the acts of Congress in that bohnlf, shall have,
since the 4th day of March, 1807, adopted a constitu-
tion of State government under which a State gov-
ernment shall have been organized and shall bo in
operation, and unless such election of electors shall
liavobeen held under the authority of such constitu-
tion and government, and such State shall have also
become entitled to representation in Congress, pur-
suant to the acts of Congress in that behalf.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, there are
now before the Senate three distinct proposi-
tions in reference to this matter. One is the
pending resolution; another is the amendment
as I have presented it; the third is a joint res-
olution proposed by the honorable Senator
from New York, [Mr. Conkling,] andwhich
lies upon our tables at this time. I object to
the first because it names the States, which I
do not think is necessary. The proposition
that is involved in the amendment which I
have offered applies directly to the insurrec-
tionary States. We have been dealing with
them in all of our measures of reconstruction.
I desire to have this resolution recognize dis-
tinctly that it applies to them, and them
alone. Therefore it is that I do not desire to
see the Senate adopt the joint resolution which
has been proposed by the Senator from New
York. But it is not yet before us distinctly,
because that joint resolution refers to all States,
when the whole intention of it is to refer to
States that have been in insurrection. As the
final winding up of the dealings of Congress
with those States is involved in the idea of
readmission to representation in Congress,
and the reestablishment of governments
recognized by Congress, the amendment which
I propose exactly accords with that, and I
think it is better that in this probably final act
of legislation with regard to the most of those
States we should preserve the very same line
of action that has heretofore characterized the
course of Congress. Therefore it is that I
propose this amendment, and hope it may be
adopted.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to offer a substi-
tute for both the pending* propositions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The sub-
stitute will be reported.
The Chief Clekk. It is proposed to amend
that portion of the amendment which proposes
_to insert words in lieu of words to be stricken
out, by striking out after the word " that," in
the first line——
Mr. CONKLING. All that is unnecessary.
I move a substitute for the whole of both pend-
ing propositions, to strike out everything after
the enacting clause and insert.
Mr. DRAKE. That, if I understand the
rule, cannot be done.
Mr. CONKLING. We shall see whether
that cannot be done or not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
quite in order. -
Mr. CONKLING. There is a joint resolu-
tion pending to which the Senator from Mis-
souri offers ail amendment. He offers no
substitute, but he offers an amendment. Now,
I offer a substitute for the whole pending
proposition, the proposition pending, and the
amendment. That is clearly in order, I submit.
Mr. POMEROY. Before you can strike
out the whole proposition, if anybody proposes
to amend the part proposed to be stricken out,
that is first in order.
Mr. CONKLING. He proposes to strike
out a part, and I propose a substitute for the
whole. I do not care what the form is,_ but I
want it understood that my proposition is
complete in itself.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask for the reading of
the substitute proposed by the Senator from
New York.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That no State shall be entitled to representation in
tlie Electoral Collego for the choice of President and
Vico President of the United States, andno electoral
votes shall be received or counted from any State,
unless at the time prescribed by law for the choice
of electors there shall be in such State a government
recognized by Congress as regular and permanent
and not provisional, nor unless the election for
electors shall have taken place under the authority
of a State government so recognized.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Ver-
mont, I believe, wishes to submit some re-
marks.
Mr. EDMUNDS. _ No, sir; go on. I do
not wish to say anything at this moment.
Mr. CONKLING. I will say nothing at this
momentbeyondthis: the proposition, asl make
it, is designed to be a permanent law, which I
think should always be on the statute-book, a
law which covers the present case of three
States which have not been readmitted, Mis-
sissippi, Texas, and Virginia, which covers an$
contingency that may arise in reference to any
State heretofore in insurrection, and which
covers the case of any State, wherever that
State may be, in which by invasion, insurrec-
tion, domestic or foreign war, a difficulty of
this sort shall arise. At this moment this is
all I wish to say. Hereafter, I shall have a
word to say as between these propositions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I believe the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] had the floor the
other day when this resolution went over, and
therefore is now entitled to occupy it. I do
not know that he wishes to do so. When the
matter went over the other day he had ad-
dressed the Chair upon it. I do not wish to
take the floor from him.
Mr. DAVIS. I will give place with pleas-
ure to you, and listen to you.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is tho pending
question now ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing question is on the amendment offered by
tho Senator from New York.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On that question I do
not wish to occupy but a moment or two of the
time of the Senate. It is a question of phrase-
ology, as distinguished from the resolution
reported.
On the propriety of the amendment I only
wish to say a single word. When we reach the
point of the general merit of the proposition I
shall have a few words to say in explanation
of it and in reply to the honorable Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] who addressed
the Senate the other day at the end of the
morning hour, when there was 110 opportunity
for the friends of the measure to reply to the
somewhat extraordinary address that he deliv-
ered to the Senate at that time.
This amendment offered by the Senator from
New York is intended to accomplish, and I do
not know but that it will accomplish, the same
result that the joint resolution reported from
the committee was intended to accomplish;
but it does it by a species of circumlocution. It
