2846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
Mr. COBB. How is it arranged about the
deputy collector or assessor taking the place?
Mr. BLAINE. Why, when a collector or
assessor of internal revenue dies or resigns or
is removed, the senior deputy collector or
deputy assessor withiu that district performs
the duties.
Mr. COBB. Will the gentleman let me say
one word ?
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman can have
his own time. I have only five minutes, and
cannot yield. The point I make, and I want
to repeat it, is this : that if we enact this pro-
posed change in the law we give to the Pres-
ident the control of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, and we confer on the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue absolute, auto-
cratic, unlimited, and illimitable power over
every revenue appointment within the United
States. You will confer upon Andrew John-
son, by an act of legislation, more power than
was ever given in this way without the con-
sent of the Senate to any President or subor-
dinate officer of the Government since it was
founded, and I for one, am not willing to
do it.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. COBB. I renew the amendment. My
only object is to ask the gentlemen who have
charge of this bill and who are undoubtedly
informed on the subject, how it is that under
the existing law the present state of things
exists in the city of New Orleans? As I am
informed, when General Steadman resigned
the collectorship of that district he left a corps
of deputies there, but there being some delay
in the appointment of his successor, an arrange-
ment was entered into here by which Captain
John Hancock, General Hancock's brother,
goes down there and takes entire charge as
senior deputy, although in point of feet he
received his appointment as deputy collector
long after all the others had received theirs.
Ts the "senior deputy" somebody who is
designated by the outgoing collector or by the
President?
Mr. JUDD. I desire to say one word in
reply to the honorable gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Blaine.] He seems to be in very great
tribulation lest we should violate the Constitu-
tion in some way or other. He discussed this
first section o( the bill as if it was creating
some new office. That is an entire miscon-
struction of the language. It merely recog-
nizes the existence of an official in an office
that has been created by a former statute, and
whose appointment has been confirmed by the
Senate of the United States, so that for all
purposes he is to-dsiy regularly appointed
under that Constitution that my friend from
Maine is so fearful that we shall break, and is
discharging the duties of the office. Now,
what more ?
Mr. BLAINE. You advance his rank.
Ifc JUDD. We do not advance his rank.
That is an entire mistake. We impose addi-
tional duties upon him—nothing further, and
that is done at every session of Congress and
in regard to every public officer that holds a
commission under the Government; and no
one has ever questioned the right of Congress
within the sphere of his duties to impose addi-
tional duties upon a public officer regularly
appointed.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Do we not advance his
salary ?
Mr. SCHENCK. What of that?
Mr. J UDD. I say, yes ; the bill does enlarge
his salary: but who ever heard that an act of
Congress which provided for the increase of
an official's salary was unconstitutional on that
account or changed the character of the officer ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Jt does not even enlarge
his salary.
Mr. JUDD. Well, assuming that it does
enlarge his salary, who ever heard that the
members of the Thirty-Ninth Congress ceased
to be members of Congress because that Con-
gress enlarged their salaries, or that the office
they held ceased to be the same office that it
was before ? This section of the bill proposes
nothing in the world but to change the duties
of this officer.
Why, Mr. Chairman, if I had my own way,
I would pass a bill through Congress, and it
would have but a single section in it, dividing
the Treasury Department into four separate
departments, relieving the Treasury Depart-
ment from the cumbersome machinery that
now enables the Secretary to evade the respon-
sibility that properly belongs to him.
Now,^ we know that practically the Secretary
of the Treasury cannot oversee the duties of
the various Departments devolved upon him.
The time is not far distant when, as the ma-
chinery of this Government shall increase, we
shall be compelled from necessity, and I take
it we shall be compelled by policy, to divide
the Treasury Department into several inde-
pendent departments.
[Here the hammer foil.]
Mr. COBB. I withdraw the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. I renew the amendment to
the amendment. I have sat here and listened
with some surprise to the proposition of gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House in refer-
ence to the first section of the bill. First, the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] says
that the reason why he could not get a man
confirmed was because of the tenure-of-office
law. Does not the gentleman know that the
Senate had a right to reject his man without
the tenure-of-oflice law, and prior to its enact-
ment? The Senate had exactly the same power
of rejection before that they now have.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Woodward] says that in his case eight differ-
ent nominations had to be made before one was
confirmed.
Now what do these statements and argu-
ments prove? Gentlemen first assail this bill
because they say the appointing power is in the
head of the Department. Then they charge
that they could not get men appointed because
they could not get the Senate to confirm them.
They oppose the bill because it does not retain
the power of confirmation in the Senate ; and
then they object to it because the Senate will
not confirm those they recommend. Now that
is strange logic. I cannot tell from the argu-
ments of gentlemen whether they are in favor
of or are_ opposed to the power given by the
Constitution to the Senate to confirm nomin-
ations.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine]
says that he cannot submit to clothing a Depart-
ment in this country with such power as this.
Now, this bill does not propose to clothe a
Department with any power whatever that
does not already exist in the Government, in
the Departments of the Government as now
organized. It is nothing more than taking a
burden from one officer or head of a Depart-
ment and assigning it to another officer where
the labors are not now so cumbersome. That
is all; there is no stretch of power under the
Constitution in any way whatever. The Con-
stitution clearly provides that subordinate
officers shall be appointed by the President, or
by the heads of Departments, or by courts, as
Congress may determine.
Now, .Congress hitherto has provided that
the Secretary of War shall be at the head of
a Department; so with the Secretary of State,
the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary
of the Navy, the Secretary of the Interior, etc.
Afterward Congress made the Agricultural ii
Commissioner the head of a Department. This
is but a similar power which has already bepn i!
conferred upon heads of Departments under i!
the Constitution. It is merely changing the '[
authority from one head of a Department to I
another.
And when a man gets up here and asserts
that the Constitution is interfered with by this
change of authority he either only shows that
he wishes to elude the main point, or he exhib-
its his ignorance of constitutional law, such an
exhibition as no man. versed in the law would
fail to recognize in a moment. It is not an
interference with the power now possessed by
the Secretary; but even if it was, we have a
right to do it. It is precisely thesame power,
precisely, except that we assign certain duties
to it that do not now belong to it. That is all
there is in it.
As I have before remarked, this is fixing and
fastening theauthorit3' upon iudivi -uais, so that
you can bring them to a direct accountability
for any improper exercise of that authority.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. JONES. Will thegentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Logan] allow me to ask him a ques-
tion ?
Mr. LOGAN. I would if I had any time
left.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Jones] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. JONES. I wish to inquire whether this
bill does not erect this office into a new depart-
ment of the Government, and at the same time
propose that the office of the head of that
department shall be filled by the present Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, and whether
such a provision is in accordance with the Con-
stitution of the United States, which gives the
President the sole power to fill such offices by
appointment, subject to the advice and consent
of the Senate.
Mr. LOGAN. I will make a single remark
and then give way to the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. I wish to know
whether this bill will give the President any-
more power than he now has. The President
has now the power to suspend this officer or
send to the Senate the nomination of somebody
else. Why does he not do this if the present
Commissioner is distasteful to him?
Mr. JONES. That is not the point I make.
My point is that this bill proposes to create a
new department of Government; that it makes
a new office of an office already in existence,
giving it a different salary—
Mr. LOGAN. Not a different salary.
Mr. JONES. And it proposes at the same
time that this new office shall be filled without
a new appointment by the incumbent of the
present office. I wish to know whether that
is constitutional. In my view, when we create
a new department the chief officer of that
department is to be appointed by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know whether
all that is a question or not. If it be, <he sec-
tion answers it in providing that—
T,h.loffl<!e °f Commissioner of Internal Revenue be.
and the same is hereby, established and tonstiruied
a department of the government, to be designated
fu u ?wu,as,'• S department of internal revenue,
the head and phiei otficer of which department shall be
the Commissioner ot Interna! Revenue.
\V e have at this time in the Treasury Depart-
ment, established by law, an office of internal
revenue, at the head of which is the Commis-
sioner ot internal Revenue. What is proposed
by this bill? Not to interfere with the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, not to change
his salary, but to convert that bureau into a
uepaitment, adding some powers or not. as the
House in acting upon future sections may
determine.
<a ^r'"^NES. Does it not propose to clothe
the officer with new powers—powers which he
does not possess now ?
• Mr- SCSENCK. Every day we are cloth-
ing officers with new powers ; every day we
are taking powers away from officers; audi
lia\e never yet heard that either of these legis-
lated the officer out ot office. In thK caj-e we
change the name of the office, and call it a
department; we do not change the head of it.
v\ e leave the Commissioner as he is, with his
??,,"T un^tanged. If other sections of ■.his
bill should prevail, we shall add to his powers.
But this section about which g mlemen are so
niuch concerned does not even do ih^t. Gen-
tlemen have anticipated the discussion which
may properly arise on subsequent sections.
