1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•2847
Mr. JONES. But, Mr. Chairman, the other
sections all flow from this. This proposes to
create a new officer and the other sections refer
to his powers. In the first place, we are to
discuss whether it is proper to create any such
office, and more particularly we are to discuss
whether it is constitutional for Congress to
attempt to appoint the officer in the face of the
provision conferring the a ppointing power with
respect to all such offices upon the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I renew the amendment;
and, Mr. Chairman, I renew it for the purpose
of calling the attention of the House to this
fact. The motion is to strike out the first sec-
tion. What is that ? It is not one in reference
to the powers to be exercised by the Commis-
sioner at all. They are provided for in other
sections. They cannot adopt those or reject
them. The object is that this department of
internal revenue should have one head; and
I would not give a sixpence for all laws if you
are to go on collecting the revenue with the
President, Secretary of the Treasury, the Com-
missioner, and the Senate, all to be consulted,
and in the meantime nothing to be done except
stealing. "I steal, you steal, they steal—we
all stealsuch seems to be the conjugation
of the verb with which we are engaged at this
time. [Laughter. ]
The only object of this section is to have a
responsible head for this department; and the
objections of the gentleman from Maine, the
gentleman will permit me to say, have no
foundation.
Mr. JONES. I will say, Mr. Chairman, that
in ray judgment that object of the chairman
of Committee of the Ways and Means is com-
mendable, and I heartily approve of it. But,
sir, I do object to the power of this House or
this Congress to create a new department and
then pioposing at the same time to fill the
office of Ooinmissionei by legislation.
Mr. SCHENCK. I respect the gentleman's
judgment. He sees a constitutional objection
in it, and I wish to explain why I do not see it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAINE. About one fifth of the rev-
enue offices are in the hands of thieves. If
this prevails it will be in the power of those
who protect the other four fifths to remove
that one fifth in thirty days.
Mr. PILE. I think, instead of one fifth
being in the hands of thieves, that precisely the
reverse is the truth ; that one fifth perhaps are
honest men and four fifths are thieves; and
the effect of the law proposed by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means will be to secure four
fifths honest men, leaving only one fifth thieves.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman let
me ask him a mathematical question ?
Mv. PILE. Yes, sir.
Mr. RANDALL. About seven eighths are
Republicans; and I wish to know how many
thieves belong to the Republican and how
many to the Democratic party?
Mr. PILE. I hope that we shall be able to
keep the question of politics out of this bill.
This is a question of collecting the revenue
and lightening the burdens of taxation, which
bear upon all men—Republicans or Democrats,
Conservatives or Radicals or Know-Nothings,
rebels or loyal men. What we want to secure
is efficiency of administration by keeping hon-
est men in office. If these dishonest men are
Republicans, then I say that they ought to be
put out of office, and the gentleman ought not
to oppose it. We ought to put them out, and
if they are thieves we ought to put them in the
penitentiary, whether they be Democrats^ or
Republicans. If they are stealing and heaping
burdens upon honest people, unnecessary tax-
ation, then they ought to be put out of office.
Mr. Chairman, administration is always
■ behind the provisions of law. The (great thing
to be secured is efficiency of administration.
Theory is always ill advance of practice.
Human theory on all questions of morals,
ethics, and government has always been beyond
and in advance of practice, and hence I think
it is wise in this bill to secure efficiency of
administration. I believe this can only be
secured by making one man responsible and
conferring upon him power to control the
department, and hold him responsible that it
is done and well done.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. PAINE. I renew it, and yield to the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to reply to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania. There is a
very celebrated case in the third district of
Pennsylvania. The Commissioner of Internal
Revenue recommended that tne collector should
be removed, and the Secretary of the Treasury
has been considering it for six months. What
is the case ? The proof shows " that he is a
political adventurer, closely intimate with dis-
tillers and rectifiers in his district; that one
of his deputies has been in the penitentiary
for receiving corrupt bonds covering five thou-
sand gallons of whisky, which was totally lost
to the Government. The collector is strongly
suspected, and the proofs look very strong, I
•must say, of connection with that particular
transaction. The deputy is convicted in spite of
the efforts of the collector to get him clear."
Mr. RANDALL. Allow me one word. I
would not defend this man or anybody else if
he is guilty; but in the trial of the case to
which the gentleman alludes, there was not a
particle of evidence adduced to implicate the
gentleman. And I would not, on the other
hand, strike down a man until he is proved to
be guilty. That is my position.
Mr. SCHENCK. Thegentleman has alluded
to politics. Now, I have refrained from that.
I admit that in one case I did allude to the
poiitics of a party, but be was a Republican.
This man is one of the bread and butter fel-
lows, I believe.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman yield
for a single question?
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman has said
enough for me to reply to already. Suppose
it is claimed that all that is said about this
man only makes his character and reputation
extremely doubtful. Suppose the collector has
no confidence in him. 1 say you ought to have
a condition of things where these men would
be so far above suspicion that the collector
should be able to remove a man that he
believed was in complicity with rascals and
scoundrels.
Now, I believe I must do the Secretary of
the Treasury the justice to say that he wants
to get rid of the man, and that leading Demo-
crats want to get rid of him, but some how or
other there he is. They have been consider-
ing for six months what they should do about
the recommendation of the Commissioner.
That is the Secretary's own report. Whom he
is considering I do not know. I suppose he is
doing as the cow did—" consider cow, con-
sider." But in the meantime the whisky ring
prevails, and thieves are not affected. What
we aim atisto bringabout a condition of things
in which somebody shall be responsible for his
subordinates, and can be held responsible.
Then we shall not have such scenes as are en-
acted on this floor. When you talk about the
Commissioner it is said to be the Secretary s
fault, and when you talk about the Secretary it
is said to be the President's fault, and when
you talk about the President it is said to be the
Senate's. I do not want this thimble-rigging
business. I want to know under which thimble
the ball is, else I do not desire to bet at all.
[Laughter.] .
Mr. MULLINS. I desire to oppose the
amendment, and to offer a few views upon the
question under consideration. One declara-
tion that I make is this: I have lived long
enough to find that mankind everywhere, as a
class, are no 03 or© honest than ths laws make
them be._ If your laws are deficient, to that
extent will corruption and neglect of duty be
found. We are now, Mr. Chairman, consid-
ering a bill that of all others the people of the
country are most interested in. Talk about
your elections, talk about your President, talk
about your Senates, and all parties and classes,
yet, sir, the masses are sensible, more so upon
pocket nerve than all the rest. This is a bill
that goes directly to the pocket of every indi-
vidual in the United States. If the law is effi-
cient it will reach the object; but to slough off
all bad men, to bring them up before a tribu-
nal and punish them for crime is a further
stretch of power than is within the grasp of
this body. Why do you oppose this section?
Because, say one side, it is creating a new
office or a new officer. How old is the present
office ? It was created but a few years ago,
when there was an internal revenue officer.
It is but three days old, and why not now
clothe it with a different name? It is our child
and we have a right to alter its name by law.
What principle of the Constitution do we vio-
late by adopting the proposed measure ? The
way this department stands now is precisely
on all fours with the way all rascals have es-
caped punishment from the day God drove
Adam from the gardeu down to this hour.
How is it now? There is no one individual
who is directly responsible to the law-making
power and to the people. Hence this hydra-
headed monster, this triangle is playing twee-
dledum and tweedledee between the people
and the officers. [Laughter.] Ifyougetone
fast, he says "it was not I that did it; it was
the serpent that beguiled me." [Laughter.]
If you get hold of another, he says "the woman
thou gavest unto me did this." [Laughter.]
And what shall we do? We will make one
great head, a representative and responsible
man. The people's pockets are at stake in
this matter. The whisky ring is making its
way into every department. It is now, as it
was during the war, running every blockade
and taking every individual captive. It seems
to me that the love of whisky has superseded
the great proverb declared by revelation, and
that it is "the root of all evil," instead of
money.
Sir, I cannot favor the amendment to this sec-
tion. Let it stand. Let us define by law the
proper head and representative of this depart-
ment of the public service. This is no new
office. The office was created some years
back. I know gentlemen say that we are
creating it anew; but we are only recogniz-
ing an individual and applying the law to him
and holding him responsible to the people,
and then, if there is wrong and fraud com-
mitted in this department, you will have a
responsible head who will be responsible to
the Representatives of the people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PAINE. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. RANDALL. I renew the amendment
simply for the purpose of saying a few words
in reply to what the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schekok] has stated. He says that poiitics
does not enter into this mattter. I think he
is possessed of too much political sagacity and
foresight to seriously asseverate that fact. If,
however, he deceives himself, I assure him he
deceives no one else; for I venture the opinion
here, and I believe that all sides of this House
believe candidly, as we do on this side of the
House, that but for the fact that you want to
get possession of the host of revenue officers
under this Government this provision of the
bill never would have been inserted.
Mr. PILE. With the gentleman's permis-
sion I desire simply to say, in answer to a
question propounded to me, that so far as the
revenue officers iu my district and in the West
are concerned, so far as I am acquainted with
them, they are all supporters of the President
and Democrats. „ , . ,
Mr. RANDALL, Well, about one m twenty
are Democrats, and those that have been put
in have been forced there by corruption and
