mz
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
that no justification can be found for it, and
that it will subvert our form of government.
Mr. HOWARD. Read the.rest of it.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir, I will read the
balance of it:
"And can only end in a single centra) issed and con-
solidated Government, in wlncli the separate exist-
ence of the States will bo entirely absorbed, and an
unqualified despotism be established in place of a
Federal Union of coequal States, and that we regard
the reconstruction acts (so called) of Congress, as
such are usurpations ana unconstitutional, revolu-
tionary, and void."
This convention has called upon the rebels
of the South to regard these governments or-
ganized by authority of acts of Congress by the
people of those States as usurpations, uncon-
stitutional, and void, and has thereby invited
them again to insurrection and rebellion. That
is what that resolution means. There is where
the Democratic party has placed itself and its
candidate, that there shall be no acquiescence
in the action of Congress, but that continued
resistance is and shall be their policy. They
have replied to General Grant by saying,
" There shall be no peace, but the war shall be
renewed." There can be no other policy for
that party unless it acquiesces. If it does not
accept these reconstruction acts there can be
no policy but that of resistance and a renewal
of the war. They declare these reconstruction
acts to be unconstitutional and- void. Being
void, nobody is bound to regard them ; they
have no authority over any one to coerce or to
punish, and may be resisted by any one with
impunity. That is not the language of this
resolution, but it is the substance and the
meaning of it; and in consequence of this it
received the indorsement and the approbation
of the hundreds of rebels who were in that
convention from the South, men ivho organ-
ized the rebel government and organized and
led the rebel armies in battle. This, then, is
the issue, a continuance of the war ; a renewal
of the rebellion ; because it is cither that, or
it is submission and acquiescence to what has
been done.
But, Mr. President, we are not left to grope
for the meaning of this convention; we are not
left even to seek for it by inference. We have
a letter of General Francis P. Blair, written, I
believe, less than one week ago, and this letter
has been indorsed by that convention this
afternoon by his nomination as their candi-
date for the Vice Presidency. At least I am
informed that he has been nominated.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us have the letter
read. 1 want to hear it.
Mr. MOltTON. It is as much a part of
this platform as if it was incorporated in it,
for the ink was hardly dry before it was
indorsed by liis nomination. I ask the Secre-
tary to read the clause of this letter that 1 have
marked.
Mr. CONKLINC, Mr. POMBROY, and
others. Let him read the whole letter, so
that it can go into the Globe.
Mr. MORTON. I will ask the Secretary to
read the whole letter, especially that which is
distinctly marked.
Several Senators. Let us have the whole
letter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The letter
will be xead.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Washington, June 30,186S.
Dear Colonel: In reply to your inquiries I beg
leave to say that X leave to you to determine, on
consultation with my friends from Missouri, whether
my name bhall be presented to the Democratic con-
vention, and to suhont the following, as what I con-
sider the ical and only is?ue in this contest:
The reconstruction policy of the Radicals will be
complete betore the next election; the.Statessolong
excluded will have been admitted; negro suffrage
established and the carpet-baggers installed in their
seats in both branches of Congress. There is no pos-
sibility of changing tbo political character of the
Senate, even if the Democrats should elect their
President and a majority of the popular branch of
Congress. "Wc cannot, therefore, undo the Radical
plan ot reconstruction by congressional action; the
Senate will continue a foai* to its repeal. Must wo
submit to it? How can it be overthrown? It can
only be overthrown by the authority of the Executive
who is sworn to maintain the Constitution, and who
will fail to do his duty if he allows the Constitution
t© perish under a series of congressional enactments
which are in. palpable violation of its fundamental
principles.
If the President elccted by the Democracy enforces
or permits others to enforce these reconstruction
acts, the Radicals by the.accession of twenty spuri-
ous Senators and iit'ty Representatives win control
both branches of Congress, and his administration
will be as power tess as tho present one of Mr. John-
son.
There is but one way to restore the Government
and the Constitution, and that is for the President-
elect to declare these acts null and void, compel the
Army to undo its usurpations at the South, disperse
tho carpet-bag State governments, allow the wXifce
people to reorganize their own governments, and 61ect
Senators and Representatives. The House of Repre-
sentatives will contain a majority of Democrats from
tho North, and they will admit the Represontatiyes
elected by the white people of the South, and with
the cooperation of the President it will not be dim-
cult to compel tho Senate to submit once more to tho
obligations of the Constitution. It will not be able
to withstand the public judgment, if distinctly in-
voiced and clearly expressed on this fundamental
issue, and it is the sure way to avoid all future strife
to put the issue plainly to the country.
I repeat that this is tho real and otily question
which we should allow to control us: shall we sub-
mit to the usurpations by which the Government has
been overthrown, or shall we exert ourselves for its
full and complete restoration ? It is idle to talk of
bonds, greenback*, gold, the public faith, and the
public credit. W hat can a Democratic President do
in regard to any of these with a Congress in both
branches controlled by tho carpet-baggers and their
allies? Ho will be powerless to stop the supplies by
which idle negroes are organized into political clubs—
by which an army is maintained to protect these vag-
abonds in their outrages upon tho ballot. These, and
things like these, eat up the revenues and resources
of tho Government and destroy its credit—make the
difference between gold and greenbacks. We must
restore the Constitution before we can restore the
finance?, and to do tlys wo must have a President
who will execute the will of tho people by trampling
into dust the usurpation of Congress, known as the
reconstruction acts. 1 wish to stand betore the con-
vention upon thisissue, but it is onowhich embraces
everything else that is of value in its large and com-
prehensive results. It is the one thing that includes
all that is worth a contest, and without it there is
nothing that gives dignity, honor, or value to the
struggle.
Your friend, FRANK P. BLAIR,
Colonel James 0. JBroadiiead.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, that is the
Democratic platform. General Blair, whatever
you may say of him, is a bold, outspoken man,
and he spoke the sentiment of that convention.
He says, "Upon these sentiments I want to
stand before the convention;" and upon those
sentiments he was nominated. Therefore, I
say that the language of the Democratic conven-
tion at New York to the whole country is war;
resistance by force of amis to congressional
legislation; the overthrow by force of arms of
the governments that have been erected in the
rebel States under the laws enacted by Con-
gress; the continuance of.this rebellion ; con-
tinuance of this struggle iu a somewhat different
form, but still the same struggle, contending'for
the same pjgtociples. It is now announced for-
mally, not at Montgomery, not at Richmond,
but at New York. The country need not be at
any loss to understand the character of the con-
test upon which we are entering. It is not one
of peace and acquiescence, of consolidation
whereby the ravages of war may be repaired;
but it is a new declaration of war; a new
announcement of the rebellion under some-
what different circumstances, but under cir-
cumstances formidable, dangerous, and sol-
emn. Let the country look the struggle in the
face.-
General Blair has said truly that all that is
said about greenbacks and bonds and ques-
tions of finance is mere nonsense. The great
issue is the question of overturning the new
State governments by force, the restoration of
the power of the rebels, or as they call it the
white men's government in those Slates; and
all the rest is leather and prunella. We owe
a debt of gratitude to General Blair for his
frankness. There need be no deception prac-
ticed now, and there can bo none. There can
be no other issue presented substantially to us
but that of the future peace of this country.
If Seymour shall be elected upon that platform
he stands pledged to use the Army of the
United States for the purpose of overturning
the governments that have been established in
the South by the voice of the whole people,
and by that Army to .place the power back
again into the hands of the rebels. Tliey were
there with him iu that convention. They have
given to him their, counsel. They have
indorsed Mr." Seymour, and the convention
and all have indorsed General Francis P.
Blair.
I know that we shall be told in the Northwest
that they intend to have the same currency
for the Government and the people, for the
bondholder and the laborer. They -will pro-
claim taxation of the bonds as the great issue
upon which'they expect to get .votes ; but that
will all be a deception. The great issue under-
lying the whole contest—and we have, -the
solemn declaration of their candidate for
Vice President to that effect—will, be the
renewal of the war to overturn the State gov-
ernments that have just been established under
the acts of Congress. General Blair has re-
lieved the Republican party of a great deal of
labor. He has unmasked the enemy with
whom we have to deal, and he has placed
before the country the very issue, peace or
war;
Mr. SHERMAN. There are now but fifteen
minutes left before the time fixed for a recess,
and I move that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business. There is
some executive business that must be trans-
acted.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before the
doors are closed, the Chair will receive a
message from the House of Representatives.
MESSAGE FKOJI THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, annouiioed
that the House had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the following bills: ;
A bill (H. R. No. 420) to incorporate the
Connecticut Avenue and Park Railway Com-
pany in the District of Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 650) to amend act of 3d
March, lfcSOp, providing for the construction
of certain wagon-roads i-n Dakota Territory ;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 1068) to provide for cer-
tain claims against the Department of Agri-
culture.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 344) to incorporate
the Washington Target-Shooting Association
in the District of Columbia.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of tho House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by President prd tempore of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 542) for the relief of Thomas
W. Ward, collector of customs at Corpus
Christi, Texas; and
A bill (H. It. No. 1150) authorizing the
Commissioner of the General Land Office to
issue a patent to P. N. Blake for one hundred
and sixty acres of land in Kansas.
WASHISOTOM TAKGJST ASSOCIATION.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope the Senate will
recede from its amendment to the bill which
has just been returned to us from the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. You can do that in the
morning.
Mr. HARLAN. It will not take a minute.
Mr. POMEROY. Let the title of the bill
be read.
The Chief Clerk. A bill H. R. No. S44)
to incorporate the " Washington Target Shoot-
ing Association" in the District of Columbia.
Mr. HARLAN. I will state that the Sen-
ate amended it by fixing the maximum capital
at $50,000. The bill itself fixed itat $100,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it takes no time 1 will
not object.
Mr. HARLA'N. It will take no time. I
move that the Senate recede from its amend-
ment.
Mr, CONKLING. Is not this the amend-
ment confining the transfer of real estate to
the purposes of the bill ?
Mr. HARLAN, No; it liserely fixes the
