440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
January 10,
gress to reestablish the law, if we repeal it,
as to remove the suspension if we suspend it.
If, now, we pass this bill, we suspend this con-
traction indefinitely, and we say to the country
that there shall be no more contraction until
such time as Congress shall take positive and
affirmative action in that direction. But if we
adopt the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania we simply provide that con-
traction shall be suspended until the 1st of
July, and then it is resumed by mere opera-
tion of law without further action on the part
of Congress.
I say it will be better for the business of the
country to allow the law to stand as it is than
to have this irregular and exceptional legisla-
tion. But, sir, my judgment is that the inter-
est of the country, and that the general opinion
of the business community in all parts of the
country, require tbat ive shall immediately and
indefinitely prohibit a further contraction of
the currency.
Mr. CONKLING-. Then why not say 80?
Mr. MORTON. I would prefer it, but the
committee put the bill in this form, and as I
think it is substantially the same thing I am
willing to accept it. 1 thought it was hardly
worth while to make a fight about the differ-
ence between the two things, for I think if we
shall suspend it indefinitely, as we do by this
bill, we shall not authorize it at any subse-
quent time, because it will take affirmative
action to do that.
Mr. CATTELL. Mr. President, I am op-
posed to the amendment to this bill proposed
by the Senator from Pennsylvania, and I trust
it will not be adopted. I shall avail myself
of the privilege frequently taken in this body
of expressing my views in relation to the bill
itself in connection with the remarks which I
have to make against the adoption of this
amendment.
I am opposed to the adoption of the amend-
ment on the ground stated by the Senator
from Indiana. It is proposed by the bill now
before the Senate to suspend the further con-
traction of the currency, which simply means
that it will leave the question in the hands of
Congress for the present that they maybe gov-
erned in the future by circumstances which
may induce them either to renew the authority
to contract or to continue indefinitely the sus-
pension ; and therefore I would prefer, with
the Senator from Indiana, that the bill should
not be passed at all rather than be passed lim-
iting the time for the few months which is
proposed by the amendment of the Senator
from Pennsylvania.
There have been some criticisms upon this
bill from various sources, and among them
that of the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Coxkung,] who a few moments ago addressed
the Senate; and as I am somewhat responsible
for at least the language of the bill as it now
stands before the Senate I propose to state
very briefly the history of the bill and my con-
nection with it.
It will be remembered, perhaps, by some
Senators, that soon after the meeting of Con-
gress. the very first week of the session, I intro-
duced into the Senate a joint resolution pro-
viding for the suspension of the power of the
Secretary of the Treasury to contract the cur-
rency §4,000,000 per month. That resolution
was referred to'the Committee on Finance. On
the very same day, I think, without any knowl-
edge of mine, however, the Committee of Ways
and Means of the House of Representatives
reported a bill to the House to repeal so much
of the act of April 12, 1866, as authorizes the
Secretary to contract die currency at the rate
jf $4,000,000 per month, which was promptly
massed by the House by a very decisive vote.
That bill on being sent here was also, referred
to the Committee on Finance of the Senate.
The Committee, believing that the language of
the joint resolution which I had introduced,
suspending instead of repealing this provision
of the act of April 12, 1806, would be .more
acceptable to the Senate, adopted the language
of the joint resolution which I had the honor
to submit to the Senate in the early part of the
session as a substitute for the House bill. So
much, sir, for the history ot' the bill and the
reason which governed the committee in adopt-
ing the language of the joint resolution rather
than that of the House bill itself.
As I feel somewhat the responsibility of hav-
ing introduced this measure into the Senate, I
cannot forbear, although the subject has been
discussed at great length, saying a few words
upon it. The views expressed by the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance are so fully
in accord with my own tbat I hesitate to tres-
pass on the time of the Senate ; and yet I con-
sider the bill of such great importance, one
which is so imperatively demanded by the
present condition of the trade and commerce
and industrial interests of the nation, and one
which will be productive of so much good, that
I ain disposed not to shrink from the respon-
sibility of having presented it to the Senate, or
of now advocating its passage.
In doing this I do not mean to be drawn into
the discussion of the many other grave finan-
cial questions with which we are soon to be
confronted. I adopt the language of the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, that suffi-
cient unto the day is the duty, as well as the
evil, thereof. Nor am I disposed to be drawn
into the discussion of the question, which has
entered so largely into this debate, as to the
effect which this bill will have upon the re-
sumption of specie payments, either by pro-
tracting or hastening that period. I do not
even propose to discuss tire question whether
contraction pure and simple is the legitimate
road to an early resumption of specie pay-
ments, further than to say, that even if that
theory be admitted with certain limitations
and restrictions, in ray opinion a remorseless,
inexorable, unbroken policy of contraction,
regardless of the condition of trade and com-
merce, unmindful of how values are unsettled,
and the relations of debtor and creditor are
disturbed, will defeat the very object which
my friend from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] and
my friend from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] have
so much at heart, and in which I am sure they
have the hearty sympathy of every Senator in
this Chamber,! namely, the ability to return to
specie payments at the earliest practicable
moment. No, sir; the ability to return to and
maintain specie payments will never come
simply by the enforcement of an inexorable
contraction policy.
Our financial condition is the result of the
destruction of values incident to the prosecu-
tion of a long and desolating war. To save
the life of the nation We Were compelled to call
a million of men from industrial pursuits, in
which they were makihg for us national wealth,
and to engage them for four long years in the
very opposite process—that of the destruction
of values. It is to this waste of national wealth,
this loss and destruction of capital, that our
present unfortunate financial position is to be
attributed.
Mr. President,, in my judgment, to enable ns
to reach a sound financial condition, we must
recover in some good degree what we have thus
lost; we must repair the waste places, reoccnpy
the fields and the workshops, and patiently
work on until we have regained the capital
consumed in the prosecution of the war. Ad-
mitting the unsatisfactory financial condition
in which we find ourselves, and recognizing it
as one of the evils entailed upon us by the
wicked rebellion, we must exercise patience
and moderation, and in the language of one of
our most gifted poets—
"Learn to labor and to wait."
I repeat that the road to specie payments,
in my judgment, lies mainly in stiitalating the
industrial energies of our people, in developing
the illimitable resources of our great country,
in increasing production, agricultural, mineral,
and manufacturing, and in fostering trade and
commerce; and when you add to these the
exercise of public and private economy, a
restoration of capital will bring about ability
to resume, and then you eannot prevent a
return to specie payments and a sound finan-
cial condition even if you would.
But, sir, I have been betrayed into saying
more on this point than I intended. My rea-
son for the introduction of this measure was
because I believed that, even admitting the
soundness of the theory of contraction, we had
reached a point where we should at least pause.
It has been shown by the statement given to
the Senate by the chairman of the Committee
on Finance that the total amount of currency
of all kinds on the 1st of April, 1866, inde-
pendent of the aggregate bank reserve, which
is deducted, was $720,122,898. With such an
amount of currency afloat the Congress of the
United States, very properly in my opinion,
considered that the currency was redundant,
and in their wisdom they conferred upon the
Secretary of the Treasury the power to reduce
the amount as specified in the act of April 12,
1806. Seven hundred and twenty millions of
currency, I repeat, was considered too much ;
but yet so careful were the Congress of the
United States on this point, so doubtful were
they of the ability to rapidly reduce this cur-
rency, that the very law which confers upon the
Secretary of the Treasury the power we now
propose to suspend rigidly limits this power,
and provides that not more than $10,000,000
shall be withdrawn in the course of the si*
months ensuing after the passage of the act.
! With a currency of $720,000,000, as shown
by the figures, the Congress of the United
States deemed that it would be rash to give
! the Secretary of the Treasury power to con-
I tract more than $10,000,000 in the six months
; following the passage of the act. They thought,
doubtless, at .the time of the passage of that
law tbat a contraction of $1,500,000 per month
| was about as much as the country could stand,
| even with a currency so redundant as that of
| $720,000,000. • They then provided further,
with such a volume of currency as this $720,-
000,000—which, it seems to me, must haunt the
visions of the gentlemen who are so much dis-
tressed by this irredeemable paper currency—
not tbat there should be a contraction of
$4,000,000 per month after the expiration of
the six months, but they simply gave the'
power to the Secretary of the Treasury to con-
tract, and said to him, "Beyond $4,000,000
per month out of a currency of $720,000,000
yon shall not go.'_'
It has been claimed that this was the adop-
tion of a policy. I have read the law very
carefully, and 1 see nothing in it which com-
mits Congress or the people to the prosecution
of such a policy when we -shall have arrived at
a point where it is disastrous rather than bene-
ficial. The law itself is wonderfully guarded.
It commences with the declaration that Con-
gress does not consider it safe to give the power
to anybody even to contract for six months
more than about Dne and a half millions per
month, and that then, after the people shall
have had so long a notice by this moderate
contraction, beyond $4,000,000 per month con-
traction shall not go.
Mr..President, what is the present condition
of affairs? The statement submitted by the
chairman of the Committee on Finance shows
that on the 1st of Jannary, 1868, the redac-
tion of this currency bad reached the sum
of $140,122,898, and that we stand to-day
with a currency of $5-77,758,540^ instead of
$720,122,698 when this law authorising, a con- *
traction of $10,000,000 in the first six months
Mud 84,000,000 per month thereaftarwas passed.
I submit, sirr whether good reasons might not
esxiet for the contraction of the currency nnder
certain limitations and restrictions when it was
$720,000,000 that-would not exist when it had
been reduced in the short space of twenty-one
months to $570,000,000.7
I do not admit that the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, in the passage of this law. declared
that they intended this to be a continuous policy
until every dollar of the legal tenders should
be exhausted, regardless of circumstances and
condition*. It was a law adopted in view of
