2848
TBM CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jnife 4,
compromises in the surroundings of the Senate
of the United States. There is where the mis-
take is. You should let these men, whether
they are Democrats or Republicans, if they
are honest, be confirmed, and not place them,
in the position of selling out to both sides.
That is the trouble; a man who will sell in
politics will sell in every-day life.
Now, a word further as to the gentleman to
whom allusion has been made as the collector
of the third district of Pennsylvania. That
gentleman, like the gentleman from Ohio, went
into the war and served from the beginning to
the end of it, and fought bravely and well. I
esteem him and have always esteemed him as
a man of character. I am ready to protect
him here; to defend his military record, his
social record, and his business record, so long
as he proves himself correct in all those rela-
tions of life. When he shall fail to perform
his duty, then I will no longer defend him ;
but I will not desert him because a few Demo-
crats in his district want his office ; nor will I
permit him to be condemned because the head
of the bureau, as I believe, is engaged in perse-
cuting him for political purposes and none
other. Until shown to have done wrong his
character should stand free from aspersion.
I believe I have stated all that is necessary
on the two points upon which I deem it neces-
sary to say anything.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Raxdall] lias replied directly to
my allusion to an officer in the third district of
Pennsylvania, an officer about whom the Pres-
ident has been thinking for six months, with the
recommendation of the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue before him that he was not to be
trusted, and, as I think, though I have no per-
sonal knowledge upon the subject, with the
desire of the Secretary of the Treasury to sus-
tain the Commissioner 
Mr. RANDALL. I think that is true.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think so. I think all,
Republicans and Democrats, Secretary and
Commissioner, are disposed to get rid of this
man.
Mr. RANDALL. Do not call the Secre-
tary of the Treasury a Democrat.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well.
Mr. LOGAN. What is he?
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, I believe he is a
Conservative.
Mr. WARD. I rise to a point of order. Is
this discussion about men in order upon this
section V
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is
not in order. General statements of fact in
regard to officers are in order, but not state-
ments in regard to the character of a particu-
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I suppose it would
not be in order for me to refer to an officer in
the gentleman's own State. It all begins and
ends in the same way. Gentlemen ought to
be satisfied by this time that there is a neces-
sity for giving to some one the control of this
department.
As I rose only for the purpose of sustaining
tile allusions I made by way of illustration
when up before, I will not occupy the atten-
tion of this committee any further. If this
amendment should be withdrawn, and the
committee are not desirous to continue the dis-
cussion, but are ready to come to a vote upon
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Judd,] I will move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing debate on this
section.
Mr. RANDALL. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. WOOD. I renew the amendment to
the amendment. I am very glad the commit-
tee have been brought back* to the question
under consideration. I do not believe that
corruption or virtue is confined to either part}'.
I do not believe that all the fraud on the rev-
enue has been perpetrated by any particular
party for any particular purpose.
It is not my purpose to introduce in the least
degree any particular considerations in the dis-
cussion of this great question of taxing the
people of the United States in the mode here
proposed.
We all agree as to the existence of the evil.
I believe there is no difference of opinion on
either side of the House or in the whole coun-
try as to the fact that gross frauds have been
perpetrated and are being perpetrated, and will
continue to be perpetrated, unless a remedy is
in some way afforded. Nor is it peculiar to
this country alone that frauds on the revenue
system are practiced. It is officially alleged
in England that the tax is collected only upon
about one third of the spirits actually distilled
there. And notwithstanding the experience
of that country, and, indeed, of all Europe,
upon the subject of internal revenue, yet from
the inherent wickedness of our nature, from
the premium offered by ttie attempt to impose
heavy taxes upon particular branches of indus-
try, frauds have been perpetrated there, and I
believe they are being perpetrated there now ;
therefore, we all agree as to the faet of the
existence of frauds.
Now, as to the remedy. I understand the
Committeeof Ways andMeans have given con-
sideration to this subject, and as the result of
their examination, they have framed this bill,
which, in their judgment, will provide a rem-
edy. They propose to continue precisely the
same machinery, without any alteration except
in the name.
Now, why do they do that ? I ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] to tell me
why it is proposed to change this from a bureau
to a department? I will tell the reason why.
It is to meet a provision of the Constitution
which gives to heads of Departments, when so
authorized by Congress, the appointment of
subordinate officers. It is to evade that con-
stitutional provision. But does that create any
more efficiency in the execution or the admin-
istration of the laws for the collection of reve-
nue? Will the change of the name from bu-1
reau to department give any more efficiency ?
Not at all.
And it is proposed to confer upon this new
department most extraordinary powers, pow-
ers which, in my judgment, are worse than the
frauds which they seek to remedy. The remedy
itself is worse than the evil, because by this
power every private right, every sacred tie be-
tween man and wife, all the nearest and dearest
interests of every individual in the community
at large, are committed to the keeping of one
man, who is not responsible to the President
of the United States, or to any other authority.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I desire
to say a word in regard to the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Blatne.] Whatever may be our views in re-
gard to making this Internal Revenue Bureau
a separate department, I do not think we ought
to strike out this section entirely. I have pre-
pared, and shall at the proper time take occa-
sion to offer, an amendment which saves the
body of the section, but strikes out so much
of it as proposes to make the Internal Revenue
Bureau a separate department. I wish to say
a few words in regard to the amendment which
I propose to offer.
If we are to make this bureau a separate
department for the sake of any political gain,
it seems to me we are as likely to lose as to
profit by it; and hence, even if we were work-
ing for such a purpose, we ought to dismiss the
project. In the next place, if we expect to
improve the condition of the department^ by
preventing fraud, I do not see that the object
will be accomplished by the proposed change;
for it only removes the difficulty one step far-
ther: it only requires the rascality to take one
additional step: and I cannot see that the rev-
enue will be any better protected than it is now.
Besides, sir, the proposition is liable to two
or three very serious objections, which I beg
leave to state. The first is the constitutional
difficulty which has already been raised by
several gentlemen who have spoken. The
question is whether the effect of this proposed
legislation will not be to create a new office
and to legislate into it a particular man, and
whether thereby we do not usurp what is really
an executive function. That question is likely
to be raised, and, indeed, is raised. The out-
come is likely to be what it was over in the
Senate a few days ago in reference to the Sec-
retary of War.
But, beyond that, and laying aside all polit-
ical considerations, it seems to me unwise
for us to do any more than has already been
done in the way of dividing authority and
responsibility. There is just as much reason
for creating a separate department for the col-
lection of customs as there is for erecting the
Internal Revenue Bureau into a separate
department; and I think such a projcctcould
be more easily defended, because the collec-
tion of customs is transacted at comparatively
few points on the sea-board, and the business
could be administered by comparatively few
hands. • In favor of such a proposition there
could be presented a more plausible argument
than that which is urged here for the creation
of this new department.
If we go on in this way dividing authority
and responsibility in the Treasury Department,
making separate and independent departments
instead of having one central responsible head
that shall be with reference to all subordinate
departments a sort of supreme court of ap-
peals, to decide questions which may be brought
up, we shall, it seems to me, have a total lack
of that unity which is necessary for the proper
conduct of fiscal affairs. On thisground, there-
fore, I am opposed to this measure.
I will only add, in conclusion, as my time is
about expiring, that so far as I am concerned
I do not desire that this Congress shall shoulder
any more executive responsibility.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOOD. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, it would
doubtless simplify governmental matters very
much to have one supreme head of all; and
perhaps we are drifting in that direction.
That seems to be my colleague's idea of the
best administration of any department of the
Government. An emperor, therefore, would
be an improvement. Hence, whether we shall
have "a President or a king" becomes, per-
haps, a very practical question.
But let me add that there are other reasons
of which I am reminded by the course of my
colleague's argument, and which, I think, show
clearly the propriety of retaining the section
as proposed by the committee. I find among
other reasons that the business of the Com-
missioner is now seriously delayed by the
necessity he is under of withholding his con-
clusion upon so many important matters until
he can have an opportunity to consult with the
Secretary. This renders prompt action im-
possible.
Such is the variety of the Secretary's duties
that most matters pertaining to internal reve-
nue are passed upon by his clerks, who are
necessarily less fully informed than Uie clerks
of the Internal Revenue Office. In many cases
the carefully formed opinion of the Commis-
sioner is overruled by the Secretary's clerks.
The Commissioner is now often unable to
give positive instructions in reply to a ques-
tion from an officer, as he cannot know how
the subject will be treated in the Secretary's
office.
Representatives of the Secretary's office now
frequently give instructions to officers which
conflict with instructions from the Internal
Revenue Office, and the energy of the service is
much weakened by the doubt thus engendered.
I state that simply as my brief in this case.
It shows some of the reasons why there should
be an independent and separate department of
the internal revenue. They are conclusions
deduced from the facts which I have found
on careful inquiry at the proper quarter in ref-
erence to the present condition of things.
