1868.
THE OOXGKifSSIONAL GLOBE.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentlemau's time
has expired.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to close the debate
upon this section, find will move that the com-
mittee rise for that purpose.
The CHAIRMAN. The time ■is near at
hand when the committee will take its recess.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Chairman, I
desire to say that while there are a great many
reasons in favor of making this bureua a de-
partment under a responsible head, and while I
should like to vote for it, still I am constrained
to come to the conclusion that it is unwise to
attempt to erect it into a department. I am
inclined to believe the effect would be to legis-
late Mr. Rollins out of office. There is great
doubt on that point.
The CHAIRMAN. The hour of half past
four o'clock having arrived, the committee, in
pursuance of the order of the House, will take
a recess until half past seven o'clock this even-
ing.
EVENING SESSION.
At half past seven o'clock the House reas-
sembled in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Fomeroy in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the special
order, being the bill (H. K. No. 1060) to reduce
into one act and to ameud the laws relating to
internal taxes, the pending question being on
Mr. Bi.aixe'r motion, to strike out the follow-
ing section:
That tile office of Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue be, and the same is hereby, established and
constituted a department of the Government, to be
designated and Known as the department of internal
i evenue, the head and chiet othcer ot whieh de-
partment sh;ill be the Commissioner of Internal
Kcvenue, whose sahiry MutlI be $13,000 per ;umum.
Au<t whenever t tie oliiee of Commissioner of Internal
Kevcnue shall become vacant by death, resignation,
or otherwise, the President shail nominate, and by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate
appoin t a suitable person to fill said office.
The CHAIliMAN. When the committee
took a recess the gentleman from Illinois was
on the floor on a pro forma amendment.
Mr. FAllNSWORXH. Mr. Chairman, I was
about saying, when the committee took a recess,
that at the best this provision of this bill raises
a very grave doubt as to whether we do not by
the first, section legislate the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue out of office. It creates a
new oliiee, and Congress has not the authority
to legislate a man into it. We cannot legislate
a man into office. Mr. Rollins is nowasubor-
dinate at the head of a bureau, and if we pro-
vide for a new department is not that putting
him at the head ot' it? Who is to judge of the
question? The President. How will he be
likely to judge? As best suits his policy.
AVhat remedy is there if he judges wrong?
If we do not legislate Mr. Rollins into office,
if we are not creating a new office. if we have
a right to do this and the President thinks we
have not, where is the remedy? He sets him
aside and appoints another when Congress
adjourns, and where is the remedy ? We have
none. We have already seen that we have
none when he flagrantly violates the law ; we
certainly have none where there is any doubt
about the violation of law.
Then, sir, if we create this department and
give to the head of it this great power to ap-
point all the revenue officers throughout the
United States, there is an incentive, an induce-
ment for the President to set him aside and fill
his place with another man who will be a crea-
ture of his own to control this vast amount of
patronage in the United States to suit his pur-
poses and the purposes of the party. I have
confidence now in the present Commissioner of
Internal Revenue; but, under ordinary circum-
stances, ay, under almost any circumstances, I
would be opposed to clothing one man with
the power to appoint this vast horde of officers.
1 think it is a very doubtful policy to clothe
any one man, without tne supervision of the
Senate, with this enormous power, this im-
mense patronage. As was said by the gentle?
man from Maine, if we pass this section, and
40th Cow,. 2r> - No. I TV.
the sixth section of the bill in connection with
it, there is every inducement for the President,
if he sees fit to exercise his authority, to set
aside Commissioner Rollins and appoint a
creature of his own who can turn out all the
collectors and assessors throughout the United
States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PARNSWORTII. I agreed to motfe
that the committee rise.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Itisunnecessaryatthe
present time; there is not a quorum in the
House. We mav as well discuss the subject.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I leave it to the
chairman of the committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection ; there
is no quorum present.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Chairman, it is
well enough to inquire what is proposed to be
done by the section under discussion. What
will it accomplish if it becomes a law ? It pro-
poses first to abolish the office of internal
evenue.
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir.
Mr, INGERSOLL. Well.itproposestoabol-
ish the Bureau of Internal Revenue, whether
it does in express terms or not. 1 ask my
friend what becomes of your office of internal
revenue if this bill goes into effect? Is it in
existence after this becomes a law? Not for
a moment. The bill may not say in terms that
it abolishes that office, but its effect is to do
so, to wipe it out of existence. What, then,
follows? It creates an absolute department,
a coequal with any other in this Government.
Who is at the head now of the office of inter-
nal revenue, whieh is to-day but a simple
bureau of the Treasury Department? A bu-
reau officer. It does not matter now what his
name is or what his functions are ; a bureau
officer, known to the law as such, and entirely
unknown to the law as a head of the depart-
ment, is at the head of the Internal Revenue
Bureau.
Now. I ask what is to become of that bureau
officer who presides over that bureau when
you have abolished the oflice? Is it not a
necessary implication that that officer ceases
to be when the office over which he presides
is stricken out of existence? Nothing to me
is plainer. By a repeal of the law which
established the bureau, or by abolishing the
bureau itself, the officer presiding over it
ceases to exist.
And this section proposes to create a new
department, for there is no such department
at the present time. It is not eulaiging the
bureau in the Department. It is annihilating
it and creating a new department. That is all
it is. You cannot make it anything else. It is
not enlarging the powers of the Commissioner.
It is wiping him out of existence and creating
a head of a department in his stead. I do not
care anything about his name, whether it be
Rollins or Smith makes no difference. The
present head of the bureau i.s the officer in
charge of it, and it is an adjunct of the Treas-
ury Department. When it ceases to be such
it ceases by virtue of your law which wipes it
out of existence. By virtue of your law you
create a new department, and having done it
you propose to legislate a head on to that
department, which jou have no authority for
doing under the Constitution.
It is not a legislative act. The creation of
the department is a legislative act; the appoint- ]'
ment of a head for it is an executive act. It j
belongs to the Executive to appoint the head !,
of the department, and not to Congress. It
belongs.to .Congress to create the department, ||
and not to the Executive. These distinctions '
or limitations of their powers are apparent
and known to all who are familiar with legisla- !
tion. It would be. in my opinion, a violation
of the Constitution for Congress to create a ,
department and then fill it by the appoint-
ment of a Cabinet officer ; for he will be a i
Cabinet officer by virtue ofhis position, although !
he ipay not be invited to a seat in the Cabinet. \
1 know it is at the option of the President and I
that there is no constitutional obligation to !
recognizethehead ofa Department asa Cabinet-
officer. But he is to be at the head of a depart-
ment and you create that depa'rtthent what for?
For the purpose of empowering him to make
appointments under the Constitution and law
which lie has no authority for making as the
head of a bureau.^ The head of a bureau
cannot make appointments of assessors and
collectors. He has no such authority under
the law or under the Constitution, and now
you propose to swell him up to the proportions
of the head of a Department. What for? To
give him an authority which he does not pos-
sess as the head of a bureau. This is not a
correct way of doing things. I do not believe
that it can be sustained ; you have no precedent
for it, and I do not believe you have any Author-
ity for it in the Constitution. It is not worth
while to argue here whether itisgoing to bene-
fit the revenue or not, whether it will be advan-
tageous to this party or to that party, whether
it will be for the benefit of the country or
whether it will relieve the President and the
Secretary of the Treasury from onerous duties.
We cannot argue that question. The first
point of inquiry is, have you constitutional au-
thority and warrant for doing this thing*? Ifyou
have not you must stop, in ray opinion, you
havenot gotthatauthoiity. And, sir, in order
to reach the very object for which this section
is intended, you must strike out some words,
and I will point them out.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. The trouble with the gen-
tleman is about the Constitution. The trouble
is that we undertake to make a Cabinet officer.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Not at all; the gentle-
man is mistaken.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, that we are making
a coequal department.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Only creating a depart-
ment.
Mr. SCHENCK. We are creating a depart-
ment, the gentleman says, and making a Cab-
inet 'officer, although he may not be called
into the Cabinet. I thought that long since
gentlemen had read enough of the Constitu-
tion—for this has been a matter of discussion
here, and attention has been attracted to it—to
know that there is nothing about a Cabinet in
the Constitution of the United States. A- cus-
tom has grown up, aiising, I suppose, out of
the fact that the President is authorized to ask
for the opinion in writing of the head of a
Department, which the early Presidents did
occasionally; acustom has grown up of holding
a sort of town meeting up here at the White
House, where they take votes; but I protest
against any argument founded upon that which
is not to be tound in the Constitution at ail,
which if it be not a mere excrescence, is simply
a usage which has grown up of calling together,
in order to consult orally and compare notes,
these different heads of the Departments.
It has reached that pass now, I believe, that
when the Secretary of the Navy has a particu-
lar law to enforce, according to its letter and
according to the usage of fifty, years, instead of
doing that which the law requires him to do—
he being in charge of all that relates to the busi-
ness of the Department, at the head of which he
is placed—he is compelled to draw his business
into this Cabinet council, to be voted down and
compelled to violate the law by the judgment
of those whose duty is not to execute that
particular law, but who vote him down and
prevent him from doing that which the law
requires him to do. 1 have a case exactly of
that kind in my mind at this moment.
What is there in all this to raise the difficulty
the gentleman sees? He says we create some-
thing entirely new in the shape of a Commis-
, sioner at the head of a department- Sir, we
! do nothing of the sort, We simply say that
i the office of Commissioner of Internal Re\enu©
1 shall be extended into a department. \\ e
: leave the Commissioner with his salary and
I with his duty, adding or not adding to those
i duties as we may by further legislation, and
I keep him at the head of that department.
> Now. as my friend from Maine [Mr. Ki.AIXEj
