1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1825
But I would wish them in this grave matter, and if
peace is not wholly removed from their hearts, to
consider seriously that to criminate and recriminate
never yet was the road to reconciliation in any dif-
ference among men."
I put it to every member of this House if it
is not a fact that if this Alabama constitu-
tion had been submitted to the people of his
congressional district for ratification or rejec-
tion that not only neither he nor any of his
constituents would have voted for it, but that
he would have denounced it on every stump
as an insult to his people. I know he would.
Why, then, seek to fasten it on the people of
Alabama? They are men of like feeling and
passions as yourselves. The same blood
courses through their veins. Their fathers and
yours stood side by side through the bloody,
weary days of the Revolution. Their pseans
and their prayers mingled together for the
liberty so dearly won. They stood and fell
together at New Orleans and on the Thames.
They were by your side at Buena Yista and
Chepultepec, and when the terrible internecine
war raged they fought, right or wrong, as free-
men only can. Let it never be told by the
future historian that you disgraced the victories
your valor won by destroying the liberty you
fought to preserve to gratify a petty malice ;
rather proclaim that brave men forget and for- •
give, and that he is most ignoble who tramples
on a fallen and suppliant foe.
The men of America have always opposed
what they considered bad principles, and surely
a worse than that incorporated into that oath
cannot well be conceived. Mr. Burke said of
them a hundred years ago :
" In other countries the people, more simple and
of a less mercurial caste, judge ot\an ill principle in
Government only by an actual grievance; hero they
anticipate the evil, and judge of tho prcssuro of the
grievance by tho badness of the principle, ihey
augur nnsgoverninent at a distance, and snuff the
approach ot tyranny in every tainted breeze."
So thoroughly are the white men of Alabama
satisfied that of all the calamities that could
befall them, loss of liberty, deprivation of civil
government, military domination, all combined,
are as nothing compared with the impending
horrors of negro supremacy which it is designed
by this constitution to fasten upon them, that
they sent a petition to the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, which was presented on the Uth of
February by Senator Doolittle, begging,
imploring, 1 may say, that if they must have
tyrants over them, let them be men of their
own blood and lineage, and not degraded and
brutal barbarians.
I will read a few extracts from it to verify
my statements:
"To the Honorable the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States in Congress assem-
bled: 'i'he white people of Alabama send this their
humble petition: ,
"We beseech your honorable bodies to withdraw
yourselves from the influence of the passions and con-
tests of tho hour, and contemplate for a brief period
our miserable condition and the yet more wretched
state which is already prepared for us. Surely it is
only such influences that have pi evented you lrom
bestowing upon us a single ray of beneficent regard.
"According to the last census taken by the federal
Government tho white people ol Alabama largely
outnumber the negio or colored population. And
wo think we arrogate nothing: which your honorable
bodieswill not concede to us when we say thatnearly
all of the education, intelligence, and civilization of
tho State are found in our race. But poverty tire-
vails throughout the land. We are beset by secret
oath-bound political societies. Uur character and
conduct are systematically misrepresented and ma-
ligned to you in tho newspapers of tho ivorth. ihc
intelligent and impartial administration ot just laws
is obstructed. Industry and enterprise ai e paralyzed
by the fears of the white men and the expectations
of the black that Alabama will soon be delivered
over to the rule of tho latter; and many of our best
people are. for these reasons, leaving the homes tiiey
love for other and strange lands.
41 Before the late unhappy war the white people ot
the South contributed their whole just proportion
of the great and good men whoso acts and charac-
ters constituted the chief renown of the Republic.
Those of us who endeavored to withdrawthc tooutu
irora. its partnership therein did not do po in order to
make war upon the northern states or their institu-
tions, but for the purpose (vain hope!) of peacefully
establishing another, not unfriendly, independent
confederacy, in which, under almost identical consti-
tutions, we might be more free from discoid,
however criminal, in- your opinion, we may in this
have been, yet neither our sins nor our suffenngs
Vtivp reduced us to uncivilised baroanaps.
" We have to deal with the incontestiblo fact that
40th Gong. 2d Skss.—No. 115,
in the main they are unlettered and capricious bar-
barians, turned suddenly loose from the condition of
slaves, and eager to avail themselves of freedom to
indulge and gratify their unbridled passions.
"Are these the people in whom should bo vested
the high governmental functions of enacting and en-
forcing laws and establishing institutions to prevent
crime, protect property, preserve peace and order in
society, and to promoto industry, enterprise, and
civilization hero, and the power and honor of tho
United States? Without property, without industry,
without any regard for reputation, without control
over their own caprices and strong passions, and
without fear of punishment under laws by courts
and through juries which are created and composed
of themselves and those whom they eleet, how can
it be otherwise than that they will, to tho great in-
jury of themselves as well as of us and our chil-
dren, bring blight, crime, ruin, and barbarism on this
fair land?
"Does any one say that your laws do not make
them rulors over us? What difference does it make
except to inci ease jealousy and intensify antagonism
that white men are also allowed to vote with til©
black, when it is so contrived that tho black shall
have the predominance and dominion? We entreat
you to pause and observe how your reconstruction,
acts are being executed here.
" Of thenegro population, whose numbers aremany
thousands less, tho registered voters aro over sixteen
thousand more than those of tho white race. And
white men who hate us, and othors from sordid mo-
tives cooperating with them, have by their own pro-
curement of others, stud not by tho intelligent choice
of the negro voters, been elected as their delegates
for the purpose, and have framed and now presented
for ratiiication to those registered voters a constitu-
tion of government, all of whose best clauses are
contained in our present constitution and in every
other instrument of the kind. But these are made
delusive and useless by the diabolical ingenuity of
other provisions, madotodisfranchisouseven boyond
tho enactments of Congress, and to insure over us
and our children and all who eome among us tho
ascendancy of tho negro race. And these same de-
signing and malignant enemies are prepared, so soon
as that constitution shall bo lalified, to organize,
arm, and invest with power under tho forms of law,
a militia to be composed chiefly of those same negro
voter*, in Older to perpetuate their lordship over us
by the aid of bullers and bayonets. Wo cannot be-
lieve that tho majorities of your honorable bodies
intended by your enactments to effect such a recon-
struction as tins.
" Will you, nearly three years after the war has
ended, when the passionsitkindled should have died
out in the magnanimity which greatsuccess oughtto
inspire, suffer a -whole State, lull of your kindred
civilized, white inhabitants, not only those who had
opposed the (-rovernment, but women and children
and loyal men who had adhered to it, to bo thus de-
livered over to tho hoi rid rule of barbarian negroes?
Donotcompel the honorable officers and bravo men
of the armies of the Republic to hold us down while
such fetters aie forged in our view and yours, and
then ignominiously fastened upon us. Wo are com-
patriots of Washington and ilenry and Jefferson
and Madison and Marshall and the Pinkneys and
Marion and Jackson and Oiay and Taylor. Are
therono names among these potentenough to arouse
any respect for us in your legislative halls?
Itissaid, and by frequent repetition you aromado
to believe it true, that tho ncgioes and solf-styled
loyalists cannot have justice done them, and aro un-
safe among us, and that we are still iu a state of re-
bellion. Tho charges are false. E\*f r since the war
our courts and upright judges in them have adminis-
tered justice as impartially as anywhere else in the
Republic. .
" Whathighcr evidence beside this couldbe given
of $he universal good faith and entireness and frank-
ness of our surrender than the fact that notwith-
standing thegrcat provocations of intruding political
adventurefs not a single guerrilla band has^ existed
and boon kept up against your authority since the
abdication of the confcderato authorities, under
who^o orders the war was waged.
"Continue over us, if you will do so, your own rule
by the sword. Send down among us honorable and
upright men of your own people, of the race to which
you and wa belong, and ungracious, contrary to wise
policy and the institutions of the country, aud lyr-
annous as it will be. no hand will be raised among
us to resist by force their authority. But do not, we
implore you, abdicate your rule over us by trans-
ferring usto the blighting, brutalizing, and unnatural
dominion of an alien and inferior race, a race which
has never exhibited sufficient administraUvo ability
for the good government of even tho tribes into which
it is broken up in its native scats, and which m all
ages has itself furnished slaves for all .the other races
of tho earth."
Mr. Speaker, the man who can read that
petition and turn round and vote to impose
this constitution on that people ought never to
be in a position where he needs either mercy or
Christian charity, for he is not entitled to either.
But I must proceed with ray statements of facts,
which my colleagues have a right to d'ernand
of me as a member of the committee, and from
which I have wandered somewhat to make
comments which others could have made more
forcibly after the facts are furnished.
As soon as the convention adjourned Gen-
eral Pope issued a military order for an elec-
tion to be held under it for the double purpose
of ratifying the constitution and electing mem-
bers of Congress and State officers, which order
is as follows : ' *
[General Orders, No. 101,]
Headquarters Third Military District,
Georgia, Alabama, and Florida,
Atlanta, Georgia, December 20, 1867*
Whereas a convention recently assembled atJVIont-
gomery, Alabama, in compliance with Oonerai Or-*
ders No. 7(3, from these headquarters, did, in pursu-
ance of tho acts oi Congress mentioned in said order*
procecd to frame a constitution and civil govern-
ment for'the State of Alabama, and provided for the
publication of the constitution, and did further en&efe
tho following ordinance:
Be it ordained by the people of the State of Alabama
incotive)itioiKi seml>lcd, Thatthecoustitution adopted
by this convention be submitted for ratification to
the voters of this State registered and qualified as
provided by tho acts of Congress known as the '* re-
construction laws." beginning on Tuesday, tho 4th
day of February, 1868. Tho vote on said constitution
shall be/'for the constitution" and "against the
constitution." The said electionshall bo held at the
places and under the regulations to bo prescribed by-
the ci mmandmg general ot this military district, and,
the returns made to him as directed by law.
II. And whereas the acts ol Congress provide that
an election for ratification of said constitution shall
be conducted by tho ollioers or persons appointed, or
to be appointed, by the commanding general, and at
the dato to bo fixed by said convention:
It is ordered that an election be held in the State
of Alabama, couimcueing on Tuesday, tho 4th day of.
February, 180$. and continuing two days, at which
tho registered voters of this State may vote for or
against the constitution submitted to them by the
foregoing ordinanco of the convention.
III. It shall be tho duty of boards of registration
in Alabama, in aocordanco with said acts, commenc-
ing fourteen days prior to tho election herein ordered,
and giving roasonablo public noticc of tho time and
place thereof, to roviso lor a period of live days tho
registration lists, and upon being satisfied that, any
person not entitled thereto has been registered to
strike the name of such person lrom tho lists, and
such person shall not boallowed tovole. The boards
oi registration shall also during the same period add
to such registry tho names ol all persons who at that
time possess tho qualiiioations required by said acts
wln  havo not been ahcady legistcred.
IV. Tho said election shall bo held in each county
under the superintendence of the boards of registra-
tion, as provided by law, and polls will be opened,
after duo and sufficient notice, at as many points in
each county as in tho opinion ot tho said boards may
be required for tho convenience of voters.
V. Any registered voter of the State who may have
removed lrom the county in which ho was registered
shall be permitted to voto in tho county to which he
has removed upon making affidavit before a mem-
bur of the board of registration, or a judge of elec-
tion, that ho was registered, naming tho county in
which ho was so registered, and that ho has not voted
at this election. Blanks for such affidavits will bo
supplied by tho boardsof registration, and the natno
of tho voter making oath must bo indoised on his
ballot, and all such affidavits forwarded with the
returns of tho election.
In consequence of the storm which raged
throughout the State the time was extended
for two days more, so as to give the people a
full opportunity to vote, and when that was
not enough I hold in my hand the order of
General Hayden extending it still another day
in order to give them a still more ample oppor-
tunity, thus making five days in all. The time
was twice extended, and at this election there
were twice as many voting places as there were
at the election at which the convention was
chosen. The result is known. What, then,
happened ? The men who were candidates for
ollice and were defeated by reason of the defeat
of the constitution raised a hue and cry against
General Hayden, the commander of the mili-
tary district, and denounced him in unmeasured
terms. The moment charges were made against
him General Hayden sat down and put eighteen
interrogatories in writing to all his registrars
and all the officers of the election, true and
faithful answers to which would develop every-
thing and show if there hud been^ any fraud,
and yet within a week after he issued that
order and circulated those interrogatories, for
fear that the answers would come in, he was
himself superseded and turned out of office,
because the answers that he would receive
from the registrars themselves would contra-
dict and falsify the very affidavits which have
now been trumped up. Ilere are tho ques-
tions ; and it will be seen that, they are as pre*
ciso and searching as they could well have been
made:
Headquarters Sub-Distkict op Alabama,,
montgotfnry, Alabama, February 10,1808.
Chairman Jioctrd of Ilegialrars, liatehett county;
Sir : You will assemble tho board of registrars for
