2850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
has resorted to a military simile, I will sup-
pose that upon the field there happened to
be brigades and divisions, and a brigade is
extended into a division. Now, would it follow
from that that it would be unlawful to permit
the brigadier general who had before com-
manded the brigade to continue to command
it after it had been extended into a division?
And because he commanded the division would
he cease to be a brigadier general? You might
just as well claim that every colonel in the
Army, when he succeeded to the command of
a brigade by the enlargement of his command,
ceased any longer to hold the commission of
colonel.
Mr. BLAINE. I wish the gentleman would
take the exact illustration I used. I said that
Paymaster General Brice 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As the gentleman
has referred to military practice 
The CHAIRMAN. To which gentleman
does the gentleman from Ohio yield?
Mr. SCHBNCK. Well, I think I will not
yield to either gentleman just now. Now,
what are the difficulties here? What are the
bugbears that terrify gentlemen who seem to
fear that something will be done by which
everything will be unsettled, by which the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue will be left at
the mercy of the President, and be suspended
from his office as soon as Congress adjourns,
as the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine]
apprehends, and there will be mischief gen-
erally to pay in consequence of his subordin-
ates being appointed by some one not now
holding that office ?
Sir, I say, in the first place, this is all aside
from the question. The question is whether
we shall concentrate power in one head for
the purpose of having some assurance of
responsibility. What is the power of the Presi-
dent now? As soon as we adjourn what can
or may he do? Under the pretext that the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue either has
committed some crime or misdemeanor in
office, or is incompetent to discharge the duties
of his office, he may suspend him from office.
The gentleman from Maine says that in the
case of assessors and collectors, when they
are suspended from office, the deputy assessors
or deputy collectors will take their places.
But how is it with the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue? When he is suspended from
office, no one being provided by law to take
his place, it will be in the power of the Pres-
ident to select some one to perform his duties
ad interim, until the matter can be laid before
the Senate at the next session. What does
the gentleman gain in that regard? Nothing
whatever. The President can interfere with
the Commissioner just as well, if he is the
head of a department, as he can if he be not
the head of a department, but only the head
of a bureau in the Treasury Department, no
more and no less.
Mr. BLAINE. It is proposed to give the
Commissioner extraordinary powers.
Mr. SCHBNCK. And if extraordinary pow-
ers are given him, the gentleman is afraid
that somebody will be substituted in his place
to exercise those powers. Well, sir, I say that
somebody may be substituted for him as the
law is now, if the President chooses to affirm
that he is a proper subject for suspension from
office.
Mr. BLAINE. I admit that.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then, what becomes of
all the gentleman's argument?
Mr. BLAINE. Just this, if the gentleman
will allow me 
Mr. SCHENCK. I admit that the Presi-
dent, if he pleases to regard the head of this
bureau, or this department, as the case may
be, as having committed a crime or misde-
meanor in office, or as being incompetent, can
suspend him from office under the tennre-of-
office law. And I do not know that the Presi-
dent would run much risk in doing such a thing,
considering the kind of constitutional law by
which we are to be governed hereafter, accord-
ing to the Senate. But so far as that is con-
cerned it is the same thing under the present
law as it will be under the law which we pro-
pose. Therefore, regard this matter as you
will, in all its aspects and in all its lights, there
is nothing in it except an attempt to do what,
as we think, differing from these gentlemen,
we can constitutionally do, to concentrate the
responsibility of this office in one head by
making that head the head of a department.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Chairman, I want to
answer my friend from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] on
one point. The gentleman says that the Presi-
dent has now the same power to suspend the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue as he will
have after this bill shall have passed. I grant
that; I consider his power plenary under the
law in any event. But the difference is that if
he suspends him from office to-day and puts
another man in his place, the man he puts there
will not have the absolute appointment of all
the revenue officers of the United States.
Now, it is proposed in advance to give the 
Commissioner absolute power over all the offi-
cers of the revenue department. Then if the
President suspends him and puts one of his
tools in his place, we will be entirely at his
mercy. It is possible I may be unduly influ-
enced in this matter. But take my own State
for instance; every revenue officer in that
State, with possibly a single exception—and I
do not know that I should make even that
exception—all of them are the fast political
friends of the party to which I belong ; and I
know just as well as I know the future about
anything that if this bill is passed those gen-
tlemen will be made to walk out mighty quick,
and others that we do not want there will walk
in mighty quick.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. And how
as to our State?
Mr. BLAINE. You do not benefit your
State by this. You want to get us down with-
out being able to get up yourselves.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. But wecan
get up.
Mr. BLAINE. You suppose the President
will put down Mr. Rolling's friends, but will
not put down Mr. Rollins himself. Sir, if I
have studied the President's character to any
purpose for the past few years, I have learned
that he is mighty shrewd in the matter of
appointments. For one I do not want to be
held responsible for putting any sueh power in
the President's hands. I know that in my own
State I should be laughed at if I should go
for it.
Mr. POLAND. As I understand it, this
bill proposes to accomplish two things. It is
desired that all these revenue officers, assessors,
collectors, &c., shall be under the entire and
absolute control of the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue ; that he shall have the solepower
of appointment and removal; or, to use the
language of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, that all power shall be
concentrated in one head.
Now, I agree entirely that the reasons which
have been given for this are very cogent, per-
haps are sufficient. I think I myself should
acknowledge that they were sufficient for the
purpose, for the reason that has been urged,
that all these officers should be under the con-
trol of one head, and not have the responsi-
bility divided among so many.
But it seems to me that another object,
another purpose, which is apparent from the
face of this bill, is that Mr. Rollins, the pres-
ent Commissioner of Internal Revenue, shall
be retained as that head.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I think it is perfectly
impossible in law that we shall accomplish
those two things. The old maxim, "You can-
not keep yonr cake and eat it too," applies to
this project of .accomplishing these things at
the same time and in the same bill.
In order to give the Commissioner the con-
trol they say he ought to have over subordin-
ate officers, it is necessary he should be made
the head of the department, because we have
no constitutional power to invest him with the
power over these subordinates, except by-mak-
ing him a head of the department. Therefore,
this bill attempts to create a department of
internal revenue. That is clearly within our
power.
Mr. MAYNARD. Suppose we enact this
bill, I ask the gentleman from Vermont whether,
in his judgment, we have it in our power to say
J;hat the present incumbents shall be retained
m office until their successors shall be appointed
-and confirmed ?
Mr. POLAND. I will endeavor to answer
the question of the gentleman from Tennessee.
We have the power to create this department.
This bill undertakes to say that we shall cre-
ate it and indicates the man who shall be at
the head of it. While it is clear that Con-
gress has power to crcate a new department,
in my judgment it is beyond our constitutional
power to say that we shall create a new and
separate department and that Mr. E. A. Rol-
lins shall be at the head of it. Why ? Because
the Constitution vests that power in the Presi-
dent. 114 has the power of appointment.
Now,^vhat is attempted here? We attempt
to sajHsi effect that we create this department,
and Mr. Rollins, who holds the office of Com-
misioner of Internal Revenue, shall be at the
head of it. In my judgment we might, with
the same legal propriety, say in so many words
in that section of the bill, that we create the
department of internal revenue and indicate
that E. A. Rollins shall be at the head of that
department.
Now, it has been undertaken to allege it is
but the devolution of new duties upon an
existing officer. In my judgment that is not so.
What is the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue now? He is a mere subordinate of the
Treasury Department.
Mr. MULLINS. The law declares that the
sheriff shall execute writs, and that the coroner
shall do other duties. Now, cannot the law
transfer the duties from one to the other, or
put them both upon one individual ? I ask
the gentleman for an answer to that question.
Mr. POLAND. There is no sort of diffi-
culty about that, because the Constitution says
nothing about coroners or sheriffs. They are
mere creatures of the Legislature. Of course
the Legislature can abolish either of them,
or devolve the duties of both upon one
individual, or abolish both of them, or devolve
the duties upon some other officer. Not
so with the head of a Department. A De-
partment is a branch of the Government
recognized by the Constitution, and when we
create a new and separate department it is
entirely a different office, different in its nature
from that of a mere subordinate in the Treas-
ury Department. When we undertake to say
we will create a separate office and call it by
the name of some subordinate place, it is a
mere pretext to get around the appointing
power and to fill the place with our own man.
Although I should be as glad as the chairman
of the committee to accomplish what is desired
to be accomplished by this bill, it seems to me
that it is beyond our power.
I give notice that when in order I shall move
the following amendment:
Strike out all after the word "that" in thin! line
to the word "is" in fourth line, and insert the word
" there,"
Strike out the word "the" in the seventh line, and
insert "a;" and insert after words " per annum' m
the ninth line, " to bo appointed by the President by
and "with the advice and consent of the Senate."
So it will read:
That there is hereby established and constituted
a department of the Government, to be designated
and known as the department * f internal revenue,
the head and chief officer of which department shall
be a Commissioner of Internal Revenue, whose salary
snail be $6,000 per annum, to be appointed by and
with the adyieoand consent of the Senate; and "when-
ever the oftiee of Commissioner of Internal Revenue
shall become vacant by death, resignation, or other-
wise, the President shall nominate, and by and with
the advice and consent of theSenateappoint, a suit-
able person to till said office.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. What is
the pending amendn>enfc?
