442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
thing else was the cause of our present diffi-
culties. If we pass this measure now the
subject is within the power of Congress. It
is with you to renew this authority at any time
when you think the interests of the country
require it. We merely propose a suspension
of the law, and this much at least, in my judg-
ment, will be approved by the soundest and
best business men of the country. I am sure
this is the sentiment of those who surround
me in my business pursuits and of the people
of the State which I have the honor in part to
represent here.
There is one other point on this subject of
contraction that I desire to allude to. The
Congress of the United States in April, 1867,
if I remember aright, in view of the early
maturing of the compound-interest notes,
authorized the issue of $50,000,000 of three
per cent, certificates to take the place of these
notes. I think the error which the Secretary
of the Treasury committed was that he did not
exchange the entire amount authorized for the
compound-interest notes as they matured. I
think that was a grave error, for it would have
relieved the severity of the contraction which
took place in these three months to which I
have alluded, and would have saved d vast
amount of distress and anxiety.
One more suggestion, sir, and I shall not
weary the Senate longer; and this is in reply
to my friend from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,]
who made an inquiry in regard to the com-
pound-interest notes which are yet to be pro-
vided for. Even if this bill be passed, con-
traction must be continued unless you make
some further provision for the remaining out-
standing compound-interest notes. Of these
there were outstanding on the 1st of January,
1808, $46,224,780, all of which the Senate will
beariri mind mature by the 10th of October
ensuing. In addition to this there are $9,9-52,810
of these notes which have matured, and which
will doubtless be presented for payment prior
to October 16, unless some provision is made
by which they may be exchanged for the three
per cent, certificates. This makes $56,197,590
to provide for in the coming nine months to
retire the compound-interest notes, or, in other
wowis, a further reduction of $56,197,590 of
the currency is to lake place.
But, as I remarked to the Senator from Ver-
mont, desiring to be entirely fair on this sub-
ject, I admit that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has still left in his hands $26,735,000 of
the three-per cents which were specially author-
ized to be issued to take up the compound-
interest notes; and it is but fair to suppose
that the Secretary will use these in the pay-
ment of compounds as far as they will go.
This will, however, still leave the sum of
$29,462,590 to be redeemed in the coming nine
months, making an average of contraction, do
what you will, even after the repeal of this
law, unless you provide for a further issue of
certificates, of $3,273,621 per month. There-
fore, with a community already depressed, in
my judgment, by a too severe reduction of the
currency, do what you will, pass this bill or
not, you must continue to cohtract at the rate
of $3,000,000 per month by the retirement of
these compound-interest notes. For myself,
sir, I hope that Congress will, in addition to
the passage of this bill, authorize a further issue
of the three per cents sufficient to take up the
remaining compound-interest notes. I believe
it would be wise policy to do so.
Now, Mr. President, before I sit down I
desire to say that in all that I have said I intend
no reflection on the distinguished Secretary
of the Treasury. I do not believe the Secre-
tary of the Treasury has contracted of plain
legal tenders faster than the $4,000,000 per
month authorized by law. I bare a very high
opinion both of the honesty and the ability of
the Secretary. But I would not give the power
which Congress has given to him to any man
that lives—the power to contract the currency
at his option at the rate of $50,000,000 per
annum ; and he has had twice or thrice that
power from the incidental powers given to hin 
by other laws. I would not trust this power in
the hands of any living man.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will allow
me 
Mr. CATTELL. I shall be through in a
moment, and the Senator can then have the
floor.
Mr. CONKLING. I only wanted a word
of information; but I will not interrupt the
Senator if he does not desire it.
Mr. CATTELL. I will give any informa-
tion I can; but as I have not practiced at the
bar as long as the gentleman I am not so able
to sustain interruptions.
Mr. President, if the policy of the contrac-
tion of the currency is to be continued, if it
were in my power I would have Congress dis-
tinctly state what should positively be done,
that the people might be advised in advance
of the fact and-govern themselves accord-
ingly. I would not put the power in the hands
of any living mortal to do it or not to do it as he
pleased, and leave the business people of the
country in suspense in regard to the matter.
They have a right to know what you propose
in regard to the currency in order that they
may shape their business accordingly. And
the object, Mr. President, attained by the
passage of this bill is simply this: that the
Congress of the United States advertises to
the people of the country that it does not pro-
pose to continue contraction and taxation and
make them the upper and the nether millstones
between which the industrial interests of the
country are to be ground to powder; and I
sincerely hope you will give the people of the
country this much of assurance.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President 
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will yield
to me a moment now I should like to make one
remark.
Mr. CATTELL. The gentleman can have
all the rest of the afternoon.
Mr. CAMERON. *1 thought I was entitled
to the floor, but I give way.
Mr. CONKLING. I sought from the Sen-
ator from New Jersey a matter of plain inform-
ation, and I beg to assure him that I had not
the slightest desire to interrupt him unpleas-
antly, and I would not have made the sugges-
tion at all if I supposed he had the slightest
objection to my doing it. .
I have heard it asserted here time after time
that the law as it stands gives to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury a discretion about con-
tracting the currency—a power which the Sen-
ator from New Jersey says he would not com-
mit to any man who lives. And the Senator
from Ohio said that one of the recommenda-
tions of this bill was that it took away that dis-
cretionary power and asserted the right and duty
of Congress to fix the amount of the currency.
Now, I should be glad to hear—and nobody can
tell me better than the Senator from New Jer-
sey—how, by any process of legislation, Con-
gress can assert more distinctly, more exactly
than it has done, its power and its intention to
regulate the volume of currency. I want to
know how, unless we are to say that when on a
certain day the currency in its volume reaches
a certain amount it shall never rise above or
fall below that, we can adopt legislation more
specific and more entirely destitute of discre-
tion vested in the financial officer of the Gov-
ernment than that legislation which we have
adopted. If we say that he shall neverdecrease
the currency more than a certain amount by a
certain day, we do leave a considerable discre-
tion with him, because he may decrease it sud-
denly just before that day comes, or suddenly
long before it comes. But when we say that in
no one period of continuing time, which period
is as short as a month, shall he diminish the
currency more than a certain limited amount,
I ask whether we do not say that which, as well
as anything that can be presented, does take
from him the discretion and does continue in
Congress the power and the assertion of the
power to fix the volume of the currency of the
country.
I do not see that under the existing law the
Secretary of the Treasury has any power what-
ever on this subject except a purely ministerial
power, if I may so say. Hp cannot expand
as it stands. He cannot, at his discretion or
upon hisjudgment, decrease at all, except within
each limited period of a month, the limited
amount fixed by Congress; so that every man
who can read, write, and cipher, may set down
and see beforehand (unless he assumes that
the Secretary is going to disregard the law)
just exactly what the volume of currency will
be on any future day, assuming that he does
everything which he lias the power to do.
I should be glad to know what the Senator
from New Jersey means by imputing to all of
! us who voted for the act of April, I860, as it
' stands—and for one I had a good deal to do
with it beyond voting for it—the commission
of such an act as that of vesting the Secretary
of the Treasury with the enormous power which
he talks about. And then lie speaks as if there
were some way to reduce the currency by legis-
lation and yet confer a less discretion than
that which is given by the existing law. I beg
to be enlightened; but I affirm that I know
of no way, that I have never heard in either
House aiway suggested of accomplishing this
purpose more divested of discretion in the offi-
} cer who is to do it than the very way we have
[ adopted.
! Mr. CATTELL. I reply to the Senator from
New York first, that I have no fault whatever
to find with the adoption of the law with which
he informs the Senate that he had a good deal
to do himself. I commended that law and said
I had no doubt that when the currency was so
redundant as to reach $720,000,000 authority
might be given even to the Secretary of the
Treasury to do as he pleased with $4,000,000 a
month, to contract it or not contract it as he
might deem best; but that when the currency
had come down to $577,000,000, having been
reduced $140,000,000, I did not then choose
to give that much power—a power which the
gentleman says constitutes an exception. It is
the power to do what? To suspend from con-
tracting for one month or two months or three
months or four months, which makes a differ-
ence in four months of $16,000,000 to the
currency.
Mr. CONKLING. May I now, without
annoying the gentleman, interrupt him to show
him the point of my question again ? I ask
him now whether he is not discussing the
question of policy, whether in truth this ought
to be done at all, and whether the reasons
which he assigns justify in any respect the
allegation which he makes that we have chosen
to confer elsewhere some vague discretion about
this matter rather than adopt some fixed method
of policy?
Mr. CATTELL. I reply to the Senator that
in the first place my voting for this bill declares
as a question of policy that I do not think the
thing ought to be done at all. And in the next
place I say if it were to be done we should fix
it definitely in the future.
Mr. CONKLING. How?
Mr. CATTELL. By saying that the con-
traction should be $4,000,000 a month, not
that any individual should contract, if he chose,
$4,000,000. That is the difference between
the gentleman and myself. I would state defi-
nitely if I determined on that contraction that
it should be done. I am sure that is under-
stood.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I understand, if I
may, that the Senator thinks that it would be
better to make it obligatory upon the Secre-
tary not only to contract, if in his judgment
the exigencies of the country rendered it safe
to do so, but, hit or miss, to contract whether
or no $4,000,000 a month ; to have a cast-
iron rule that no matter what at the moment
may be the exigency, no matter whether the
necessity of using money to bring forward
crops or for any other purpose may make it
exceedingly desirable that during that partic-
ular month there should be no contraction,
nevertheless, blow high or low, he must con-
tract, and contract that precise amount. If
