3874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
Mr. BUCKALEW. I now make a formal
motion to amend the bill by striking out the
twelfth article, the one referring to military
commissions.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
:i third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
john potts.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
take up the bill reported by the Committee on
Claims for the relief of John Potts.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 595) for the relief of John Potts was read
the second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It provides for the pay-
ment of $3,500 to John Potts, chief clerk of
the Department of War, for services as dis-
bursing clerk from 1861 to July 1, 1808, and
declares that it shall be lawful hereafter to pay
the disbursing clerk of the Department of War
the sum of §200 yearly in addition to his sal-
ary, whether sueh officer shall have been ap-
pointed from the clerks of class four or from
a higher grade, any existing law to the con-
trary notwithstanding.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is a
written report; but I can state the ease more
briefly, I think, than it is stated in the report.
Mr. Potts has performed the duties not only
of chief clerk but of disbursing clerk of the
War Department ever since 1S61, and has dis-
bursed very large and extraordinary sums for
that Department, amounting in all to some-
thing like nine million dollars. The labor has
been very gevere, and it has been performed
with great faithfulness and accuracy; and yet,
because he was chief clerk, he could draw no
pay for it. The law existing on this subject
confines the appointment of disbursing clerks
to clerks of the fourth class who receive a sal-
ary of $1,800 per annum. I suppose that Mr.
Potts has really saved the Government the
expense of an extra clerk. The claim is rec-
ommended by the various Secretaries of War.
When General Cameron was Secretary he sent
a communication to the other House asking
that the law be changed so that payment might
be made, and Secretary Stanton has also asked
that the claim be paid.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to ask the
Senator what the compensation of this chief
° Mr.'MORRILL, of Vermont. I-Iis salary is
$2,000 as chief clerk. This bill allows a com-
pensation of $500 a year as disbursing clerk
up to the present time and hereafter of $200.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
utah district courts.
Mr. COLE. T move to take up Senate bill
No. 576, which was reported a day or two ago
from the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 576) relating to the district courts of Utah
Territory was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It provides that the Governor of
Utah Territory, shall assign the district judges
of that Territory to their respective districts,
and appoint the time and place of holding court
in each of the districts.
The Committee on the Judiciary proposed to
amend the bill by adding, ''not exceeding two
terms in each district in any one year."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amind-
cd, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
fort gratiot reservation.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up House
bill No. 550, providing for the sale of a portion
of the Fort Gratiot reservation in Michigan.
It is a local bill that has passed the House of
Representatives.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (Ii.
£. No. 550) providing for the sale of a portion
of the Port Gratiot military reservation in
St. Clair county, in the State of Michigan,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary of War is to be authorized to
sell, at such times as he may deem most advan-
tageous to the interest of the Government, and
in sueh manner as hereinafter provided, all
that portion of the military reservation known
as Port Gratiot, in St. Clair county, in the
State of Michigan, which lies south of a line
running due west from the south end of the
Grand Trunk railroad wharf, on the St. Clair
river, until it intersects the road known as the
Lexington road and all that portion which lies
west of the Lexington road. All that portion
of these lands which lies east of a line running
due south from the point of intersection with
the Lexington road is to be divided into blocks
and lots of convenient size for building pur-
poses, with public streets conforming as near
as may be, without detriment to the interests
of the Government or the State, to the public
streets of the city of Port Huron, adjoining
such ground, and sold by lots at public auction,
at the city of Port Huron, to the highest bidder,
public notice of such sale having first been
given for thirty days by advertisement in all the
papers published in the eity of Port Huron, and
in at least two papers published in the city of
Detroit, Michigan. A plat of this division,
made in accordance with the laws of the State
of Michigan, is to be filed with the register of
deeds of the county of St. Clair. The re-
maining portion of the military reservation,
for the sale of which provision is made, is to
be sold at public auction at the city of Port
Huron, after due notice, at such times and in
such parcels as may be deemed most advanta-
geous to the interest of the Government, by
the Secretary of War. The proceeds arising
from the sale are to be paid into the Treasury
of the United States in the same manner as
the proceeds from the sale of other public
lands.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
o. n. cutler.
Mr. HOWE. I move to take up Senate
bill No 591.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 591) for the relief of O. N. Cutler was
read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
appropriate to O. N. Cutler the sum of
$50,000, in full compensation for two hundred
and sixty-eight bales of cotton seized by order
of General Ulysses S. Grant, at Lake Provi-
dence, Louisiana, the property of Cutler, and
used for military purposes in equipping the
steamer Tigress, for running the blockade of
the Mississippi river, at Vieksburg, in the
month of April, 1863, and destroyed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That bill appropriates
$50,000, and I think it needs some considera-
tion. I examined the report this morning,
and I was not quite satisfied that a bill of that
description ought to pass at all. It simply
amounts to paying for property that was taken
in the southern States for the necessities of
the war. The question is presented to us in
this bill whether or not we will adopt the pol-
icy of paying'in the southern States for prop-
erty that was taken for the purpose of prose-
cuting the war.
Mr. HOWE. I did not suppose there would
be any objection to the bill; there was none
in committee ; but the Senate is very thin, and
I do not want it considered now if there is any
objection to it. I move to postpone the bill
■until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
public lands in utaii.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 move to take up for
consideration House bill No. 202.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 202) to create the office of surveyor
general in the Territory of Utah, and estab-
lish a land office in said Territory, and extend
the homestead and preemption laws over the
same, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. , . ,
The first section proposes to authorize the
President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, to appoint a surveyor general
for the Territory of Utah, whose annual salary
shall be $3,000, and whose power, authority,
and duties shall be the same as those provided
by law for the surveyor general of Oregon.
He shall have proper allowances for clerk hire,
office rent, and fuel, not exceeding what is
now allowed by law to the surveyor general of
Oregon.
The second section provides that the public
land within the Territory of Utah, to which
the Indian title is or shall be extinguished,
shall constitute a new land district, to be called
the Utah district; and the President is to ap-
point, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, a register and receiver of public
money for that district, who shall be required
to reside at the places at which said offices
shall be located, and shall have the same pow-
ers, perform the same duties, and be entitled
to the same compensation as are or may be
prescribed by law in relation to land offices of
the United States in other Territories.
By the third section the Secretary of tho
Interior is hereby authorized to locate the
offices of surveyor general and register aid
receiver of public moneys at some suitable
place or places in the Territory.
The fourth section extends the preemption
and homestead and other laws applicable to the
disposal of the public lands over the district.
The Committee on Public Lands proposed to
amend the bill in section two by striking out
the word "land," in line one, and inserting
"lands of the United States," and by striking
out in lines two and three the words "to
which the Indian title is or shall be extin-
guished so as to make the section read:
That the public lands of the United States within
said 'territory of Utah still constitute a new land
district, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four,
line two, to strike out the word "homestead,"
and after "laws," in the same line, to insert
the words "of the United States;" so as to
make the section read :
Sue. 4. And be it farther enacted. That the pre-
emption, homestead, and other laws of the United
States applicable to the disposal of the public lands
are hereby extended over said district.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
electoral votes of late rebel states.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now I ask that the
business regularly before the Senate may be
proceeded with.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution (S. R. No. 139) excluding from the
Electoral College votes of States lately in
rebellion which shall not have been reorganized
is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Wholfc
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The question being put, there was one vote
in the affirmative.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I believe the question
pending is on the amendment of the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Conklixc,] who is
absent this evening. It is not possible, there-
fore, to have an explanation from him of his
particular proposition in contrast with th<>
original measure and the amendment offered by
theSenatorfromMissouri, [Mr. Drake ;] but as
I desire to say a few words generally upon the
subject involved in the measure, 1 suppose I
had best seize the present occasion, as we are
approaching the end of the session, and I am
very anxious to do no single act which shall
delay the arrival of that much wished for day.
