1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
443
p<
T
that is what Senators mean who talk about
oar having vested the Secretary with a discre-
tion—if they mean that we have invested him I
with a discretion not to do injuriously what he
does in contracting, then I see what they mean,
and I understand the allegation to be that we
have invested him with an improper discre-
tion, not to refrain from contracting, but a
discretion improper, inasmuch as it enabled .
him to contract. That part of the discretion,
I say, is inseparable from the nature of the
case.
Mr. CATTELL. I think not; but I am
desirous that I shall not be misunderstood on ,
this question. I say first, that in the present
condition of the finances I would not contract.
I show that by voting for this bill for the sus-
pension of the power. I say further, that after
the currency is reduced to its present point,
if I proposed to contract, if I believed, as
many of the gentlemen who surround me do,
that the only road to resumption is that of
constant, inexorable contraction, I would state
it fairly and provide explictly that $6,000,000 "
should be reduced each month, so that we
should have at the end of the year $50,000,000
less than we had at the beginning, and that the
people might so understand; but I do, not pro-
pose to give the power to the Secretary of the
"reasury to exercise a discretion upon that
point and leave the people unadvised as re-
gards it. I hope the Senator from New York
understands what I mean.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President 
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will give way for the purpose of hav-
ing a motion made to go into executive session
I will make that motion. We want to have a
report made on important business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better
finish this bill.
Mr. CAMERON. I think I may as well
give way, because I had to give way a while
ago, and we have had a most interesting dis-
cussion between the Senator from New York
and the Senator from New Jersey, which has
knocked all that I intended to say out of my
head. [Laughter.] So I think I had better
give way.
Mr. WILSON. I move, then, that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust we may dispose
of this bill. I ask for a division on that mo-
tion. We may just as well dispose of this
matter to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts moves that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken resulted
—yeas 23, nays 21; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Conkling, Conness, Cor-
bett, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Fessenden, Fowler,
Frelinghuysen, Marian, Howard, Howe, Morgan,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Patter-
son of New Hampshire, Ramsey, Stewart, Sumner,
Trumbull, and Wilson—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard. Bnckalew, Cat-
tell, Cole, Doolittle, Grimes, Henderson, Johnson,
Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Ross,
Sherman. Sprague, Thayer, Tipton, Van Winkle,
Wade. Willey. and Williams—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Chandler, Cragin, Davis,
Dixon, Guthrie, Hendricks, Morton, Saulsbury, and
Y ates—9.
adjournment to monday.
Mr. CAMERON. Before the doors are
closed I desire to move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. SHERMAN. We are now in executive
session, I suppose, but I have no objection to
taking the sense of the Senate on the motion.
I think we had better meet to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes 20, noes 17.
The doors were then closed; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate agreed to the motion
that when it adjourns to-day the adjournment
be to Monday next.
Several Senators. Why?
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that motion will be
agreed to, and that we shall meet to-morrow. i
There is business of importance which requires
attention.
Mr. BUCIvALEW. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator whether he means to indulge us with
the privilege of reading his report before we
are called upon to vote on it. I certainly
have never read it and do not know anything
about it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN and others. It
has been in the newspapers.
Mr. BUCKALEW. It has been sent to the
printers and I suppose we shall get it by Mon-
day morning.
Mr. CONNESS. I think it is pretty well j
understood that the summing up which is made
in these reports is for matter of record merely
and as a vindication of the views of the gen-
tlemen who make them. I doubt very much j
whether anything they contain will change one
single vote, and I believe that the earlier the
matter is settled the better for all parties and
for the country.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair I
would remind the Seuator that the Senate is
in open session and that the matter to which
he is referring can hardly be alluded to with
propriety in open session. ,
tSir. CONNESS. I had forgotten that. I
beg pardon. I hope, then, the question will j
be taken.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to reconsider, made by
the Senator from Iowa. ;
The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty- ;
eight, noes not counted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now recurs on the motion that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it be to meet on Monday
next.
The motion was not agreed to.
house bill referred.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 140) to pro-
vide for a commission to examine and report
on meters for distilled spirits was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of the
United States recommending an appropriation
to pay to the Government of Spain the value 1
of the Spanish steamer Nuestra Senora de la 1
Regli, seized in the harbor of Port Royal,
South Carolina, in December, 1861,, and ad-
judged afterward by the district court for the
southern district of New York not to have been
properly captured, but which had been turned
over by the Navy Department at an appraised
valuation of $28,000.
The message was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, and ordered to be
printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid
before the Senate a communication from the
Congressional Printer transmitting the fifteenth
annual report of the condition of the public
printing.
On motion of Mr. CRAGIN, the Senate
adjourned.
'' •
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 10, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
philadelphia midnight mail.
Mr. O'NEILL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be directed
to communicate to this House what reasons, if any,
existed for the discontinuance of the transmission of
the midnight mail from the city of New York to the
city of Philadelphia, whereby correspondence with
the latter city from New York and localities east and
north of said city is delayed many hours, and whether
in view of the absolute necessity of frequent mail
service between commercial cities the transmission
of the said mail cannot be again ordered so as imme-
diately to prevent further inconvenience to business
and other interests.
session for debate.
■ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I deSire
to submit a proposition to the House. The
business of yesterday comes up this morning
and after that the morning hour, so gentlemen
who wish to speak in the Committee of the
Whole cannot be heard. I therefore move
that by unauimous consent to-morrow's ses-
sion shall be set apart for debate alone.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
district public schools.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask
unanimous consent for leave to report fronl
the select Committee on Common Schools in
the District of Columbia a bill (H. R. No. 374)
to establish a system of schools for the District
of Columbia which shall serve as a model for
similar institutions throughout the Union.
There was no objection ; and the bill was
received, and read a first and second time.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
that it be made the special order for Tuesday
next.
The SPEAKER. That day is taken up by
a special order.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I will
say Wednesday next, then, after the morning
hour.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. KERR moved that the bill be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was made
a special order; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
united states soldiers in aliaska.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
It having been reported in the public journals that
great suffering from cold and hunger has happened
to our soldiers in Aliaska: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to send to the House copies of all dispatches and
reports upon that subject, and all orders or directions
given by or through the Department of War in eon-
sequence thereof.
Mr. HIGBY. I object.
Mr. PILE. I ask unanimous consent fo
introduce a bill.
Mr. SPALDING. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
on Monday next the States will be called for
bills for reference to the appropriate commit-
Mr. SPALDING. Then I insist on the reg-
ular order.
distillery meters.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 140) to provide for a commission
to examine and report on meters for distilled
spirits, reported yesterday from the Committee
of Ways and Means, upon which the previous
question has been seconded and the main
question ordered. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Schenck] is
entitled to the floor for one hour to close the
debate.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield twenty minutes of
my time to the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Pile.]
Mr. PILE. Mr. Speaker, when the hammer
fell yesterday evening I was submitting some
remarks in reply to the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Marshall] with reference to the accu-
sation that he made that the first year of the
administration of Mr. Lincoln cost the' coun-
try more than the whole of the administration
of Mr. Buchanan in consequence of fraud and
peculation. The only additional remark that
