1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1827
ileges. The inhabitant of Sicily could claim
protection from the extortions of Verres, and
Paul the Jew exemption from the scourge by
the assertion, "I am a Roman citizen." Even
the Emperor Napoleon, in his life of C®sar,
returns thanks that Gaul was conquered, as
the conquest laid the foundation of the civili-
zation of the country, by the laws and institu-
tions which were founded and established there.
The Greeks understood and appreciated the
true mode of dealing with domestic strife, which
sprang up from time to time among their inde-
pendent States. It is told that when the The-
bans had conquered the Lacedemonians they
proposed to erect a brazen monument in honor
of the victory. The Amphictyonic council or
Congress of Greece forbade it, saying, "Let
there be nothing done to perpetuate the fact
that there ever was strife between Greek and
Greek.'' This Christian Congress might learn
a lesson from, that heathen council.
Mr. Speaker, I have no party feeling in this
matter; but I regard this as the most import-
ant matter ever submitted to this or any other
Congress. On our decision of it, I believe, will
depend the future destiny of the country. Pass
this bill and it is alm&st conclusive to my mind
Hiat republican institutions are a failure. I see
that my time is out. I have in a hurried and
imperfect way presented as many of the facts
as I could crowd into a speech of an hour. I
know other gentlemen will use them more for-
cibly than I have been able to do.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ARNELL. I trust sincerely that this
bill will pass. An examination of precedents
in our history will confirm the fact that there is
nothing new or unwarranted in the proposition
to admit Alabama, whether she has or has not
ratified the constitution recently submitted to
her people. Let us run over some of the prece-
dents.
Vermont was the first new State admitted
after the adoption of the Federal Constitution.
The act was approved by Washington on the
18th February, 1791. Yet no constitution was
submitted to or required by Congress.
Kentucky was the next State admitted, June
1, 1792. Her constitution was not submitted
to Congress, though formed on the 19th April,
1792.
Tennessee, my own native State, the third
child of the Union, was the first to submit a
State constitution to Congress. It was framed
on the Oth February, 179G, and when pre-
sented was objected to as in conflict vvith that
of the United States; and the objection was
answered by the declaration, then and there
made and acquiesced in as authoritative, that
any provision violative of the Constitution of
the United States was a nullity.
Ohio was admitted by law declaring her "a
State in the Union," although the committee
to whom her constitution had been referred
had not yet reported and never did report.
Louisiana and Indiana were both irregular
in the formality of their admission.
Rhode Island had only the charter of Charles
II up to 1820, yet was a State in the Union.
These are facts connected with the admis-
sion of States in this Union that set completely
at rest the cry of irregularity.
I would admit Alabama because Alabama
desires admission. The proof of this may be
found in the fact that a majority of 84,010 reg-
istered votes were cast for convention in 1807,
more than ninety-four per cent, of her entire
vote. Weary of her long agony, anxious to
escape further suffering and depletion, and to
secure permanent law and peace, she expressed
herself thus emphatically. That election was
the unterrified voice of Alabama in favoi*^ of
reconstruction. Not less clear and positive,
and in the same direction, was her recent vote.
True, times had changed somewhat. The con-
spirator in the '' White House" had invited the
rebels to a new er.usade. He offered them im-
munity from their crimes and succcss for their
exertion. Yet, in the teeth of Andrew John-
son's opposition and the face of rebellion,
71,000 votes were polled in forty-four coun-
ties for the new constitution, and not a single
vote cast in opposition thereto.
In order to properly appreciate the lofty
heroism of the "friends of this Government"
in Alabama—most of them, indeed, wore black
faces, but the same faccs that led our starved
and wounded soldiers from rebel prisons to the
Union lines—I say, to understand the hero-
ism of the recent election on the part of the
Unionists of this State, it is necessary to gather
into our minds some of the circumstances that
surrounded them. The entire rebel popula-
tion was organized not to vote and to prevent
every one else from voting. They owned the
lauds and the huts upon which the colored
m#sn and their families lived, and to vote on
the part of a colored man was in fact to give
up both. Patrols were stationed at cross-roads
to prevent men from coming to the election;
and on the very evening bctore tne old reg-
isters were removed in many counties and new
ones'appointed hostile to reconstruction. The
sheriffs were rebels, and summoned as police-
men the most desperate characters within their
reach, rufifians armed to the teeth, and who
were ready at every hazard to prevent voting.
Rebel challengers stood around the polls to
delay and intimidate. Add to all this a piti-
less rain storm in the month of February such,
in volume, as for years had not visited that
gion. In Lowndes county, we are told, the icy
waters were flowing deep, yet scores of freed-
men plunged in and swam them to reach the
polls. One poor fellow was drowned in these
waters trying to swim across. And add to all
this the weary waiting for an opportunity to
vote, pinched, in many cases, by forty-eight
hours of hunger and no home to go to when
it was over, and you have in faint outline the
terrible facts of that terrible election. The
white Unionists fared but little better. Even
in Montgomery, under the very eye ot the mil-
itary authorities, loyal men were hooted at and
jeered and cursed at every street corner, and
befouled with every vile epithet calculated to
stir up violence and bloodshed, because they
had dared to vote. The leading rebel paper,
the Mail, published at the seat of government,
Montgomery, on the 11th ultimo, prints the fol-
lowing:
"Oar 'White' Black List—The Roll of Dishonor-
See who and what they are— Below wo givo the
names of the, renegade or brevet whites who voted
last week in this city for the bogus constitution
framed by carpet-bag adventurers and ignorant
negroes, and who, by their votes, have denounced
the white race, and proclaimed themselves in iavor
of negro supremacy and equality. It is a consola-
tion to know that the number is small. Let their
names be preserved and entered upon the roll ot
dishonor: , , ,
,4Gcorge Ely, carpet-bagger, and negro candidate
for judge ot probate, .
" W. T. Hatchett, chief of registration.
"J. W. Dimick, carpet-bagger and bureauite.
N. B. Cloud, negio candidate for superintendent
of education. ... , „
" W. B. Cloud, tho son of his father,' formerly a
confederate soldier, took the 'test-oath, and was
one of the election managers."
And so on through more than a column of
similar abuse.
Nowhere ever were exhibited higher heroism
and greater devotion to liberty than in this re-
cent struggle in Alabama for reconstruction
and loyal rule. If failure there has becn> it is
not to be laid at her door.
THE NEW CONSTITUTION.
This much-abused constitution is another
reason for her admission. It is said to be harsh
and vindictive. I read it otherwise. It invites
all men to political brotfierhood and equal
rights. It injures no man. Itpunishesno man.
Let us look at the article upon franchise. In
order that I may not misrepresent this article I
give it entire:
"3. It shall be the duty of the General Assembly
to provide, from time to time, tor the registration ot
all electors; but the iollowing classes ot persons shall
not bo permitted to reg.ster, vote, or hold o ne-M
"First. Those who, during the late rebellion, in-
flicted, or caused to be inilicted, any cruel or unusual
punishment upon any soldier, sailor, or marine, em-
p!oy6, or citizen of the (jnited States, or wno m any
other way violated the rules of civilized warlare.
44Second. Those who may be disqualified from hold-
ing office by the proposed amendment of the Consti-
tution of the United States, known as 4 article four-
teen,' and those who have been disqualified from re-
gistering to vote for delegates to the convention to
frame a constitution for tho Stateof Alabama under
the act of Congress to provide lor tho most efficient
government of the rebel States, passed by Congresg
March 2,1867, and the acts supplementary thereto^,
except such persons as aided in tho reconstruction
proposed by Congress and accept the political
equality of all men before the law: Provided, That
the General Assembly shall have power to remove
the disabilities incurred under this clause.
Third. Those who shall have been convicted of
treason, embezzlement of public funds, malfeasance
in oifice, crime punishable by law with imprisonment
in the penitentiary, or bribery.
Fourth, Those who are idiots or insane,
4. All persons, before registering, must take and
subscribe the following oath: 'f. • , do
solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will support and
maintain the Constitution and laws of the United
States and the constitution and laws of tho State of
Alabama; that I am not excluded from registering
by any ot the clauses in section three, article seven,
of tho constitution of the State of Alabama; that I
will never countenancoor aid in the secession of this
State from the United States; that I accept the civil
and political equality of all men; and agree not to
attempt to deprive any person or persons, on account
of lace, color, or previous condition, of any political
or civil right, privilege, or immunity enjoyed "by any
other class of men; and, furthermore, that I willnot
in any way injure, or countenance in others any
attempt to injure, any person or persons, on account
of past or present support of the Government of the
United States, the laws of the United States, or the
principle of political and civil equality of all men,
or for affiliation with any pohtioal party."
When these disqualifications are wrong hu-
manity will have greatly progressed or retro-
graded.
AFRICANIZING THE SOUTH.
It is said by the opponents of this bill and
of reconstruction that the great object in view
is to enthrone "negro domination" at tho
South. The President in his message to the
second session of this Congress, if 1 may be
allowed to allude to so disreputable a docu-
ment, says:
" Of all the dangers which our nation has yet en-
countered none are equal to those which must result
from the success of tho effort now making to African-
ize the half of our country."
A fitting declaration to a message that opened
with the announcement to the world from the
President of the United States that there was
"no Union."
"Candor compels mo to declare that at this time
there is no Union sis our fathers understood the term,
and as they meant it to bo understood by us."
This is worthy only of James Buchanan or
the assassin-successor of Abraham Lincoln.
No legitimate successor of "freedom's greatest
apostle" could have uttered such language.
If it be "negro domination" or "Africanizing
the South'' to enthrone human liberty so effect-
ually as to permit even the poor African, the
slave of centuries, to sit at its feet, may God
hasten such domination.
Not only does Alabama desire admission,
and heroically has struggled for reconstruc-
tion, but another reason for the passage of this
bill is
TIIE SOUTH MUST BE KECONSTKUCTED.
Three years of proclaimed peace have passed
over the country. This dead weight ought no
longer to encumber us. Statesmanship ought
to accomplish and can accomplish this last
marvel of free institutions. _ New and grand
developments, higher and better, await us.
Let us hurry to their consummation. Let re-
construction proceed.
"UNDER WHtCn KING?"
This is the question involved in the admis-
sion of Alabama. Who shall be allowed to
reconstruct Alabama—rebels or Union men?
the spirit of loyalty and human progress or
the demoniac spirit of slavery? Shall Ala-
bama. remain out of the Union till the dis>-
unionists prescribe the terms upon which she
shall enter? My constituents sent me here to
use no "bated breath" in behalf of loyal men
at the South: and, if it was necessary to set
new precedents in order to give loyal men con-
trol of the South, not to lose the golden op-
portunity to set them. These States are to be
brought back, but ought only to be brought
back Union end foremost.
