1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S2T
40th Cons....2d Sess.
Contested-Election Case—Mr. Morganj
Ho. of Kbps;
his acts will be binding, although, in pointof law and
of right, he was no such officer. And if the acts of a
person who proceeds by color of authority only will
be sustained, there is certainly much greater reason
tor sustaining the acts of a real officer, although the
mode ot tas action has been irregular."
And the Senate of Ohio, which was strongly
Republican, sustained the majority report in
favor of Golden, Democrat, against Grosvenor,
Republican, by a vote of twenty-three to eleven.
Now, Mr. Speaker, this case of Bloom town-
ship is much stronger than the case againstPike
township, even were the charge of desertion
made by contestant [Mr. Delano] against Mr.
Parrish true. A candidate acting as judge of
election would have an inducement to commit
ii-aud to sccure his own election; but in the
<,'use of a man who was a deserter, if not a
candidate, no such inducement exists.
This, sir, must be conclusive to every intel-
ligent mind as to Pike township, and if its vote
is now rejected the people—that great and
higher tribunal, to which this case will be
taken on appeal—will reverse this decision in
such tones of thunder as will be a warning in
t<he future for the House of Representatives
not to tamper with the dearest rights of free-
men.
Now, Mr. Speaker, Pike township out of
the question, allowing the contestant [Mr.
Delano] all that he claims, he is still beaten
by a majority of 59, withoutgoinginto the case
of the sitting member against him. But it is far
from conceded that the contestant has made
out his case in regard to the 26 alleged desert-
ers, exclusive of those charged to Pike town-
ship, all of whom were exempted by putting in
substitutes. On the contrary, sir, I here declare
and stand ready to prove that the contestant
[Mr. Delano] has not made out a case against
■thirty out of the 126 alleged deserters, and I chal-
lenge the committee, 1 challenge the^contest-
ant, to grant me the time necessary to take up
each case, that I may expose to this House and
to the world the character of this whole pro-
ceeding. I regret, sir, that my proposition is
siot accepted, and I am forced to expose the
pretended case of the contestant by citing a
few examples. It is claimed by the report
made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Scot'iELD] that William Murray, of Coshoc-
ton county, No. 3 6 on contestant's brief, is a
deserter, and his vote is taken from the vote
of the sitting member. Now, sir, I assert and
defy the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Soopiemjj or the contestant to show to this
House one single word of testimony tending
to show that William Murray is even charged
with desertion. The charge does not even
exist. In his brief, contestant cites pages 351,
361, and 385, part first, and there is no fur-
ther testimony as to William Murray. Pages
-351 and 365 show that William Murray is a
Democrat, and page that he voted; but
there is not a we±U, uot the shadow of a pre-
tense that he was ever charged with desertion.
Now, sic, let us take a few other cases, and
they will illustrate the character of the rotten
fabric upon whic-li contestant'S'C&SG rests, lake
the case of David Ford, No. 10 on contest-
ant's brief, charged in the report as a deserter,
-and his vote deducted from the sitting mem-
ber. Now, sir, I tarn to page 366, part sec-
ond, and there find the following certificate:
We, the sub&ciibcrs, composing the' board of
enrollment of the thirteenth district ot tile state ol
Ohio, provided foT in section eight, act of Congress
for cOTOlhnis -and calling out the national forces,
approved March 3,1863, hereby certify that David
Ford, of Franklin township, Coshocton county, btate
of Ohio, having given satisfactory evidence that he
is not preperly subject t©'do military duty as required
by said act and the act approved February 2*, 1804,
by reason of his having furnished &n _acceptable
rocruit is exempt from all •liability to military duty
for the term of the draft. ^ gIMMJ5TT>
Provost Marshal and I'resulent
of the Board of Enrollment.
Is\.\n II EY, Member of the Hoard of Enrollment*
' Jscwa^k Ohio, this 1st day of November, 1834.
But this is not all, sir. By reference to the
testimony of contestant pages 2oG, 251, and
253 of contestants own testimony, it will be
found that David Ford is not on the Provost
Marshal's list of alleged deserters. And yet, sir,
the contestant [Mr. Delano] and the majority
of the committee have the temerity to set down
David Ford as a deserter, and to deduct his vote
from the sitting member. 'The same precise
state of facts exist as to Josiah Pepper, No. 12,
page 5 of the contestants brief; and he, too, is
put down as a deserter, and his vote is deducted
from the sitting member. And so, Mr. Speaker,
I might go on case by case and show to the
satisfaction of every honest man that out of
the whole number of 137 alleged deserters,
the charge is not made out against thirty of the
whole number, and if it was sustained, which
cannot be, for the testimony does not exist,
there is not evidence that twenty of the entire
number voted for the sitting member. Mr.
Speaker, I will not occupy further time by
going into the case of the contestant, for I
have already shown that upon his own case he
has no right to a seat on this floor.
The official majority of the sitting member
(Morgan) was 271. From which deduct votes
due contestent: illegally rejected, 5 ; Linton
township, 43 ; Monroe township, 20 ; Minors,
3 ; non-residents, 32 ; alleged deserters, 30;
total, 133 ; still leaving Morgan's majority 138.
So that were everything granted to the con-
testant which can be done without rendering
this whole proceeding a shameless farce, the
sitting member still has a majority of 138,
without going into his case against the contest-
ant. Now, Mr. Speaker, you have gazed*upon
that picture, and I now wish you to look upon
this:
MORGAN VS. DELANO.
Uncontradicted testimony shows that there
were 120 names on the poll-book of Blue Rock
township in 1866 which were not on the poll-
book of 1865. That at the October election,
1865, in that township the aggregate vote for
Cox and Morgan, opposing candidates for Gov-
ernor, was 208 ; and while the sitting member
polled 10 more votes in 1866 than he had done
in 1865, the contestant [Mr. Delano] polled
206 votes, or within 2 votes of the aggregate
Democratic aud Republican vote of the pre-
vious year ; and all this in a county township.
Nor is this all. John M. Harlan, who voted
for Mr. Delano, testifies that there were 87
more votes polled in Blue Rock township in
1866 than in 1865, while the official vote of
1867 shows that the vote of Blue Rock was 37
less than in 18G6, while the vote of every other
township was greater than the vote of the pre-
vious year. And while Cox only beat Morgan
50 votes in that township in 1865, Delano beat
him 117 votes the next year, although the vote
of Morgan was 10 greater than in 1865. These
facts alone conclusively establish fraudulent
and corrupt voting for contestant.
But this is not all. Where did these fraud-
ulent voters come from ? The testimony of sev-
eral witnesses shows that they came from
West Virginia, Pennsylvania,_ New York, and
from various districts in Ohio. That in the
fall of 1865, a great oil excitement broke out,
and that "speculators" came and went "like
the crowd going up and down in the streets of
Zanesville." They did not even pretend that
they went to Blue Rock t<> make it their resi-
dence, and many of them avowed they only
remained to vote for Delano; and the wit-
nesses concur in saying '' that the oil men (as
those people were called) left immediately
after the election.'' Mr. Speaker, by the laws
of Ohio, it is made a felony, punishable by
imprisonment in the penitentiary from one to
five years for the judge of an election to refuse
to administer the required oath to a person
whose vole is challenged. And yet, sir, in
contempt of the law, and for the purpose of
fraud, the judges of that election refused to
administer the required oath to the non-resi-
dents who presented themselves to vote.
James White says (II. Mis. Doc. 38, part 2,
pp. 609-10) he has resided over fifty years in
Blue Rock township. -
" 0- Stats "what y-'>n know relative to the jtfdges^f
election refusing to swear non-resident oil men when
they were challenged. .
" A. I thought that, as I iw an old man, I had the
right to challenge strangers' rotes.
" Q. State what was the conduct of the active
friends of Mr. Delano toward Democrats while at
the polls.
" A. I thoughtthcy were a little rougher than Ihad
ever seen them. X have been a voter there ;aJl my
life, and never saw as much abuse to old .citizens:
they called them rebels and everything they'could
lay their tongues to. There were three old Dem-
ocrats of us went into the house, and • thought
we would challenge some'of their vote?; they com-
menced abusing us till X backed out, and went out
of the house and stayed out. They did run two Dem-
ocrats off; the Democrats came and would go right
off again."
Joseph McDonald (H. Mis. Doc. 88, part %
p. 624) says he has resided in Blue Rock town-
ship since 1816.
'• Question. State what you know relative to the
judges of the October election. 1866, in Blue Rock
township, refusing to swear non-resident oil men
when they were challenged.
" Answer. Theysaid they fetched them m as strag-
glers, or Methodist preachers, who had a right to
vote wherever they were. There were some few
sworn; the balance were notsworn; the judges said
it was not worth while. ,
"Quest-ion. Please state who requested the judges
of said election to have the non-resident oil men
sworn, . , .
" Annoer. I did myself, and also heard other per-
sons do so, butdo not rccollectwho. They said they
had not time to swear all of them, and they passed
the oil men into the class of stragglers,and Metho-
dist preachers. The judges of the election were
Republican.
'' Question. Were Democrats intimidated from exer-
cising the right of challenge 1
"Answer. They were. The non-resident oil men
belonged to the Republican party; there were lew
Democrats."
John Silvey says (H. Mis. Doc. 38, part 2,
pp. 633-34) he has resided in Blue Rock towa-
sfiip forty-three years.
"Question. State what you know relative to the
judges of the election Litjld in Blue lioek township,
October, 1866, refusing to swear non-resident oil men
when challenged.
"Answer. Mr. McDonald and Iwent into the polls
and requested them to swear the oil men ; the reply
was that it was not necessary; that Mr. Peyton's
reference was enough; that they are the Same as a
Methodist preachei on a circuit, wherever they wore
at the time was their residence."
He says that Democrats were intimidated
from challenging by the active friends of Mr.
Delano. "If a Democrat were to speak,
fifteen or twenty would run up and shake their
lists at you, and threaten to beat or whip you.
As a general thing they (non-resident oil men)
acted with the Republican party."
The sitting member attempted to prove who
these non-residents were and for whom they
voted. But to such an extent were they
strangers in the township that no one knew
them ; it was only known that at the election
'■they acted with the mob," fighting for the
contestant, and that immediately after the
election, with carpet-bag in hand, they disap-
peared like so many shadows.
THE FOLLS ILLEGALLY CLOSED.
I have already shown, Mr. Speaker, that the
frauds in Blue Rock were so numerous that it
was impossible to separate the illegal from the
legal votes, and that according to all the pre-
cedents in similar cases that the poll of that
township must be rejected. But. there is
another point, sir, to which 1 desire to call
the attention of the House. The officers of
the election, all the political friends of con-
testant, closed the polls in this township dur-
ing one hour, and carried the ballot-box and
poll-books away from the polls, thereby de-
priving the electors of that precinct from hav-
ing an opportunity to vote as prescribed by
the law. It is clear that if the officers of the
election can at their own option close the
polls, and stop the election during one hour on
the pretext of going to dinner, they have equal
right to close the polls at five o clock p-. m.
for one hoar to go to supper. They would
then return at six o'clock, when by law the
polls are required to be closed.
Now, Mr. Speaker, i would not ask that the
