1828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mareli 11,
second section.
The noble second section of this bill meets
my hearty concurrence. In my opinion it is
absolutely vital to maintain republican gov-
ernments at the South. It reads thus :
Sec. 2 And be it further enacted. That said State of
Alabama shall be recognized and admitted into the
Union upon the following fundamental conditions:
that the tight of suffrage of citizens of the United
States shall never be denied or abridged in said
State on account of race or color or previous condi-
tion of slavery, and Congress shall have the power
to annul any act of said State in violation or in dero-
gation of the provisions of this act.
This is the last shovelful of earth upon
slavery. Take this bill and incorporate this
provision in all enabling acts for the rebel
States and freedom has triumphed, even at the
South, and I rejoice. But there is something
in this case better than argument:
" I would not always reason."
There are motives in the heart of man far
higher and better than any logic of the schools or
narrowprecedentsoflaw. Theimpulseinevery
patriot's heart, I think, is to admit Alabama.
Her men of the mountains clung to the Union till
the air was filled with halters and bowie-knives,
and the mad scorpion whip of a false public
opinion drove them they knew not whither.
At the doors of the American Congress she
stands to-day asking admittance—asking for
her old place in the family of States—holding
in her hand a constitution that breathes in
every line devotion to liberty, loyalty, and
human rights, and voted for by seventy thou-
sand loyal men. Shall it bo said that we re-
fused her admission because of the lack of
rebel votes? No, sir. If I be left to stand
alone I will give to the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] the
poor sanction of my unqualified approval. By
this enactment we shall give the union chil-
dren of Alabama a protection—the poor priv-
ilege of living in the State and being loyal.
We shall give them peace—a word of unutter-
able meaning, incomprehensible save to those
who have endured four years of open war and
devastation, and three years—more miserable
years 1—of lawless anarchy. The true people
of Alabama long for rest. Admit the State,
and it will prove to these suffering men and
women quiet and future prosperity ; refuse her
admission, and it will be to them—well, the
peace of the grave and of exile.
Mr. Speaker, as I close the air grows dim,
and the past sweeps its shadowy traditions into
my mind—a tradition that belongs to the early
unnals of this State. All day till sunset, runs
the legend, wearily, a roving band of Indians
had traveled, seeking settlement, till striking
the beautiful river that gives its name to the
State, and ravished with the surpassing beauty
of the land, they cried out, involuntarily, in
their Indian dialect, "Alabama, Alabama!"
(here we rest.) Catching up this early echo,
opening wide our doors, I would say, "Ala-
bama, Alabama, here restl"
enrolled bill.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled House bill No.
785, to revive an act to constitute Hannibal,
Missouri, and Peoria, Illinois, ports of deliv-
ery ; when the Speaker signed the same.
third military district.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, transmitting a letter from
General Meade, in command of the third mili-
tary district, relative to the necessity for addi-
tional appropriations to carry out the recon-
struction acts in said district; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations.
quartermaster's department.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting, in compli-
ance with law, statements of contracts made by
the quartermaster's department during Febru-
ary, 1868; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
leave of absence.
On motion of Mr. WELKER, leave of ab-
sence was granted to Mr. Eggleston.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its §ecretary> announced that the Senate had
disagreed to the amendment of the House to
the amendment of the Senate to the joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 19) directing that certain
moneys now in the hands of the united States
Treasurer, as special agent of the Treasury
Department, be covered by warrant into the
United States Treasury, asked a conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
said amendment, and had appointed Messrs.
Edmunds, Fessendbn, and Trumbull man-
agers of the conference on the part of the
Senate.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill (S. No. 213) to ameild an
act entitled "An act to amend the judiciary
act," passed September 24, 1789.
reimbursement of milwaukee.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 908) to reimburse the
city of Milwaukee for expenses on the harbor
of that city ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
consular and diplomatic bill.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER, by unanimous
consent, the House took from the Speaker's
table the amendments of the Senate to the
consular anddiplomaticbill, and referred them
to the Committee on Appropriations.
admission of alabama again.
Mr. BOYER obtained the floor.
Mr. JUDD. Does the gentleman propose
to go on to-night?
Mr. BOYER. No, sir.
Mr. JUDD. I move, then, that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. PRICE. I hope not. The Committee
on Retrenchment were instructed to report to-
day on the subject of the cancellation and de-
struction of United States bonds, and I hope
they will be permitted to make their report.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope, by general con-
sent, that report will be allowed to be made at
this time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is entitled to the floor, and the consid-
eration of the Alabama bill will be considered
as postponed until to-morrow after the morn-
ing hour.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I desire to say that
it is the intention of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction to ask for a vote on
the Alabama bill to-morrow.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope that question will
not be pressed. It is an important one, and I
think it is best to make haste slowly.
The House refused to adjourn.
cancellation and destruction of bonds.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit a report from the Committee on
Retrenchment in regard to the cancellation and
destruction of United States bonds, and to
move that it be laid oil the table and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask whether that embraces
the evidence?
Mr. VAN WYCK. The evidence can be
printed if the gentleman desires it. I did not
know that the printing of the evidence would
bo asked for. 1 f any gentleman wants it printed
that can be done.
Mr. LO GAN. Does the evidence accompany
the report?
Mr. VAN WYCK. No, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. I object to any report unless
the evidence accompanies it. I demand the
House shall require the testimony to appear
with the report, I will make a statement, and
I h^pe the gentleman will not take it as any
offense.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Very well.
Mr. LOGAN. I will state my reason for it.
When I made the statement in the House in
reference to blank paper being destroyed in
lieu of bonds, the books showing that $18,643,-
000, purporting to be bonds, had been de-
stroyed, and then the certificate showing that it
was blank paper, I said I had examined the
book and I wanted to know what it meant. I
did not pretend to know, nor do I pretend to
know now. I do not know what the report of
the committee is. Whether it is such a report
as usually comes from committees for investi-
gating matters in the Treasury Department or
not 1 do not know nor care, but I desire to
have the evidence accompanying the report.
It is a personal matter with me. On the even-
ing that I made the statement in the House
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Price] intro-
duced a resolution calling for a committee of
investigation to ascertain whether this thing
was a fraud or not, and the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Van Wyoic,] being chairman
of a committee, of the House called the Re-
trenchment Committee, the matter was referred
to that committee. Late in the evening th .
gentleman from New York [Mr. Laflin] came
to my room and suggested that I should talk
with him, inasmuch as he knew something
about the matter. I did so. The next morn-
ing I discovered in the papers a telegram stat-
ing that Mr. Van Wyck and Mr. Laflin had
investigated this matter and that my statement
was without foundation.
Now, all 1 have to say is that this committee
were authorized to investigate the matter, and
not to send telegrams in reference to a matter
of this kind before they investigate it. Hence I
want the evidence so as to see whether or not
I did state what was true or what was not true.
I say that I stated precisely the facts, as the
books show, as the clerk told me, and as Gen-
eral Spinner stated to me, and I demand that
the evidence be printed with the report, that I
may see whetherthesegentlemen have refused to
confirm what they stated to me. I do it because
I do not intend, either on this floor or else-
where, to have an imputation against my vera-
city, either by telegrams sent at night in refer-
ence to my statement, or in any other way. I
ask the House, in fairness to myself, to require
the evidence to be reported, so as to see whether
or not I have stated truly. -- That is the reason
why I object to the report without the evidence.
Why the chairman of the committee should
allow telegrams to be sent in reference to my
statement before the investigation is made I
do not know, nor do I care, except that it casts
reflections upon me. I want the country to see
whether or not the facts were stated by me
correctly.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Illinois that he has not a
parliamentary right to object to a report of a
committee. The committee has a right to
report, but he can make a motion that the evi-
dence be printed with the report.
Mr. LOGAN. Then I make tie motion
that the evidence be printed with the report;
and I ask if the report is read now that the
evidence be read also.
Mr. VAN WYCIv. I have no objection to
the printing of the evidence. We were ordered
by the House to examine this matter and re-
port without delay, which we have undertaken
to do. The House will remember the very
startling nature of the information which the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logak] pre-
sented. The effect of that statement going
forth to the country unchallenged was to impair
confidence in this Government and fill the air
with rumors and suspicions as to the honesty-
and fidelity of those who had charge of the
Treasury of the United States.
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman will allow
me 1 will ask him what startling statement did
I make that would cause the country to suspect
the Treasurer of this Government? I stated
