THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB#.
J uae 4,
a good, honest man. Bat for the interposition
of the Senate we should not now have an
honest man as collector.
Mr. LAWRbNCE, ot Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, air.
Mr. LAWRENE, of Ohio. Cannot Con-
gress by a clause in this bill provide that the
present .Commissioner of Internal Revenue
shall remain in office until December next,
that the President shall neither suspend nor
remove him? I say that we can, and that we
ought to do it. Extraordinary cases require
extraordinary remedies.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Chairman, I say
that Congress has no power to legislate any
man into a department.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DELANO. Mr. Chairman, if I under-
stand the theory of this section, it embraces
two distinct ideas. The first is a separation
of the Internal Revenue Bureau from the
Treasury Department. The second is the ele-
vation of the character of that bureau, so that
it shall hereafter be called a department, and
that its chief shall have power to appoint all
subordinate officers. As to the first question,
I apprehend that those who have reflected upon
the subject—a majority, I think, of the House-
must have come to the conclusion that it is
wise to make the separation. The magnitude
of the business connected with the collection
of our internal revenue requires it. I venture
the opinion that the internal revenue of this
nation will never be properly collected until,
this separation shall be made.
To this separation in the manner proposed
in this bill it is objected that it attempts to con-
tinue in office the present Commissioner, and
that this cannot be done when the bureau is
raised in dignity to a department. I admit
that much can be said upon both sides of this
question. My own opinion is that this meas-
ure can be adopted without violating any pro-
vision of the Constitution, that there is no diffi-
culty about it. I admit, however, that there
are arguments upon the other side; yet grant-
ing this, the question will come before the
Senate when the President, after the change
shall have been made, shall nominate to that
body a person in place of the present officer;
and the Senate will then settle the question.
In view, therefore, of this contingency, I would
accept the measure.
The next question is, whether it is advisable
to give to the head of this department, as it is
hereafter to be called, the power which this
bill proposes to give him with reference to all
the officers connected with the department.
In my opinion this power is necessary—'neces-
sary to the efficiency, the strength, the proper
administration of this branch of the public ser-
vice. In the present condition of our finances,
in the present attitude of our Government, this
internal revenue department is to be one of
the most important in the Government, involv-
ing in its administration some of the most
difficult questions connected with any branch
of the public service. Unless you give the
head of this department the power here pro-
posed, making him responsible for the faithful
exercise of this power, you will not have such
an administration of internal revenue affairs
as the Government needs.
Mr. MILLER. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him one question bearing upon the
point he is discussing?
Mr. DELANO. Yes, sir.
Mr. MILLER. There is no doubt. I pre-
sume, that Congress has a perfect right to
create this new department; but I desire to
ask the honorable gentleman whether, in his
opinion, Congress has the right to declare by
legislation who shall bo at the head of this
department.
Mr. DELANO. I have already said, Mr.
Chairman, that in my opinion the separation
of this bureau from the Treasury Department,
and the calling of it after that separation a
" department,'1 is consistent with the general
policy of our laws; but, however that might
be, I should feel justified in supporting this
measure, because the result, would be that the
President would nominate a new chief for the
department, and then the Senate would settl.e
this question.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. By unanimous consent
all debate upon the section and amendments
thereto is now closed. The first question is
j upon the amendment proposed by the gentle-
i man from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
! Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 desire to offer an
! amendment to the amendment.
| The CHAIRMAN. An amendment to an
| amendment would be in order, but no debate
. can be had upon it.
j Mr. INGEltSOLL. I move to amend by
striking ont before " Commissioner" the word
"the" and inserting "a," so that the clause
will read, " the head and chief officer of which
shall be a Commissioner of Internal Revenue."
The CHAIRMAN. That is not in order as
an amendment to the pending amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Gakfield was read,
as follows :
Amend the section so that the first clause will read
as follows:
That the office of Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue be, and the same is hereby, continued, the head
and chief officer of which shall be the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, whose salary shall be SO,000
per annum.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes 44, noes -iO; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. SciiExcKand
Mr. Garfield were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 40, noes 47; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, directed
the roll to be called, when the following-named
members failed to answer:
Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Arnell, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks,
Barnum, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Bout-
well, Boyer, Broomall, Burr, Butler, Chanler, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Covode, Cullom, Dixon, Bodge, Bon-
nelly, Egglcston.Eldridgc, Eliot, Ferry, Finney, Fox.
Glossbrenner, Gravely. Haight. Hawkins, Hotehkiss,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard 1). Hubbard, Humph-
rey, Jenckes, Johnson, Julian,Kelley, Kelsey, Kerr,
Kitchen, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Loan,Logan,Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory, Marshall,
Marvin, McOullougli, Mereur, Morrissey, Mungen,
Nunn, Orth, Paine, Pike, Pols ley, Pruyn, Raum, Itob-
inson, Ross, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Smith,
Spalding, Starkweather, Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes,
Stone, Taber, Taylor. Thomas, John Trimble, Law-
rence S. Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump,
Elihu B. Washburne, Thomas Williams, William
Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen I'. Wilson,
ood, and Woodbriuge—03.
The committee then lose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Pomeroy re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the special order, being the bill (H.
R. No. 1060J to reduce into oue act and to
amend the laws relating to internal taxes, and
finding itself without a quorum had caused the
roll to be called, and had directed him to report
the names of the absentees to the House.
A quorum having answered to their names,
the committee resumed its session.
The tellers resumed their places.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 4G. noes 49.
The Chairman voted in the negative.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. JONES. I submit the following amend-
ment :
Strike out all after the words " shall he,'' in the
seventh line, and insert as follows: " appointed by
the President, with the adricc and consent oi the
Senate, undwhose salary shall bo §6,000 per annum."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to strike out
the entire section.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I wish first to move to
perfect the section. I move to strike out the
word "the," in lino seven, and insert "a;"
and also to strike out these words : "whenever
the office of Commissioner of Internal Revenue
shall become vacant by death, resignation, or
otherwise so it will read :
That the office of Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue be, and the same is hereby, established and
Constituted a department of, the Govcrnment. to be
designated and known, as a department of internal
revenue, the head and chief officer of which depart-
ment shall be a Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
whoso salary shall bo $0,000 pc annum. And the
President shall nominate, and by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Semite appoint, a suitable
person to fill said office.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. PARNSWoaiH's
motion to strike out the first section.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 30, noes 60 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the gentleman
from Ohio will give us a vote in the House I
will withdraw the motion.
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; I am not willing
to consent to that.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and
appointed Mr. Pabsswobth and Mr. Delano.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 35, noes 60.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair votes in the
negative.
So the motion was rejected.
The Clerk read the next section, as follows :
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue shall be charged with
the duty of superintending the assessment and col-
lection of all internal taxes and penalties imposed
by law, and the preparation and distribution of all
instructions. regulations, forms, blanks, stamps,
marks, and hydrometers, or other instruments which
may be necessary tor those objects. Ttie printing of
sueh regulations, forms, and blanks shall be done at
the Government Printing Office, except in cases
where theSupermtendentof Public Printing maybe
unable to perform the work: but the Commissioner
shall have authority, after due public notice, to re-
ceive bids and make contracts for supplying station-
ery, blank books, and blanks to the assessors and
collectors in the several collection distiicts. The
said Commissioner shall have thepriviiege of frank-
ing and receiving frco of postage all letters, docu-
ments, or other mail matter pertaining to the busi-
ness of his department. And it shall bo the duty of
the said Commissioner to digest, prepare, and lay
before Congress at the commencement of the Decem-
ber session, in each year, a detailed report on the
subject of internal revenue, giving the amounts re-
ceived from theseveral sources and objects of taxa-
tion, estimates of the amounts to be received, plans
for increasing or decreasing such taxation, the ex-
penses of collection, and information and his views
generally in regard to all matters pertaining to his
department.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer the following
amendment from the Committee of Ways and
Means :
Strike out in lines thirteen and fourteen the words
'' to the assessors and collectors in theseveral collec-
tion districts," and insert in lieu thereof the words,
"for the use of his department, and lor assessors,
collectors, and other officers of internal revenue."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the depart-
ment of internal revenue shall include the follow-
ing officers and clerks, who shall be appointed by the
Commissioner aforesaid, to wit: one Assistant Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, whose salary shall
be Si,000 per annum, and who shall be charged with
such duties as shall be required by the Commissioner,
and shall perform the duties and exercise the powers
of Commissioner ill case of the temporary absence or
disability of that officer; six deputy commissioners,
with a salary each of §3,000 per anuum ; twenty-fivo
clerks of class four; forty clerks oi class three ; forty
clerks ot class two; twenty-five clcrks of class one";
and fifty iemale clerks. The Commissioner may-
employ three messengers, three assistant messengers,
and ten laborers, whose compensation shall be as is
now by law provided. And there shall also be one
solicitor of internal revenue, with a salarv of Si.000
per annum, who shall be appointed by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
Mr.^ SCIIENCK. I move the following
amendment from the committee. In line fif-
teen strikeout the word "now," so l hat it will
read "whose compensation shall be as is by
law provided."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I offer the following
amendment;
After the word "clerks," in line thirteen, insert
And there shall be a disbursing clerk for the de-
partment, the said clerk to be appointed oui of class
four by the head of said department, and to receive
such suin in addition to his regular salary as may
amount in all to $2,000 per annum. But it shall be
his further duty, when designated by the head of the
department for that service, to superiniend the
ouilditigs; and he shall give bonds as required by
the independent Treasury act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SELYE. I move to amend by inserting
