1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3877
•i .u'' s'r' you the,power to pass such a
mil ? That is a question hitherto unnoticed,
ihc Constitution says that each State may
vote for electors of President and Vice-Presi-
dent, as the Legislature of the State may direct;
that those votes shall be transmitted to the
President of the Senate, and then in joint con-
vention of tlie two Houses they shall be opened
and counted. The Constitution addresses itself,
to the Legislatures and citizens of the respect-
ive States so far as regards the choice of elect-
ors and the casting of electoral votes Elect-
ors are to be chosen as the State itself shall
prescribe. Then they are to vote in an Elect-
oral College. So far the Constitution addresses
itself to the States. It addresses itself to the
President of the Senate in enjoining him to re-
ceive the electoral votes. It commands the
two Houses of Congress to convene when those
votes are counted. But where is the authority
to the two Houses of Congress to pass laws
regarding the choice of electors in the several
States ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him another question?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Suppose there should
happen to be from the State of Pennsylvania
two sets of votes returned to the President of
the Senate from what purported to be and
ostensibly were two sets of electoral col-
leges^ each claiming to represent the vote of
the State of Pennsylvania; is the President
of the Senate to settle which of the two repre-
sents the voice of that State, or who is to do it?
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator is simply
anticipating the points to which 1 am coming.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Well, go on, then.
Mr. BUCKALEW . The Constitution, I say,
addresses itself to the States. It does not
address itself to Congress except in the single
particular of convening at the counting the
votes. Where, then, is your grant of power to
say when a State shall vote and when it shall
not; to prescribe how and under what circum-
stances it shall vote? You have no jurisdiction
over the subject-matter. Your interference
with it is, if 1 may be allowed the expression,
a pure impertinence, because it is not among
the duties which have been charged upon you
by the Constitution.
Mr. President, the question of a contested
presidential election is one of the most delicate
and difficult which can engage the attention of
any gentleman who studies our political system
and takes into account the dangers to which it
may be subjected in future time. A provision
for determining a contested election has not
been pointed out; and the only inference of
power that can arise from an express provision
of the Constitution arises upon that provision
which confers upon the two Houses the power,
or rather prescribes the duty, of convening
together when the votes are counted. The duty
is charged upon the President of the Senate to
open the returns and to announce them before
the two Houses. Upon a celebrated occasion
the President of the Senate, in opening the
returns when there was a question with refer-
ence to the vote of a particular State, directed
the result, to be announced as it would stand
if the vote of that State were counted and to
be announced, also, as it would stand if the vote
of that State were not counted. Very pru-
dently and properly at that time the question
of bow a ditliculty in regard to the counting
of votes should be determined was passed by,
because the necessity did not exist for deciding
it, the icsult would be the same whether the
vote of the State should be counted or should
be rejected.
'Therefore, speaking in the light of our his-
tory, and speaking with reference to any express
provision of the Constitution of the United
States, I am authorized to say, and I do say. i
tb/it the question propounded to me by the I
Senator from Vermont is an open question ; it
lias received no adjudication; it has not been
decided. It is one upon which gentlemen are
entitled to hold opinions such as they can form
from the exeroire of their best judgment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to know what the
Senator's opinion is in order to guide my own.
Mr. BUCKALE W. Several years ago, the
year before the close of the war, when it was
impossible—I use the word with reflection—
that presidential elections should be held in
the Stales of the South, and when there was
an attempt, countenanced to some extent even
by Mr. Lincoln, to choose electors in those
States, Congress passed a joint resolution on
that subjcct. What was it? It was not a law.
It was not in the nature of a law. The author-
ity and the propriety of passing it, the Senator
will find by referring to the debates of that
time, were very much questioned, and there
was a large vote in the Senate against passing
it, given upon the ground that as a legislative
body we had nothing to do with the question.
Finally the resolution was passed, declaring in
the^ then existing condition of those States
their electoral votes could not be taken and
should not be counted. It was the declaration
of a fact of which most were fully convinced
and against which view there was very little
pretense of argument.
The war was then going on. It extemffid
over every one of those States. We had but
partial, limited possession of some parts of
some of them, and very irregular and trail pro-
visional governments were maintained by our
bayonets. They were in such condition—I
think that was the very word used in the reso-
lution—that as a matter of fact they could not
vote, and that joint resolution simply declared
the fact, and there was then (even by many of
those who voted for that measure) a denial of
any power in Congress to admit or to forbid
the voting of a State.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator permit
me to correct, him ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator had better
hear me conclude on this pout.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely wish to correct
the Senator on a matter of fact as to the point
he is now stating if lie will permit me to do
so. It appears from the debates that two gen-
tlemen at least—I only remember these at the
moment—who are now with my honorable
friend, the three great lights of the Democratic
party in this body, its representative men, the
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Dooi.rm.Kj and
the Senator from Maryland, who left us to-day,
[Mr. Joju.vsox,] found fault with that provision
upon the ground that the provision ought to
have been made l'or such an emergency by a
law passed antecedent to the fact upon which
it was to operate : that is to say before the
election ; and that it was one of the highest
duties of the legislative power under the Con-
stitution to make such a regulation ; and I will
read the evidence to the Senator whenever he
wants it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The correction was
quite unnecessary. I said that many of those
who supported that measure held to the view
I stated. I will add that most of the support
ers held that it was a convenient measure as a
rule or direction to the presiding officer of the
convention, as a rule of order, as a declaration
of the opinion of the two Houses; not as a law
which would bind that convention when it was
convened.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Did you not vote for it
in the form of a law ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. In ilie form of a reso-
lution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. A joint resolution?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Yes ; in the form of a
joint resolution. It was a declaration of Con-
gress put in the form of a joint resolution and
passed through the two Houses, announcing
their judgment upon the condition of things in
the South, and that, as the case stood, it was
impossible that they should vote or that then-
votes should be received in the Electoral Col-
* Mr. EDMUNDS. They had voted.
Mr. BUCKALEW. There was no pretense
of a denial of r<ght. No man who voted for
that resolution supposed there was any right
to vote in a State that was incapable of voting,
incapacitated in the very nature of the case.
Those States had been engaged in the rebellion
from the beginning. They were then engaged
in flagrant open war against us, and I, for one,
thought it shocking that one tenth of the pop-
ulation of one of those States should wield the
whole electoral vot<< of the State, that any pre-
tense should be made that such a one tenth part
of a fugitive, straggling population within mil-
itary lines should in this Government of ours
claim that they had capacity to wield the polit-
ical power of that State in this Government, to
vote down the freemen of the northern States
who were then engaged in behalf of this Gov-
ernment against those States to repress the
insurrection which had broken out in them.
That congressional declaration stood upon
those grounds, and the only question that then
arose in my mind and in the minds of others
was that the precedent might be misconceived
and misapplied hereafter. There was hesita-
tion for that reason with some gentlemen. If
I had anticipated that it was to be cited as a pre-
cedent for a law which in time of peace should
deprive any State of this Union by act of Con-
gress of its right to poll electoral votes, I
should have looked upon it as a much more
important measure than I then regarded it, and
one of an exceedingly pernicious character.
What right have you to say whether the State
of Georgia shall vote or not, as a Congress, as
a legislative body ? Where did you get your
authority? Under what clause of the Consti-
tution? Under what inference from or con-
struction of any clause ? There is nothing of
the sort. If you can deliberately say that the
State of Georgia or the State of Arkansas shall
not vote, and make yorr declaration a law,
what is to hinder you from passing a lawappli-
eable to Pennsylvania in which you shall say
that her vote shall not be counted? You may
say that you have a better reason in the one
case than yon can suppose yon would have in
the other ; but if the power be granted its exer-
cise must be in the discretion of Congress.
You have no such power. 1 can understand
gentlemen who argue that when from a par-
ticular State votes are sent to be opened before
the two Houses convened together under the
direction of the Constitution there must be,
by nccessary implication, power of judgment
upon the return vested m the two Houses.
That is intelligible. It is not necessary now
to argue whether it is a good opinion or not.
MESSAGE 1'ItOM TI1E HOUSE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senator give way to receive a message from
the House of Representatives ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Certainly.
Mr. McPhersos, Clerk of the House of
Representatives, appeared below the bar and
said ; Mr. President, 1 am directed to inform
the Senate that the House of Representatives
has passed a bill (IT. R. No. 13bl) providing
for an election in Virginia, in which it requests
the concurrencc of the Senate.
Mr. BUCKALEW. You see, Mr. President,
by the announcement from the House of Rep-
resentatives the impropriety of the bill now
before the Senate. By the bill we are consid-
ering provision is made that although the State
of Virginia may hold an election under your
recousUuctiou laws and adopt a Constitution,
yet she shall not vote in the Electoral College
unless Congress receives her, admits her to
representation, which is not to be expected at
the present session.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why is that impossible?
Mr. BUCKALEW. It is impossible to hold
an election in Virginia and receive her repre-
sentatives if we adjourn within any reasonable
time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The bill does not require
that we shall receive her representatives.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. Piesident, there
is an old saying in a good book which is very
applicable io this bill, '• Sufficient unto the day
is the evil thereof." 1 have already endeavored
to point out that the very same Houses of Con-
gress that are now in session will be in session
