1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1829"
that I had examined the books with General
Spinner, and they showed that these bonds were
destroyed, while the certificate showed that
instead of bonds it was only blank paper. Is
not that my statement?
Mr. VAN WYCK. Partially.
Mr. LOGAN. I stated, also, that General
Spinner said, it was a very suspicious circum-
stance ; that it was wrong; and if he had known
it he would not have allowed it to be done. I
said, furthermore, that Mr. Clarke, in the De-
partment, told me some days before that such
was the fact. I ask if that was not my state-
ment?
Mr. VAN WYCK. The gentleman went a
little further, and left the impression 
Mr. LOGAN. Now, stop, sir; I ask you, if
you please.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I have yielded to you.
Mr. LOGAN. I beg your pardon. You
have no right to state what impressions were
made. I wish you to state my words. Give
the words that I used. I state to this House
that the clerk whom I named and General
Spinner both swore before this committee this
morning just exactly what I stated—both of
them, and I ask the gentleman why their evi-
dence is not reported, so that the country may
see that I had a reason for making the state-
ment that I did make. That is what I ask.
Mr. VAN WYCK. The committee was not
charged with the investigation, neither do I
suppose that it is the duty of this House neces-
sarily to spread upon the record evidence for
the mere purpose of showing that the gentle-
man was mistaken. We were not directed to
make an inquiry with that view. But we were
directed to investigate and report whether
frauds had been committed against this Gov-
ernment by the abstraction of $18,000,000 in
bonds from the Treasury, and the substitution
therefor of blank sheets of paper destroyed
in their place. That was the declaration,
substantially, that produced that effect on
the minds of gentlemen of this House that led
to the investigation. Otherwise there was
nothing for this committee to investigate.
Mr. LOGAN. Now, I will ask the gentle-
man to allow me a word?
Mr. VAN WYCK. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. I say to the gentleman from
New York that I gave no opinion; and,
although I can give an opinion if desired, I
did not state that $18,000,000 in bonds had
been abstracted from the Treasury. I have
never tried to be unfair with the gentleman.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Not at all.
Mr. LOGAN. I think it unfair for him to
insinuate that I said any such thing. I care
not what impression was made upon the House.
I will tell the gentleman what impression was
made upon me. The clerk who first told me
of this matter did leave the impression upon
my mind that there was fraud. I say further,
and the committee know it, that that clerk
swore before them this morning that at the
time he told me he believed there was fraud.
I state further that he swore before them this
morning that he impressed me with that idea,
and I had a right to believe it.
Mr. VAN WYCK. And you impressed it
upon the House.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, sir; I made the state-
ment, but I am telling you what the clerk
swore before you this morning, and I ask the
House, in justice to me, that this evidence shall
be a part of the report; for I know what these
men swore. I was permitted to go before the
committee, and I asked them to allow mo to
examine Mr. Nealeand Mr. Spinner, and they
did so after they had examined them yester-
day. I put them on the stand and put ques-
tions to them, just as I stated to the House,
and they both substantiated precisely what I
stated. More than that; you know that Gen-
eral Spinner stated to you this morning in the
committee that he had read my statement and
there was no controversy between him and me
as to my statement, because it was true. Now,
you know that; you know he stated that to
you this morning, and I ask that it shall go
before the country with this report of yours.
Mr. VAN WYCK. There is no dispute as
to what the witnesses testified to, and there is
no sort of necessity for the gentleman getting
himself in this position, forthat is not claimed.
When the gentleman took exception to some
things yesterday wc invited him to attend the
sessions of the committee this morning, and to
hear road the evidence which had been taken.
We asked him to indicate any witness he de-
sired to have recalled, or any new witness he
desired to have called and examined. We
asked him to come there and satisfy himself
in regard to this matter; and that is the way
the gentleman came before the committee.
We were glad to invite him to come, and were
happy that he did come. I do not know any-
where any desire or inclination in regard to
this matter except to find out all the facts in
reference to the subject which was referred to
the committee. I supposed that this House,
in thV3 excitement then existing, referred some
matter to the committee. I supposed that
there was some charge against somebody or
against some Department of some fraud or
wrong-doing. 1 did not suppose it was a sort
of Don Quixote chase, a tilt with a wind-mill,
but that our attention had been called to some-
thing substantial and real. But now it would
seem that there was nothing but some little
peccadillo which existed in the imagination
of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan]
or some one who gave him the information
upon which he based his statement. I state
in all candor, without intending to reflect
upon anything said by the gentleman from
Illinois——
Mr. LOGAN. I do not know that, now
that I have heard the gentleman say some
things he has said.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I will show what was
naturally deduciblo from the remarks of the
gentleman ; and I think if he had been wend-
ing his way through Wall street or some other
commercial center of the country a little while
after he had made his statement he would
have found out what impression was made
upon the country by his remarks upon that
subject. What did he say ?
"But I will tell gentlemen who desire to look after
these things if they will get the Secretary of tho
Treasury to explain how it was that on or about the
10th of December last $18,(340,000 of bonds wero re-
corded as destroyed on the books, when tho fact
appears that it was only blank paper, without a, fig-
ure or letter on a single sheet of it, they will be doing
as much good to the country as by investigating any-
thing of this kind."
And then, further on, he says :
" I examined the books this morning. There may
be fl,n explanation, I do not say there is not, but if
there is X would like to have it. It is certified on the
books by three men that on the 19th of December—I
believe that was the date—some $18,640,000 of bonds
wero recorded as being destroyed by being run into
pulp, by being thrown into the boiler where such
papers are destroyed; but it was only blank paper."
Now, if language means anything, that
means that bonds were supposed to be de-
stroyed, while in fact blank paper was substi-
tuted in their places, for some purpose or
other, and was put into the boiler and con-
verted into pulp. The gentleman goes on to
say:
"On being told that such was the fact I did not be-
lieve it, so I went to the clerk and he showed me the
book. On opening tho book there was the certificate
of the destruction of that amount of bonds* giving
the denominations. The clerk, it seems, went to
three other men in the Department and asked them
to come and see the destruction of the paper after it
was certified as being bonds. He asked them to ox-
amine it, and they did so. Then before he made the
entry in the book he made them give a statement of
the fact that it was blank paper. That statement
appears on the side of the page signed by these three
men. That is the condition of the book which I ex-
amined this morning. I spoke to General Spinner
about it and he said it was all wrong, that there
ought to be some explanation of it. Howithappened
he could not toll, but ho said if ho had known the
fact at the time he would uot have allowed it to be
done.
"Now, these are things that ought to be looked
into."
What things ought to be looked into? Why,
the things referred to by the gentleman in the
extracts which I have read. And then he con-
tinues:
"I havo heretofore spoken in this House about
tho sale of registered instead of coupon bonds at a
lower rate than the coupon bonds arc selling in New
York, though the Government had to pay the samo
interest on the one as the other. You are being
defrauded out of hundreds of thousands of dollars
every month by the conduct of this Department, and
yet no attention is paid to tho matter."
Now, I do not take issue with the gentleman
as to just what the facts are, but it would ap-
pear from these statements that the gentleman
was impressed with the belief that a great fraud
had been committed, and he called upon this
House to order an investigation. What was to
be investigated except some crime or fraud or
great wrong done this country by Government
officials?
Charged with that duty, your committee
entered upon this investigation. They found
that this book, to which the gentleman referred,
contained a statement of the destruction of
papers, the denominations of which are car-
ried out there. And if the gentleman had then
made an inquiry before ho made his startling
announcement to this House he would have
discovered what i3 also tho fact, and what is
set forth in this report, that when any paper
is issued to the Printing Bureau from that
time not only is an account kept of the num-
ber of sheets issued but it receives the denom-
ination and is designated by the value which
it is expected it will have attached to it by
being printed upon. And the counting com-
mences immediately; so many sheets of paper
for such an issue, naming the date : so many
bonds of §50, $100, §1,000, or $5,000, carry-
ing out from the commencement the value of
the bonds, until each one is properly printed
and ready to appear upon the market. So
they carry through those papers, which are
counted eight different times. If in the end
any papers are defective by reason of being
badly printed; if they are blurred or soiled,
or printed only on the face, or printed only
on the back or in any other way defective,
the defective ones are taken out, and iu some
instances the blanks arc taken, and an ac-
count made of them by the counting commit-
tee. They aro then passed over to the com-
mittee of destruction, who destroy them.
Thus these defective papers, the soiled, the
blurred, the imperfectly printed, and occasion-
ally the blank sheets, are all carried in the
registers, with the number of the sheets and
the denominations which in the first instance
were intended to be given to those sheets, if
they had been perfectly printed.
Mr. MILLER. Is the number of the bonds
also stated?
Mr. VAN WYCK. No, sir; it cannot be
till it is printed and numbered ; but the de-
nominations and the quantity are named.
Now, sir, in this book which the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Logan] saw, the very head-
ing, the earliest entry upon it, speaks of these,
not as "bonds," but as " blanks." I hold in
my hand a copy of the leaf of the register
which the gentleman saw and to which he
called the attention of the House. The head-
ing is " blanks and then it goes on, accord-
ing to the custom of this bureau for years,
twenty-eight hundred blanks, fifty dollars each,
carried out §140,000. Then again, thirty-seven
hundred blanks, $5,000 each, carried out $18,-
500,000. Thus these papers to which the gen-
tleman from Illinois referred are "blanks."
They are so designated at the head of the pages
in four registers in the Treasury Department.
The evidence shows that these blanks were
issued in 1864. Some time after that, a year
or more, a large quantity was issued to tho
Department under the date of 1863. Before
they were all used Secretary McCulloch sent
a committee of inquiry to investigate the af-
fairs of the Printing Bureau. That committee
examined into the affairs of the bureau, making
an inventory of everything there, the bonds
that were complete, the bonds that were de-
fectively printed, and the blanks. When they
