330
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 8,
Senate.
Representation in Congress—Mr. Vickers.
40th Cong....2b Sess.
derives all its power directly or indirectly from the
groat body of the people, and is administered by per-
sons holding their offices during pleasure, for a lim-
ited period, or daring good behavior."
' I have also an authority from a distinguished
tnetnber of the Senate, who lias been long in
public life, who has age, experience, and judg-
ment;, and lias been associated with some of
the most brilliant men in either Hou.se of Con-
gress who have shed luster upon the history
of the country. I refer to a speech made by
Hon. Benjamin P. Wade, Senator from Ohio,
on the 7th of March, 1866, upon the question
of the admission of Nebraska into the Union.
He said:
" I do not desire to enter Into a discussion; bat i
will say that Uie committee had before them first
the constitution of tbe State of Nebraska, which
they examined and found a very liberal and a very
good constitution, analogous to most of the constitu-
tions of the States, indeed almost a copy of the con-
stitutions^? many of the western States. There is
nothing in-it to which any gentleman here would
object, except that clause which restricts the fran-
chise to whito persons. That question I do not pro-
pose to discuss, because no now light can possibly be
thrown upon it."—Congressional Globe, first session
tChirty-Ninth Congress, page 4207.
Again, in the same speech, he said:
"In the next place, as for the Senator from
Massachusetts, he challenges me to show that this
constitution is ropublican in form. Weil, sir, it is
republican in form, but is not that kind of repub-
licanism that I approve of. If I had my way
about it nobody would be excluded from the fran-
chise that was a male citizen of proper age, let his
col<?r be what it would. That would bo the color
•of republicanism that I should like the best; but to
deny that, under the Constitution of the United
State.1-, this constitution is republican in form, is to
deny that we have a republic at all, for when the
Government was formed I believe there was not more
than one State at all events that was republican in
form unless this is republican in form. It is repub-
lican in form and also in substance, for I do not sup-
pose (and I am informed that there are not) that
there are fifty colored persons in the wholo Territory;
but they ought to vote if there was but one."—Ibicl.,
page 4206.
We have this high authority as to what con-
stitutes a republican government. Here was
a constitution presented in 1866 with a restric-
tion confining suffrage to white persons; but
the Senator from Ohio said that such a consti-
tution, which prohibited free negroes from
exercising the right of suffrage, was a repub-
lican constitution ; and further, that there was
perhaps but one State when the Union was
formed whose constitution did not contain
alike prohibition. He said further, that that
constitution was not only republican in form,
but republican in substance, although by it
free negroes were excluded from the right of
suffrage.
The policy of Congress in the bills which
have been submitted to the consideration of
the Senate, in regard to the admission of the
southern States, must proceed upon the assump-
tion that these States are out of the Union.
Then I ask, having once been in the Union,
when and how did they get out of it? Was it
by the ordinances of secession? Did those
ordinances separate or sever them from the
Unioi?? I understood the honorable Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] while discuss-
ing this bill on Saturday—and if I am mis-
taken in his position he will correct me—to
say that the ordinances of secession on the
part of these States did forfeit all their polit-
ical rights.
Mr. HOWARD. Followed by acts of war
upon the Government of the United States
was the ground upon which I put it.
Mr. VICKERS. Followed by acts of war
upon the Government of the United States ;
and further, that by the conquest of those States
nil the political rights to which they had pre-
viously been entitled were acquired by, and
accrued to, the Unit"d States, who had the right
to impose any conditions they pleased upon
them. Was that the honorable Senator's posi-
tion?
Mr. HOWARD. Not exactly; but I will
not, interrupt you further.
Mr. VlCKEllS. The ordinances of seces-
sion of themselves certainly did not take.these
States out of the Union, because they were of
a peaceable character; and if by peaceable
measures they could beeome disunited from
the Government, then the Government would
not have prosecuted the war which they did
upon those States; but it was upon the prin-
ciple thatthe Union was indissoluble. It could
not have been successfully waged' upon any
other principle. The whole-North and the
border States fought it out on the principle that
the Union was not dissolved. If it had been
proclaimed at the beginning of the war that
these acts of secession, even if followed by acts
of hostility, had taken those States out of the
Union, the combat never could have been
successfully ended.
If the war was carried on to preserve the
Union, not to restore it, it was upon constitu-
tional principles, and the ordinances of seces-
sion had no effect in dissolving the connection
of these States with the Government of the
United States. If it was fought to preserve
the Union, I ask how is it possible that the
success of our arms could effect that which the
contest was prosecuted to prevent? Did the
triumph of our arms in that great conflict dis-
solve the Union? If the ordinances of seces-
sion did not, how could the success of our arms
produce that result?
But I understood the Senator from Michigan
to say that the ordinances of secession, followed
by acts of war upon the Government, forfeited
all rights on the part of those States. Mr.
President, was that the view which Congress
took in 1861? In the month of .July, 1861,
after the first battle of Manassas, did the Con-
gress of the United States entertain the opin-
ion that this Union had been dissolved ? No,
sir.
There was no declaration of war unless the
declaration made by Congress of the objects
and principles upon which it was prosecuted
be considered such. Why, sir, had not this
country a very serious difficulty with the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain because that Govern-
ment acknowledged the southern States to be
belligerents? If they were out of the Union
they were a distinct and separate nation, and
Great Britain had the right to acknowledge
them as belligerents. That difficulty has not
yet been fully adjusted. We have denied that
they were belligerents or that that Government
had any right to recognize them as such.
Then upon what clause of the Constitution
was this war prosecuted? Not upon the power
to make war, because there was no declaration
of it; but upon the power to suppress insur-
rection, to execute the laws, and to repel inva-
sion. If there is any other portion of the Con-
stitution under which this civil conflict was
conducted, I have been unable to discover it.
If the Union had been dissolved by the ordi-
nances of secession would the war have been
fought to suppress insurrection or to repel
invasion or to execute the laws ? Does not
the fact that insurrection and the execution
of the laws negative the idea of a dissolution ?
The declaration which Congress made on the
24th of July, 1861. and which was proposed by
the present President of the United States,
then a Senator from the State of Tennessee,
after the first battle, was in these words:
" lieeohvd la the Senate, That the present deplor-
able civil war has been forced upon the country by
the disunionists of the southern States now in arms
against the constitutional (government, and in arms
around the Capital; thftt, in this national emergency,
Congress, banishing all feeling of mere passion or
resentment, will recollect only its duty to the whole
country; that this war is not waged on their part in
any spirit of oppression, or for any purpose of con-
quest or subjugation, or purpose of overthrowing or
interfering with the rights or established institu-
tions of thoso States, but to defend and maintain the
supremacy of the Constitution, a.nd to preserve the
Union with all the dignity, equality, and rights of-
the several 8iate^ luiiinpared; and that as soon as
these objects are accomplished the war ought tu
eeaso."
It was not prosecutcd on the part of the
United States for conquest or subjugation, pot
to interfere with any of the established institu-
tions of the southern States, but merely towe-
serve the Union and the supremacy of the Con-
stitution.- The Constitution is the supreme- law
of the land ; and it was to enforce the suprem-
acy of that law that the war was waged. Daw
is a-rule of action. That rule must have been
binding upon the southern States when this
declaration was issued, or the supremacy of
the law could not have been asserted over
them. - Then it was to assert the supremacy of
this Constitution and of this law over those
States that this declaration of Congress was
made. It was not for the purpose of subjuga-
tion, but merely to maintain and enforce the
law, a law which bound the southern States,
and was supreme because constitutional. It
was for the execution of that law by all the
power of the Government that the war was
prosecuted, and not for the purpose of subju-
gation or of conquest. Congress did not then
consider that the Union was dissolved, or that
the southern States had forfeited any rights
which they had under the G-overnment. On
the contrary, they asserted that whenever the
law was practically admitted to be supreme
the war should cease; that it was not prose-
cuted for the purpose of impairing the dignity,
equality, and rights of the southern States. It
recognized those Stales as in the Union, and
said that as soon as the war ceased they should
have the same dignity, the same equality, and
the same rights unimpaired that they had when
the conflict commenced. That was the declara-
tion Congress made, not only to the southern
States, but to the whole nation ; a declaration
upon which the war was fought; and 1 say it
could not have been successfully fought upon
any other principles.
Mr. President, if this bill passes, what be-
comes ofthe "dignity" of the southern States?
Have they the same dignity that New York,
Pennsylvania, or other States have in this
Union? When they are commanded before
their admission to accept the constitutional
amendment, and never to alter or change their
organic law; that before they shall be admit-
ted here, they shall be deprived and forever
deprived of the right to amend their constitu-
tions, so as to make a distinction in regard to
suffrage on the ground of race or color—is
that the dignity of which the resolution of
Congress spoke? Are those the equal rights
which the other States possess, and which were
meant by Congress when it passed this resolu-
tion ? Are these the rights which the southern
States possessed when the rebellion commenced
and when this proclamation of Congress was
made? They are asked to come in not upon
equal terms, not having the same dignity, not
having equality of rights with the other States.
I heard it said—-I think it was by the honor-
able Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] when
discussing the Arkansas bill—that Arkansas
should be admitted because Congress had
offered inducements to Arkansas, had made
propositions to her. She had complied with
all those propositions except one, which had
reference to the ratification of the fourteenth
article of amendment to the Constitution : but
that, as Arkansas had done all she could by a
compliance with the propositions which Con-
gress had submitted, therefore she ought to be
received. Apply that doctrine to the amend-
ment now before the Senate for the admission
of Alabama. The amendment proposes to
admitthat State, not because she has complied
with the propositions submitted to her by that
body, but because she has not complied witk
them. Arkansas was to be admitted because
she had complied, and Alabama is now to be
admitted becansc she has not complied. The
one complied with the requisitions of the law,
and the other has not complied with those
requisitions.
l'h en upon what ground can Alabama be
admitted ? It must be upon the ground of the
