446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
Under whose teachings came about that terrible
riot in New York, where with lawless violence
the mob destroyed property and shot down in
the streets innocent men. women, and children?
Members of the Democratic party. Who dis-
couraged enlistments, opposed the draft, said
that coercion against secession was a sin, and
that the war was a failure ? The very leaders
of the Democratic party who are now aspiring
to the office of President.
Now, if gentlemen believe that the people
have lost Paradise I assure them that they
will never attempt to regain it by placing the
Democratic party in power. Sir, this new-
born child of freedom never will be throttled
by its Democratic enemies. You may attempt
to dam the Nile with bulrushes, to roll back
the waters which take their fearful leap over
the rocks of Niagara, but you never can
destroy the effulgence of that bright new star
which has arisen bright and clear above the
cloud which has ever threatened our institu-
tions.
Sir, the people, the Republican party, have
placed their feet upon the rock of freedom,
and there they will stand. Walking with the
great hero and greater man who through and
with them achieved the most noble and glo-
rious victory that the world has ever seen,
though it may be through the shadow of the
dark valley, yet fearing n« evil, affiliating with
no unrepentant, traitors, they will come forth
the grand representative of the grandest, the
most powerful, and the freest nation the sun
ever shone upon. Sir, it comes with bad grace,
after the record which has been made by the
Democratic party, for the gentlemen upon the
other side of the House to accuse the Repub-
lican party of corruption and fraud.
But I see that my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] is waiting impatiently to resume the
floor. I have perhaps traveled outside of
legitimate debate upon this question, yet we
all know that whisky is rather an exciting sub-
ject. I thank the chairman of the committee
for the time he has given me, and hope his
proposition will receive the favorable consid-
eration of the House.
Mr. SCHENCK resumed the floor.
Mr. CHANLER. I desire to move an
amendment to this joint resolution.
The SPEAKER. No amendment is now
in order, the previous question having been
seconded and the main question ordered.
Mr. CHANLER. Then 1 would ask the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] a ques-
tion. Has his attention been drawn to the
fact that no limit has been put upon the sum
to be expended in carrying out the object of
this joint resolution? I thinic some amount
should be fixed here.
Mr. SCHENCK. I should have no' objec-
tion to that, though I am willing to trust that
matter to the commission which will sit only
a month. But as the joint resolution now
stands it is not in my power to modify it.
The subject of this discussion is meters, in-
struments intended for measuring the strength
and and quantity of distilled spirits. I think
it necessary to notify the House of that fact.
[Laughter.] Now, what there is in whisky
which occasions us always when we come to
a discussion about it to run into an inquiry
about the fundamental principles of the Dem-
ocratic party [renewed laughter] I will leave
gentlemen on the other side to answer the
question. It may be because of the attraction
of affinity. But I have not willingly led the
discussion away from the consideration of the
joint resolution reported from the Committee
of Ways and Means to the consideration of
the respective merits of the Democratic party
and of the Republican party, or into an in-
quiry of what responsibility attaches to either
of them.
However, before I speak about the joint reso-
lution itself, it is perhaps but proper that I
should protest, in the briefest manner, against
the ground which has been taken by the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] and
others against this joint resolution as one of
the means for detecting frauds or enabling the
Government successfully to collect its revenue.
He takes the broad ground that meters and every
device that can be invented are of no im-
portance whatever, and that the only possible
way to collect the revenue from whisky or from
any other source is to return to the old Demo-
crac party and its principles. Well, I am not
willing to believe that. I concur entirely in
what has been said by my friend from Vermont
[Mr. Woodbridge] as an answer to any such
proposition. And besides, there would be
great difficulty in returning to the old Demo-
cratic party or to the principles of that party.
If we should be willing to attempt to do so
how can we satisfy ourselves what is the party
and what are its principles ? In the first place,
look at the party as indicated by its represent-
ative men.
Mr. BROOKS. I have heretofore refrained
from making a point of order on this debate.
But I must make the point of order now unless
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means confines himself to the subject before
the House. I think the character of the debate
yesterday and to-day is objectionable in others,
and it certainly cannot be pardonable in him.
Mr. SCHENCK. I admit that all this is
wandering from the regular discussion, but I
am only referring to what others have said in
the debate.
The SPEAKERpro tempore, [Mr. Perham.]
The point of order having been made, the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] will confine
himself to the subject under consideration.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well. I should like
to say a word or two in reply to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall,] but if it is
objectionable to gentlemen on the other side I
will not do it.
Sir, it is true that mechanical ingenuity has
reached such a point in this country that our
Yankee brethren sometimes produce ingenious
pieces of mechanism, which in their opera-
tion appear almost to have intelligence. I
remember very well while on a recent visit to !
Lowell I saw machinery in operation which,
from the accuracy and regularity of its move-
ments seemed to be almost inspired by intelli-
gence. I was compelled to stand almost in awe
in the presence of those machines, because
they seemed so human I do not believe, how-
ever, that one of them would have voted the
Democratic ticket. [Laughter.] I do not
believe that the meters will take sides with
either one side or the other. Therefore, Mr.
Speaker, what we propose ought not to be
drawn into a political controversy in this
way, because I presume gentlemen on" both
sides are desirous to aid the committee in
any reasonable attempt that can be made
to enforce the collection of the revenues
properly due to the people of the country in
order to enable them to carry on their Gov-
ernment.
Now, what have we proposed npon the sub-
ject of these meters, and why have we proposed
it? The gentleman from New York, [Mr. Van
Wyck,] who so violently, I may almost say,
opposes the adoption of the resolution, urges
several objections. The first is that the whole
subject has had sufficient investigation. I
replied to the gentleman upon that point yes-
terday, and I but repeat now when I now say
that there has never been any investigation of
this matter by a regularly organized commis-
sion except since April last, and that by two
commissioners appointed by the Treasury
Department under the law as it now exists,
which prohibited them, as well as the Secretary
of the Treasury, from looking to the selection
or adoption of any meter except one which
should measure the strength and quantity of
spirits when produced. Now, inasmuch as
ingenuity has been busy since April last and
many kinds of meters upon different principles,
'all aiming at accuracy of measurement, have
been produced, some of them perhaps not
merely to measure the product of the still, but
to measure and determine the quality of the
preparation of the grain before itis sent to the
still, thus enabling any one to ascertain how
much the product of that grain ought to be,
we thinkthecommission should be empowered,
as this resolution proposes, to inquire into these
different kinds of meters and to determine, if
any meter is to be adopted, whether the two
species of meters may not be adopted in com-
bination, in orderto accomplish the desired end.
Mr. WOOD. May I ask the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Schenck]
a question ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether he understands that the adoption and
application of the meter to a distillery for the
purpose of gauging the quantity of whisky
manufactured is any protection for the revenue
where the officer of the Government and the
distiller act in collusion ; whether, in the judg-
ment of the gentleman, the mere application
of a meter to a distillery will prevent fraud.
' Mr. SCHENCK. I will answer that I do
not think it possible for us to frame human
law in such a way that fraud shall not be com-
mitted if all parties engaged in administering
the law unite in collusion to commit fraud.
But I say this, and I said it in substance yes-
1 terday, that by using these ingenious mechan-
ical devices we narrow the field within which
fraud may be committed, thus making detec-
; tion much more probable.
Now I will state to the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] the practice under the law.
The whisky runs from the worm of the still,
and after some hours it finds its way, gene-
: rally the next morning, being the running of the
day before, into what is called " warehouse
A." But it is found that in many cases the
liquor is spirited away in the night; it is taken
away by collusion between the inspector and
the distiller. The officer and the parties inter-
j ested in the whisky contrive together various
means for getting that whisky out of the way
without payment or charge of the tax upon it.
If you go the next morning to make an honest
examination of the circumstances you may
j look all over the ground and you cannot tell
whether carts have carried away the whisky or
barrels have been rolled out or what may have
taken place. But if you have a meter there,
arranged to indicate by a dial-plate the exact
measurement of the production, so that it will
be indicated unless there is some tampering
with the meter, you do not have to look over
the whole premises to find that which is undis-
coverable in almost every instance by any
traces left behind. You look simply at the
meter. Thus the field of inspection is nar-
rowed and the chances increased of finding
out whether fraud has been committed. This,
as we suppose, is the great advantage to be
anticipated from these meters.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman allow me
to make a single suggestion?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir. _
Mr. WOOD. I apprehend it will be neces-
sary to have an officer of the Government
examine the meter every morning. Now, we
have already under existing laws and the
regulations of the Department safeguards of
equal efficiency. There can be no fraud now
except by collusion between the officer of the
Government and the distiller. I cannot con-
ceive, therefore, sir, when these meters must
be examined by the inspector—and we have to
depend upon the honesty of the inspector—
there will be any result different from that
already.
Mr. SCHENCK. We may have a succession
of inspectors. We may change from time to
time. There may be various devices resorted
to. All I claim is you narrow the field for
operations c|f dishonest men and make detec-
tion more practicable. Now let me put a fact
to you. The Tice meter we have not pro-
nounced a failure. The gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Woodbridge] is mistaken. We say
the Tice meter was adopted before it was even
yet brought to its present condition of perfection
which he claims for it. In the mean time
other ingenious devices have been invented,
