1830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
came to this portion of the bureau tliey found
this same number of blanks a year ago or
more—twenty-eight hundred in one instance,
thirty-seven hundred in another. The com-
mittee of inquiry took them out of the charge
of the Printing Bureau, that bureau, as the
committee knew, having been charged for each
of those blanks with the denomination that
was to be engraved upon them. They counted
them, and carried out the denomination that
was to have been attached to each; they folded
them and sent them to a Mr. Root, who is chief
of a bureau in the registry department. Ho
took them and counted them, and passed them
to Mr. Seller, who is another chief clerk in the
Treasurer's department, having charge of the
cash account. He took them and put them in
his safe and locked them up. These blank
sheets had some characterand sacrednessabout
them, because of the denominational value
that was fixed upon them.
When these blanks were first taken and put
in the Printing Bureau, they were kept there
for some time until the question arose as to
what was to be done with them. The ques-
tion was referred to the Secretary of the
Treasury, who ordered that these blanks
should be destroyed. A counting committee
of three, representing three different officials,
the Secretary, the Treasurer, and the Register,
counted these blanks. They were then turned
over to a committee of four, consisting of
three persons representing these three officials,
and one specially appointed by the Secretary
from citizens outside ; and these blanks were
placed in charge of Mr. Neale, the individual
to whom the gentleman from Illinois has re-
ferred. He, not having had occasion to de-
stroy blanks to that extent, and not knowing
anything about it, instituted an investigation.
He went from one to the other and found all
these facts, and when he (bund all these facts
he said he would not sign the certificate of
destruction until he had a certificate from the
committee of destruction saying these were
not bonds, but blanks. Every branch of the
Treasury Department was consulted to know
the facts of this case, so that no strange fraud
should be predicated upon such a state of
things.
Besides all that, the paper to which I called
the attention of the House, and which had on
the top of its page "registered bonds," not
only shows that they were registered, but those
they belonged to; so that no registered bonds
could have been put through and the Treasury
cheated and defrauded as was insinuated.
^ Every registered bond is registered in the
Treasurer's office, and the name of every per-
son to whom it belongs. It cannot be trans-
ferred from one party to another without the
agency of that office. How is it possible,
therefore, that $18.0'10.000 of bonds sent in for
destruction could have been put into anybody's
pocket, and blanks destroyed in their stead?
If these had been bonds sent in for extinction
they would have been punched, and then, of
course, would have been of no use in the market.
I wish to say in this connection that it was the
duty of this House, in view of the remarks of
the gentleman from Illinois 
Mr. LOGAN. I hope you will allow me to
have a few minutes in reply.
Mr. VAN WYCIC. I will not cut you off.
I will not cut any gentleman off.
I have felt it to be my duty to make this
explanation. It was necessary that the coun-
try should be relieved from a wrong impres-
sion. There can be no question as to what
was the effect of the statement of the gentle-
man from Illinois. I believed, the House and
the country believed, from the statement that
was made, that $18,000,000 had been abstracted
from the Treasury and put into somebody's
pocket through some process like that which
had been insinuated. It was all a mistake, as
I think I have shown to the satisfaction of the
House.
lhe gentleman was only seeking after the
truth. I felt it to be my duty, not as a mem-
ber of this House, not as a member of Con-
gress, but as a citizen of the American nation,
to inquire into the truth of the charge be had
made. I knew the impression he had left
upon the country. I went to General Spin-
ner with my colleague, [Mr. Laflin.] AVben
we questioned General Spinner he said that he
never believed there was any fraud. He swore
to that. He said he thought it was wrong to
destroy this blank paper, and so it was, un-
less to carry out this theory of printing the
bonds. He said that he was under the impres-
sion it was wrong to destroy this blank paper.
That is what he swore to. He never said
there was fraud anywhere in that transaction.
The House asked me to give a speedy report,
and as soon as I learned the facts I did so,
without calling in question in the least the
motives of the gentleman. The gentleman is
as anxious as I was and as the committee was
to be saved from the consequences of his mis-
take. He had been drawn iuto a wrong im-
pression from the manner in which the facts
bad been related to him. I wanted the coun-
try to know what the facts were, so that the
country should not continue in the wrong
impression produced by his speech. I found
these facts, and I did not hide them under a
bushel. I related the facts so everybody should
know and the error that had been committed
should be corrected as soon as possible. It
was my duty that the wrong done should be
righted. If I had not done so I should have
deserved the indignation of the American
people.
1 now yield the floor to my friend and col-
league from New York.
Mr. LAFLIN. I yield the floor to the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Welker] for a moment
or two.
Mr. WELKER. I desire to make a sugges-
tion. This debate is taking a pretty wide range,
and as, perhaps, a wrong impression may be
gathered from the remarks made here that the
committee are desirous of suppressing the evi-
dence that was taken in this investigation, I
will say, so far as I am coucerned, as a mem-
ber of the committee, I wish to disabuse the
House of any such idea. The committee at
their meeting, not over an hour ago, distinctly
agreed that the evidence should be reported
with the report. I thought that should be done
in justice to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Louan,] who had a right to have the evidence
brought before the House. I presume that
the chairman of the committee was so much
crowded for time, having been required to make
this report so soon, that he was not able to get
a copy of the evidence taken before the com-
mittee. In justice to the rest of the commit-
tee, I desire that the House should understand
this. As to the personal controversy between
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Van Wyck]
and the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan, J
the other members of the committee are not
involved in it. But if the House desires to
have the evidence printed in order to see
whether the report is sustained by the evidence,
the committee are willing it should be done.
Mr. LAFLIN. Mr. Speaker, if I correctly
understand the remarks of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] he intended to convey
the impression—and if 1 am mistaken I have
no doubt he will correct me—that my colleague
[Mr, V^in' Wyck] and myseif had been instru-
mental in conveying a statement to the public
that stamped his statement on the floor of the
House as false. Am I correct in that?
Mr. LOGAN. I intended to convey this
impression : that the telegraphicdispatch stated
that the gentleman and his colleague [Mr. Van
Wyck] had called and investigated the mat-
ter, and that the statement I made was un-
founded. That is exactly what I said.
Mr. LAFLIN. If I correctly understand
the gentleman now—for I stand responsible
here for the truth of the telegraphic dispatch—
he means to convey the impression that that
dispatch stamped the statement which he made
on the floor of the House as false.
Mr. LOGAN. You stand by that?
Mr. LAFLIN. What?
Mr. LOGAN. Do you mean to say my
statement was false?
Mr. LAFLIN. Excuse me ; I say you in-
tended to convey the impression to the House
that the telegraphic statement issued under
the authority of my colleague and myself made
your statement false. That is what I under-
stood you to say.
Mr. LOGAN. I will tell you what the dis-
patch did say.
Mr. LAFLIN. Excuse me; will you be
kind enough to give a positive, direct answer?
I have the dispatch.
Mr. LOGAN. Read it then.
Mr. LAFLIN. Will you be kind enough to
say whether you intended to convey the im-
pression that my colleague and myself gave
any authority to send a dispatch which gave an
impression that your statement made here was
false ?
Mr. LOGAN. I said nothing about giving
authority.
Mr. LAFLIN. Well, that the telegraph dis-
patch gave a false impression ?
Mr. LOGAN. I said it charged that what
I said was without foundation.
Mr. LAFLIN. All right then.
Mr. LOGAN. Which it certainly did.
Mr. LAFLIN. That is all I wish. I may
be more impressible and unsophisticated than
a majority of this House, but I am willing to
submit to the good sense and good judgment
of my associates on this floor whether or not
the impression was not left upon the minds of
members, after the gentleman from Illinois
had concluded his remarks, that he believed a
great wrong upon the Treasury of the United
States had been perpetrated at the Treasury
Department, and that we had good reason for
apprehending that such a wrong had been per-
petrated.
Mr. LOGAN. I will state, now, that I did
believe it; and not only that, but I am not yet
satisfied in regard to it.
Mr. LAFLIN. I am glad to know thea, iliafc
we who believed that the gentleman from Illi-
nois had conveyed that impression were not
mistaken. Now, sir, knowing what would be
the effect of the general circulation of a state-
ment to the effect that the Treasury of the
United States was being robbed, not of thou-
sands but of millions of dollars, I, for one, felt
it to be my duty, in view of my relations with
General Spinner, who was formerly the Rep-
resentative of my district upon this floor, and
who is now one of my constituents, I felt it to
be my duty, a duty I owed to the public, to in-
quire at the very earliest moment what this
charge meant; and therefore, without any con-
sultation with any one, without any indication
from any member of the Committee on Re-
trenchment, I called upon General Spinner at
his office, and he told me the facts which were
embodied in the telegraphic dispatch. Upon
my return to the hotel I met my colleague, [Mr.
Van \Vyck,] and I made known to him what
I had learned. He told me that he wanted
me to return with him to General Spinner that
he might also learn the facts. I did so, and he
made tu us the statement which we authorized
to be sent through the country telegraphically.
Having had this statement twice from General
Spinner, I felt authorized to announce to the
country what that statement was, and I think
that if the gentleman from Illinois hfjd scanned
with a little more care what that statement was
he certainly would not have found th-3 slightest
occasion to complain of the connection of either
my colleague or myself with that telegraphic
dispatch.
Before I sit down I intend to read that dis-
patch to the House, but before I do so I want
to say here that there is not one single word
in that dispatch which a fair and candid man
can interpret into any reflection upon the per-
sonal character of the gentleman from Illinois;
that it in no measure reflects upon the state-
ment that he made here, and that it was made
