2854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Juiie^
Mr. SCHENCK. I move- to amend the
amendment so as not to strike out the word
"and " before " oils.'' I do this for the pur-
pose of saying that the object of my colleague
on the Committee qf Ways and Means [Mr.
Hooper, of Massachusetts,] must be obvious
to this committee. It is to present a test ques-
tion whether mineral oils shall or shall not
continue to pay a tax of ten cents per gallon.
Now, I think, and I will so suggest to the
gentleman, that perhaps it would be better to
reserve this question for the consideration of
a fuller committee than we now have. If we
divide upon it now, we will do so at the risk
of finding ourselves without a quorum; we
will do so with a very thin committeee, at
all events. It is a question of some import-
ance, of so much importance that I thitfk wc
ought not to dispose of it without a division.
Now, I do not say this because I am entirely
opposed to this amendment. I have been grad-
ually drifting to the conclusion, having reduced
the tax on mineral oils from twenty cents to
ten cents per gallon, yielding us a revenue of
a little over two million dollars, that that
amount of revenue can be made up by putting
mineral oils in among other general manufac-
tures which pay a special tax of ten dollars,
and a tax of two tenths of one per cent, on all
sales over $5,000, thus making a saving by
getting rid of all the machinery now provided in
reference to the transportation of mineral oils.
Now, I suggest that as the gentleman has
indicated the view he takes of the matter by
the motion he has made, it would be well for
him to withdraw his amendment at this time ;
and if we strike out the other provisions of the bill
providing for the tax on mineral oils, and have
them, as they would, to take their place among
other general manufactures, we can, by com-
mon consent, turn back here and make the
necessary change.
Mi-. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
consent to the proposition of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] amj withdraw my
amendment, with the understanding that if the
change I have indicated is hereafter made in
the sections imposing a tax upon mineral oils,
I shall then be allowed to renew this amend-
ment to this section.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope unanimous con-
sent will be given for that purpose.
"No objection was made; and the amend-
ment was accordingly withdrawn.
No further amendment was offered to the
section.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 5. And be it further enactcd, That separate
accounts shall be kept of nil moneys received from
internal taxes in eacli of the respective States and
collcction districts, and of the amount collected from
each subject of taxation, so as to exhibit, as far as
may be, the amount received from each source of
revenue, with the moneys paid as compensation and
for allowances to the collectors and deputy collect-
ors, assessors and assistant assessors, inspectors, and
other officers employed in each of the respective
States and collection districts, an abstract in tabu-
lar form of which accounts it shall be the duty of
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, annually, in
the month of December, to lay before Congress.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by strik-
ing out in the section just read the word " in-
spectors." It has been put in by some inad-
vertence, as we propose to dispense with
inspectors.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next section was read as follows:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue shall have power to
appoint and remove all collectors, assessor?, assistant
assessors, supervisors of internal revenue, inspectors,
gaugers, storekeepers, and other officers and clerks
provided for in this act, who shall severally give bond
for the faithful performance of their duties, as may
be required by law.
Mr. SCHENCK. By direction of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
Strike out after the words "internal revenue" the
words " inspectors, gangers, storekeepers, and other
officers and clerks provided for in this act, who shall
severally give bond for the faithful performance of
their duties as may be required by law," and insert
in lieu thereof the words, "(causers, storekeepers,
and other officers and clerks employed in the internal
revenue service. except as otherwise provided for in
this act," so that the section will read as follows:
That the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall
have powor to appoint and remove all collectors,
assessors, assistant assessors, supervisors of internal
revenue, gaugers, storekeepers, and other officers
and clcrks employed in the internal revenue service,
except as otherwise provided for in this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PILE. I move further to amend this
section, as follows:
Strike out the words "collectors, assessors," and
after the word "that," where it first occurs, insert
the following:
" All collectors and assessors of internal revenue
shall be appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, and;" so that the
section will read as tollows:
That all collectors and assessors of internal reve-
nue shall be appointed by the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, and the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue shall have power to
appoint and remove all assistant assessors, super-
visors of internal revenue, gaugers, storekeepers,
and other officers and clerks employed in the internal
revenue service, except as otherwise provided for in
this act.
Mr. Chairman, my object in offering this
amendment is to leave the appointment of
assessors and collectors as it now stands under
existing laws, giving to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, the head of this department,
if this bill should become a law, the appoint-
ment of all the subordinate officers. I have
doubts as to the propriety of giving to the head
of this department authority to appoint, without
the advice and consent of the Senate, so many
and so important officers, embracing the col-
lectors and assessors of internal revenue in all
the districts of this country. Itissuch power as,
I believe, is not possessed or exercised by any
other Department of the Government. While
I can see that there are at the present time
reasons for this provision which may not exist
a year hence, while difficulties in the collec-
tion of the revenue may arise from permitting
these assessors and collectors still to be ap-
pointed and removed as they now'are, I think
we shall find ourselves in greater difficulty if,
after erecting the Bureau of Internal Revenue
into a department, we make the appointment
and removal of all these officers subject to the
will of one man -without the advice or concur-
rence of any other department of the Govern-
ment, and that man not, perhaps, the present
incumbent, but some other individual who may
be appointed to his place by the present Exec-
utive of this nation.
I simply offer the amendment as a test amend-
ment on this point, and shall not press it if not
sustained by the majority of the committee.
Mr. SC1IENCK. 1 accept the amendmentas
a test; and it is a very important one. The gen-
tleman from Missouri thinks it dangerous to
give to the head of a bureau the appointment
of assessors and collectors. He is willing to
give the appointment of subordinate officers,
except assessors and collectors, to theheadof
the bureau; but assessors and collectors he
desires shall be appointed by the President, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
That is the way they are now appointed ; and
beautifully it is done ! It is another of those
difficulties which arise from the fact that the
responsibility is not felt as responsibility ought
to be felt, if we are going to have the revenue
department administered with the energy ne-
cessary to collect the taxes.
The gentleman may say there is a distinction
between these officersand others ; that they are"
more important than others, and therefore
should be confirmed by the Senate on the nomi-
nation of the President. Why, sir, we have this
anomaly existing now. While assessors and
collectors are nominated by the President and
confirmed by the Senate before they can be
commissioned, there, is a class of officers called
special agents appointed by the Secretary of
the Treasury, the head of the Department
alone exercising vastly more power than the
collectors and assessors. We have not only sent
special agents to all parts of the country to
range over the collection districts and to thrust
aside the collectors and assessors and perform
the duties of both of these officers, but there
is another provision that a collector under
commission by the Senate may be transferred
by the head of the Department to any other col-
lection district to which he has not been ap-
pointed in any partof the United States. Such
officers are in collection districts to-day doing
the duty appertaining to regular officers.
Mr. WARD. Suppose this section should
become a law, and the present incumbent
should be suspended during the recess of Con-
gress, would not the ad interim appointee re-
move and fill the places of every collector and
assessor?
Mr. SCHENCK. By the first section he
cannot be suspended except by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate. There is
specific legislation; but these gentlemen rate
more highly than I do the Senate confirma-
tion.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. Pile's amendment was rejected.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to strike out the
sixth section; and I desire to call the atten-
tion of the committee to its provisions. It
declares that the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue shall have power to appoint and re-
move all collectors, assessors, assistant assess-
ors, supervisors of internal revenue, inspectors,
gaugers, storekeepers, and other officers and
clerks provided for in this act, who shall sev-
erally give bond for the faithful performance
of their duties as may be required by law.
This section, to use the language which my
colleague [Mr. Suhexck] applied to another
subject, is the soul of the first section. The first
is the body, of which the sixth section is the
.soul. Now, I desire to call the attention of
the committee*o its provisions.
There are now in the revenue service of
the United States twenty-one hundred and
five officers, who are appointed by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate. There
are two thousand and four others, as I gather
from the gentleman's statement in his speech.
He will correct rue if I am wrong. There are
two hundred and forty-three assessors and two
hundred and forty-three collectors, two hun-
dred and thirty-eight revenue inspectors, two
hundred and sixty-eight special inspectors of
spirits, and so on, making up aiotal of-twenty-
one hundred and five not now appointed by
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue. In
the third section there is provided that officers
and clerks to the number of two hundred and
four—I am not quite clear but I am under-
estimating it, but the gentleman will correct
me if I am wrong—to be appointed by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. There
were forty-one hundred and nine officials in
the revenue department during last year, at a
total salary of $6,500,000.
Mr. BLAINE. Collecting $200,000,000 of
revenue.
Mr. GARFIELD. These persons have the
sole charge, according to this bill, of the assess-
ment and collection of $200,000,000. This bill
proposes to put the whole internal revenue of
this country into the hands of one man—the
entire power of appointment and removal at
pleasure, without the consent, let, or hinder-
ance of any mortal man. All these four thou-
sand people, receiving an aggregate salary of
$0,500,000, have the control of the assessment
and collection of $200,000,000.
I mean further to say that such a proposi-
|j tion as putting this power into the hands of
II any one man I have not heard of in the his-
!j tory of this Government down to this hour,
j| Suppose Mr. Rollins should die, and the day
ji after his death the President of the Uniteci
States should appoint any creature of his
j, choice, and suppose the man so appointed to
j! that place should choose to take three thou-
ij sand men out of the Tombs and other prisons
|; of the country for his subordinates. Of course
11 this is a violent supposition; but suppose he
;! should attempt to fill the entire revenue de-
ll partment with rascals. The entire amount of
| the revenue is then in the hands of just such
j1 villains as any one bad man may appoint,
h One thought more. The talk of the tremen-
ii dous power of the whisky ring. What will that
