1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2850
ring be in comparison with the ring that will
control all this revenue, not only all the whisky
tax, but all other proceeds of the Internal Rev-
enue Department of this Government? The
proposition appears to me monstrous in its
effect upon the future of this country, and I am
unwilling to legislate to set in motion all this
vast new and untried machinery just because
we have a President and Secretary of the Treas-
ury to be in office only for a few months longer
whom some of us do not like. I among the
number. I hope this section will be stricken
out.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, collectors
and assessors of revenue are now nominated
by the President and appointed by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate. But all
these thousands of officers, without the reduc-
tion of some seventeen hundred that we pro-
pose in our bill, are now appointed by the
Secretary of the Treasury without such con-
firmation by the Senate. Not a word does the
gentleman say about all these thousands in the
custom-house and elsewhere. The gentleman
has had no alarm on account of the Secretary
of the Treasury possessing too much power
over them; but when we propose to take a
part of them away and diminish that part by
reducing very considerably the number and
giving the appointment of them to the head of
another department to be created, then the
country is to be alarmed at this monstrous
attempt.
Mr. HIGBY. A single question. Is it not
charged that they are rascals now?
Mr. SCHENCK. Oh, I do not care whether
they are rascals or not. I am replying to
the argument of my colleague. These subor-
dinate officers are not confirmed now by the
Senate. They are appointed now by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and the gentleman is
afraid that somebody else will have the appoint-
ment of part of them. I do not see the con-
sistency of his argument. I do not see why
this alarm has not been sounded throughout
the country before this time. Sir, we have
sounded it; we have said that the Treasury
Department has grown up, has become inflated
to such an extent in the amount of its patron-
age, has been brought to such an inconvenient
condition from the fact that the Secretary as
one head of it is not able to give his personal
attention and responsibility if he undertakes
faithfully to do his duty as to all these ramified
powers vested in him, that it would be better
to aggregate a part of them, reduce the num-
ber of subordinates, and put them under some-
body who shall be able to have the immediate
supervision and control of them, because he
will be directing the particular duties in which
they are to be employed. That is the whole
proposition. It is to bring down in some
degree, to divide, to distribute, to make secure,
to bring under more distinct light and obser-
vation a portion of the duties of that officer,
the power over which has been heretofore
wielded by the Secretary of the Treasury.
That is what we propose.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. Ititnotin order at this
time to move an amendment for the purpose
of perfecting the section ?
The CHAIRMAN. That is now in order.
Mr. INGERSOLL, I move, then, to add
after the word "removed," in line two, the
following : " bv and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, and not otherwise then
m line three, to add the word " and" between
the words " collectors" and " assessors," and
then after the word assessors, in line three, to
add " and shall have full power to appoint and
remove all assistant assessors, supervisors of
internal revenue, gaugers," &c.
Mr. BLAINE. He cannot make nomina-
inations to the Senate.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, I would rather
leave it there for three or four months. My
object is that we shall not destroy the whole
system that we have lived under so far and go
to something which is entirely antagonistic to
our past system, so radical that without a trial
the gentleman who has charge of this bill can-
not imagine what the possible result might be.
We have in some form or other collected rev-
enue, internal or external, from the foundation
of the Government, and I feel somewhat of the
foreboding of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] when I contemplate the placing of
this immense power in the hands of the man
who is at the head of the revenue bureau. Not
that he is a dangerous man in himself, but some-
thing may transpire which shall remove him
from the duties of that office in less than ten
days, perhaps in a single day; and who have
we got there then to administer this office ?
I do not believe that any person under this
Government ought to have the power of ap-
pointing the assessors and collectors of this
internal revenue except the President; not
bccause of the present President, but because
I hope we are to have a better President in
time, and not many months hence. Why is it
necessary to legislate here in regard to this
great interest now? Two months of consider-
ation and legislation in this House and in the
Senate will probably be required to perfect
this bill. There will then remain of the pres-
ent President's term perhaps six months, and
you are going to revolutionize the entire system
of the Government for the sake of adminis-
tering the internal revenue department under
a different system for some six months, and
after the expiration of those six months it is
expected you will bring in a bill to repeal the
whole thing and place the appointing power
back where it now is, in the hands of the Pres-
ident. I am, therefore, opposed to it, and I
want to so amend the section as that the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue shall have full
power over the appointment of these inferior
officers, but not of assessors and collectors.
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois for
the reason that any amendment that partially
cures the evils of this section, in my judgment,
will only make it more difficult to strike the
whole section out.
I need not repeat to my colleague [Mr.
Schexck] that I dislike, perhaps more than
any other man upon this floor, to differ with
him; but it seems to me that in carrying us
into the principle, of this section he is trying a
scheme which 110 man can see the end of.
Now, the fact that my colleague has alleged
has strengthened the point I made. He said
that I had understated the figures in one par-
ticular to the extent of seventeen hundred. I
answer that that makes my case stronger, be-
cause, instead of four thousand, that makes
nearly six thousand persons who are to be
appointed by this one man.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman misunder-
stood me. I said that we propose about sev-
enteen hundred less than the number that he
wants to keep for the Secretary of the Treasury
to appoint.
Mr. GARFIELD. Very well; then I mis-
understood him.
Now, I must say to my colleague in the
utmost kindness that I do not consider it quite
fair in argument here, when we are talking
about the merits of such a bill as this, to inti-
mate that one who holds the views I hold upon
this subject is the peculiar champion of the
Secretary of the Treasury and to use such lan-
guage as •' the gentleman's beloved Secretary."
What have I said to eulogize the Secretary
of the Treasury or any other person? Most
of all am I unwilling to have anybody suppose
that I find the least fault with the conduct of
the present head of the Internal Revenue
Bureau.
The gentleman says there are only a few hun-
dred of these persons who are now appointed
by and with the advice of the Senate. _ Well,
sir, whatever few hundred there are, it is now
proposed to take from the Senate any voice in
their appointment, and from the day this bill
becomes a law the Senate of the United States
will have no control yhatever over the appoint-
ment, the removal, or the suspension ol a sin-
gle officer of the internal revenue, except this
very Commissioner himself; and in his case
only when there shall be a vacancy by death
or resignation.
We have thought it necessary for the pro-
tection of this Government to pass a bill known
as the tenure-of-office law. But here is a prop-
osition before us to take these five thousand
officers of the Government entirely out from
under the operation of the civil-tenure-of-
office law, and make them absolutely inde-
pendent both of us and of the Senate, at any
time when Congress may not be in session. I
shall feel that we have taken a larger load
upon our shoulders; that this Congress has
taken a heavier burden upon its back than any
Congress ever successfully carried, if we enact
this section into a law. I hope the section
will be stricken out.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I desire to say but a
word or two in reply to a remark of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ingersoll.] I
desire, as a member of the Committee of Ways
and Means, to say to him that if a single
member of that committee was influenced in
framing this bill by any reference to providing
against the present incumbent of the presi-
dential chair, or any other officer of this Gov-
ernment, I certainly failed to become aware
of it.
The Committee of Ways and Means were
actuated by a desire to provide in some man-
ner for the better collection of the revenues
of this Government. The developments that
came before us were such as to justify almost
any step whatever that they believed would result
in that improvement. I do not believe that
the committee had the slightest possible desire
to merely meet the emergency growing out of
the fact that any particular man now occupies
any particular office of this Government. For
one, I desire to repudiate entirely the idea the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] has
thrown out upon that point.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I move
that the committee now rise.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw that motion until I can modify
my amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I will with-
draw the motion for that purpose.
Mr. INGERSOLL. After I have modified
my amendment I hope I may be allowed to
say a word in reply to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Griswold.]
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Very well;_ I modify
my amendment so as only to strike out the
words "collectors, assessors," in the third
line of the section.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I renew the
motion that the committee now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Pomeroy re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the special order, being the bill
(II. R. No. 1080) to reduce into one act and
to amend the laws relating to internal taxes,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
enrolled joint resolution.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled, a joint resolu-
tion of the following title, when the Speaker
signed the same:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 278) to supply
books and public documents to the national
asylums for disabled volunteer soldiers.
miami and erie canal.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, presented the following communica-
tion, preamble, and resolutions:
State of Ohio, Executive Department.
Columbus, May 30,1868.
Sir- I have the honor to transmit herewith Joint
resolution M looking to a survey of the Miami and
