1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
331
40tii Coxg....2d Se33.
Representation m Congress—Mr. Vickers.
Senate.
absolute right of Congress to admit or rejcct.
without reference to the law which was sub
mitted to that State as a condition when she
held her election. If she can be admitted
because a majority of her registered voters
have not ratified the constitution where is the
necessity of requiring a majority of the votes
cast at the elections in the other States to
entitle them to admission? If Congress has
the power to say to Alabama, "You shall be
admitted because a majority of your people
have not ratified the constitution," it has (lie
same light to say to South Carolina and
the other States that they shall be admitted
although their majorities mayor may not be in
favor of the constitution. The fact that those
States gave a majority for the Constitution does
not alter the case nor vary the principle. If
they had given majorities against the constitu-
tion they could be admitted upon the same
principle and with the same propriety that it is
now proposed to admit Alabama. It resolves
itself into a question of power, and notof right.
If the proposition submitted to Arkansas, as
argued by the Senator from Ohio, should have
force, should not this proposition, also, submit-
ted to the whole country by Congress in 1801,
when it declared the purposes for which this
war was conducted? If the proposals of Con-
gress to Arkansas should have force, should
not these proposals submitted not only to the
South, but to the nation, be respected?
I understood the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] to say, in his discussion of the Ark-
ansas bill, that a State had a right to enter
into a compact to deprive itself of political
power ; that the States could divest themselves
of political power by a compact with the Gen-
eral Government. But can the people of a
State surrender the power to regulate suffrage?
Can it be possible that, a State can make a com-
pact for the surrender of that right which
affects the life of the State, which is the life
of the State, to the General Government? It
was well said by the honorable Senator fiom
Wisconsin that if a State surrenders her power
over suffrage she ceases to be republican.
But the provisions m the bill now betore the
Senate in regard to suffrage apply not only to
the election of President and members of the
lower House of Congress, but also to the elec-
tion of a State Legislature. Can it be said
that Congress has a right to prescribe terms to
a State which are to affect her internal condi-
tion, her local affairs, which have no connec-
tion with the General Government? Can it be
that Congress has a right to say to a State that
the qualifications of electors for her Legisla-
ture shall be of a certain description? _ Can a
State bind her people in future generations to
surrender a right which belongs to^ them as
well as to the present generation ?_ The power
over suffrage is inalienable. It is^ like some
other powers which are not the subject of con-
tract, and all compacts in reference to them
are nugatory and void.
It was said by the Senator from Vermont, in
llie discussion of the Arkansas bill, that a State
had a right to surrender a portion of her sov-
ereignty in regard to taxation, and also the
administration of justice. But could a State
government surrender to the General Govern-
ment the whole power of taxation over her
people? It would be impossible. Could she
surrenderto the General Government all power
over descents ? These are inalienable powers,
with which she cannot part. The cases cited
by him relate to partial taxation for benefits
received and the titles of individuals to certain
property, which do not ail'ect the sovereign
character of the Stale.
It must be recollected that the General Gov-
ernment is one of delegated and limited and
defined powers, not a nation as Great Britain
or France or Austria or Prussia. It received
its existence from the States for the purposes
of common defense, general welfaic, and the
security of liberty, and is hedged in by defined
boundaries. It is the creature of the States,
made by a surrender of certain of their powers
for specific purposes, the proper execution of
which was to inure to the mutual benefit of all
the States. It can exercise no power nor claim
any attributes of sovereignty inconsistent with
the independence, dignity, and equality of the
States. The idea that the child and creature'of
the Statesandthe people/of the States, created
and brought into being by their cooperation,
to preserve, protect, and defend the common
interests against foreign nations, and to pro-
mote the general welfare, should become the
master and monster to absorb the powers of
the States, takefromthem their chief attributes
of sovereignty, and degrade them, was never
before heard of. In the forty-fifth number of
the Federalist, written by Mr. Madison, I find
these words:
" The powers delegated by the proposed Constitu-
tion to the Federal Government arc few and defined.
Those which are to remain in the State governments
are numerous and indefinite. The former will be
exercised principally on external objects, as war,
peace, negotiation, and foreign commerce, with
which last the power of taxation will, for the most
part, be connected. The powers reserved to the sev-
eral States will extend to all the objects which, in
the ordinary course of affairs, concern the lives, lib-
erties, and properties of the people, and the internal
order, improvement, and prosperity of the State."
Here is a Government of limited powers,
expressed, defined, and bounded by provisions
of the Constitution, while the powers remaining
in the States are unlimited and indefinite ; and
now this Government of limited and defined
powers seeks to obtrude a constitution upon a
State of unlimited and undefined powers. Could
it be said that under the Articles of Confedera-
tion the Congress of the United States would
have such a power as is now claimed by this
Congress in regaid to imposing restrictions
upon a sovereign State? No such power was
given to the Confederacy, and no pretense was
ever set up that any such had any legal exist-
ence. If under the Articles of Confederation
no such power existed, does any such exist
under the Constitution of the United States?
I read again from the forty-fifth number of the
Federalist, written by Mr. Madison.
"If the new constitution be examined with accu-
racy and candor.it will be found that the change
■which it proposes consists mueh less m the addition
of new powers to the Union than m the invigoration
of its original powers. The regulation of commerce,
it is true, is a new power: but that seems to be an
addition which lew opEiose.and from which no appre-
hensions are entertained. The poweis relating to
war and peace, armies and fleets, treaties andtinance,
with tho other more considerable powers, are ali
vested in the existing Congress by the Articles of
Confederation. The proposed change does nut enlarge
these powers; it only substitutes a more effectual
mode ot administering them. The change relating
to taxation maybe regarded as the most important;
and yet the present Congress have as complete au-
thority to require of the States indefinite supplies
of money foi the common delense and general wel-
fare, asthe future Congress wiilhaveto lenuire them
of individual citizens; and the latter will be no more
bound than the States themselves have been to pay
the quotas respectively taxed on them.''
No such power as that claimed by this Con-
gress existed in Congress under the Articles
of Confederation ; and if any one will take the
trouble to read the preamble to those articles
and the preamble to the Constitution they
will find them substantial^" the same, with the
addition that the Union was to be formed by
the adoption of this Constitution. Here is a
Constitution having no new power? but that
in reference to the regulation of commerce: a
Constitution with no enlarged powers ; no
additional, except that with reference to com-
merce ; a Constitution which merely gave
additional vigor to enforce the powers which
were in Congress under the Articles of Confed-
eration ; and under this Constitution, with such
an interpretation as that, we are now called
upon to exercise a power not in the Articles
of Confederation, not in the Constitution, but
which can be found only by some implication
!j which 1 cannot make nor understand.
!' lis regard to tho rights of U10 States oven
■i after then* admission, in tho of Pollard's
Lessee vs. Hagan, in 3 Howard, which was re-
ferred to in the discussion of the Arkansas bill,
the Supreme Court of the United States say:
"The right of Alabama, and of every other new
State, to exercise all the powers of government
which belong to and may be exercised by the ori-
ginal States of the Union, must be admitted and.
remain unquestioned, except so far as they are tempo-
rarily deprived o.f control over the public lands.
"Whenever the United States shall have fully
executed these trusts, the municipal sovereignty of
the new States will be complete, throughout their
respective borders, and they and theorigm&kStates
will be upon an equal footing in all respects what-
ovpr. We" therefore think the United States hold
the public land within the new States by force of
the deed ol cession and the statutes connected with,
them, and not by any municipal sovereignty which
it may be supposed theY possess or have reserved by
compact with the new States for that particular pur-
pose. The provision of the Constitution above re-
ferred to shows that no such power can be exercised
by the United States within a State. Such a power
is not only repugnant to the Constitution, but it is
inconsistent with the spirit and intention of the deed
of cession."
Further, the court say:
" It cannot bo admitted that the king of Spain
could, by treaty or otherwise, impart to the United
States any of his royal prerogatives; and much less
can it be admitted that they have capacity to receive
or power to exercise them. Every nation acquiring
territory by treaty or otherwise, must hold it subject
to the constitution and laws of its own Government,
and not according to those of the Government ced-
ing it."
The court say that although the king of
Spain had this eminent domain, although he
had a right to grant the land under the water,
yet, when the United States took the territory
they did not take with it such a power over
the land covered by the water as that they
could patent it j in other words, that they took
it in trust for the people of the United States ;
that they could not take this right which the
king of Spain had in the soil 5 they could not
grant it; and that the State of Alabama could
not be deprived of her use of the navigable
waters by a grant of the laud.
The same doctrine was held in "Withers vs
Buckley, (20 Howard's Report, page 02,)
where the Supreme Court in the opinion say:
"It was contended that the Mississippi river, and
the navigable rivers and waters leading into the
same, shall bo common highways and forever free as
well to the inhabitants of the State of Mississippi as
to other citizcns of tho United States.
"In considering this act of Congress of March 1,
1817, it is unnecessary to institute any examination
or criticism as to its legitimate meaning, or opera-
tion or binding authority, further than to affirm
that it could have no effect to restrict the new State
in any of its necessary attributes as an independent
sovereign government, nor to inhibit or diminish its
perfect equality with the other members of the con-
federacy with which it was to be associated.
" Theseconclusions follow from the very nature and
object of the confederacy, from the language of the
Constitution adopted by the States, and from tho
rule of interpretation pronounced by this court in
the ease of Pollard's Lessee against llagan, 3 H. p.770.''
Although the State of Mississippi made a
compact with the General Government upon
;! her admission, it was held that such was not
i: valid, no such agreement could be entered
|| into, and that the people of Mississippi had
ij the light to the free waters of the State,
i! Before the General Government can acquire
ij power over the right of suffrage in the States
]j there must be a change of the Constitution.
|! It is contrary to the spirit and the genius of
; our Government that with such limited powers
it should have the right to control suffrage or
to make a contract for the control of it or its
prohibition in any of the States. It has no
li existing capacity to acquire or use such polit-
ical power. It could not obtain by treaty the
|| absolute power to control the soil and waters
ceded to it so as to make a condition relating
ji to them in the nature of a compact when pro-
vidmg by law for the admission of Alabama
;■ and Mississippi, because the exercise of such
' a power by a Government of limited and spe-
cilic powers was inconsistent with the nature
and rights of State governments as ihev existed
■ ■ at the time of the formation of the Coubtitu
: lion, and of all such which should be admitted
: into tho Union, and which, of coiiotihukmul
