448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
Subsequently to that the committee reported I
in several of the cases. The report was acted i
upon at the present session; and most of those i
presenting themselves as members-elect from I
that State were admitted. But there remain
three or four cases in which there were contests,
and among these is the case of Mr. Trimble.
Subsequently to that reference papers giving
notice of the coutest, and the evidence taken
under that notice having been referred to the
committee, and the points involved in those j
contests raising similar questions to those ;
involved iu the matter originally referred to I
the committee, the latter cases were reserved, j
and this among them, for the consideration
of the committee on the whole evidence—
that which was taken by the committee of
investigation in Kentucky, and that which
was taken by the parties on the contest; the ,
committee considering it necessary to pass
upon both in order to make a proper decision
of the question.
The allegation of disloyalty as set forth on
the part of Mr. Symes is substantially embraced
in the firstailegation of his supplemental notice,
and will be found on the fourth page of Mis-
cellaneous Document No. 14, of this session;
while the evidence taken by the committee will
be found in Miscellaneous Document No. 47
of the first session of this Congress. I will
read the principal allegation of Mr. Symes
against Mr. Trimble, as touched upon by the
evidence:
" You were and are ineligible to said office, because
you were guilty of overt acts of disloyalty and treason
to the Government of the United States during the
late rebellion, and gave aid andoomfort to the rebels
by supplying them with medicine, commissary, and
quartermaster's stores to enable thejn to prosecute
the war. and yourself entered their lines and coun-
tenanced, aided, and abetted their rebellion; all of
which was well known to those who voted for you;
and all votes cast for you were illegal and void."
This is substantially the matter put in issue
by the evidence taken by the contestant under
his notice—substantially the charge which was
referred to the committee for investigation at
the last session.
In report No. 2 of this session, made by the
Committee of Electiohs in relation to the cre-
dentials of certain other gentlemen claiming
seats as Representatives from Kentucky, the
following language was used:
" The committee are of opinion that no person who
has been engaged in armed hostility to the Govern-
ment of the United States, or who has given aid and
comfort to its enemies during the late rebellion,
ought to be permitted to be sworn as a member of
this House, and that any specific and apparently
well-grounded charge of personal disloyalty made
against a person claiming a seat as a member of this
House ought to be investigated and reported upon
before such a person is permitted to take the seat."
In the same report, made at the present
session, the decision to which I have referred
having been embodied in the report made at
the first session of this Congress, the commit-
tee used the following language:
"But while the committee entertained no doubt
that it is the right and duty of this House to turn
back from its very threshold every one seeking to
enter who has been engaged in armed hostility to the
Government of the United States, or has given aid
and comfort to its enemies during the late rebellion,
yet we believe that in our Government the right of
representation is so sacred that no man who has been
duly eleatod by the legal voters of his distriot should
be refused his seat upon the ground of his personal
disloyalty, unless it is proven that he has been guilty
of such open acts of disloyalty that he cannot hon-
estly and truly take the oath prescribed by the act
of July 2, 1862; and further, that the commission of
guch acts of disloyalty to the Government should not
be suspected merely, out should be proven by clear
and satisfactory testimony, and that while mere want
of active support of the Government or a passive
sympathy with the rebellion are not sufficient to
exclude a person regularly elected from taking his
seat in the House, yet whenever it is shown by proof
that the claimant has by act or speech given aid or
countenance to the rebellion he should not be per-
mitted to take the oath, and such acts or speech need
not be such as to constitute treason technically, but
must have been so overt and public, and must have
been done or said under such circumstances as fairly
to show that they were actually designed to, and in
their nature tended to, forward the cause of the
rebellion."
The committee adhere to the fulelaid down
in that report; and in applying it to this con-
test we have been unable to find such a case
mad® out as comes within the rule. In the
brief report which has been submitted the
committee have given some of the reasons for
the conclusion to which they have arrived.
The principal charge brought against Mr.
Trimble (for there is no question in relation
to his having received a majority of the votes
cast, and having received also the certificate)
is that lie has been guilty of aiding and assist-
ing the rebellion. The attempt is made to sup-
port this charge by showing that he was engaged
in contraband trade with the enemy during the
war. But most of the ground eovered by the
evidence relates to the year 1861, and refers
principally to transactions in which the firm
of L. S. Ellithorp & Co. were concerned, and
with which, as appears by the evidence on the
part of the defense, Mr. Trimble had nothing
to do. This appears to be the weight of the
evidence if we take into consideration the
testimony of Mr. Given and Mr. Flournoy,
which is clear and direct on this point in con-
tradiction of the testimony of Mr. VV. F. Elli-
thorp who, in his testimony against Mr. Trim-
ble, claims that he was a member of the firm
of L. S. Ellithorp & Co., as well as the firm
of Flournoy, Trimble & Co., existing about
the same time, which is denied by two of the
other members ; and he gives no other reason
for it than a letter which he says he received
from his brother.
So far as this transaction in relation to L. S.
Ellithorp is concerned it is perhaps sufficient
for me to refer to the transaction itself as shown
by the evidence. It will be found on page 42
of Miscellaneous Document No. 14, from which
it will appear that the transaction of L. S.
Ellithorp & Co. had reference to a contract
made by them for building a railroad connect-
ing the New Orleans and Ohio railroad with
the Ohio and Mobile railroad in the State of
Tennessee, and which it was thought advisable
or desirable on the part of the military author-
ities of the United States at that time to have
perfected for use in army transportation.
The firm of L. S. Ellitho-rp & Co. it appears
made a contract with the Mobile and Ohio Rail-
road Company for that connection, whieh did
not exist at the time the insurrection first broke
out. It expressly appears that the trade in which
they were concerned was originally permitted
for the sale of furnishing supplies to the labor-
ers employed in completing that railroad con-
nection ; and it is shown that when the firm of
L. S. Ellithorp & Co. had more supplies than
they needed they sold them to the nighborhood,
and it is claimed at the time that neighborhood
was under the control of the rebel authorities.
All these supplies were originally permitted to
be shipped to them to aid them iu supplying
their laborers, and if they were guilty of any
abuse they were to blame and none others.
Now, sir, Mr. Flournoy, in his testimony,
states that these supplies were permitted be-
cause the United States desired the road to be
completed, Because it was supposed it would
be of use for military purposes. He agreed to
furnish them money to carry out the contract
for the railroad. This was before they com-
menced their work. And he did furnish them
with money for that purpose.
But, Mr. Speaker, Mr. Trimble, of the firm
of Flournoy, Trimble & Co., according to the
testimony of Mr. flournoy, had nothing to do
with these supplies, and had no interest in
them. This arrangement was between Mr.
Flournoy and L. S. Ellithorp & Co., and not
between L. S, Ellithorp & Co. and Flournoy,
Trimble & Co. This trade continued until it
was prohibited there in 1861.
Mr. Given also says that Mr. Ellithorp was
not a member of the firm of Flournoy, Trim-
ble & Co. He agrees with Mr. Flournoy in
that statement, and also in the statement that
the two firms were separate and distinct and
had no connection. It also appears that Mr.
Trimble at that time was so odious in hig dis-
trict to the rebels that up to the arrival of the
United States troops under General Grant he
did not even stay in Paducah. It also appears
that in the same year of 1861 he was the
Union candidate for Congress against the
secession candidate, Mr. Burnett, and can-
vassed the district making Union speeches.
He was looked upon at that time as a reliable
Union man, exposing himself to great incon-
venience and unpopularity in his district on
account of his adherence to the Union, and
was also subjected to a good deal of personal
danger.
In addition to that it may be urged that
subsequent to this alleged contraband trade in
September, 1861, and after some charges had
been made against Mr. Trimble in relation
thereto, an investigation was had under the
supervision of the Treasury Department, and he
was exonerated therefrom, and thereupon he
was appointed by the Treasury Department
one of the board of trade at Paducah, and
acted in that capacity, so far as it appears, to
the satisfaction of the Department. It appears
subsequent to that time, as the House is well
aware, he was elected to this House and served
during one Congress, and his loyalty was
unquestioned and his right to a seat unchal-
lenged.
From the evidence in regard to speeches
made by Mr. Trimble, it appears that in 1861
he was the Union candidate for Congress against
Burnett, and made Union speeches in that can-
vass throughout the district. After the eman-
cipation proclamation of President Lincoln
was issued he, in common with many of the
originally-professed Union men of Kentucky,
opposed Mr. Lincoln's administration and the
policy of the war, charging that it was waged
as an abolition war, and asserting that he was
opposed to voting any more men or money to
aid in carrying it on; but it is evident from
the whole testimony that his opposition was
expressed in language similar to that made use
of by the opponents of the Administration about
that time on the floor of Congress, the pro-
priety or tendency of which, under the circum-
stances, it is perhaps unnecessary to discuss
here.
That is the substance, as we consider, of the
testimony which has been adduced, and, there-
fore, nothing has been adduced here to show
that Mr. Trimble himself has been engaged in
contraband trade, or has been engaged in trea-
sonable practices, or bas given aid and encour-
agement to the enemy within the rule laid down
by the committee in their previous reports, or
has done anything to prohibit him from truth-
fully taking the oath which all members are
required to take before taking their seats in
this House.
The committee have, therefore, reported
almost unanimously, with the exception of the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. McClurg,] in
favor of the gentleman who holds the certifi-
cate and against the contestant, Mr. Symes,
believing that no good cause has been shown
why Mr. Trimble, he having the certificate,
and as far as ^appears having a majority of all
the votes cast in the district, should be debarred
of his right to take his seat as a member of this
House.
I now move that the contestant, Mr. Symes,
be permitted to address the House, under the
rules of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SYMES then addressed the House. At
the expiration of the hour the hammer fell.
Mr. UPSON. I now move that Mr. Trimble,
who holds the certificate, have leave to address
the House, under the rules of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANLER. The contestant, Mr.
Symes, desires further time to conclude his
remarks. I move that he have half an hour
longer.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SYMES then resumed and concluded his
remarks. [See Appendix.]
Mr. TRIMBLE, (the contestee.) Mr. Chair-
man, I do not propose to trespass upon the
time or patience of the House by following the
arguments of the gentleman who has just
spoken, for indeed he has answered them him-
self. I wiH content myself, however, by say-
