THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
tion will be fully answered. I only want to say
that now.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the question, and you
can say whether it is so or not. I do not know;
you know it. I do not know such is the fact,
but I have been told it is a fact. I was told in
the committee room this morning that it was
a fact. I ask that, without alleging it to be a
fact.
Now, are you going to again charge me with
stating something not true ? I heard it in your
own committee room this morning. I do not
know whether it is true or false ; I hope it is
false. I hope, sir, that it is not true; but it
is not for me to say anything about it. I merely
ask the question.
Mr. Neale, the man who destroys the bonds,
came to me some three weeks ago and told me
this; and the reason why I wanted this evi-
dence printed was this : I venture the assertion
there is not an honest man in this House who
heard the statement he made to me who would
not have done as I have done, and asked for
a committee to investigate it. Let us have
the evidence and see whether it does not bear
me out. That is the reason why I want it
published. Mr. Neale told me there had
never been an instance before of destroying
clean, white, smooth paper, which did not
have upon it a scratch of printing. Mr. Neale
so told me that clean paper, with no printing,
was sent to him to be destroyed. lie said that
he was astonished at it, and refused to do it,
because such a thing had never been done
before. When blank sheets get between bonds
and are blurred or mutilated they are what are
called statistically destroyed.
That is what he told me, and that when they
called upon him to destroy blank paper, new
and perfect, without a scratch, unblurrfid and
unmarred, said to represent in bonds $18,-
640,000, he refused to do it. What else did
he tell me? He told me a few days before he
heard that there was a rumor in the Treasury
Department that $20,000,000 of bonds had
been stolen, and his impression was, when he
was asked to do this thing, that it was to cover
up these frauds. That is what he told me, and
that is what he this morning swore to.
This is the reason why I asked for the evi-
dence to be printed. Such were the facts upon
which I made my statement. I made the state-
ment and asked for an inquiry. But gentlemen
say do not let these things get out; do not say
there is fraud in the Treasury Department, for
then our bonds will go down; we must tele-
graph that somebody has made a misstatement.
You must not say a word about it; whitewash
it; do not whisper about it; if you do your
bonds will be depreciated. So, if a robbery is
committed, you must not tell about it. If
$70,000 of counterfeit bonds are paid by the
Secretary you must not mention it. Why?
. Because across the water they will think that
half your bonds are counterfeit, and they will
become depreciated in the market. That is
the argument made.
Sir, I allow no such argument to impress
itself on my mind to prevent me from perform-
ing my duty as an honest and independent man.
Whether your bonds are to go down or up,
should not change the question as to whether
or not a fraud should be developed in this
country. But the development of frauds will
not put your bonds down. It will rather give
the country confidence in your action. If you
have got to cover up frauds, robberies, and
counterfeiting, for the purpose of keeping up
the price of your bonds, may God avert the
day when these bonds shall fall. That is not
the way to keep them up. The way to do it is
.to go straightforward and act an honest part.
Let me say further, inasmuch as the gentlemen
have made an issue with me in reference to this
question-, that-I am ready, here or anywhere else,
to meet it on the facts. And what are the facts?
I stated on this floor that General Spinner,
Treasurer as he ist did not know what had been
done until I told nim, and he so swore before
the committee. What else? The gentleman
'has. pretended to read this copy of the book
referred to. I ask that the whole of it be read
to the House, and then let any man tell me
what conclusion he comes to from the certifi-
cate signed on the book by three men.
The Clerk read as follows :
Schedule of United States 5-20 registered bonds, act
March 3, 1863._ blanks
returned by me this day to be destroyed.
Number of
packages.
Number of
pieces.
, Denomina-
tion.
aS
s
'rf
>
o
«
C3
Discount.
o
3
>
ft
Of
3 cents.
*
Of
5 cents.
Of 10 cents.
Of 1 5 cents.
Of 25 cents.
Of 50 cents.
Of
SI
Of
$2
Of
SS
Of
410
Of
§20
i
2,800
Of
§50
$140,000
Of
«100
Of
, $500
i
3
Of
$1,000
3,000
i
3,700
Of
15,000
18,500,000
Of
110,000
No. 3.
Total
$18,643,000
Amounting, as above stated, to &18,643,000,
Treasurer's Office, December 13,1867.
Treasurer United States.
Treasury Department,
avasiiingtou, Di-ccmber 19,1867.
"We hereby certify that all the United States secu-
rities, specified and described in the foregoing sched-
ule, were this day totally destroyed in our presenco.
W. V.S.WILSON,
For the Seerrtori/ of the Treasury.
CHAHLES KEALE,
For the Register of the Treasury.
J. W. WHELPLEY,
For the Treasurer of the United States.
liEOKGK M.DAVIS,
Specially appointed by the Secretary.
I certify this to be a true copy of the certificate
contained in the books of the Treasurer's office.^
I'll AN K JONES, Assistant Cashier.
Washington, March 10,18g8.
* These bonds are but blank pieces of paper. The
authority of the committee for denominating them as
bonds of specified value is derived from slips that
accompany each package, which slips are made out
in office of Mr. Clark.
J. N. BTJRKET, for Secretary.
ALBERT S. SliELY./oj- Register.
R. CO lj KXA'liY, jo/• Treasurer.
Mr. LOGAN. Now, I desire any man in
this Hall who hears me, any honest man, to
compare that statement witli mine and see if
I am not borne out. Mr. Neale told me this
thing had never been done before. He swore
so before the committee. He told me, further-
more, that when he was required to sign the
receipt for $18,648,000 bonds destroyed he
would not do it, and then, as they obliged him
to do it, he went and got a committee of three
men to certify that they were blank paper and
not bonds. Gentlemen may examine the books
for themselves, and they will find this is the
only instance where such a certificate has been
made.
Let me read it again. What do these men
certify to? "We hereby certify that all the
United States securities specified and described
in the foregoing schedule were this day totally
destroyed in our presence." What were de-
stroyed? They do not certify that blank paper
was destroyed, but that they destroyed " Gov-
ernment securities." Of what denominations?
Three of $1,000 apiece, thirty-seven hundred
of §5,000 apiece, and twenty-eight hundred of
fifty dollars apiece. There is the certificate
of these persons. Now, I ask you as honest
men, looking at that certificate, what it would
be your duty to do? Would it not be your
duty to call the attention of Congress to it?
Well, but these gentlemen say this is all
right. Of course it is all right. Certainly it
is all right. They say that no fraud has been
committed. I do not say that there has. There
may not have been fraud, but I say this, that
what Mr. Neale said to me about this record,
and the statements made to me by him and by
General Spinner, were sufficient to make any
man believe that there was fraud committed
against this Government. I did believe it. I
believed it honestly when I made the state-
ment in the House.
Now, sir, I have the highest regard for Gen-
eral Spinner and for some other men in the
Department; but I know this: General Spinner
is like other men; he may be deceived; com-
binations may have been formed to defraud
the Government, and he may be fooled. Why
is it that General Spinner was not notified
that this was done? He told you to-day that
he did not know anything about it until I called
his attention to it. Why not tell him if it was
all right? Why was not he notified of it? But
not so ; they kept it from him until I revealed
it to him. When I stated it to him at the
hotel he said it could not be possible; he said
that it certainly was not so ; but when he had
investigated it he told me that it was so, and
he told me the other morning that it was a
very suspicious circumstance. He never told
me there was no fraud ; he never told me it
was all right; but he told me it was all wrong;
he told me it was wrong, and that if he had
known of it it should not have been done.
That is what General Spinner told me, and
yet you say and insinuate here that I got up
in the House and made a statement—for what?
Your insinuation would lead the country to
believe that 1 did it to affect your bonds. No,,
sir; I did it to secure investigation and have
the truth known to the country, and not to
affect the bonds. That was the reason why I
did it. I did it from honest motives; if you
are actuated by the same I am glad of it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I know it is a pretty hard
matter for one man to run a tilt against the
Treasury Department. I know that when you
undertake to run a tilt against that Department,
with all its alliances outside, they are mighty
apt to defeat you, because they have more
friends than I can have; there is no doubt
about that. They can have men come in here
and insinuate against me. They can do that.
They can get up combinations to attack me.
They may do that. But it makes no difference
to me. Stand or fall, I intend to follow that
rotten institution until I puncture the rotten-
ness of it. I notify you, gentlemen, now that
I will give you work enough to do in the next
four weeks if you want investigation. Inas-
much as you have aroused me to this, I will
show you enough. I will find it out myself;
I will save your committee the trouble, because
I do not think they will find it if left to them-
selves.
Now, I want to go a little further. I made a
statement to this House not long ago about
the sale of bonds, and the difference between
the price for which they were sold here and
the price for which they were sold in New
York. I have had a dozen of these Treasury
men after me ever since. I have had them
come to my room; I have had them send for
me; I have had the Secretary of the Treasury
send for me; but I have never been weak
enough to answer the call of any of them.
I stand here as a Representative of the people.
I do not intend to be browbeaten ; I do not
intend to be scared; I do not intend to be
driven ; I do not intend to be bought. So
help me God, I will do my duty in spite of all
the money and all the power and all the com-
mittees on earth or underneath the heavens.
[Applause in the galleries, promptly cheeked
by the Speaker.]
Now, sir, I am not an attorney for the
Treasury Department, and do not intend to be.
I know there are some honest men in that De-
partment. I believe General Spinner is an
honest man; there may be others there who
are honest; I do not say there are not.
But I will say this : that I believe, before
my God, that there are men in that Depart-
ment who are defrauding the Government, not
only in the sale of its bonds, but by giving out
copies of your dies, so that your bonds may be
counterfeited. I believe your bonds have
