3880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 0,
We know that thoy are powerful, but we
whipped them once. Let, them try again to
pull down this Government that we build up.
Let them laugh at the "carpet-baggers" as
much as they please. We intend to declare
most distinctly and unequivocally that States
organized and represented here shall vote in
the Electoral College, and none others. That
is what we did in 1804, and that is what, we
intend to do now. We have seen all the schemes
they concocted vanish into thin air. We
know Seymour. He is not ready to revolu-
tionize. I hold in my hand a speech of his
ina.de in 1863 which has enough sophistry, if
it had been accompanied by the courage of a
Hampton or a Forrest, to have plunged the
North into civil war. He dare not lay his
liand upon a State that we reorganize. Frank
Blair is a braver man and an honester man,
and ho told plainly what they would like to do;
but I tell you, sir, the Democracy dare not
come up and say that they will I ear down a
single State of this Union. They dare not go
before the people on that issue. Let us declare
that we will stand by all the Slates of the
Union that are entitled to representation, that
we will receive their ballots, that we will stand
by the loyal people of the South ; and let the
Democracy take issue on that ground if they
dare. This bill is a simple declaration that
we will stand by the States which are repre-
sented, and that no disorganized rebel State
shall vote until it shall have been reorganized.
This is no new doctrine. It, has been dis-
cussed over and over in this Hall. Let the
Democracy, if they dare, go before the coun-
try saying that they will tear down and put out
of the Union the seven reorgarized States. I
should like to have them sound the tocsin of
war and see if the American people arc pre-
pared for another revolution. What Frank
Blair says means revolulion. These men can-
not be turned from these Halls except by vio-
lence; these State organizations cannot be
overthrown except by the shedding of blood.
Mr. HOWARD. It cannot be done in that
way either.
Mr. STEWART. It cannot be done by
modem Democracy in that way; and when they
dare announce any such purpose they will have
fewer followers than they had on a former oc-
casion. I have before me their platform. They
are going to pretend to the ignorant, and the
vicious that this means "we will wipe out of
existence every State that has been redeemed,"
and when they meet a man who has a little
money and does not want to go to war they
will say " we are opposed to violence and will-
ing to let things take their course."
Now, we want to declare affirmatively the
ground we stand upon. We are the aggressive,
we are the progressive party. We the party
that have dared to declare our principles from
the beginning. We have had to take advanced
ground all the time, and I wish now to make
the declaration contained in this bill. If the
Democratic party dare say on the stump in any
of the northern States that they will pull down
a single State, even little Florida, they will
have fewer followers than they had in 18G4 ;
they will have fewer followers than they ever
had in any contest before.
I want to pass this bill beforehand. I do
not want to wait until after the election has
taken place and then pass a law which they
will call ex post facto. I do not want to see
them going through the farce of a rebel elec-
tion in Virginia, and I do not want any elec-
tion there until Virginia is reorganized. I do
not want to deceive anybody. I want all the
issues in this campaign understood. I want
the people to know exactly what they are voting
on, and who has a right to vote" before the
election, so as to avoid any unpleasant conse-
quences. The people of the United States
want no more revolution, no more war. The
people of the South do not believe they can
subjugate us. They do not believe they can
reverse the verdict of the war. They cannot
humiliate the Union soldiers who sustained
the old flag, and reverse the verdict of the
war, place the country under rebel rale, hurl
seven States from their places in these Halls—
whoever has laid that '"flattering miction" to
his soul will be undeceived next fall. it can-
not be done.
Now, what is there in this bill? It is simply
a declaration that the States represented in
Congress that have been organized shall vote
in the Electoral College, and none others. The
Senator from Pennsylvania says that unleos
the disorganized vote the organized shall not;
that unless you allow Texas to vote Arkansas
shall not; that unless yon allow Mississippi to
vote Alabama shall not; that unless you let the
three disorganized States that have not yet
complied with our terms, that are not repre-
sented in Congress, vote, the represented States
shall not vote. What does that mean ? The
Democratic parly will not let organized States,
States represented in these Halls, vote. I will
not discuss the power of Congress, but 1 say
there is not power enough in the Democratic
party, with the Executive at their head, to
maintain the posiiiou that they can put one of
these States out of the Union, flow are you
going to prevent, one of these States from vot-
ing? How are you going to prevent South
Carolina fiom voting? How are you going to
prevent her vote from being counted? In no
other way than by putting her out of the Union.
If that is the position, if that is the new
declaration of war, if that, is the new rebellion
we are to meet, let us know the issue now,
and let us light the battle before the people
on that, issue. The necessity of this bill
has become apparent from this discussion.
We want to know what are the purposes of
this party, whether they mean revolution or
whether they mean peace ; whether they mean
war and rapine and plunder and overthrow
of the Government, and the prevention of the
represented States from voting, or whether
they mean to submit to the Jaw. 1 think the
Democratic parly have had enough of war. 1
think they have had enough of tearing down
States. But perhaps the ovation which the
rebel generals received in New York has in-
spired them with new hope, and they think
the " little unpleasantness'' did not amount to
much after all. Perhaps they are prepared
to join the northern Democracy in another
effort to put States out of Ihe Union, and to
overthrow Slate organizations; but I think
they will hesitate a little. They do hesitate
in their platform. They have a long sentence
there on the subject that nobody can under-
stand. Nobody can tell from the platform
what they intend to do, and you cannot get,
any of their speakers on any stump before a
promiscuous audience lo say whether they
intend to submit to the law or whether they
intend to overthrow these governments. Von
can no more get, a direct answer on ihis point
than you can get a clear, straightforward idea
out of their platform.
It is well enough for us to make the declara-
tion contained in this bill, so that the people
will know where we stand ; but it is not to be
supposed that the Democratic party are going
to declare anything affirmatively on such a
question. After having destroyed their best
men by the two-thirds rule, and having got
men that we are accustomed to, that we know
all about, we have no apprehensions. We all
know the connection of Seymour with New
York polities during the war. We know how
he acted during the New York riots. We
know how his appeals to his friends in the
city of New York affected the patriotic masses
of the country. We kuow how wo in the We.it
felt at the obstruction of Seymour to the
progress of the war. We know what, power
he had then, and we believed that he evinced
a disposition, if he had hail the requisite
courage to back his disposition, to plunge
the whole country in war. We have seen
him go as far up to the verge of revolution
as he dare go, but ho has had a littie experi-
ence since then.
Mr, IN Y. K. Will my colleague allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. STEWART. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. 1 submittomycolleaguewhether
he is not stepping rather hard upon the new-
made graves of the hopes of the Democratic
party. He is coming to the funeral rather quick.
Mr. STEWAUT. But they were talking
about killing some of us; they were talking
about having a funeral on our side-
Mr. NYE. They have not got over mourn-
ing yet themselves.
Mr. STEWAitT. They will not, get over
mourning very soon. I say that we of the West
know how we'felt at Mr. Seymour's conduct, on
that occasion.
Mr. BUCKALEW. WTiat occasion?
Mr. STEWAKT. The occasion of the New
York riots.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I was in New York at
that time, and saw him in consultation with the
present Senator from New York [Mr. Mor-
oax] and the mayor of the city, acting together
day by day in concert and perfect accord. The
result of his visit to the city and of his extraor-
dinary exertions was to preserve the peace.
When he was addressing a large crowd incul-
cating peace, he spoke to them in a friendly
manner, " My friends," just as any other gen-
tleman would. His conduct on that occasion
was that of a patriot and of a faithful chief
magistrate of his State, and there never
was anything impeaching his conduct except
little newspaper slanders without the slightest
foundation.
Mr. STEWART. I hold in my hands now
a speech of Hon. Horatio Seymour, delivered
ou the 4th of July, 1803, a speech that I have
read on several occasions. It is too long to
read now. It is a speech full of fault-finding
with the Government, full of suggestions with
regard to the evil ways of the Government,
putting ideas in the minds of the people to
make them dissatisfied, complaining of your
sectional strife and your sectional war, remind-
ing the people of what he had told them before,
calculated in every way to breed discontent;
and this, too, when the country was in the most
imminent peril. At that critical time, instead
of coming forward and vindicating the author-
ity of the Government, we lind Horatio Sey-
mour filling the minds of the people with
distrust and reverting to the mistakes of the
Government, lie failed on that occasion most
signally in that heroic duty which every Amer-
ican citizen owes to his country when it is in
peril. When petil has come, when war is upon
him, it is the duty of every American to say,
"My couuliy, right or wrong," and to stand
up for his country. With a stern Governor of
New York, such a Governor as Indiana had,
there would have been no New York riots.
With such a Governor as Ohio had there would
have been no New York riots. The country
felt the weight of Horatio Seymour as a thou-
sand tons upon our hopes, and many graves
can be laid to his charge. The weight of that
great State, the moral influence of the Governor
of that, great. State, was thrown against the cause
of the Union in such a manner and at such a
time as to prolong the war, I verily believe,
more than one whole year. That Governor
had all his predictions falsified, for he predicted
failure all the time. After having seen our
arms rule triumphant over a thousand battle-
fields; after having seen the rebellion put down ;
after having seen the loyal Congress engaged
for four years m reconstruction and restoration,
he is now the candidate of those opposed to
j the gallant leader of the armies that saved the
J: nation. That noble man is at the head of the
i great party who conducted the war, and who
|| have been endeavoring, against the efforts of
| rebels. Democrats and the Executive, to re-
store this Government. I say that after all
j tills Seymour has not the nerve to do what
' t".1® platform intimates that the Democracy
|j will do, namely, tear down the States that have
;' bfieu buiit up.
f; kr. BUOIvALEW. The platform says
j, nothing about tearing down States.
Mr. fc>IJ3\YAKl\ Tfmt is a refinement of
ji lai^aa^o. It, speaks of them as 44 so-called
