1868.
TO CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2W7
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No.^ 513) concerning land claims in the
•State of Arkansas; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duceabill (S. No. 514) for the relief of Monroe
Young; which was read twice by its title, am
referred to the Committee on Claims. '
CONTRACTS PAYABLE IN COIN.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there be no further
morning business, I desire to call up a bill to
which, so far as I know, there is no objection,
and yet which it is very desirable should be
passed soon. It is the bill in regard to con-
tracts for the payment of gold. I move to take
up Senate bill No. 180.
_Tlie motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 180) relative to United States notes was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. Itis scarcely worth while
to read the original bill. The amendment only,
which is a substitute for it in a few words, need
be read.
'1 h e P RE SI D E N T tempore. Theamend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment reported
by the Committee on Finance, which was to
strike out all after the enacting clause of the
bill and insert the following:
That any contract hereafter made, specifically pay-
able in coin, shall be legal and valid, and may be
enlorced according to ils tcims, anything in the sev-
eral acts relating to United States uo;.es to the con-
trary notwithstanding.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to amendtheamend-
ment by striking out the words "hereafter
made,"' and the reason of that is very plain.
No law takes effect until its passage, and I
think no law should be passed giving a con-
struction to a past law. That rests with the
judiciary, and I think it ought to be left an
open question for the judiciary to determine
whether the existing law authorizes such con-
tracts. The insertion of the words "hereafter
made" necessarily implies a kind of legisla-
tive intimation that under the legal-tender act,
as it is called, contracts specifically payable
in coin might be paid in paper. I do not think
that is the construction of that law, with great
deference to those who entertain a different
opinion; but whether that be so or not, by
striking out these words we leave the bill with-
out any intimation of that kind, because it only
takes effect from its passage, and cannot affect
any contract made antecedent to its passage.
If antecedent to the passage of this amend-
ment contracts were made payable in coin,
and yet the law of the land authorized a party
to pay them in paper, by striking out these
words that right will not be affected. That, is
clear, because the law only takes effect from
its passage. I submit, therefore, that the words
ought to be struck out, and I make the motion
to strike out the words "hereafter made" in
the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Delaware to the amendment of the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I will state
the reason why the committee refused, I think
unanimously, to make this provision retro-
active in its character. If the words "here-
the Supreme Court that would be affected by
such an ex post facto law, if itmay be so called,
although that term cannot be properly applied
in strictness to a law relative to contracts. We
propose to make the law clear and definite as
to contracts in the future, leaving existing.con-
tracts to stand upon the rights of the parties
as they now are. This provision does not
affect tlietn in the least, or give a construction
to the law as it now exists, but simply provides
that contracts payable in coin hereafter made
may be enforced by our courts. There are sev-
eral suits now pending in the Supreme Court
of the United States that the motion of the hon-
orable Senator would affect. We thought it was
not right to affect contracts already made, and
especially not to change the law relating to
^contracts in suits now- pending. The section
as it. is reported I believe meets the assent not
only of the Committee on Finance, but of the
whole business community, and will, no doubt,
prepare us to deal in specie again, and lead the
way eventually to specie payments. It is uni-
versally demanded by the business interests
of the country in all parts. I would not.,
therefore, like to introduce a question that
might be embarrassing at this time. I hope
the Senator will waive his amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. It surprises me to hear the
honorable Senator from Ohio contend that a
law passed now having no retrospective lan-
guage would affect a contract previously made
in any way. I never heard of such a principle
of law myself. I do not see that it is possible,
and I would be one of the last men in this body
to urge an amendment which should affect an
existing right pending iti a court of justice.
But it cannot possibly have that effect. The
law speaks only from the time of its passage.
Strike out the words "hereafter made" and
the law simply remedies the future ; it leaves
the past to the construction of antecedent acts.
Is there a lawyer in this body who can doubt
that that is the legal effect of necessity of pass-
ing the law in the shape which I indicate ? If
I thought there was the slightest ground in the
objection of the honorable Senator from Ohio.
I would not only withdraw the amendment,
but I would never have proposed it; but it is
impossible that a law with no retrospective
language could affect contracts made antece-
dently to its passage; and if it could not affect
them, they would stand on the former law.
But, on the contrary, leaving the words "here-
after made" in, is a kind of congressional or
legislative intimation as to what is the proper
construction of an antecedent law. It ought
to be done in neither way. We should simply
pass an act that governs the future, and leave
the past to judicial interpretation under ante-
cedent acts of Congress. I submit, therefore,
that the words ought to be stricken out.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I shall vote for the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Del-
aware. I do not think the objection of the
Senator from Ohio is a sound one. I do not
think this proposition is retroactive in its nature.
While it is not competent for the Legislature
of a State, under the provisions of the Consti-
tution, to make a contract invalid which was
valid at the time it was made, yet it is compe-
tent even for a State Legislatuie to remove a
legal impediment to the execution of a con-
tract : in other words, to make that valid
which otherwise would be invalid. That is not
( regarded as retroactive legislation.
I Now, sir, I do not know why a man who has
| agreed in the past to pay in gold, when the
1 contracting parties know there was a difference
! in the value between gold and currency, should
I not be in good faith required to pay in gold,
i The trouble is because of the legislation of
! Congress ; and if the legislation of Congress is
; in the way of carrying out in good faith a con-
! tract between two parties, they understanding
I the subject of the contract, I am in favor of
i removing anv sneh impediment. Nor is this
J in the way of the policy of the Government
I ;
alter made" are stricken out the section will : ipaking Treasury notes a legal tender. If par
legalize all contracts payable in gokl at the* #ties waive that letthem do so. In the absence of
time. There are several suits now pending in T an express contract^ of course the legal tender
pays the debt, but if the parties have agreed to :
pay in gold they ought to do it. In my prac-
tice of the law this case came to me; a guard- !
ian deposited gold the first or second year of
the war, and took a special certificate of de-
posit in which the banker agreed to pay it back
m gold. Gold appreciated. When the demand'
was made the banker refused to pay, and there
had to be a compromise. The banker got the
gold and then refused to live up to his bargain.
1 am not in favor of any such legislation as
will allow a man to do that. Wo know there,
is a difference between gold and currency in
value, and if a man sells his property to be paid
in currency, let it be so paid ; but if he sells his
property at the gold standard, let that be the
standard which shall govern in the judgment
as it did in the contract.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Delaware to the amendment of the
committee.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected—ayes nine, noes not counted.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the commit-
tee ; that is, the substitute for the original bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed; and its title was amended so as to
read : "A bill relating to contracts payable in
coin."
y
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives requested
the return of the bill (H. R. No. 448) to change
the name of the ship Golconda, it having been
inadvertently sent to the Senate-as having been
passed by the House.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the joint resolution (H. R. No. 278) to
supply books and public documents to the
national asylums for disabled volunteer sol-
diers.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the amendments of
the Senate to the bill (,H. 11. No. 3117) to sup-
ply partial deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, ItiCS, with an amendment; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolution, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 23) to protect the rights
of actual settlers upon the public lands of the
United States;
A bill (II. R. No. 202) to create the office
of surveyor general in the Territory of Utah,
and establish a land office in said Territory,
and extend the homestead and preemption
laws over the same;
A bill (H. R. No. 554) making a grant of
land to the State of Minnesota to aid in the
improvement of navigation of the Mississippi
river;
A bill (H. R. No. 934) amendatory of the act
entitled "An act to secure homesteads to actual
settlers on the public domain," approved May
20, 18<>2, and of the acts amendatory thereof,
approved March 21, 18G4, and June 21, 18G8;
A bill (H. R. No. 1121) to prevent an appro-
priation therein mentioned from lapsing because
of delay in the adjustment;-
A bill (II. R. No. 1118) to confirm to J. M.
Hutchings and J. C. Lamon their preemption
claims in the Y'osemite valley, in the State of
California:
A bill (II. R. No. 1150) authorizing the
Commissioner of the General Land Office to
issue a patent to F. N. Blake for one hundred
and sixty acres of land in Kausas;
A bill (H. R. No. 1157) to cede to the State
of Ohio the unsold lands in the Virginia mili-
tary district in said State;
A joint resolution (H. It. No. 281) to provide
for the removal of a suit pending^ m the circuit
court of Jefferson county, West \ irgima, to the
circuit court of the United States; and _
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 2SM relative
