1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
States," "usurpations," "mongrel govern-
ments;" and their Representatives are spoken
of as carpet-baggers, and the Democracy talk
of disregarding them. Frank Blair says it is
the duty of the Executive to disregard them.
I tell you that Horatio Seymour has not the
nerve to carry out the programme. He will
insinuate that it is all right; but when it comes
to the sticking point he will back out.
Now, I want to place the Democratic party
on one side or the other of this issue. The
States that are represented in Congress ought
to vole, and they will vote. We say they shall
vote. The Democratic party say they shall
not vote. We had better have that one of the
the issues in the campaign, so that it shall not
be said afterward that any snap judgment is
given. It is better to say it now instead of
liGr6<ift6r.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I did
not say a word about Horatio Seymour in my
speech. The Senator's assault upon him is
entirely volunteer. I rose to correct him upon
a question in regard to the New York riots,
and he goes off into some speech. I am afraid
it is too long to be discussed at this time of
night. All 1 desire to call attention to at the
close of this heated debate is the fact that the
Senator from Indiana assailed the second gen-
tleman on the ticket without any provocation
to-day, and the Senator from Nevada to-night
has assailed the first without any provocation,
either. So far as I am concerned, I do not
care to enter into a general political discussion.
1 have confined myself to this bill and to the
elaboration of a single point in connection with
it. All the matters to which the Senator from
Nevada has referred no doubt will be discussed
in due time and in a more appropriate place.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New York.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope there will not be
a vote on that amendment to-night. There is
not a quorum here, and when it is to be voted
upon I should like to have an expression of
the Senate about it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Then we had better
adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. Unless some Senator
wishes to occupy the floor, I move that the
Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; arid the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 9, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
On motion of Mr. CAKE, the reading of the
Journal of yesterday was dispensed with.
order or business.
Mr. CAKE. I desire to make some reports
from the Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Print-
ing are authorized to report at any time.
Mr. PAINE. Is it not necessary that the
House should dispose of an order adopted some
days since, that the vote should be taken on
the Alaska bill to-day, immediately after the
reading of the Journal?
The SPEAKER. It will be necessary, if the
gentleman desires to interfere with the reports
of the Committee on Printing.
Mr. PAINE. Will the reports of the Com-
mittee on Printing, if now received, displace
the order in regard to the Alaska bill?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
Mr. PAINE. Then I will not object.
DEMOCRATIC PROTEST.
Mr. CAKE, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution :
Jlcmhtd, That twenty thousand copies of the pro-
test ofrbe Democratic membersof the House ngumst
the representation of Arkansas be i>rinted for the
use ot the House.
The question was taken upon adopting the
resolution ; and upon a division, (called for by
Mr. Scofielb,) there were—ayes 22, noes 20;
no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. It is probable there is no
quorum yet present.
Mr. CAKE. I will withdraw the resolu-
tion.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to move to lay
the resolution on the table.
The SPEAKER. The resolution lias been
withdrawn.
REPORT ON MANUFACTURES.
Mr. CAKE, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved. That there be printed for the use of the
House three thousand extra copies of the report of
the Committee oil Manufactures.
Mr. CAKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. CAKE, from the Committee on Print-
ing, also reported the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and adopted;
Resolved, That there be printed for tile use of tho
House one thousand extra copies of tho tariff bill.
Mr. CAKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BRIDGES ON MAQUOKETA RIVER, IOWA.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, a joint
resolution (S. No. 107) in relation to the Ma-
quoketa river, in the State of Iowa, was, by
unanimous consent, taken from the Speaker's
table, and read a first and second time.
The joint resolution proposes to give" the
assent of Congress to the construction of bridges
across the Maquolteta river, in the State of
Iowa, with or without draws, as may be pro-
vided by the laws of the State of Iowa.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to amend
the joint resolution by adding the following as
a new section :
And be it further enacted, That dams and bridges
may be constructed across the Inwa river, in the
State of Iowa, above the town of Wapello.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was or-
dered to a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsidc-r
the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONNECTICUT AVENUE, ETC., RAILWAY CO.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I ask tho
House, by unanimous consent, to take from
the Speaker's table the bill (H. R. No. 420) to
incorporate the Connecticut Avenue and Park
Railway Company ill the District of Columbia,
that we may concur in a few slight amendments.
Mr. SPALDING. I object to taking up out
of their order any of the bills on the Speaker's
table. I am willing that wo shall go to the
Speaker's table for the consideration of those
bills in their order.
THOMAS W. WARD.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on Commerce, for
consideration at the present time, a bill (S.
No. 542) for the relief of Thomas W. Ward,
late collector of customs in the district of
Corpus Christi, Texas.
M r. SPALD1NG. I object, and call for the
regular order.
Mr. ELIOT. Except by the unanimous
consent of the House there will be no oppor-
tunity to report this bill this session.
Mr. SPALDING. I demand the regular
order.
LOYAL CHOCTAW AND CHICKASAW INDIANS.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the hill (H. R. No.
13TG) for the relief of the loyal Choctaw and
Chickasaw Indians, which was pending at the
adjournment last evening, and on which the
previons question was seconded and the main
question ordered. The gentleman from Min-
nesota [Mr. Windom] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WINDOM. It is not my intention to
occupy more than five minutes in closing the
debate on this bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question which he can answer
whenever convenient in the course of his re-
marks. As a member of the Committee on
Indian Affairs I have given my assent to this
bill; but. since the bill was acted on by the
committee I have been informed that the agents
of these Indians have a contract with them by
which they are to get forty per cent, of this
whole fund. If the gentleman has any inform-
ation on that subject I hope he will give it to
the House ?
Mr. WINDOM. Does the gentleman allude
to the agents of the loyal Indians or the others?
Mr. SCOFIELD. The agents of the loyal
Indians.
Mr. WINDOM. I will auswer the question
now. I have no information whatever on that
point. I do not know whether the agent of
these Indians is to get one per cent, or forty
per cent. I suppose that, as a matter of course,
he is paid for being here two years attending
to this matter ; but 1 do not know about that.
I have no knowledge of this matter, nor has
such a statement as that referred to by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield]
ever been brought to my ears by anybody.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not wish to state it
as a fact; but the statement I have mentioned
was made to me on the floor this morning, and
I presume it is likely to be made to other
members in a quiet way. Hence I desired
the chairman of the committee to state any-
thing he,Jnight know about the matter.
Mr. \\ 'K DOM. I will say that there never
has been anything before the committee on
that subject, nor have I any personal knowl-
edge of any such statement having been made.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Another allegation made
to me this morning is, that certain men have
bought this entire claim, or nearly the whole
of it, from these loyal Indians, and that the
passage of this bill will really inure to the
benefit, of some speculators, and not to the ben-
efit ol the Indians. Having now made these
two statements as I have heard them, I wish
to say that so far as the bill itself is concerned
it seems to me unobjectionable, and I know no
reason why it ought not to pass. But if the
fact is as alleged, then it should be amended
so as to leave it in the control of their own
men.
Mr. WINDOM. So far as the last question
is concerned I am equally in ignorance as on
the first. I am ignorant whether any one has
bought this claim, except this: when the ques-
tion was asked General Blunt, who represents
tliem, he flatly denied it to be true. He says
the Indians hold the whole claim. Mr. Speaker,
it is one of the easiest things in the world to
cast suspicions upon a bill of this kind by some
outside whisperings that some one has bought
the claim, or that there is a large amount of
speculation in it some way or the other. I
know from my experience in such matters that
such charges are brought by persons who are
anxious to have a share in the speculation, one
way or the other ; and they go and whisper in
the ears of members that something is wrong.
The whole motive is they do not get anything
for themselves. I do not know how the case
is here. I will state to my friend from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Scofieu),] who I know is hon-
estly for the bill, it has been pending already
two years, and these Indians have been unable
, to get their pay ; but if it is defeated and put
i over for two more years longer there is no
! doubt these Indians in their great necessity will
' be compelled to sell for whatever they can
| get. The best way to take this money from
I the parties here and to place it in the hands of
speculators is to postpone, year after year, the
appropriation for paying it. If the gentleman
will propose an amendment which will avoid
