450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
«/ +
firm, having been formed in the spring of
1861 and existing only until about the month
of October, 1861, while the other firm was in
existence long before the war.
Mr. MAYN ARD. Will the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Ufson] either now or at some
other time—I do not care when—refer to the
particular testimony controverting the alleged
conversation at Cincinnati between Trimble
" and Bolinger ?
Mr. UPSON. There ia no evidence else-
where in relation to that particular conversa-
tion.
Mr. MAYNARD. As to the motives which
induced Mr. Ellithorp to disclose on his asso-
ciates, I suppose that is a matter of not so
much importance as whether-he disclosed the
truth. He speaks here of his having been
concerned "in shipping goods south"—an
expression well understood—and that Mr.
Trimble, the president of the railroad com-
pany, interposed no obstacles in the way of
their doing so. I3 there any evidence con-
troverting that ?
Mr. UPSON. Yes; there is evidence that
he gave orders that nothing should be shipped
except what was permitted by the Govern-
ment authorities.
Mr. KERR. Will the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Maynard] yield to me for a mo-
ment?
Mr. MAYNARD. Certainly.
Mr. KERR. The gentleman from Tennes-
see has read almost all the testimony-in-chief
given by the witness, W. F. Ellithorp. I de-
sire now to suggest to the House that that tes-
timony was taken by the committee in the
absence of Judge Trimble.
Then, in that connection, I desire also to
invite the attention of the gentleman from
Tennessee to a part of that testimony which
he has not read. On page No. 123 of Mis-
cellaneous Document No. 47 will be found
the following testimony by the witness Elli-
thorp :
"Quest-ion. All the goods that were sold came
through on Treasury permits ?
" Answer. I cannot say. I do not think I ever Baw
a Treasury permit.
" Question. As you understood it, the goods were
sent there on Treasury permits, to supply your
hands ?
"Answer. Yes.
" Question. But instead of using them for your
hands you sold them to the confederacy ?
"Answer. We sold them promiscuously to whoever
bought them.
" Question. Did Mr. Trimble know anything about
that?
" Answer. I cannot say."
I thank the gentleman for his courtesy. That
is all to which I desire to call his attention in
this connection.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have read the fuU tes-
timony of this witness, that part as well as all
the rest. I confess it did not make the impres-
sion upon my mind which the gentleman seems
to think it should have made.
The statement contained in this evidence is
that these parties engaged in business for the
purpose of trading south, and that they: were
trading south. The witness says, it is true,
that he does not know that Mr. Trimble had
knowledge of the parties to whom "the goods
were sold. Now, in the absence of all con-
travening testimony, it is to be presumed that
Mr. Trimble knew his own business; that he
knew what was going on; that he understood
what his firm was about. This man, Ellithorp,
seems to have been in Tennessee all the time.
He says that he saw Mr. Trimble there in 1861,
and that Mr. Trimble told him he had been
south, and everything was working well.
Mr. UPSON. With the permission of the
gentleman from Tennessee, I will say to him
that his confusion arises from mingling thS'firm
of Flournoy, Trimble & Co. with that of L. S.
Ellithorp & Co., the latter being the firm engaged
in building the railroad, and this witness Elli-
thorp endeavoring to make out that it was the
same firm as Flournoy, Trimble & Co.; whereas
it will be found by an examination of the evi-
dence that there were two separate and distinct
firms, having no business connection with «ach
other; that the firm of Flournoy, Trimble &
Co. was not formed till the spring of 18G1, while
the firm of L. S. Ellithorp & Co. was formed
in 1800, before the war. The firm of Flournoy,
Trimble & Co. ceased with the establishment
of the trade regulations prohibiting intercourse
up the Tennessee river with the rebel States.
After that they bought no more goods. They
had no connection, as the weight of the evi-
dence shows, with the firm of which the witness
was a member. He bought his goods where he
pleased—at Cairo, at Cincinnati, oratPaducah,
where the firm of Flournoy, Trimble & Co.
carried on their grocery business. If the sup-
plies which he bought there for his men or the
jnen of L. S. Ellithorp & Co., in building the
railroad, were sold by him to the enemy, that
is a matter for which he is responsible. He
admits that while part of the supplies obtained
frofh Flournoy, Trimble & Co. were used for
the men in the employ of his firm, the surplus
was disposed of partly to the people of the
neighborhood and partly to the confederates;
and then he endeavors to connect Mr. Trimble
with the matter by saying that he remitted the
proceeds to Flournoy, Trimble & Co.; whereas
Mr. Flournoy says that the transaction was one
with which Mr. Trimble had nothing to do;
that he, Mr. Flournoy, having had some busi-
ness transactions with L. S. Ellithorp & Co.,
had made the contract before the commence-
ment of the war, and that Mr. Trimble had
nothing to do with it.
Mr. MAYNARD. By this testimony it would
appear that the same men were concerned all
round, sometimes carrying on business under
one name and sometimes under another, mat-
ters being conducted very promiscuously.
Mr. UPSON. The gentleman will find all
that contradicted in the testimony of Mr.
Given, on page 125 of Miscellaneous Docu-
ment No. 47, of last session; and also in the
testimony on page 41 of Miscellaneous Docu-
ment No. 14, of the present session. It is
also contradicted in part on page 32, in the
testimony of Mr. Hart, a brother of the other
Hart.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will refer to the testi-
mony of Mr. L. M. Flournoy, on page 47. I had
examined that and had made a note of the
last question and answer:
" Question. You Btate that the firm of Flournoy,
Trimble & Co. closed business "—
Mr. UPSON. The gentleman is reading the
reexamination by the contestant instead of
reading the direct testimony.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suppose the statement
of the witness is reliable, whether made in the
direct examination or otherwise.
j "Question. jjTou state that the firm of Flournoy,
: Trimble <fc Co. closed business about October 1,1861,
and that L. S. & W. P. Ellithorp were not interested
in the firm; now, is it not a fact that D. W. Ellithorp
was a member of the firm of L. S. Ellithorp <fc Co.,
and that the Ellithorp firm were working on the rail-
road in Tennessee at that time, and that D. W. Elli-
thorp sent many goods south, bought for the firm of
Flournoy, Trimble & Co., and owned by them, under
the pretext that they were for the hands working on
the railroad, and do you know that W. F. Ellithorp
and h. S. Ellithorp did not deliver many of those
supplies to the rebels encamped near the storehouse
in Tennessee?
"Answerf D. W. Ellithorp was a member of the
firm of L. S. Ellithorp & Co. I never knew or under-
stood that W. F. Ellithorp was a member of the
concern of L. S. Ellithorp k Co. until about three or
four years ago"—
There is a fact that shows how loosely this
business was done.
Mr. UPSON. The gentleman will see that
he was not himself a member of the firm.
Mr. MAYNARD, (reading)—
" when a suit was instituted by R. 0. Woolfolk against
L. S. Ellithorp & Co. The Ellithorp concern was work-
ing on the railroad in Tennessee during the spring and
summerofl861. D. W.Ellithorp sentsuppilesto Ten-
1 nessee for his laborers; he may have purchased some
1 supplies from Flournoy, Trimble & Co., but if so they
1 were paid for, as I was informed, or he, D. W. Elli-
1 thorp, made himself liable for them, to be taken out
, of his profits. I have no knowledge that any such
supplies wero furnished to the rebels near their store,
and, if so, Flournoy, Trimble & Co.neverireceived any
of the profits, nor were they interested in their sale.
If any such transactions took place they were for the
sole benefit of L. S. Ellithorp & Co. The concern of
Flournoy, Trimble & Co. received their first purchase
of goods early in August, 1861. My best recollection
is that they did notreceive any after the 1st of Sep-
tember, 1861."
Now, the force of that statement, brought
out on the cross-examination of this witness,
the gentleman, as a lawyer, will feel as readily
as any of us. Nor have I yet heard any expla-
nation of this remarkable conversation in
Cincinnati, when Mr. Bolinger informed Mr.
Trimble of the errand upon which he was going,
and when the latter said to him, "Don't say
anything about the matter; I am engaged in
that matter myself; I would rather you would
not say anything about it." Now is that any-
where controverted ?
Mr. UPSON. There is no reference to that
conversation anywhere else. The business of
Flournoy, Trimble & Co., as appears on page
25, was for the purpose of selling groceries,
provisions, &c., in Paducah. He was pur-
chasing goods in Cincinnati, and it appears it
was understood by this man that they were to
go south, whereas Mr. Trimble was furnishing
goods for his own firm at Paducah, and did
not want it to be interfered with by any stories
this gentleman might tell the officers. That is
all. This has no reference to any treasonable
transaction. It is not followed up by showing
any goods were used in aid of the rebels. If
any such proposition had been made to Mr.
, Trimble it appears from the evidence that he
was a good Union man, and would not have
listened to it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I inferred from some
things which fell in the course of the gentle-
man's remarks, and also from the testimony,
that it is supposed, because these supplies were
not furnished primarily to the rebels but to
make money, there was nothing reprehensible
in the matter. Does the gentleman wish to bo
so understood?
Mr. UPSON. No, sir. There is no evi-
dence that Mr. Trimble had any connection
knowingly with any arrangement to sell goods
to the rebels for any purpose. There is not a
scintilla of evidence. It is sought to connect
him with this firm by corj founding the two firms
together and showing that they did. There
is no doubt about the rascality of Ellithorp, for
he admits that he furnished goods to the rebels.
He tries to blacken the character of Mr. Tripible
by confounding the two firms together. He does
this in order to try to force Mr. Trimble to a
settlement.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is there any testimony
going to impeach the character of Ellithorp?
Mr. UPSON. There is, if you call direct
testimony contradicting his testimony impeach-
ing his character.
Mr. MAYNARD. That depends upon who
does it. Is his general character assailed?
Mr. UPSON. His evidence was not taken
till afterward, and in the absence of Mr. Trim-
ble. There was no chance to take his charac-
ter. His testimony was ex parte.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is there any testimony
attacking it ?
Mr. UPSON. Ellithorp's testimony was not
taken at first but afterward, and Mr. Trimble
had no opportunity to attack his character.
Mr. MAYNARD. When was it taken ?
Mr. UPSON. After they had got through
taking testimony in Kentucky. It was taken
after the committee had reached Cincinnati,
and in the absence of Mr. Trimble. When
all the testimony had been concluded it ap-
peared by the affidavit of Mr. Svmes that he
would suffer loss unless the committee would
permit him to examine this witness, and as a
matter of grace and favor we allowed him to
be examined, thinking it would be a hardship
if it were not done.
Mr. MAYNARD. Here is the testimony
of Mr. Campbell:
" Question. State your name, age, occupation, and
residence.
"Answer. Reside in the town of Paducah. Aged
twenty-live years. . ,
"Question. State whether or not, in the summer 01
1861, you wero clerk at the depot of the N. O. and
Ohio railroad, in Paducah, and if L. S. Trimble was
president of that railroad.
