334
APPENDIX TO- THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[.June 9,
Senate.
Representation m-Oongress-
Wittey.
402H Cong....2d
Representation in Congress.
SPEECH OF HON. W. T. WILLEY,
OJ? WEST VIRGINIA,
In the United States Senate,
June 9, 1868.
The Senate having under stonsideration the bill
(H. E. No. 1058)to admit the Statesof North Carolina,
South Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, and Alabama
to representation in Congress-
Mr: WILLEY said:
Mr. President : It was not without some
reluctance that I rose yesterday evening to
claim the courtesy of the Senate to make some
remarks upon the amendment immediately
pending as well as the bill generally. I am
aware-of the'impatience of the Senate, and
equally aware of the fact that I shall not be
able to throw any new light on the subject;
bat inasmuch as I do not trouble the Senate
very often I thought perhaps I might be allowed
to occupy its attention for a few moments, if
to accomplish no other purpose, at least to let
my constituents know once in a while that I am
here in my place.
In regard to the immediate proposition before
the Senate, the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] proposing
to- include Alabama in the bill, I have to say
that in voting for it I am not at all embarrassed
by my previous opinions on the provision in
the reconstruction bill requiring a majority of
the registered votes to be cast at the election.
When that bill was under consideration I took
occasion to say, among other things :
" The amendment of the House, it seems to me,
settles the question of reconstruction under this bill;
that is to say, it settles the question by leaving the
States as they are. From what I know of southern
sentiment, and what I know of the condition of
affairs in the South, I believe most sincerely thatthe
bill in the form in which it comes from the House
will'result innothing. I do not believe thatyouean
get a majority of the registered voters in the South
upon tho adoption of the constitution which will bo
presented to them to vote upon it either on tho one
side or the other."
And I concluded my remarks on that sub-
ject as follows:
"Ihe bill, if passed as it is, settles tho question, not
of reconstruction, but of non-reconstruction. You
will havo no practical relations restored to the gov-
ernmentof tho southern States under the operations
of this bill, in my opinion."
I do not pretend to be a prophet, nor the sou
of a prophet; but the result has verified my
opinion exactly. Tho only State which under-
took to restore its practical relations and to
entitle itself to representation in Congress under
the operation of that bill as it passed failed in
the effort, and Congress, under the teachings
of experience, found it necessary to repeal
that restrictive law and to allow the rebel States
to come back to representation in Congress
tinder the operation of the ordinary principles
prevailing in elections. I am not, therefore,
embarrassed in voting for the peuding amend-
ment by the necessity of any change of opinion,
although that would not embarrass me if I
thought circumstances required a change.
'Now, Mr. President, what was the design
of having an election in Alabama upon the
constitution ? What fact was it proposed to
ascertain by submitting the constitution to the
vote of the people ? It was to ascertain whether
the constitution was agreeable to a majority of
the people of that State. I might confine the
proposition within a more limited application
if I were to consult my own sense of propriety
as to how that constitution ought to have been
submitted. I think all we are required to
ascertain, in order to justify ourselves in the
action now proposed, is whether a majority of
the loyal people, in the State of Alabama have
given evidence that the constitution which
was presented to them is agreeable to them
and meets their approbation.
Let us look at the facts surrounding this
ease with a view of ascertaining the*main fact
to which I allude; that is, does the constitution,
as it was presented a few months ago to the
people of Alabama, meet the wishes of the
majority of those people? I shall not weary
the Senate by entering into the figures and
details, and recounting what has been so often
recapitulated here; but there is one material
fact admitted on all hands, that this election
was held under most unfavorable circum-
stances in respect to the weather at that time.
A severe storm had passed over the State;
the waters were high; and it was with great
difficulty that the people could get to the voting
places. That is one fact that must be taken
into consideration. There is another fact:
that in two counties, I think, no vote at all
was taken. There is another fact: in two
more counties in which the vote was taken the
vote was set aside and not counted.
But there still remains the great fact which
I predicted would prevent any election under
the act requiring a majority of registered votes
to be cast at the time of its passage, and that
is, the hostility of a large proportion of the
people of Alabama and of the southern States
to any constitution, to any reconstruction, to
any plan, or to any principle that will bring
them back into submission to the Constitution
of the United States and into loyal practical
relations to the General Government; and the
result verified my prediction exactly. I knew
very well, when it was required that a majority
of the registered votes in Alabama should be
cast in order to the ratification of the consti-
tution which should bo submitted to them,
that the disloyal portion of tho people of Ala-
bama, who compose to a large extent the intel-
ligent portion of them, who embrace the con-
trolling social influence of Alabama to a very
great extent, would stay away from the polls,
and that it would bo understood that they
should stay away from tho polls, and it being
thereby known that every man who deposited
his ballot was depositing it in favor of recon-
struction the men who did so would feel that
they were marked by the intellectual and moral
influences alluded to tho other day by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doouttle,] and
this moral and intellectual influence being
brought to bear upon them, thousands upon
thousands of honest, loyal, patriotic white men
would be deterred from castingtheir votes. Is
not such the fact, sir? Were not thousands
who were willing, and who else had been able
to cast their votes in favor of the constitution,
deterred from doing so by fear, by menace, by
this social influence? There can be no ques-
tion about that. And yet, sir, under all these
adverse influences, under the hinderances of the
bad weather and the high streams, notwith-
standing the fact that several counties did not
cast a vote at all and the vote of others were
not counted, and notwithstanding the menaces
and threats that were brought to bear upon a
large proportion of the people of that State,
they nevertheless east a vote in favor of this
constitution of sixty-nine thousand.
Now, sir, recurring again to the proposition
which I have stated, which was that the prin-
cipal fact that, it was desirable to ascertain on
the part of the Senate, was whether a major-
ity of the people of the State of Alabama were
in favor of the constitution as presented to
them, I demand of any Senator here to answer
candidly whether, from all these considerations,
it is not perfectly apparent that at the day of
the election, and at this day, an overwhelming
majority, not only of the loyal people of Ala-
bama, but of all tho people, both loyal and
disloyal, were in favor, and are in favor of the
constitution which was submitted to tliem.
That was the only fact that it was necessary
for us to ascertain. It was to ascertain that
fact that the constitution was submitted to the
people ; and if there can be no doubt that such
is the fact, that a majority cf the people of
Alabama are in favor of this constitution, why
should we hesitate about including them in the
bill admitting all these States to representation
in Congress V
It is said it will be acting in bad faith to do
this. Bad faith with whom, Mr. President?
Bad faith with men who purposely stayed away
from the polls; bad faith with men who re-
fused'to iivail themselves of the privilege and
right of voting for or against the constitution;
bad faith with men who used their social,
moral, and physicial influence to deter honest,
simple-minded Union men from casting their
votes in favor of this constittftion ? Sir, it
there was any obligation of good faith on the
part of Congress to those men, we are ab-
solved from it by the bad faith of the other
party in attempting to prevent a fair election,
which they did prevent, and which every mem-
ber of the Senate must acknowledge they did
prevent. Therefore, I am in favor ot the
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts ; and am ready and anxious to recognize
Alabama as again entitled to representation
here, and to all the rights and privileges of one
of the United States.
Now, sir, while I am up, I propose, if the
Senate will indulge me, to submit a lew remarks
in regard to the principle of the bill generally,
lam aware that every Senator's opinion is
made up upon it, but there have been some
objections made to it, and there are some
considerations connected with it that I pro-
pose to detain the Senate a few moments in
noticing.
Mr. President, several Senators have deemed
it proper, as they had a right to do, to go back
into the records of the past to bring up in
judgment against other Senators the opinions
and expressions of opinions entertained and
made in times past, two or three or five years
ago. Sir, there is in one of the inimitable
romances of Sir Walter Scott—Guy Mannering
I think it is—a most admirable character called
the Pedagogue. It so happened that while he
had charge of the young child of a Scottish
nobleman some smugglers along the coast
abducted the child and carried him away, and
he was lost among the gypsies, and eventually
got over to the East Indies and into the British
army. In the arrangements of Providence —
the providence of the tale at least—some
twenty-five years afterward he found himself
in the vicinity of his old home. Tie was rec-
ognized by his friends and the remaining
members of the family, and at last by this
honest-hearted, simple-minded old pedagogue,
who had taught him his letters in his infancy.
The manifestation of his joy was a little remark-
able. A fter the truth had gradually revealed
itself to him that this stalwart man, this sun-
burnt soldier from the Indies was theveritable
little boy that ho used to lead by the hand, he
drew him again to his knee, and opening the
primer at the very place where he left off
twenty-five years previous attempted to teach
him his lesson as ot' old.
And now, sir, after the revolution of the past
few years, we have a good many pedagogues.
The foundations of society as they existed six
years ago have been utterly broken up, and
there is a new surface of political affairs,
requiring new adaptations of our policies; and
it would be just as foolish and as ludicrous to
attempt to apply now policies that were proper
and right five years ago as it was for that sim-
ple-minded schoolmaster to attempt to teach
the young man of thirty years his a b abs.
Sir, wo must have now policies. There must
be a new adaptation of things. There is great
wisdom in the old maxim that " circumstances
alter eases and what was proper a year ago is
highly improper now, highly impolitic now,
and it would be unwise to embarrass ourselves
by a foolish sense of consistency in adhering
to obsolete and impracticable ideas, when in
point of fact we would only be inconsistent if
we did so under the different state of circum-
stances that surround us.
The debate for a few days past, the remarks
