1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
451
He
".(miot. I was clerk in the summer of 1861.
was president of the road.
"Question. Now state whether or not during the
fall of W>1 you went into tho confederate army.
"(.Objected to.)
"-4n*teer. I did.
"BySymes: .
"Question. Now state whether or not L. S. lnmble
told you that you should be reinstated in your-posi-
tion on tho said railroad when you returned trom
said army.
'\Objectcd to.)
".•liisirer. He stated to me when tho war was over
that I should be reinstated. . ...
"Question. Was this beforo you had enlisted in tho
confederate army or after?
" (.Objected to.)
" .1 nxu'rr. Before.
"Question. Now state whether or not, when you
were a soldier in the confederate army, in Tennessee,
at I'nion City, William F. Ellithorp was arrested by
the confederate authorities charged with being,a
Union man and sending information north, and if
he did not procure his release by proving that he had
been receiving supplies from Paducah and furnish-
ing them to the confederate army.
" (Objected to.)
"Answer. He was arrested by me for sending sup-
plies to the confederate army.
"Question. Now state if you conversed with said
Ellithorp, and what he told you about furnishing
supplies, and from what place he got them.
"(Objected to.)
"Answer. He stated to me that he got them from
Paducah, but did not state what firm he got them
from.
"Question. State whether or not you were at the
Ellithorp storehouse, in Tennessee, and who was
there, and how near it was to the confederate camp?
" (.Objected to.)
"Answer. Major Ellithorp was there; the confed-
erate camp was at Fulton station, about six miles
from said store, south.
"Question. State how Trimble was regarded by the
confederates, so far as you know; that is, where they
supposed his sympathies were?
" ■ Objected to.)
"A newer. We regarded him as a southern man
because he lived in the South, as we did every other
man who lived in the South.
"Question. Was ho supposed to be a southern sym-
pathizer?
"iObjected to.)
"Ansicer. I cannot say whether he was or not.
"Question. Now state whether or not one James
Hamilton came to you since you were summoned to
appear and give your evidence against L. S. Trimble,
and told you that if you would not appear and tell
what you knew against Trimble he would do any-
thing he eould do for you and set you up in business;
but that if you did give your evidence he would not
help you at all, and that it would ruin you among
your friends, &c., and state if you did give your evi-
dence until you were forced to by attachment.
"(.Objected to.)
"Answer. It was before I was summoned, and I did
not give my evidence until I was forced by an at-
tachment."
I will be glad when the gentleman comes to
reply if he will turn to those parts of the evi-
dence which he thinks controvert the accuracy
of this testimony.
Mr. UPSON. I will endeavor to do so.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, who is, I have no
doubt, actuated by precisely the same motives
that the committee were, whether, supposing
it to be true that there was a firm at Paducah
that sent goods south to supply railroad hands,
and that a member of the firm located at the
railroad had disposed of some of those goods
to the enemy, and supposing it to be true that
Mr. Trimble was a member of that firm, he
would say that that simple fact, of itself, if it
stopped there, was sufficient evidence against
Mr. Trimble to exclude him from a seat upon
this floor, without showing that Mr. Trimble
himself was cognizant of that fact? Iam not
asking my friend from Tennessee what would
be his liability in a court, but I am asking
him whether, admitting all that to be true—that
there was a firm at Paducah sending goods for
the supply of its railroad hands down South,
and that a member of the firm there sold a
portion of the goods to the confederates—
whether, if the evidence stopped there, in his
opinion, it would be enough to exclude Mr.
'I rimble from his seat?
Mr. MAYNARD. I shall not insist that
any agent—and every partner is an agent of
the firm—committing a violation of law out-
side of the limits of his agency, and in contra-
vention of the authority of his principal, can
morally or criminally bind his principal. I
do not hold that doctrine. But I do hold this:
that when a party of men engage in a common
venture which is in itself unlawful, and while
it is going on any one or any number of them
go beyond the original expectations of the
party and transgress to a degree that was not
anticipated in the formation of the plan, every
man becomes responsible for that act as though
he had committed it himself. In other words,
when a party of men engage in an unlawful
enterprise they become before the law security
for each other and responsible for the act of
each other.
Now, we know very well it is a part of the
history of the times that in the early part of
the war there was an immense effort to run
supplies into the southern country. They went
in by millions.
! Mr. DAWES. I think I cannot yield for a
! speech.
| Mr. MAYNARD. I am seeking informa-
! tion, and perhaps the gentleman can afford it
1 me. I would ask the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts to inform me whether there was a
common purpose formed by several persons,
including Mr. Trimble, to ship goods south—
I care not whether for the purpose of working
a railroad or what it was—and whether that
purpose' was concealed from the authorities at
the instance of Mr. Trimble, and whether
goods were, in point-ttf fact, sent south, and
were of such a character that their nse could
not have been mistaken—gray cloth, buttons,
buckles, bridle bits, &c.—and whether Mr.
Trimble went south to look after the proceeds
and came back and said that it was all right?
I ask what the facts are. There can be no
question what the law is in this case. This is
a question of fact, as I understand it.
i Mr. DAWES. If I understand the testi-
mony, the most that can be made of it, admit-
ting all that is claimed to be made of it on the
other side, is this: that there was a firm at
Paducah who were engaged in the business
when the war broke out of constructing a rail-
road in that part of the southern country which
afterward came into the rebel lines; it was
; upon ground not occupied by rebels but that
, came within the rebel lines.
Mr. MAYNARD. Can the gentleman tell
us the locality of that railroad?
Mr. DAWES. No, I cannot; I am giving
the gentleman every element of fact bearing
upon this case. I do not know so much about
the geography of Tennessee and Kentucky as
the two gentlemen who are sitting close to-
gether there, [Mr. Maynard and Mr. Symes,
the contestant,] and it is unkind in them to
i question me in geography. But it was either
in the rebel lines or it was not. I admit that
it was, and it does not make any difference
| whether it was a good way in or a little way in.
! Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman
| whether it is not shown by the evidence that
' several thousand rebels were encamped in that
; immediate locality?
i Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I am giving the
i gentleman all that is claimed by those who
I think that Mr. Trimble ought to be excluded.
; There was a firm consisting of three or four
members in the business of building this rail-
road. A portion of the members of that firm
owned a large grocery establishment in Padu-
. cah, whose business was furnishing supplies to
anybody who would come to Paducah and buy
them. A portion of the Paducah firm would
go to Cincinnati from time to time and buy
goods for their grocery establishment in Padu-
cah ; and the grocery establishment would sup-
ply this firm with provisions for their hands on
i the railroad. The man at the other end of the
line supplied the hands and sold the provisions
to them. And if he is to be believed, if the
matter is to depend upon his statement, he also
sold a portion of the goods to rebels.
Now this man, Ellithorp, after his brother
died, got into a quarrel with Mr. Trimble. He
claimed that his brother told him shortly
before he died that Mr. Trimble owed him a
sum of money, $2,000 or some other round
sum, and he said he would make these charges
against Mr. Trimble unless he would shell over
that sum.
The matter in dispute is simply this: first,
whether Mr. Trimble was or was not a mem-
ber of the firm in point of fact; and secondly,
if he was a member of the firm had he knowl-
edge of their transactions at the other end of
tne line, down there by the railroad.
Now, as to whether he was a member of the
firm or not, that all depends on the testimony
of this man, who is contradicted by seven wit-
nesses, who heard him tell the story in seven
different ways, all conflicting with his testi-
mony. In my mind that disposes of the ques-
tion whether he was a member of the firm or
not.
Then there is the little item of Mr. Trimble's
conversation at Cincinnati when he was up
there purchasing goods for this firm in Padu-
cah. A man came to him and told him that
there was a member of the firm in Paducah
there purchasing goods for the firm ; that the
goods were going to be sent South, and that he
was going to tell the authorities of it. Mr.
Trimble told him that he wished he would not
do any such thing, for he was engaged in that
Business also, that is, purchasing goods for the
firm in Paducah.
That firm in Paducah sold these goods to the
railroad firm, and one of the members of the
railroad firm sold some of the goods to some
confederates; that is all there is about this
matter. And that is all the allegation there is
against this gentleman, who is to be excluded
from his seat, if at all, on the ground that he
was disloyal in 1861.
But let me say that there is this evidence
which must be weighed along with this testi-
mony, which of itself is not very reliable ;
that is, evidenceas to the conduct of Mr. Trim-
ble duritag this time. Now the conduct of
Mr. Trimble during the time covered by these
transactions does not give any evidence of any
disloyalty on his part at that time.
I am not speaking of the sentiments that
Mr. Trimble avowed upon this floor during the
last Congress. I am speaking of the time
covered by this allegation. The testimony
is conclusive entirely that at that very time
there was no more ardent and zealous Union
man in all Kentucky than this same Lawrence
S. Trimble. He exposed his life in the can-
vass for the seat to which he was afterward
elected against that Mr. Burnett whom we
expelled for treason when he came here. His
life was threatened; he was advised by his
friends that a personal canvass of his district
was not consistent with his personal safety,
and he was advised to withdraw from the can-
vass. But he faced all the danger and can-
vassed that district as the Union candidate.
It is true that after the proclamation of eman-
cipation by Mr. Lincoln, Mr. Trimble, in com-
mon with a great many others in Kentucky,
gave up his support of Mr. Lincoln and his
party in Congress, and he was then found as
he is now.. But I am referring now to the
position of Mr. Trimble at the very time it is
alleged he was engaged in this illicit trade with
the enemy. To my mind not only is that
charge not proven but it is made very clear
that during that whole time Mr. Trimble was
anything but a man giving aid and comfort to
the enemies of his country.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment ?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. MAYNARD. On page 116 of Miscel-
laneous Document No. 47, where the witness
is referring to a passage between Mr. Trimble
and Mr. Anderson, is this testimony:
"Mr. Anderson called upon him to state emphati-
cally his position—whether or not he was in tavorot
furnishing men or money for the prosecution ot the
war Mr Trimble said he was opposed to furnishing
men and money for the purposo of destroying tho
Constitution. Mr. Anderson told him that that was
no answer, and he pressed the question. The slieuii
of the county also got up and told Mr. Trimble, ' Wo
want you to answer that question; we want no mis-
understanding about it.' Mr. Trimble had by this
time got near to the door, and finally he said that
he would not vote a dollar or a man to carry on the
war as it was prosecuted—that it was an abolition
war, and that ne would not vote a man or a dollar
for it. There was a great deal of excitement, and
there seemed to be a disposition on the part of the
crowd to mob Mr. Anderson, and not t« let him
speak. I made my way through the crowd, handed
