1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1885
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator deems it
important to act upon them, of course I shall
not interpose an objection.
Mr. ANTHONY. I thinlc it important to
act upon the report, but I think it more im-
portant that when acted upon it should be done
deliberately, and I do not wish to press it against
the wishes of any Senator.
Mr. SUMNER. I will say that I saw agreat
many changes which 1 think very valuable, and
for which 1 desire to thank the committee. I
think we shall all be gainers by them; but I
have not finished the study of them.
Mr. ANTHONY. I withdraw the motion,
because I do not wish to have the subject con-
sidered against the wishes of any Senator.
exporters or distilled spirits.
Mr. MORGAN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 764) for the relief of certain
exporters of distilled spirits, to report it back
with an amendment and recommend its pas-
sage. This is an important bill 
Mr. SUMNER. I inquire of my friend if
it cannot be acted on now?
Mr. MORGAN. If there is no objection, I
trust it will be passed at once. There is a
necessity for acting upon it.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the'bill. It proposes to construe the act
of January 11, 1868, entitled "An act to pre-
vent frauds in the collection of tax on distilled
spirits," so as to permit alcohol and rum, which
at the date of the passage of that act were
already distilled or redistilled and intended for
export, or actually contracted for to be deliv-
ered for exportation, to be withdrawn, removed,
and exported from the United States under
such transportation and export bonds and regu-
lations as were required therefor immediately
prior to the passage of that act; but all such
spirits are to be actually exported within thirty
days from the passage of this act: and before
any such exportation shall be permitted proof
in writing is to be furnished by sworn evidence,
to the satisfaction of the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, that such liquor was in fact at
the date mentioned intended for export, and
distilled or redistilled for that, purpose or act-
ually contracted for to be so exported. And
upon failure to so export within thirty days the
tax thereon is to become due and payable, and
the bonds given for the transportation and ex-
port thereof are to be forfeited and collected
as in case of such bonds not canceled accord-
ing to law.
The Committee on Finance reported the bill
with an amendment on lines thirteen and
twenty, to strike out the word "thirty" and
insert " sixty " before the word " days."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to hear some
explanation of this bill.
Mr. MORGAN. It will be recollected that
in January last Congress passed an act in
which it was provided:
" That no distilled spirits in bond shall bo with-
drawn or removed from any warehouse for the pur-
pose of transportation, redistillation, rectification,
obansc of package, exportation, or for any other
purpose whatever, until the full tax on such spirits
shall have been duly paid to thooolleetor oi the pro-
per distiiet."
Now, it is stated that there are in Boston,
and perhaps in New York, quantities of liquor
which were prepared for exportation at that
time for which the freight had been paid.
This exportation is mainly to Africa, and some
to the Mediterranean. It probably was not
the intention of Congress to prevent entirely
the exportation of liquor. The main reason
for the passage of that law was to prevent
frauds upon the revenue. This bill passed the
House of Representatives after some con-
sideration without any objection whatever. I
have a letter from the collector of Boston,
Mr. Thomas Russell, addressed to Mr. Hooper,
in which he states that he can add nothing to
what he has heretofore said as to the entire
absence of fraud in this trade with Africa, and
he says further:
" I can confidently say that no fraud on tho reve-
nue has been attempted in the export of spirits
since I have been here."
As I said, some ten or twelve cargoes have
been prepared in Boston for exportation to
Africa, as well as some other spirits both in
New York and Baltimore. The Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Johnson] probably has some
knowledge of that. As this bill was passed by
the House of Representatives it was limited to
thirty days. On consultation yesterday with
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue he
thought that the restrictions in the bill were
such that it would be a nullity ; he could not
get through with the examinations and be of
any service in thirty days, and he recommended
sixty days as the least possible time in which
it could be done.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire of
the Senator what there is to prevent the ex-
portation of these articles to Nova Scotia or
New Brunswick in order to avoid the tax, and
then their return to us in the course of two
months from Nova Scotia across the line. They
are in the habit, I believe, of doing that to
a very considerable extent with all kinds of
goods without paying any duty. It may be
answered that they must produce proof of the
fact that it was the intention to export these
goods; but we all know with what facility
custom-house oaths are furnished.
Mr. MORGAN. I do not know that any
guards can be thrown around the exportation
of liquor that will prevent frauds. If the Sen-
ator can suggest any amendment that will ac-
complish that object I for one shall be very
glad to adopt it. Yet, I suppose, it was not
the intention of Congress to prevent the export
of liquor to foreign countries. It is the inten-
tion, of course, to prevent frauds, and every-
thing that can be done in that direction should
be done ; but. it was not the intention to pre-
vent entirely the exportation of liquor to for-
eign countries.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was not able to vote
for this bill in committee. The objections to
the bill were to me apparent on the face of
it. We passed an act a month or two ago
to prevent the removal of whisky from a
bonded warehouse for the purpose of cutting
off frauds. A portion of these frauds was in
the exportation of whisky. The evidence be-
fore the committee showed that one of the
modes of fraud was thatunder the pretense of
exporting whisky. Sometimes the whisky was
changed into water at the warehouse, or at
any rate before it entered the vessel; and
when loaded upon the vessel it was either
whisky of an inferior quality or else water, and
that stuff was exported to Africa and to other
countries, while the real whisky appeared in
consumption and was consumed here; and in
that way our revenue laws wore evaded.
That bill was very harsh undoubtedly, and
it prevented a great deal of fair trade in
whisky. We export, I think, about five mil-
lion gallons of whisky, which is only about
five per cent, of our production of that article.
Under cover of exportations the revenue has
been actually defrauded to about ten million
dollars on the exportation of whisky alone.
Now, I have no doubt, that the refusal of the
Senate to pass this bill may do injustice to a
few merchants, but it is very certain that
the passage of the bill will open the door to
fraud to many times the value of the whisky.
My friend from Maryland [Mr. Johnson]
asks me how. Why, sir, how easy will it be
to furnish the proof under this bill. All you
have to do is to show that the whisky is man-
ufactured for exportation, and that can be done
very easily, for all whisky is manufactured with
a view to exportation, because some of it may
be exported; and it will be very easy to fur-
nish proof that the particular whisky was in-
tended for exportation.
We are told, and proof was furnished to us,
that there are nine vessels now waiting in
Boston to be loaded with whisky. When
this whisky is pat on board, supposing the
actual whisky to be put on shipboard, the vessel
may float out into the ocean and put into Nova
Scotia and land it there, and then it may be
brought into our country from Nova Scotia
and enter into our consumption. In this way,
under pretense of favoring trade in an article
worth from fifteen to thirty-five cents agallon,
we may cheat the revenue to the extent of two
dollars a gallon. I do not believe it is possi-
ble to prevent fraud under the bill. If the
bill passes it will relieve a few merchants who
will be enabled to drive a profitable trade
with Africa, butthe probability isthat the reve-
nue will be defrauded several times the value
of the whisky exported. The difficulty in
guarding the bill from fraud was so great that
1 could not see my way clear to vote for it.
As a matter of course, I should like very well
to enable merchants to carry out their con-
tracts. It was said that in a great many eases
whisky was contracted to be delivered in
Africa and at other places, and if this bill
did not pass those who had made those con-
tracts would be compelled by act of Congress
to violate them, and would be subjected to
damages and delay and loss. That is true;
and if there was any way to relieve them I
should be very glad to do it, but I am afraid that
the way proposed will open the door to fraud
upon the Government to the extent of more
than a hundred times all the losses which will
be sustained by those gentlemen in conse-
quence of the violation of their contracts.
So it appears to me. I cannot see any way to
guard the bill or any amendment which will
protect the revenue ; and for this reason I did
not feel disposed to vote for it in committee,
and I cannot do it here.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This bill is
intended merely as a temporary measure until
the Committee of Ways and Means of the
House of Representatives can prepare a more
permanent measure by which the exportation
of liquors can bo allowed and yet the revenue
protected. This bill is limited to two classes
of cases: first, where contracts have abso-
lutely been made for the delivery of liquor ; or
second, where it has been absolutely distilled
and marked in all the proper forms for export.
Limited to these two cases, I cannot conceive
that the amount of fraud perpetrated under it,
when the matter is to be regulated by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, can be very
great. These parties have not only contracted
l'or the delivery of the spirits, but tlicy have
chartered vessels for the African trade. That
trade is very important to the country. It
consists in palm oil, ivory, and other articles,
and it is rather important at the present time
that it should be kept up. I do not conceive
myself that there can be any valid objection
to the passage of the bill. It is only to oper- ,
ate for a short time, and it is certainly a very
great hardship to the parties in various cities,
Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York, and Bos-
ton, who have such contracts already made,
that the Government should have interfered in
this manner. I trust, therefore, the bill will
Mr. JOHNSON. The bill upon its face is
obviously right and ought to be passed, unless
it contravenes some settled policy of the Gov-
ernment—a policy which looks to the increase
of the revenue. At the time the contracts were
made to which the bill, refers they were legal
every way. There was nothing to prevent the
merchant from sending this article abroad, and
of course there was nothing to prevent his en-
tering into contracts to furnish it. 'I he con-
tracts, therefore, were all legitimate, and the
effect of the passage of the act of Januaiy, 1868,
is to force citizens who were guilty of no vio-
lation of law to violate their contracts. Is there
any policy which demands that Congress should
take so extraordinary a step as to force its own
citizens to violate engagements entered into at
a time when they were perfectly legal?
It is said by the honorable member from.
