1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3883
retired officers of the army.
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent,
also reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs a bill (H. K. No. 1378) declaring the
meaning of the several acts in relation to
retired officers of the Army ; which was read a
first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and recommitted.
PURCHASE of ALASKA.
The SPEAKER. The House will now
resume the consideration of the bill (11. ii. No.
1096) making an appropriation of money to
carry into effect the treaty with Russia of
March 10,1807, which bill was to be considered
to-day in Committee of the AV hole immediately
after the reading of the Journal. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] is enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. BANKS. I yield to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.]
he appraisement of foreign merchandise.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee of Ways
and Means, adversely, the petition of certain
New York merchants in relation to the reap-
praisement of foreign merchandise imported.
The petition is accompanied with drafts of two
bills. The committee recommend that no such
bills be passed. I will ask the rending of a
short letter on this subject from the Secretary
of the Treasury.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the letter will be read.
There was no objection; and the Clerk read
as follows:
treasury department, June 11, isos.
Sir: i have the honor to return herewith tho peti-
tion of certain New York mere-hunts and the draits
of two bills in relation to foreign merchandise, which
were submitted by you on the Ot-Ii instant for my
views thereon.
The legislation prayed for would, in my opinion,
jeopardize the revenue from impost to an almost
inconceivable extent, and would overthi ow the whole
revenue system and the lawsandrogulationsgovern-
ing it. Amony tho signors to tho petition are to be
found the names of farms who have been detected in
heavy frauds upon the revenue, and the manifest
object ot the parties is to deprive tho Government
of the salutary cheeks it now holds over tho unscru-
pulous importer.
i am, very respectfully,
ii. mcculloch,
Secretary of ttie Trutxury.
Hon. jamf.s k. mooriiead,
Home of Representatives, Washington, D. C.
The SPEAKER. If there bo no objection,
the petition and accompanying papers will be
laid on the table.
There was no objection.
tonnage duties on spanish vessels.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury; which was read, as
follows:
Treasury Department, July 8,1808.
sib: Permit mo to call the attention of tho Hon.-so
to a communication addressed to jou irom this De-
jiartmcnt on the 11th ot ^February labtrespectiiig the
mwa governing tonnage duties ehaigeabie against
Spanish vessels in ports of tho United states. Tlie
Uisv upon this subject is, in my opinion, in urgent
need of early amendment; and I may be pardoned
for expressing an earnest hopo that action will be
taken upon it during the present session.
V ery respectfully,
ii. Mcculloch,
Secretary of the Treasury,
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker of the Iluwie of llepi escntatwcs.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
witiidkawah of i'apehs.
Mr. ECKLEY asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House papers
in the case of Benjamin Deford & Son.
tiiomas w. ward.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, reported
buck, from the Committee on Commerce, a
bill (S. No. 542) for the relief of Thomas W.
Ward, late collector of customs for the district
of Corpus Christ), Texas. ^
The bill was read. Ir authorizes and directs
the proper accounting ollh'eis of the Treasury
to audit and settle the accounts of Thomas
W. Ward, late collector of customs for the dis-
trict of Corpus Christi, Texas, from March 5,
1867, to July 1,1867, and to allow him thesalme
compensation and emoluments as if he had
been legally collector of customs for that dis-
trict for the period named, and that the deputy
collector appointed by Ward on the 7th of
March, 1867, be recognized as the legal deputy
collector of the district; and the accounting
officers are authorized to settle the accounts of
the deputy in the same manner as if he had
been legally appointed and all his acts were
legal.
The bill was ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
public lands in nevada.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill II. No. 1379) to aid in ascer-
taining the value of certain public lands in
Story county, in the State of Nevada; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
taxation and public debt.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (IT. B. No. 1880) to equalize taxation
and reduce the interest on the public debt;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
reference of lillls, etc.
Mr. UPSON. I move to reconsider the
various votes by which bills and joint resolu-
tions have been referred this morning, and also
move that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
donation 01? maiusle columns.
Mr. O'NEILL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution (IT. It. No. 328) for
the donation of certain columns; which was
read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was read. It directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to donate to such
cemeteries as have been in whole or in part
dedicated to the burial of soldiers and sailors
who lost their lives in the service of the Uni-
ted States, or to such volunteer associations of
citizens as attended to their wants and com-
forts while living, six columns taken from the
old Pennsylvania bank building, provided only
one column shall bedonated to such cemetery
or association in any one State and the same
shall be used as a monument.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. O'NEll jj moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
arkansas tax commissioners.
Mr. ROOTS. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table Senate bill No.
504, concerning tax commissioners for tho State
of Arkansas.
There was no objection, and the bill was
taken up and read a first and second time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that that bill be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to.
purchase of alaska again.
Mr. BANKS. I now resume the floor, and
will state that my purpose is to ask the House
to postpone the vote on the Alaska bill until
Tuesday next. A large number of members
on the other side are absent attending the
Democratic convention in New York city,
while a large number on this side are absent
attending the Republican convention at Syra-
cuse. Many who are here are paired off. It
is scarcely possible, therefore, that a quorum
is present. I desire there shall be a full House
when this question is decided, whatever the
decision may be. I ask that the vote shall
be taken on Tuesday next, under the same
arrangement that we are now under.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
The SPEAKER. The House, by unanimous
consent, ordered this bill should be taken up
in the Committee of the Whole and voted on
after the reading of the J ournal. It was post-
poned by a bill on which the previous question
was called last evening, but which is now dis-
posed of. The gentleman from Massachusetts
moves to postpone with the same priority to
Tuesday next, after the reading of the Journal.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to amend the motion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a question of order. This bill was set down by
unanimous consent for a vote to-day, and it is
not in the power of a majority to postpone it.
It can only be postponed by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. On page 182 of the Digest it
will be found that " a special order maybe
postponed by a majority vote." itthpn goes
on to state that according to the usage when-
ever the time arrives for the consideration of a
special order in Committee of the Whole the
same may be postponed by a vote in the ITouse.
Mr. BANKS. The motion to postpone is
always in order.
The SPEAKER. The bill having been
reached for consideration in the Committee
of the Whole, it may be postponed with the
same priority. There was a precedent this
session. The tax bill first reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means was made a
special order from day to day after the morn-
ing hour. The House will recollect the ques-
tion being asked by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] whether each day,
when the time arrived to go into committee,
the bill could be postponed. The Chair stated
that it could, as the bill was within the control
of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
a diS'erence between thaL state of facts and
where the matter has been set down by unani-
mous consent.
The SPEAKER. Special orders are made
by a two-thirds vote when the rules can be sus-
pended, but when the rules cannot be sus-
pended by unanimous consent. The tax bill
was also made the special order by unanimous
consent.
Mr. PAINE. I move the following as a
substitute for the present motion.
The following is the proposition, only the first
two lines of which were read :
Whereas it is one of tlio first duties of every Gov-
crnment to assort the just demands of its citizens
against other Governments: and whereas Ann 13.
Peikint*, administratrix, a citizen of Massachusetts
has petitioned tho Government of tho United Stated
for its intercession with tiie Government of Russia
for tho adjustment of a certain demand for muskets
and gunpowder sold to the Government ot Russia
during the Crimean war, which demand has been
examined and pronounced just by tho Secretary ot
State of the United States; and whereas in the treaty
of the purchase of Alaska no provision is made for
the adjustment of any demands of citizens of the
United States against the Government of
and whereas an opportunity ought to be afforded to
the President of tho United States to invito the Gov-
ernment ol Russia to an examination and adjust-
ment of the said demand of Ann B. Perkins: There-
lore, . „ ^
liesolved. That the further consideration ot tho
appropriation for tho payment for Alaska be post-
poned until the second Monday of next December.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to the
pending motion to postpone to move a propo-
sition with " whereases."
Mr. PAINE. Let it be read. There is
something more than "whereases."
Mr. WOOD131MDGE. I object.
Mr. PAINE. So much as is unobjectionable
I suppose I have a right to have reported.
The SPEAKER, if the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] yields, the gentle-
man can have it reported.
