1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
335
40th Cong....2d-Sess.
Representation in Congress—Mr. Willey.
Senaie.
of the honorable Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Vickers] yesterday, and the remarks of my
friend from Delaware, [Mr. Sattlsbury,} have
revived the questions of the constitutional
authority and propriety of the reconstruction
bills uponwhich the pending bill is predicated.
I shall not enter into an argument on those
questions, but I desire to submit a few facts as
illustrative of the state of the case in reference
to them, if not for the Senate, at least for the
country.
Mr. President, the issue to-day involved in
this bill and dividing the Senate is between
the reconstruction policy of the President of
the United States and that of Congress. That
is the real antagonism of this debate. Let us
look at the facts surrounding the case. I sup-
pose, though I do not know whether I should
not err in the supposition, that there is hardly
a Senator here who would say that the con-
federate governments in the southern States
existing at the time of Lee's surrender and of
the overthrow of the rebellion had any legal
validity; and yet I doubt whether Senators
can make their arguments thoroughly logical
unless they trace them back to the acknowl-
edgment of the fact that these governments
existing at the time of the collapse of the
rebellion were in some form or sort legal gov-
ernments, to be recognized at least as de facto.
To sueh Senators who are disposed to follow
the lead of Mr. Johnson a few facts from his
record ought to settle that question, and I shall
read them without any commentary. I refer
first to an executive order, dated '' Executive
Chamber, Washington city, May 9. 1865." It
will give the Senate and the country the views
which the Executive at that time entertained
of the validity of these southern State govern-
ments :
"Ordered, 1. That all acts and proceedings of the
political, military, and civil organizations which
have been in a state of insurrection and rebellion,
within the State of Virginia, against the authority
and laws of the United States, and of which Jefferson
Davis. John Letcher, and William Smith were late
the respective chiefs, are declared null and void," &c
So much for Virginia.
And again, carrying out the same views, we
have the following dispatch from Major General
Canby to Major General Warren, commanding
the department of Mississippi, dated May 21,
18G5:
" By direction of the President, you will not recog-
nize any officer of the confederate or State govern-
ment, within the limits of your command, as author-
ized to exercise in any manner whatever the function^
of their late offices. You will ijrevent, by force, if
necessary, any attempt of any ot the Legislatures of
the States in insurrection to assemble for legislative
purposes, and will imprison any members or other
persons who may attempt to exercise these functions
in opposition to your orders."
Here is a complete repudiation of the legal
validity of all the confederate State authorities
existing at that time. But, sir, as I said just
now, the real question at issue is between Mr.
Johnson's system of reconstruction in the
southern States and the congressional plan of
reconstruction; and the congressional policy
is objected to by Senators because they believe,
as I suppose, that the existing State govern-
ments in the South as reorganized by Mr.
Johnson are constitutional and valid, and that
these governments in the southern States as
thus organized through the Executive being so
valid, legal, and constitutional, Congress has,
therefore, no right to set them aside and insti-
tute others in their stead. Let us see how that
is in the opinion of the President himself. I
need hardly refer the Senate to dispatches
which have been so often repeated here; but
perhaps it will do no harm to recount them
very briefly. I assert, therefore, that at the
time of the institution of these governments
in the southern States by the present Executive
he had no idea that they were to be binding,
valid, perpetual, legal governments; that at
the time he instituted them he did so with the
express understanding and reservation that
they were to be submitted to the judgment of
Congress and to the approval of Congress, in
evidence of which fact you have the dispatch
to W. L. Sharkey and the dispatch to William
Marvin. Governor Sharkey having requested,
under date of Juty 24,1865, that military inter-
ference with the civil tribunals of that State
might be prohibited, the President replied:
"The government of the State will be provisional
only until the civil authorities shall be restored, with
the approval of Congress. Meanwhile military au-
thority cannot be withdrawn."
The dispatch to Governor Marvin was in
these words:
Departmext op State,
Washington, tieptember 12,18G5.
Sir: Tour excellency's letter of tho 29th ultimo,
with the accompanying proclamation, has been re-
ceived and submitted to tho President. The steps
to which it refers, toward reorganizing the govern-
ment of Florida, seem to be in the main judicious,
and good results from them may be hoped for. The
presumption to which the proclamation refers, how-
ever, in favor of insurgents who may wish to vote,
and who may have applied for, but not received,
their pardons, is not entirely approved. All appli-
cations for pardons will be duly considered, and will
bedisposed of as soon as may be practicable, It must,
however, be distinctly understood that the restora-
tion to which your proclamation refers will be sub-
ject to the decision of Congress.
Xhave the honor to be, your excellency's obedi-
ent servant, WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
His Excellency William Marvin.
But there are some other facts that have a
bearing upon this aspect of the subject. I
allude to the manner in which the President
has regarded these States after they were thus
instituted by him, to show that by his own
action he repudiated their authority, their bind-
ing force, and their validity as State govern-
ments independent of Executive control or
of congressional control. I refer you to an
instance, perhaps forgotten by Senators ; when
General Terry, then in command at the city of
Richmond, set aside an act of the Virginia
Legislature, called "the vagrant act." Gen-
eral Terry undertook, upon his military author-
ity, to set that act aside. From his order in
the premises an appeal was made, and a dele-
gation was sent to Washington, and an inter-
view was had with the President. The order
of General Terry was in these words :
" It is, therefore, ordered that no magistrate, civil
officor, or other person, shall, in any way or manner,
apply or attempt to apply the provisions of said stat-
ute to any colored person in this department."
This was in contravention of an act of the
Legislature of Virginia passed under the re-
construction policy of Mr. Johnson, and when
the matterwas laid before Mr. Johnson he over-
ruled the petitioners' application and allowed
General Terry's order to stand.
Again, we all know that when the pirate
Semmes was elected a probate judge at Mobile,
and the matter was brought to the notice of
the Executive at Washington, he immediately
telegraphed orders that Semmes should be
ousted from office, and designated a military
officer, to act as judge of probate in Mobile in
his stead.
Why, sir, the history of the past few years is
full of instances corroborating the same fact.
As late as July, 1806, General Grant, then
under authority of tho President, his Com-
mander-in-Chief, issued the following sweep-
ing order in reference to the authority of these
State governments in all the southern States :
[General Orders, No. 44.]
Headquarters of the Army,
Adjutant General's Office,
Washington, .hiin G. 1866.
Department, district, and post commanders in the
States lately in rebellion, aro hereby directed to ar-
rest all persons who have been or may hereafter be
charged with the commission of crimes and offenses
against officers, agents, citizens, and inhabitants of
the United States, irrespective of color, in cases
where the civil authorities have failed, neglected, or
are unable to arrest and bring sueh parties to trial,
and to detain them in military eontiuemcnt until
such time as a proper judicial tribunal may bo ready
and wilting to try them.
A strict and prompt enforcement of this order is
required.
By command of Lieutenant General Grant:
E. D. TOWNSKXD.
A Adjutant general.
Such was the manner in which the President
of the •.•United States regarded the authority of
these State governments which he setup in the
South, and which he and Senators who sustain
him now desire us to recognize as legal and as
beyond the reach and control of congressional
legislation.
But there is another objection alleged to this
bill now pending that I may notice in passing.
My friend sitting by my side [Mr. Saulsbury]
claims these southern States being States in the
Union, we have no authority to impose upon
them any fundamental conditions in the res-
toration of representation : in fact, denied that
we had any authority in the premises to impose
any conditions whatsoever, as I understoodhim.
Now, what kind of a record does his leader,
the President of the United States, exhibit in
tho premises? The plan of the President is
the antagonistic plan.
Mi-. SAULSBURY. Will my friend allow
me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. WILLEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAULSBTJRY. When I am to be the
follower of any man, Mr. President, I beg leave
to say to my honorable friend, 1 wish to have
some voice in the choice of my leader. I can-
not consentthat the Republican party, of which
the Senator is a member, shall select a leader
for me. Four years ago the party to which he
belongs, with his hearty approval, took the
present President of the U mted States as its
second great leader, and commended him to the
people ofthe United States. I did not accept
him as a leader then; I do not choose to have
lnm imposed upon me as a leader now by the
honorable gentleman. But I will say that when
he seeks to do injustice to his own leader,
believing his leader to be honest in his present
policy and in the course which he is pursuing,
a sense of justice prompts me to vindicate the
character of that diutinguished leader of the
gentleman against his own assaults.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, in assigning
my friend to a position under the leadership of
Mr. Johnson, 1 merely designed to designate
the fact, which I do not understand him to
deny, that he is following in his footsteps ; that
he is a friend of his policy—especially of his
policy in regard to what is called the recon-
struction of the late rebellious States.
Mr.- SAULSBURY. One word more, and I
will not interrupt the Senator again. As to
being the friend of the President of the United
States, I was his personal friend before he was
President; I am his personal friend still. I
believe him. to be an honest man, a patriot,
and acting with an eye single to the good ot"
his country. But if the Senator will observe
the speech which I made on this floor this winter
on the subject of reconstruction, I dissented
from the policy of the President or the basis
of authority which he claimed for his plan of
reconstruction, while also dissenting from the
plan or the basis of authority of the plan of
the Congress of the United States. I hold, as
I held then, that the guaranty clause of the
Constitution gave no authority to the President
of the United States or to Congress to inter-
vene in regard to these southern States ; that
they were Slates in the Union before what you
call the rebellion ; that they were States in the
Union during that rebellion; that they were
States in the Union subsequent to that rebel-
lion ; that the constitutions which they had
previous to the rebellion were valid constitu-
tions ; that the constitutions under which they
lived during the rebellion were valid, subsist-
ing constitutions of a government de facto,
to which the people owed obedience, and by
which they could be punished in case of diso-
bedience ; and that the governments which they
formed subsequent to the termination ot the
war v. ere valid and subsisting governments ; in
other words, that they never nave been, smee
they have been in the Union, without valid,
subsisting, obligatory governments upon them,
to which their obedience was due ; aad 1 cited
