2860
IKE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB
of the House Reconstruction Committee on
this point, which sums up with a good deal of
ability (ho whole question. The same point
was made in the House of Representatives,
the same objections were made there, and the
House finally agreed to admit Alabama to rep-
resentation. YVe have waived this restrictive
clause in regard to the other-States. We have
allowed Arkansas to come in, easting for the
constitution less than half the registered vote.
We propose by (his bill to allow four other
States that have not, east for the constitution
one half the registered votes to come in. Why
exclude Alabama, the earliest, the most faith-
ful of those to attempt reconstruction upon
the terras proposed by Congress? It seems to
me it is harsh and unjust to do it.
But there is one other consideration that is
more important yet, which would influence my
vote for the admission of Alabama even if
there were irregularities, and that is. that there
is a vital necessity to close as rapidly as possi-
ble the work of reconstruction in order to have
the question of the adoption of the fourteenth
article of amendment settled forever. Now, itis
a matter of dispute whether that amendment
has been adopted, what number of States is
required for its adoption ; until that dispute is
settled there will be grave controversy spring-
ing up on the presidential election. Itis abso-
lutely necessary—one of those vital questions
that present themselves foremost—to settle this
matter before the presidential election, so that
there shall be no controversy as to the right of
any State to vote at that election. It seemsto
me it is vital to secure the adoption of the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution, and
that we cannot plead technicalities in order to
prevent the accomplishment of that end. Here
the people of Alabama have, in compliance
with your act, done all that you required of
them that it was possible for them to do. They
have done more than any other State has done,
and made a braver effort to accomplish that
result, and now you turn your back upon them
and say that they alone of these States shall be
excluded from representation here.
Let me warn Senators of another fact. If
you do not admit the State of Alabama, you have
anarchy and lawlessness and strife and violence
all over thatState. Whatgovernraentisthere in
Alabama if you deprive them of the State gov-
ernment formed by themselves? The military
governments being superseded. It was merely
put there as a scaffold upon which to erect this
work of reconstruction, and it ceases as soon
as the work is performed. General Meade tells
you the reasons why the people could not suc-
ceed in complying with j'our acts, and they are
reasons that it was not within their power to
avoid. He urges upon you the necessity of
giving these people the benefit of local law,
of local regulations. The Legislature is ready
to convene, ready to adopt your constitutional
amendment. It is loyal. It represetus the
loyal element there. It was elected by a larger
vote than has been cast for the Legislature of
any other of these States. Itseemsto meit is
unjust to exclude them. By this course you
work into the hands of the rebels, for you thus
enable them to carry out their cunningly devised
scheme to defeat reconstruction in Alabama.
You leave the local government of Alabama in
disloyal hands; you leave Johnson's minions
and tools, put in power there under his plan of
reconstruction, to possess the local-government
of thatState, and you refuse to organize a gov-
ernment based upon your, own laws and your
own plan. You decide in favor of the State
government of Alabama as organized by John-
son against the State government of Alabama
as organized under your law.
It seems to me this is too grave a question to
be decided by mere technicalities* The only
difficulty in the way is the absence of four or
five thousand votes. If five thousand votes
more had been cast for this constitution or
against it at the election your law would have
been literally complied with; but that five
thousand is more than accounted for in the
testimony by causes beyond their power, by
actual threats and violence. In one case,
according to the testimony, more than two
hundred persons were excluded from a single
poll by an officer under some pretense or tech-
nicality. According to the statement' of C.
W. Pierce, of Gainsville, two hundred and
sixty-nine ballots were refused 
The PRESIDEN'I\pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to inform the Senate that there is
a special order for this day, being the consid-
eration of pension bills.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that that be post-
poned until to-morrow.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I must decidedly
object. There are seventy-three pension-bills
011 the Calendar, and some of them have been
there since February; and to-day having been
set apart for their consideration, it seems to
me we had better go on with them regularly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
West Virginia will not seek to take up these
pension bills to-da}'. They certainly are less
important than this great measure.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. They may be less
important in a public sense, but they are cer-
tainly important to the parties concerned.
Mr. TltUMBULL. They are important to
the parties, but they will doubtless have atten-
tion. I hope they will not be taken up to-
day. I believe a motion was made to postpone
their consideration ; if not, I now make that
motion.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. [ move to amend the
motion so that they be postponed to Monday,
and made the special order for one o'clock of
that day.
Mr. CONNESS. _ I hope not, I hope Mon-
day will not be assigned to the consideration
of these bills. We shall undoubtedly come
early to their consideration; but it seems
hardly right to set Monday apart, and I hope
it will not be done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is first on the amendment of the Senator
from West Virginia. The original motion was
to postpone the special order of to-day, pen-
sion bills, until to-morrow. The amendment
is to postpone that order until Monday, and
make it the special order for that day.
The amendment was not agreed- to—ayes
seven, noes not counted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
California, to postpone the special order of
to-day until to-morrow.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. To-morrow is set aside
for bills from the Committee on Commerce,
and that was the reason I proposed Monday
for pension bills. Because I am interfered
with I do not think Iain justified in interfering
with another committee.
Mr. CONNESS. This motion amounts
simply to a postponement for the present;
that is all.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The motion
| to postpone, if agreed to, amounts to a post-
ponement for the present. It does not disturb
j the order already made setting apart to morrow
j for bills reporte 1 from the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. CONNESS. Not at all.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
; The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
1 will take this opportunity to lay before the
Senate some House bills for reference.
The following bills and joint resolution,
received from the House of Representatives,
were severally read twice by their titles, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands:
A bill (H. R. No. 23) to protect the rights
of actual settlers upon the public lands of the
United Slates;
A bill (H. R. No. 554) making a grant of
land to the State of Minnesota to aid in the
improvement of navigation of the Mississippi
river;
A bill (H. R. No. 931) amendatory of the
act entitled ''An act to secure homesteads to
a-ctual settlers on the public domain," approved
May 20, 1862, and of the acts amendatory-
thereof, approved March 21, 1864, and June'
21, 1866;
A bill (H. R. No. 1156) authorizing the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office to issue?
a patent to P. N. Blake for one hundred and
sixty acres of land in Kansas;
A bill (H. R. No. 1157) to cede to the State
of Ohio the unsold lands in the Virginia mili-
tary district in that, State; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 286) relative
to the lands of the Cherokee and Great and
Little Osage Indians.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were read twice by their titles and
referred as indicated below:
The bill (H. R. No. 202) to create the office of
surveyor general in the Territory of Utah, and
to establish a land office in said Territory, and
extend the homestead and preemption laws
over the same—to the Committees on Territo-
ries.
The bill (H. R. No. 1118) to confirm to J.
M. Hutchings and J. C. Lamon their preemp-
tion claims in the Yosemite Valley, in the
State of California—to the Committee ou Pri-
vate Land Claims.
The bill (H. R. No. 1121) to prevent an ap-
propriation therein'*mentioned from lapsing
because of delay in the adjustment—to the
Committee on Appropriations.
The joint resolution (IT. R. No. 284) to pro-
vide for the removal of a suit pending in the
circuit court of J efferson county, West Virginia,
to the circuit court of the United States, was
read twice by its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask that that bill be-
not referred at this moment until it can be
examined. These is an importance in its early
passage, if it is to pass at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie
on the table at present.
DEFICIENCIES IN APPROPRIATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 1117) to supply par-
tial deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending 30th June,-
18C8.
The House amendment was to add to the
Senate amendments the following it m :
To supply a deficiency in the contingent fund of
the Pension Office. $10,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
CITIES AND .TOWNS ON PCBLIC LANDS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 188) to
amend an act entitled " An act for the relief
of the inhabitants of cities and towns upon the
public lands." approved March 2, 1867, which
was in line thirteen to insert the word " valid"
before the words " mining claims."
Mr. STEWART. I hope that amendment
will be concurred in. I do not think it changes
the bill. &
The amendment was concurred in.
SEVADA LAND GRANT,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid l^fore
the Senate the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 190) to far-
ther provide for giving effect to the various
grants of public lauds to the State of Nevada,
the amendment being to strike out all of the
second section ofthe bill after the word " that " ,
in the first line, in the following words:
The land office at Belmont. Nye county. State of
-Nevada, is hereby removed to Aurora, in Esmeralda
county, aiid the district shall bo kaown as the Aurora
; district. The counties of .Nye. Lincoln, and Lander
shall constitute a land district, the office of which is
1 located at Austin.
I And to insert in liea thereof:
The county of Esmeralda, in the State of Nevada,
! S;t"1.|he counties of Mono and Inyo, in the State of
i Oaliiornui, are hereby created aland district: and
the land, office for such district shall be located at
I Aurora, m Esmeralda county.
j Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senate will
