3884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
Mr. PAINE. I claim that I have a right to
offer it.
The SPEAKER. When the Chair decided
that the amendment was not in order, that took
the floor from the gentleman from Wisconsin
and gave it to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. When a member offers a proposition
which is not in order under the rules he can-
not hold the floor to make a subsequent propo-
sition.
Mr. PAINE. My proposition changes the
day.
_ The SPEAKER. That is a new proposi-
tion. If the gentleman from Massachusetts
yields it will be reported.
Mr. BANKS. Will the gentleman tell me
■what day he wishes to substitute ?
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman moved to postpone to a certain
day. I proposed to amend by changing the
day upon which a vote is to be taken.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not
stated precisely the fact according to the recol-
lection of the Chair. The gentleman from
Massachusetts moved to postpone the further
consideration of the bill till Tuesday next, im-
mediately after the reading of the Journal. The
gentleman from Wisconsin moved to amend.
The Clerk commenced reading the amendment
which commenced with a "whereas," being
an argument and not a motion to change the
time. A motion to postpone with an argument
is not privileged. The Chair so stated. The
gentleman then asked that the proposition be
read. _ The Chair said it would be if there was
no objection. Objection being made, the Chair
gave the floor to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. PAINE. That does not cover my
point. I insist I have now a right to move an
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, as the floor camo into the pos-
session of the gentleman from Massachusetts
when the amendment of the gentleman from
Wisconsin was ruled out of order. Does the
gentleman from Massachusetts yield to allow
the amendment to be offered?
Mr. BANKS. I do not. •
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will it be
in order to move to amend by substituting
another day certain ?
The SPEAKER. It will be if the gentle-
man from Massachusetts yields, or if the pre-
vious question is not sustained on the motion
now pending.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
hope the House will vote down the previous
question.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I do not wish
to occupy the time. My only reason for mov-
ing to postpone is that there shall be 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is this
motion debatable?
I he SPEAKER. It is within narrow limits.
The Clerk will read the rule.
The Clerk read as follows :
,, ' motion to postpone to a day certain under
tne practice admits of but very limited debate."
The SPEAKER. This has always been the
rule. Limited debate, not touching the merits
of the bill, but as to the question of the pro-
priety of postponing it to some future day is
allowable.
Mr. BANKS. My only reason for moving
to postpone this bill is that there maybe a fail
vote upon this question. It is a public ques-
tion of great importance, and the House should
be full when it is decided. There are mem-
bers on both sides of the House absent, and
other members _ who are present are paired
with them. It is doubtful even if there is a
quorum here to day. I think the public inter-
est requires that this question should be decided
by the vote of a full House. I therefore ask
that it may be postponed until gentlemen who
are absent oil public business, may have an
opportunity to return. Jt is immaterial to me
whether Saturday or Tuesday be the time
fixed, except that I believe Tuesday will be
the first day when the members of the House
will generally be back here.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
we shall adjourn on Wednesday.
Mr-. BANKS. I move that the further con-
sideration of this bill be postponed until Tues-
day next, immediately after the reading of the
Journal.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to move that it be postponed until the second
Monday of December next.
Mr. &ANKS. I do not yield for that amend-
ment ; I wish to have this question postponed
till such time as members will be here.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. They will
be here on the second Monday of December
next.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
ask the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Basks] to make it Saturday next.
Mr. BANKS. If gentlemen are willing to
agree to that I am willing to so modify my
amendment.
Mr. PAINE. We are not willing.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If this bill
is put off till Tuesday next it will delay the
adjournment several days.
Air. BANKS. We will not adjourn on
Wednesday next.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope we
shall.
Mr. BANKS. I call the previous question
on the motion to postpone.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question; and upon a division, there
were—ayes 77, noes 30.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, called for
tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The previous question was accordingly sec-
onded.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I call for the yeas
and nays on the motion to postpone.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and upon a division, there were
twenty-two in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of the last
vote) the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 96, nays 85,
not voting 67; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Ame«, Arnell, Dolos K. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Axteil, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks,
Barnes, Beck, Benjamin, Benton, Blair, Boles, Bout-
•well, Cake, Cnry, Churchill, Sidney Clorke, Dawes,
Deweese, Dixon, Donnelly, Eckley, Eliot, French,
Garfield, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Griswold, Grover,
Hawkins, IJigby, Hill, llinds, Hopkins, Chester D.
Hubbard, Hnlburrt, Hunter, .fen ekes. .Johnson, Alex-
ander 11. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Kitchen,
Koontz, William Lawrence, Loughridere, Mallory,
Marshall, Marvin, Maynard, McClure;, McKce. Mil-
ler, Moorhead, Morrell, Mullms. Mungen, Myers,
Nicholson, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Phelps, Plants, Po-
land, Pomeroy, Raum, Hoots, Sawyer, Sclyc,
Shanks, Silgreaves, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather,
Thadcleus Stevens, Stewart, Stoke?, Stone, Tabcr,
TatTe, Taylor, Thomas, Twicliell, Upson, Burt Van
Horn, Itobert T. Van Horn. Henrv D. Washburn,
William B. Washburn, William Wiliams, John T.
Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Baker, Beatty, Bromwcll,
Benjamin F. Butler, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Culiom,
Delano. 331a, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Hamilton, Hol-
man, Judd, Kclscy, George V. Lawrence, Logan,
McCarthy, McCormick, Mercur, Moore, Paine, Per-
bam, Peters, Pricc, Schenck, Scolield, Trowbridge,
Cadwalader 0. Washburn, Eiihu B. Washburne.Wel-
ker, Thomas Williams, and Jameb F. Wilson—35.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer,
Barnum, Beaman, Bingham, Blaine, Boyer, Brooks,
Broomall, Backhand, Burr, Roderick R. Butler,
Chanlcr. Reader W. Clarke, Cornell, Covodc, Dodge,
Driggs, Eggleston, Eldridge. Ferry, Fields. Finney,
Fox, Getz, Gravely, Haight,I[alsey. Harding, Hooper,
Hotdikihs, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hub-
bard, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jvelley, Kerr, Keteham,
Knott, Lafiin, Lincoln, Loan, Lynch, McCullough,
Morrissey, Newcomb, Niblack, Pike, Pile. Polslev,
Pruyn, Randall, Robertson, Robinson, Shcllabarger,
Aaron F.Stevens, John Trimble. Lawrence S. Trim-
ble, Van Aernam, Van Anken, Van Trump, Van
Wyck, Ward, Stephen I*1. Wilson, Wood, and Wood-
ward—67.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.
_ Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. 1 de-~
sire to make an inquiry in regard to the eft tot
of this vote? Will it cut off debate on this
bill?
The SPEAKER. It will, unless debate
should transpire previous to Thursday next.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Then
I ask leave to print in the Globe such remarks
as I may desire to make on this bill.
No objection was made. [See Appendix.]
Mr. BANKS. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the motion to postpone was
agreed to ; and I also move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELECTION CONTEST SWITZLKR VS. ANDERSON.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, Ihad designed
to call up this morning the report of the Com-
mittee of Elections on the case of Switzler vs.
Anderson, from the ninth district of Missouri;
but for very much the same reason as that
which has induced the postponement of the
Alaska bill I have concluded not to press that
case at this time, there being so many mem-
bers absent. I give notice that I shall call up
this case on next Tuesday after the morning
hour.
MISSION BUILDING, SATJLT STE. MARIE.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, transmiting a communica-
tion from the corresponding secretary of the
American Baptist Home Mission Society, re-
specting a mission building erected on the
military reserve at Sault Ste. Marie, and ask-
ing relief; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
ORDER 01? BUSINESS.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union for the purpose of proceed-
ing to the consideration of the tariff bill.
The SPEAKER. The motion in that form
would require unanimous consent.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Well, I move then
simply that the rules be suspended, and that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union; and I
give notice that in Committee of the Whole I
shall move to lay aside all other bills to get at
the tariff bill.
Mr. WASlIBUPuNE, of Illinois. Was not
the deficiency appropriation bill, Mr. Speaker,
made a special order for to-day?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
position of business. There has to-day been
no morning hour. The morning hour would
now commence, but the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Moorhead] rises to a privileged
motion, that the rules be suspended and that
the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole, his object being to lay aside all
other bills in order to take up the tariff bill.
The deficiency appropriation bill, in reference
to which the gentleman from Illinois inquires,
was made a special order for to day after the
morning hour and from day to day until dis-
posed of; but if ther<5 should be no morning
hour that bill will not be reached to-day.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I insist oil my motion ;
and I give notice to the friends of the tariff
bill that if they want it passed at this session
now is the time to take it up.
On the motion of Mr. Moorhead there
were—ayes 47, noes 49 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Mookhead and
Mr. Marshall.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed— ayes 02, noes 53.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair.)
aiEiii'i:sG or congress.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is upon the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Moorhead,] to lay aside
the pending bill, being bill (H. R. No. 81) in
regard to the meeting of Congress. At the
last sitting of the committee tellers had been
