1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
appointed cm this question, and no quorum had
voted. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Moorhead] and the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washburxte] will resume their
places.
The committee again divided ; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 66, noes 42.
So the bill was laid aside.
fay OV members op congress, etc.
The CHAIRMAN. The next bill on the
Calendar is the bill (H. R. No. 87) to repeal
part of an act therein named.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move that that bill
be laid aside.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Would
it not be in order to move to lay aside all the
bills till we come to the tariff bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. That could be done by
unanimous consent.
Several members objected.
Mr. PAINE. I call for the reading of the
bill.
The Clerk read the bill. It provides for the
repeal of section seventeen of the act approved
July 28, 1866, entitled " An act making appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1867,
and for other purposes," except so far as
the same relates to mileage.
On the motion to lay aside the bill there
were—ayes 01, noes 40.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I demand
tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the bill was laid aside.
REDUCTION OF TUB CURRENCY.
The next bill upon the Calendar was House
bill No. 89, relative to the reduction of the cur-
rency.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move that bill be laid
aside.
Mr. ROSS. I want that bill read and acted on.
The bill was read. It provides that so much
of any existing act of Congress as authorizes
the Secretary of the Treasury to retire from
circulation any part of the United States notes
in circulation, or now in the Treasury, shall be
repealed ; and it shall be the duty of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay out in pursuance of
law all such United States notes as may be in
or may come into the Treasury, retaining in
the Treasury only such amounts as the public
interests may require.
Mr. ROSS. I hope, sir, that will be put ou
its passage.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I insist on my motion
that il be laid aside.
The committeo divided; and there were ayes
64, noes 27 ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers ; and ap-
pointed Mr. Pomeeoy and Mr. Cook.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 65, noes 44.
So the bill was laid aside.
treaty-making potter.
The next business upon the Calendar was
the following resolution submitted by Mr.
Spalding :
Resolved, That it being declared by the sccond sec-
tion of the second article ot the Constitution that the
President shall have power, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided
two thirds of the Senators present concur, the House
of Repiesentatives do not claim any agency in
making treaties, but that when a treaty stipulates
regulations on any of the subjects submitted by the
Constitution to the powerof Congress it must depend
lor its execution as to such stipulations on a, law or
laws to be passed by Congress according to its sound
discretion.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope that will be put on
its passage.
Mr. SPALDING-. There will be no discus-
sion oti it,
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
it be laid aside.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the resolu-
tion be reported to the House without amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion to postpone
is net amendable.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 58, noes 27; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers ; and ap-
pointed Mr. Bctler of Massachusetts, and
Mr. Maynard.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 61, noes 16 ; no quorum voting.
Under the rules the roll was called, and the
following members failed to answer to their
names:
Messrs Adams, Allison, Anderson, Archer. Delos
R. Ashley. JamesM. Ashley.Axtell, Bald win, Barnes,
Barnum, Beainan, Binghain, Blaine, Boies, Boyer,
Bromweli, Brooks, Broomall, Bucklnnd, Burr, Rod-
erick 11. Butler, Chanler, Header V,". Clarke, Cor-
nel), Delano, Dodge, Donnelly, Eckley, Eggleston,
Eldridge, Kerry, fields, kinney, Fox, French, Gctz,
Gravely. Ilaight, llalsey, Harding. Hill. Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Asahel \V. Ilubbard, Richard D. Hub-
bard, Humphrey, Ingersolt, Johnson, Kelley. Kerr,
Ketcham, Knott, LaHin, Lincoln. Miillory, MeCul-
louira, Mcrcur, Morrissey, Ncwcomb, Niblaek,Nunn,
Orth, Phelps, PoUley, l'ruyn, Randall, Robertson,
Robinson, Ross, Shellabarger, Smith, Starkweather,
Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart, Thomas, John Trimble,
Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Aernam, Van Auken,
Van Trump, Vail Wyck, Ward. Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, and Wood-
ward.
The committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that
the Committee of the Whole had, according
to order, had the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly aresolntion relative
to the treaty-making power, and finding itself
without a quorum had caused the roll to be
called, and had directed him to report the
names of the absentees to the House.
A quorum having appeared the committee
resumed its session.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 04, noes 40.
So the resolution was laid aside.
TAXATION OF UNITED STATES NOTES.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was House bill No. 323, to authorize the tax-
ation of United States notes and national bank
notes by or under State authority.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move that be laidaside.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I make the point
of order that a special order cannot be laid aside.
The CHAIRMAN. This does not appear
to be a special order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I should
like to inquire whether, if the House refuses
to lay this bill aside, it will come up for con-
sideration at the present time?
The CHAIRMAN. It will.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope,
then, we will goto the consideration of the tax-
ation of United States bonds.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I hope we will not.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Bonds or
tariff, that is the question.
Mr. BENJAMIN, and Mr. BUTLER of
Massachusetts, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair appointed
Messrs. Butler of Massachusetts, and Moor-
head.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call
for the reading of the bill.
The CHA1RMAN. It is too late ; the com-
mittee is dividing.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 67, noes 32.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair votes in the
affirmative; and the ayes have it.
So the bill was postponed.
CURRENCY AND NATIONAL DEBT.
The next business on the Calendar was a
bill (H. R. No. 542) to establish a uniform
currency, provide for the management and
liquidation of the national debt, and for other
purposes.
Mr. ALLISON. I call for the reading of
the bill.
The bill was read at length.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move to lay aside
this bill.
Mr. BUTLER. I desire to ask whether it
will be competent for the committee, if this bill
is taken up, to amend it by substituting a bill
for the taxation of United States bonds, and
funding the United States debt?
Mr. MOORHEAD. I do not yield for that.
It is in the nature of debate.
Mr. PIKE. I rise to a point of order. A
motion to amend has precedence of a motion
to postpone indefinitely.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania has precedence of
the motion to amend.
Mr. PIKE. Is that not a motion to post-
pone indefinitely ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is to lay aside.
Mr. PIKE. Is not that equivalent to a
motion to nostpone indefinitely ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
The question being put on the motion to lay
aside the bill, tlsere were—ayes 58, noes 25;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Inger-
soll, and Washburn of Massachusetts, were
appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 07, noes 23 ; no quorum voting.
The roll was then called ; and the following
member's failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Banks, Barnes, Bar-
num. Beaman.Beek, Benton,Bingham,BlaineJBoyer,
Brooks, Broomall, Buckland, Burr, Benjamin J?. But-
ler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake. Chanler, Reader W.
Clarke,Cornell,Delano,Dodge, Donnelley, liggleston,
Kldridgc, Karnsworth, Ferry, Fields, Finney, Fox,
(ietz. Golladay, Gravely, Urover, llaight, llalsey,
Harding, Hawkins, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Ilu&bard,
Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey. Ingersoll,
Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kelley, Kerr, Ketcham,
Knott,Lafiin, Lincoln,Logan,Marsnal], McCuf lough,
Morrissey, Mall ins, Neweomb.Niblaek.Nunn, Phelps,
Pike, Polsley, Pruyn, Randall,Robertson, Robinson,
Ross, Selye, Shellabarger, Aaron F. Stevens,Thaddeus
Stevens, John Trimble, Lawrence S. Tiimble, Van
Aernam,Van Auken,Van Trump. Van Wyck,Ward,
Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, and Woodward.
The committee then rose; and Mr. Pomeroy
having taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore,
Mr. Dawes reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, having had
under consideration a bill (H. R. No. 542) to
establish a uniform currency, provide for the
management and liquidation of the national
debt, and for other purposes, and having
found itself without a quorum, had directed the
roll to be called and the names of the absentees
to be reported to the House.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gor-
Ham, its Secretary, informed the House that
the Senate insisted upon its amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 818) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the fiscal year ending Jane 30, 1869, and for
other purposes, disagreed to the amendments
of the House to other amendments of the Sen-
ate to the said bill, agreed to the conference
asked for by the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and appointed
Messrs. Morrill of Maine, Harlan, and Cole,
conferees on. the part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill (II. R. No. 554) making
a grant of land to the State of Minnesota to aid
in the improvement of the navigation of the
Mississippi river, with an amendment, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill and joint resolution of the
following titles ; in which the concurrence of
the Hous!?was requested:
An act (S. No. 579) to establish a new land
district in the State of Nebraska; and
Joint resolution (S. No. 151) to drop from
the rolls of the Army certain officers absent
without authority from their commands.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
(H. R. No. 115G) to authorize the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office to issue a
patent to F. N. Blake for one hundred and
sixty acres of land in Kansas.
CURRENCY AND NATIONAL DEBT.
A quorum having appeared, the Committee
of the Whole resumed its session. The ques-
tion was on laying aside the pending bill.
