1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1837
a pension of tight dollars a month, no matter
what their circumstances may be. A man
may be worth $1,000,000, he may be in per-
fectly comfortable circumstances, he may have
received his one hundred and sixty acres of
land for his three months' service, (because
that is the period of service fixed by the bill,
although it may have been more, of course,)
and yet be entitled under this bill to eight dol-
lars a month out of the Treasury for the rest
of his life. The House of liepresentatives
thought it fit to limit the operation of this bill
to those soldiers who were dependent upon
other persons for their support, just as in our
other pension laws we provide for an enhanced
pension in certain cases to invalids who are so
far invalided as to be dependent upon others
for their support. I think it is no reproach
to a soldier, it is no insult, in a bill to provide
that we will only extend the generosity and
bounty of the Government to those who need
it. I hope, therefore, that the Senate will not
agree to this amendment, to pay out of the
Treasury money which the necessity of any
soldier who served in the war of 1812 for three
months does not require him to have.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. A majority of the
committee in reporting this amendment have
been impelled by some considerations which I
propose to present to the Senate.
The bill does not include all the soldiers of
the war of 1812 ; it includes tmly those who
were in the service for three months or up-
ward. Bounty lands were granted several
years ago to those who had been in the service
not less than fourteen days.
This confines the pensions to those who
served throe months and upward. The whole
number of such soldiers in the Army during the
war of 1812 was two hundred and fifty-live
thousand. I have made a calculation that,
deducting those who died in the service from
wounds or disease, and those whose names ap-
pear twice on the rolls by reenlistments, of
which there must be a great many, and those
who have since been pensioned, the whole
number on which this bill is predicated is re-
duced to one hundred and sixty-one thousand ;
and from the best calculation I can make I
think that those, whatever their circumstances,
who will be provided for by the bill, do not now
exceed five thousand. It makes no provision
for widows, no provision for heirs or represent-
atives, but simply confines the pension to those
survivors of the war who are still living, and
the youngest of whom must be to-day over
seventy-two years of age.
It is very evident that in the casualties which
take place in this life not much more than the
percentage I have named, three per cent, of
the whole number, can be living at this time.
I have been lately informed that a paper was
recently discovered somewhere in this city,
being the roll of afire company that was formed
in Washington in 1811 or 1812. On that roll
were ninety-three names, and it was presented
to the Association of Old Inhabitants and by
them critically examined; and it has been as-
certained that but two of the persons named
on that roll are now in existence. I therefore
think that my estimate of three per cent., that
instance showing but two, is very liberal in
ascertaining the number.
The special provision it is now moved to
strike out compels these men when they go to
ask for their pensions to confess themselves
paupers. They will conceive it to be and feel
it as a sort of degradation to do that. An esti-
mate made several years ago was that not more
than one in eight was in anything like com-
fortable circumstances or was not dependent;
and I think the number is too small to justify
making this discrimination, which will give rise
to this feeling in the breasts of those who are
partakers of the bounty of the United States.
There is another consideration about it.
They must go to the Pension Office and prove
their dependence. It is subjecting those who
would be under the law entitled to pensions
to an additional expense, an unnecessary one,
as I conceive, and one that it would not be
generous to exact on the part of the Govern-
ment.
I know, sir, from my own personal experience
that when the aet for the benefit of revolution-
ary soldiers was passed, compelling them to
prove themselves paupers, there was a great
deal of indignation about it on the part of those
who were not paupers ; and some of them, one
particularly, to my knowledge, refused after that
provision had been removed to receive any
pension, on accountofhisdisgustatthisattempt,
as he called it, to make paupers of them all.
Sir, I trust the Senate will consider this
question in a liberal spirit. These men served
their country at the risk of their lives at a
former day. Undoubtedly, more or less of
them, although their disabilities from that
source may not be so great as to entitle them
to a pension under general laws, are yet now
feeling the effects of their service to some
degree. I saw a man here the other day who
had a bayonet wound which healed over and
for which he could never get a pension because
it did not disable him; but as he gets old it
has commenced a running sore ; he has been
in the hands of physicians; it heals up for a
while, but after a few years it breaks out again,
and he is now a complete cripple. There may
be some other such cases, and doubtless there
arc, where the old wounds break out again in
this way.
I do not think it can add very greatly to the
whole amount, from the testimony that is before
me and all the examination I have made of
the subject, to make this amendment. I may
add that the Senate, and I suppose the other
House by this time, have agreed to take from
the naval pension fund one half the interest
which the Government formerly allowed on
that fund; that is to say, they have taken from
it at the rate of $450,000 per annum. These
men must necessarily be of the age I have
stated. Taking the average of their ages when
entering the service to be twenty, they would
now be seventy-six years of age, and their ex-
pectation of life, according to the tables, would
be six years. Therefore the pensions are to
be paid only for an average of six years; and
this amount of $450,000 that is taken from the
naval pension fund will be sufficient to pay
them for the six years. I therefore think there
is no reason of economy in refusing this amend-
ment. I think it is but generous and just to
these men. They are all laboring under the
disability of old age; they are getting older
every day; and it is but a few short years that
the country can be called upon to pay them
anything. They will drop off, and drop off,
as the leaves do in the fall, and we shall hoar
no more of them.
I trust, sir, that no idea that this is setting a
bad precedentwill be entertained by anymem-
ber of the Senate. The precedent is that this
country, when it finds its soldiers and those
who have served it faithfully in their youth
growing in years, becoming subject to the
infirmities of old age, is willing to come to
their assistance to the extent of its ability.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, nothing
is more irksome than to resist an appeal of
this kind or to oppose sueh a bill; but, with
the duty which I feel to be incumbent on me,
I certainly cannot consent to allow this bill to
pass.
I know many of the old soldiers of the war
of 1812. I know many that are poor and some
that are rich. No one respects them more
than I do, or has a higher appreciation of
their services than I have. They have survived
to tell the story of their battles and their hard-
ships for many years. Those vrtio now survive
have not been affected by their service in that
war, nor are they suffering from wounds.
Those who were wounded or disabled by
wounds or disease incurred in the service
have already been amply provided for by our
pension laws. Now, the question is whether,
in the present condition of the country, we
shall pension all the old soldiers of the war of
1812. Since I have been in public life such a
measure has been almost constantly before
Congress. It was urged at times when money
was abundant, when the Treasury was over-
flowing, and it was constantly refused. Now,
at this critical moment, when we are about to
throw off the burdens of taxation, this old stager
is revived, and we are called upon not only
to pass the measure in- the position in which it
has heretofore been reported and pressed, but in.
a much more comprehensive form. Heretofore
it has been confined to those who were poor.
There probably is a measure of justice, at least
of charity, in giving a small relief to the old
men of the war of 1812 who are now poor,
from any cause whatever. Some of them are
rich, and it is proposed to extend this bill to
all alike.
The computation made by the Senator from
West Virginia is entirely delusive. That there
are more than five thousand of these soldiers
living I have not a doubt. I have no question
that there are more than ten thousand, and I
should not' be at all surprised if the number
should be found to reach to thirty thousand.
What is the experience of the Interior Depart-
ment in the Pension Office and the Land Office
under the land warrant system? When the
land warrant bill was passed it was computed
that so many thousand land warrants would
be required to pay off the soldiers of the war
of 1812, and the highest computation then
made was more than quadrupled by the appli-
cations and by the actual grant of land war-
rants. Many of these soldiers were called out
merely for the temporary defense of the fron-
tier. Every citizen of Ohio in 1812 was a
soldier in the war, and served at least three
months. Every citizen on the border of west-
ern Pennsylvania and New York was a soldier
of the war of 1812. Every citizen of that whole
vast region of country along the Indian fron-
tier from Maine to the far west was a soldier
of the war of 1812. It was a war in which
every man defended his fireside, his home, his
wife, his children, everything that was precious.
Nearly every able-bodied man in the United
States was a soldier during the war of 1812,
either against the British or against the Indians.
Now, to say that only five thousand of them
survive is to say what will not be justified
by the event. I know in my own neighbor-
hood, in the community in which I live, there
are many survivors of the war of 1812, and if
the same proDOrtion extends all over the coun-
try there must be many thousands. I would,
if called upon, at a rough guess, say twenty or
thirty thousand; consequently, this bill im-
poses upon the people of the United States
now about two million dollars a year—to ex-
tend how long? The Senator says only a few
years. He says that these men are like leaves
falling from the trees in the fall.
Why, sir, the last soldier of the revolution-
ary war has only paid the debt of nature within
the last year. The time that elapsed between
the war of the Revolution and the war of 1812
was thirty years. No doubt the soldiers of the
war of 1812 will linger, some of them, thirty
years longer; and we propose to charge upon
the people of the United States now an annuity
of $2,000,000 a year, gradually decreasing
as death reaps its harvest among these old
veterans.
If there was any real necessity for it, if they
were in need, to the extent that they were
in need I should be willing even now to vote
for a bill to give a moderate pension. Per-
haps if we were to confine the pensions to the
House bill as it came to us, it would not take
more than four or five hundred thousand dol-
lars a year; but now it is proposed to extend
it to all the survivors of the war, without regard
to their circumstances.
Mr. President, allow me to give the Senyie
a few facts in regard to our financial condition.
We shall bo compelled by public opinion and
the strong sentiment that is shown in the other
House to repeal all the taxes oil the domestic
industry of this country. We shall throw oS,
at this session of Congress, $81,000,000 of our
internal taxes. What is left to us? When
you come to look over your sources of revenue
