454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
time I think there will be ample opportunity
to dispose of the bill before the morning hour
shall nave expired. I should like to take the
sense of the Senate on the subject. It is a
matter in which I have no personal interest,
and in which the Committee on the District
of Columbia have no personal interest. We
simply deem' it our duty to bring these sub-
jects before the Senate. If it shall be the
pleasure of a majority of the Senate to pro-
ceed with this bill now I should be happy to
have them do so, and I hope, therefore, the
question may be submitted. I
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator trom
Iowa.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 102) provid-
ing for the formation of corporations and reg-
ulating the same in the District of Columbia,
which had been reported by the Committee on j
the District of Columbia with amendments.
The first amendment was in section five,
lines three and four, to strike out the words :
" any name if there be another corporation in ;
the District of Columbia having the same i
name," and in lieu thereof to insert "the
same name adopted or used by any other cor-
4 poration in the District of Columbia;" so as to
make the section read:
That no corporation to be formed under this act
shall be allowed to adopt or use the same name
adopted or used by any other corporation in the
District of Columbia.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section twelve,
line three, to strike ont the words "the State "
after "seal" and to insert "his office;" so
that the section will read:
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of State may, at any time, on application of a party
interested, issue, under his hand and the seal of his
office, certified copies of any certificate of incorpora-
tion or certificate of change of name recorded in his
office; and such copies, as evidence, shall have the
same effect as the originals.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section fourteen,
line thirty, to strike out "thirty" and insert
" twenty;" so that the section will read:
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That no corpora-
tion under this act, except those mentioned in
cl auses four and five of the first section, shall con-
tinue longer than twenty years, without the consent
of Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section fifteen,
line eight, to strike out the word " two" before
"hundred" and to insert "five;" so as to
make the clause read :
Nor shall it be lawful for any such corporation
to hold more real estate than is proper for the pur-
pose for which it is incorporated, nor of greater value
than five hundred thousand dollars.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the fol-
lowing as a new section, after section fifty-
three :
Sec. 54. And he it further enacted. That the stock-
holders of any corporation formed under this act
may, by by-law or resolution passed in general meet-
ing, provide for the issue of preferred stock upon
such terms and conditions, and with such stipulations
and limitations, respecting the preference to bo given
such stock in regard to future dividends or other-
wise as by the said by-law or resolution they may see
fit to prescribe: Provided, That notice be given by
advertisement, to be published at least once a week
for four weeks successively in some newspaper of gen-
eral circulation published in the District of Columbia,
of the intention to offer such by-law or resolution.
And when any such by-law or resolution is passed a
copy thereof shall be forthwith certified to the Sec-
retary of State, to be by him filed and preserved with
the original agreement of the corporators of said
corporation. And the Secretary of State may at any
time, on application of a party interested, issue,
under his hand and-the seal of his office, certified
copies of said by-law or resolution.! .and such copies,
as evidence, shall have the same effect as the ori-
ginals.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as a new
section the following:
Sec. 55. And be it further enacttd, That the stock-
holders, and also the directors, of any corporation
to nil c.d under this act may hold any meeting for the
transaction of the busing Of the OOrjJOratibn, in-
eluding'meetings for purposes of organization, and
may keep their principal office in any State or Terri-
tory of the United States. But no meeting shall be
held out of tho District of Columbia without the
assent of persons holding a majority of tho shares of
stock of the corporation, nor without reasonable
notice. Any such corporation having its principal
office outside of tho District of Columbia shall, within
thirty days after its organization, appoint by power
of attorney, duly executed, some person permanently
residing within tho District of Columbia, to accept
service of any warrant, process, or notice.
Mr. CONKLING. Is that a new section?
Mr. WILLEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Has it been printed?
Mr. WILLEY. Yes, sir; it will be found
on page 25 of the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I had not seen that sec-
tion ; it is not in my printed copy of the bill.
I want to inquire of the chairman of the com-
mittee whether that confines the business of
these corporations to the District or whether
they can do business outside of the District?
I thought this was a bill for the formation of
companies exclusively for and within the Dis-
trict. What I wish to know is, whether they
have liberty to do their business outside of the
District of Columbia under this authority.
Mr. HARLAN. My attention was called off
at the moment when that section was being
read; but it was the intention of the committee
to incorporate an amendment in the bill allow-
ing companies organized elsewhere to do busi-
ness in the District with a view of enabling the
inhabitants of the District to avail themselves
of outside capital. I suppose that is the sec-
tion to which the Senator refers. The Senator
from West Virginia, [Mr. Willey,] however,
had the matter under his more especial per-
sonal charge and doubtless can give the expla-
nation desired.
Mr. WILLEY. If the Senator from Kansas
had paid attention to the reading of the bill
he would have seen that it is not only the
intention of the bill but an express provision
of the bill that all corporations organized un-
der it must transact their business in the Dis-
trict. The design of the bill is to incorporate
companies in the District; but it sometimes
happens that capital in corporations hero is
very largely owned by persons living outside
of the District, and for their convenience this
section was provided, that they might hold
their meetings outside of the District on the
terms and under the stipulations provided in
the section; but the bill provides only for the
incorporation of companies to operate within
the District of Columbia and nowhere else.
Mr. POMEROY. I had paid attention to
the reading of the bill yesterday, but this sec-
tion was not read. The original bill only was
read then, but this section, being an amend-
ment reported by the committee, was not read.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to know
where the section is that confines these com-
panies to the District of Columbia.
Mr. WILLEY. The section we are consid-
ering is the new section on page 26. The title
of this bill is "A bill providing for the forma-
tion of corporations and regulating the same
in the District of Columbia.''
Mr. POMEROY. I was looking with some
interest to see where the section was that con-
fined them to the District.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to see that,
too.
Mr. POMEROY. I am looking for it, but
I cannot find it. That is the simple point of
my inquiry. The Senator says that if I had
paid attention to the reading of the bill I
should have found it.
Mr. WILLEY. I will show the Senator
where that provision is found. If he will turn
to section four and look at the agreement that
is to be signed by the corporators he will see
that it is to the following effect:
The undersigned agree to become a corporation by
the name of (here insert the name by which it is in-
tended the corporation shall be known) for the pur-
pose of (here describe fully and particularly the pur-
pose for which the corporation is to be formed, and
the kind of business intended to be carried on by it)
which corporation shall keep its principal office or
place of business at , in the county of  , or at
 , in tho city of (and i3 to expire on the — day
Of , 18-.
Those blanks are to be filled.
Mr. POMEROY. Does that confine it to
the District?
Mr. WILLEY. It will when we fill those
blanks. There are several blanks to be filled
in the bill. If the Senators suppose that there
are any other restrictions necessary let them
offer their amendments; but I suppose that as
the bill stands these companies are to be located
in the District of Columbia or the city of Wash-
ington.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to inquire if the
bill, without further limitation, will not be sub-
ject to great abuse. I see it is provided that
ftiese corporations may issue preferred stock.
That would allow the issue of unpaid stock.
Might they not organize a scheme here in the
District to do business in any of the States or
Territories, issue their preferred stock, flood
the market right here in the capital, and make
it a great inconvenience, perhaps a system of
imposition?
Mr. WILLEY. I do not. see the point of
the Senator's remark. It is simply a question
whether a corporation organized under this act
shall be allowed to issue preferred stock at all
or not.
Mr. STEWART. I would not object to
that so much if it was confined to business
in the District; but the bill being unconfincd,
and they being at liberty to organize a corpo-
ration here to do business anywhere in the
United States, might not the power to issue
preferred stock at the start be a source of cor-
ruption?
Mr. WILLEY. ¥ such were the fact that
might be so; but I do not understand this bill
as authorizing companies to operate outside of
the District. It is strictly confined within the
District, even without the filling of those blanks.
Mr. POMEROY. If it is intended to oper-
ate simply in the District, why not say the
"county of Washington," or the "city of
Washington?"
Mr. WILLEY. That is precisely what we
propose to say in filling these blanks.
Mr. POMEROY. Why leave the blanks at
all?
Mr. WILLEY. I can tell the Senator why.
It was left blank for further consideration,
whether it would be better to say simply "within
the county of Washington," or to make it in
both places.
Mr. STEWART. I will offer an amendment
to obviate that difficulty.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ments of the committee are not yet disposed
of. The Senator's amendment will be in order
by and by.
Mr. POMEROY. I will only add that I
have felt and seen the necessity for a general
corporation law for this District. My only
point is, that I want it confined to the District.
I do not wish under a general corporation act
to see an institution organized here to travel
all over the United States.
Mr. STEWART. If it is in order to allow
my amendment to be read, I think it will be
seen that it obviates the difficulty upon that
point.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there is
no objection, the amendment may be read.
The Secretary read the proposed amend-
ment, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That no corporation
organized under the provisions of this actshall have
power to hold real estate and conduct business in
any State or organized Territory of the United
States without the consent of the Legislature of
said State or Territory.
Mr. WILLEY. That amendment is not
now under consideration. When it shall be I
shall object to it, because it is opening the
door for those very difficulties to which the
Senator alludes. The design of the committee
in reporting the bill was that the corporations
should not own real estate outside of the
District, but should be confined in their opera-
tions exclusively to the District of Columbia ;
but it strikes me that the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Nevada to prevent the
difficulties to which he alludes would be the
