3886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
The CHAIRMAN. The tellers will resume
their places.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 60, noes 41.
So the bill was laid aside.
COLUMBIA DEAF AND DUMl) INSTITUTION.
The next business on the Calendar was House
hill No. 541, making appropriations for the
service of the Columbia Institution for the
Instruction of the Deaf and Dumb, and estab-
lishing additional regulations for the govern-
ment of the institution.
Mr. SPALDING. I am entirely content
that this bill should be laid aside to be reported
to the House with a recommendation that the
same do pass.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I rise to a question
of order.
_ The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. This bill having
been made the special order by order of the
House, it cannot be laid aside by the Commit-
tee of the Whole.
The CHAIRMAN. It can be laid aside to
be reported to the House.
Mr. ROSS. I ask that the bill be read.
The hill was read. The first section appro-
priates for the support of the Columbia Insti-
tution for the Instruction of the Deaf and
Dumb, in addition to the existing appropria-
tion to meet the increased expense of main-
taining pupils whose admission was authorized
by an act of Congress, approved March 2,
3807, $u,000. For continuing the work upon
the buildings of the institution, in accordance
with plans heretofore submitted to Congress,
$18,000.
The second scction provides that in addition
to the directors whose appointment has here-
tofore been provided for by law there shall be
three other directors appointed in the follow-
ing manner : one Senator by the President of
the Senate, and two Representatives by the
Speaker of the House; these directors to hold
their offices for the term of a single Congress,
and to be eligible to a reappointment.
The third section provides that no part of
the real or personal property now held or here-
after to be acquired by the said institution shall
be devoted to any other purpose than the edu-
cation of the deaf and dumb, nor shall any
portion of the real estate be aliened, sold, or
conveyed,_ except under the authority of a spe-
cial act of Congress.
The fourth section provides that so much of
the act of February 10, 1857, as allows the
payment of $150 per annum for the mainte-
nance .jnd tuition of each pupil admitted by
order of the Secretary of the Interior, be,
and the same is hereby, repealed.
^ The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Spalding, to lay the bill aside to be reported
to the House.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 52, noes 20; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Spalding
and Mr. Grover were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported that there were—ayes 75, noes 26.
So the bill was laid aside to be reported to
the House.
BENEVOLENT INSTITUTIONS IN THE DISTRICT.
_ The next business on the Calendar was House
bill No. 859, appropriating money in support
of benevolent institutions and in aid of chari-
ties in the District of Columbia, for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 18G9.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move that this bill
be laid aside to be reported to the House, with
a recommendation that the same do pass.
Mr. PIKE. Are amendments to this bill
now in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The bill is now open to
amendment.
Mr. PIKE. Has the bill yet been read a
first time in Committee of the Whole ?
The CHAIRMAN. It has not.
Mr. PIKE. Then I ask that it be now
read.
The bill was then read at. length.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill is now open to
amendment.
Mr. SPALDING. I am directed by the
Committee on Appropriations to submit sun-
dry amendments to this bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My point
of order is that this bill and the one just laid
aside to be reported to the House were made
special orders in Committee of the Whole,
with the understanding that they should be
fully discussed. Pour of the members of the
Committee on Appropriations have made a
minority report, showing all the facts in regard
to this deaf and dumb asylum. Now, I say it
is wrong to put these bills through without
discussion  
Mr. SPALDING. The gentleman is male
ing no point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not
understand the gentleman to be making any
point of order, but merely stating reasons to
affect the vote of the committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I was
absent from the Hall on duty on a committee
of conference when the bill was readied in
committee, and a sort of snap judgment was
taken on me.
Mr. SPALDING. I was obliged to take
the course I did.
Mr. BANKS. I would make a suggestion,
which I think will prove satisfactory, if these
bills are laid aside informally, they can be
taken up and discussed and amended when
the House again reaches their consideration
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
ask that the bill which has been laid aside to
be reported to the House be considered as laid
aside informally in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. PIKE. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
would suggest that these two bills be reported
to the House, with the understanding that they
shall be again referred to the Committee of the
Whole when we go back into the House.
Mr. SPALDING. I have no objection to
both being reported to the House.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I have no
objection, provided these bills go over till next
week; but this week we are all in confusion.
Mr. SPALDING. I will agree that the bill
be reported to the House, and be next week
considered by the House as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the committee rise.
On the motion there were—ayes 42, noes 58.
Mr. PIKE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Pike and
Mr. Knott were appointed.
The committeed divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 50, noes 52.
So the motion that the committee rise was
not agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING. I understood that the ar-
rangement which 1 suggested was assented to.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection?
Mr. ROSS and Mr. PIKE objected.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend the bill
by striking out lines eighteen to twenty-two
inclusive, reading as follows:
For the purchase, by the Secretary of the Interior,
for the agricultural purposes of the institution, one
hundred and forty-eight acres, more or less, of land
lying directly east of the present grounds of the hos-
pital, and separated from them by the public road.
$23,000.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair-
man, if the committee should now rise, could
not the House, by a vote, resolve that, on going
again into Committee of the Whole, all other
bills should be postponed for the purpose of
taking up the tariff bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. It would be in order to
make such a motion ; but any gentleman could
call for a division of the question, so that the
vote would have to be taken separately upon
laying aside each bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of IlIinois._ I am will-
ing to consent that both these bills shall be
reported lo the House with the understanding
that they go back to the committee, or that
they be considered in the House when consent
can be had.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection?
Mr. ROSS. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] can in the
House move to refer the bills to the committee,
and we will sustain the motion.
The amendment of Mr. Spalding was
agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING. I move further to amend
by striking out in line thirty the word "five"
and inserting in lieu thereof th*e word "three
so as to make the paragraph read as follows :
For the proper inclosure, improvement, and en-
largement of the grounds of the institution, in
accordance with plans heretofore submitted to Con-
gress, $3,GOO.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes 39, noes 15; ho quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers ; and appointed Mr. Baldwin and Mr.
Ross.
The eommittpe divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes GO, noes 19 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. PIKE. I move that the committee rise.
On the motion there were—ayes 54, noes 52.
Mr. KOONTZ. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Koontz and
Mr. Pike were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 57, noes 48.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, having had under consid-
eration the Union generally, and particularly
the bill (H. R. No. 541) making appropria-
tions for the service of the Columbia Institu-
tion for the Instruction of the Deaf and Dumb,
and establishing additional regulations for the
government of the institution, had directed
him to report the same back without amend-
ment ; also, that the committee had had under
consideration the bill (H. R. No. 859) appro-
priating money in support of benevolent insti-
tutions and in aid of charities in the District
ofColumbia forthe fiscal year ending June 30,
1869, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mi\ SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, I am con-
tent that the bill No. 541 shall be retained in
the House and considered as in Committee of
the Whole at some convenient time, as the gen-
tleman from Illinois wishes to discuss it. Let
it be postponed till next week and come up
directly after the vote on the Alaska bill.
The SPEAKER. It will be postponed till
the time indicated if there be no objection.
There was no objection.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I yield to my colleague
on the committee.
;Mr. SCHENCK. I move that House bill
No. 859, making appropriations for the service
of the Columbia Institution for the Instruction
of the Deaf and Dumb, and establishing addi-
tional regulations for the government of the
institution, be postponed until next Wednesday
after the morning hour.
The motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled Senate bill No.
542, for the relief of Thomas W. Ward, late
collector of customs, district of Corpus Christi,
Texas; when the Speaker signed the same.
UTAH CONTESTED ELECTION.
^ Mr. CHANLER, from the Committee of
Elections, reported the following resolutions:
Mesolved, That William McGtrorfcy is not entitled to
