1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
455
very means of opening the floodgates in that
direction.
Mr. STEWART. I will modify my amend-
ment by striking out the last clause, " without
the consent of the Legislature of such State or
Territory."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the commit-
tee, to insert a new section as section fifty-five,
which will be again read.
The Secretary again read the amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
what is the object in providing that they may
have their place of business and hold meetings
anywhere in the United States if the bill is
confined to corporations in this District? Cor-
porations in this District would not want to
hold meetings in Washington Territory.
Mr. WILLEY. It is very frequently the
case that the capital of a corporation is held
by gentlemen residing out of the particular
locality or State where the corporation oper-
ates, and this section is simply designed for
their convenience. For instance, suppose that
the capital of a corporation was held in the
city of Baltimore, or in the city of Philadelphia,
or in the city of New York, as is generally the
case, and the stockholders desired to transact
certain business in reference to the operations
of the corporation, which under this bill they
are required to transact, it would be more con-
venient for them to do it in thejyieinity of their
residence than it would be to do it in the Dis-
trict of Columbia where the company is located,
where their particular agents for transacting
the business of the company reside.
Mr. STEWART. If the principal business
was in New York or Baltimore or any other
city, why not let them incorporate under the
laws of those States?
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will allow
me I will attempt to illustrate it. Supp'ose a
manufacturing company should organize and
put up machinery at the Great Falls of the
Potomac. The capital comes from Boston or
New York or Philadelphia. The gentlemen
who own the capital live there. Their njachin-
ery is here. They desire to have a meeting for
. the purpose of agreeing to enlarge their stock,
or contract their business, or do anything that
maybe essential to their success and also essen-
tial to the welfare of the District. They do not
wish to be compelled to come down to Wash-
ington city. This bill will enable them to hold
a meeting where they live ; but it provides also
that they shall have an office here where service
of process can be performed by an officer if
parties bring suit against the company, desire
to collect a debt, or anything of that kind; that
there shall be a tangible office here where the
parties can be reached in law; and yet at the
same time, for their own convenience, they may
transact business elsewhere.
Mr. CONKLING. This bill seems to elicit
very little interest in the Senate; and I think it
does so because its title implies that it is some-
thing which pertains to the District of Columbia
alone, because it is a very voluminous bill and
the reading has been somewhat lengthy and
Senators have been devoting themselves to other
things. And yet I think if every member of this
body understood the scope of this bill it would
attract considerable attention and awaken con-
siderable interest.
I have thought for a long time, as the Sen-
ator from Kansas says he thinks, that there
ought to be a general law for the incorporation
of companies in this District, instead of a sep-
arate application made to Congress by every
group of men who propose to set up a corpora-
tion ; but because I have that idea it does not
lead me to suppose that by special act or by
general act associations of men should be
authorized to compete with and trample out
every form of individual enterprise.
The first thing that strikes me on looking at
this bill is that it affords to men in the District
of Columbia, assuming (which I deny) that it
applies especially to the District of Columbia,
facilities and opportunities unknown to the
statutes of any State in this Union. If Senators
will take the trouble to read the enumeration
of the things for which corporations may be
set on foot they will see in part what I mean;
or, if they prefer a less prolix mode of getting
at it, they may read the four exceptions named
in the concluding clause of the first section of
the bill, which, as I understand, constitute the
only exceptions to the proposition that corpo-
rations may be formed under this act to do any-
thing under Heaven which may be denomiiRited
business. Let me read those exceptions: "But
this act shall not be construed to authorize"
first, "the incorporation of a bank of circula-
tion; or," second, "of a company for the con-
struction of any work of internal improvement,
or," third, "of any church or religious denom-
ination." I hardly see what is the precise
meaning of the incorporation of a religious
denomination; but that is a mere verbal criti-
cism. The fourth exception is "or of any com-
pany the object or one of the objects of which
may be to purchase lands and resell the same
for profit.''
These four items, as I understand, constitute
the only exceptions to the proposition that
this is an act to enable men to form a corpo-
ration to do any sort of business whatever;
and even these exceptions are narrowed very
much by the other provisions of the bill, because
these corporations may buy land to build
houses upon ; they may buy land to lease it
again; and they may do in other particulars
some of the very things apparently covered by
these four exceptions.
Now, Mr. President, why should this be?
Suppose it were confined to the District of
Columbia and to people who choose to come
here and invest capital? Why is it that that
opportunity left open to individual enterprise
everywhere else snould be foreclosed in this
District? Is it possible that an individual who
wants to start a gymnasium in the District of
Columbia must have a corporation to do that
with? "Gymnastic associations" are pro-
vided for as one class of the corporations to
be created under this bill.
Mr. WILLEY. The Senator cannot possi-
bly understand the bill as prohibiting an indi-
viduals start a gymnasium.
Mr. CONKLING. I do understand the bill
in its consequences as prohibiting such asso-
ciations by laws higher than any law of Con-
gress—by the laws of trade and necessity;
because I need not tell the Senator that if cor-
porations, particularly peripatetic corporations
which may travel all over the organized States
and Territories, and which may be owned and
operated anywhere, are to lay their hands upon
every branch of enterprise, a power supervenes
which will take away from individuals a_ priv-
ilege that is worth anything to engage in the
same sort of business. I know they will have
a right to do it; but it will be like the right to
shear the wolf, the fleece will not be worth the
cutting. I should like to know why it is neces-
sary to have corporations here "to establish
hotels" and "building associations," and for
"transacting the business properly pertaining
thereto ? " I wonder if rents are not high
enough in the city of Washington now? I
wonder if the business of owning real estate
and leasing it to the victims who come here to
rent it is not driven with sufficient enterprise
now? Why should, for such a purpose, a
company be organized, the capital stock of
which may be half a million, according to one
of our amendments, and with a most remark-
able provision, the fellow of which I never saw
in any other statute, that they may receive not
only money, but stocks or lands in payment
of, or as security for, any obligation due to
them? Here are to be corporations with the
extraordinary power of not only putting out
their stocks for money, but for all sorts of
barter and dicker, which every gentleman who
is at all familiar with these subjects knows,
wherever it has been attempted, has been the
widest door for fraud, chicanery, and kite-
flying under the name of corporations.
I do not meau to go at length into the dis-
cussion of this bill. I had no idea it was
coming up this morning. I have not had an
opportunity to look at it fully, but I recognize
it in many of its features as an old and familiar
acquaintance. We used to see many of these
provisions in bills submitted to the House of
Representatives, but it seems to me that one
or two provisions, to which I shall call atten-
tion, have grown since they first appeared.
In the fifteenth section I find this provision:
But nothing in this act contained shall prevent
any such corporation from taking stocks or real
estate as a payment, in whole or in part, of any debt
owing to it, or as a security therefor.
If they let me have stock of the corporation
that creates a debt which 1 owe to them, and
in return I let them have stock of some other
corporation. We set up a dozen corporations
and exchange the stock by way of keeping
them going very much as men when they have
nothing else to do in business exchange
checks and exchange other things—a mere
invention and device to do everything except
to pay. Now, look for a moment at the nine-
teenth section:
That the number of stockholders or amount of
stock necessary to constitute a quorum at a meeting
of stockholders, and the mode of transacting busi-
ness at such meeting, may be prescribed by the
by-laws.
Here is a corporation formed with a capital
of $500,000 ; itputs out its stock, and itreceives
stocks or real estate or anything it pleases in
payment, with certain other provisions which
avoid the necessity of paying in full at all.
Then they hold meetings, as the Senator from
Nevada has suggested, in Washington Terri-
ritory, or wherever they please ; and at the first
meeting they hold they provide by by-law that
any amount of stock represented, however
small, and any number of men represented,
however small, shall be a quorum of the stock-
holders to do business, and also of the direc
tors, because a subsequent section makes the
same provision as to the directors, and thus
some one man, if he pleases, may operate all
this machinery. Why? Has the experience
of any State in this Union ever taught the
people that such a provision was desirable or
admissible ?
So again, in the twenty-second section:
The stockholders may, in general meeting, by a
by-law, prescribe the number of which the board
shall consist.
It may be one person who is to constitute the
board of direction, for aught I can find here.
Then, passing over various other things, look
at these latter sections. The Senator from Iowa
suggested that if gentlemen in Boston invested
capital at the Great Falls it might be very con-
venient for them to sit do wn in some back- room
on State street and hold a meeting, and there
is a great deal to be said with regard to that;
but does that furnish any justification for a pro-
vision of this sort:
The stockholders and also the directors of any corpo-
ration formed under this act may hold any meeting
for tho transaction of the business of the corporation,
including meotings for purposes of organization—
that is, to start the concern—
and may keep their principal office in any State or
Territory of the United States.
What is to be the effect of that? Gentlemen
sit down in Wall street, in New York, and hold
the first meeting there to organize, and by their
by-laws they provide that one man shall con-
stitute the board of direction, and that one
tenth of the stock represented at any meeting
of stockholders shall be sufficient for that pur-
pose; and then they fix the principal office in
Wall street, and they go on for twenty years
to operate as a corporation without let or hin-
drance. What becomes of the laws of the
State of New York, which say in effect that no
such thing as this shall be done for any pur-
pose whatever?
Another thing, Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The time
has arrived when it is the duty of the Chair to
call up the unfinished business of yesterday,
which is the bill (H. R. No. 213) to suspend
further reduction of the currency.
Mr. HOWARD. I now submit my motion
