1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
339
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Internal Tux—Mr. Hunter.
Ho. op Reps.
the tax oil such liquors, with good freehold
security, for the purpose of securing such col-
lector in the amount of such tax in case such
manufacturer failed to deliver such liquors in
such bonded warehouse named in such permit
within the time specified therein, and have the
proper collector charged with the tax thereon.
5. All persons engaging in the business of
selling liquors should be known as wholesale
orTetail liquor dealers; but the same person,
firm, or company should not be both at the
same time. Each, before engaging in business,
should be required to make written applica-
tion to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
for permission so to do, and to execute bond,
and have the same recorded in like manner as
manufacturers of liquors, which bond should in
like manner be a lien and the lands be released
therefrom, as provided in the case of manufac-
turers. No person but a wholesale dealer in
liquors should be permitted to break a package
of liquors and place the same in other packages
for the purpose of sale; and in all eases where
he should break any package and put the same
in bottles, cans, jugs, kegs, or any other kind
of vessel or package, he should on the same day
remove all such liquors from such package so
broken, and immediately thereafter by letter
notify the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
and the assistant assessor of the county or col-
lection district in which his place of business
is situate of the fact of his having broken such
package, and in what kind of vessels he had
placed the same. And such wholesale dealer
should place upon the outside of each of such
bottles or other package in which such liquors
were by him put a label securely attached
thereto, on which label should be stated in
plain letters and figures the number of the
barrel or cask from which the same was taken,
the name of the manufacturer, and the place
■where and date when manufactured, the quality
and quantitj- therein, and the name of the
wholesale dealer who did it.
In case such liquors should be put in bottles,
they should hold at least one pint each ; and all
other packages in which such liquors should be
placed should hold at least one gallon each.
And such bottles, before sale, should be, by such
wholesale dealer, put up in boxes or baskets of
not less than one dozen in each. And upon the
outside of such box or basket a label should be
securely attached, upon which label should be
stated, in plain figures and letters, the number
of the barrel or cask from which such liquors
were taken, the name of the manufacturer,
the place where and the time when manufac-
tured. the number of bottles contained within,
and the quality and quantity of liquor in each
bottle, and the name of the wholesale dealer
who broke the original package. No whole-
sale dealer in liquors should ever sell, at one
time, of bottled liquors less than one of such
boxes or baskets, and in no case should he
ever sell any other kind of package of liquors
containing loss than one gallon. And at each
sale he should make out bills of sale in tripli-
cate, under seal, such as the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue should require. Such bills
should state the place and date of sale, the
name of the purchaser in full, and the place
of his residence, the articles sold, and the
price paid therefor ; and opposite each article
should be stated in full, all the marks,
brands, figures, and letters thereon, aS
required to be placed there by law; and
the same should then be signed by such
wholesale dealer; one copy of which bill of
pale should be delivered to the purchaser, one
copy, on same day, should be by such whole-
sale dealer mailed to the assistant assessor of
such county or district where his place of
business is situate, and the other copy should
be by him mailed to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Such wholesale dealer
should, at the close of each month, make out
an invoice in duplicate, under oath, of all the
liquors he then had on hand, giving an exact
copy of all the marks and brands upon each
package, as required to be placed there by law;
one copy of which invoice he should, so soon
as completed, mail to the assistant assessor
of the county or district in which his place of
business is situate, and the other copy he
should mail to the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. No retail liquor dealer should ever
be allowed to sell more than one quart of
liquor at any one sale, neither should he be
permitted to sell to any one person more than
two quarts of liquor upon the same day.
6. Every place where liquors are manufac-
tured or sold there should he painted in large
letters, on the most conspicuous place on the
building, the kind of business done there,
whether manufacturing or selling of liquors,
under which should be the words, "Authorized
by the United States."
7. All liquors brought into any county or
collection district, which were not manufactured
therein, either for sale or storage, the person
so owning or claiming the same should, within
forty-eight hours thereafter, and before sale or
storage of them, file with the assistant assessor
of such county or collection district into which
the same should be brought, an invoice in dupli-
cate of all such liquors, which invoice should
state in full all marks and brands on each pack-
age required to be placed there by law, which
invoice should be signed by such person owning
ir claiming such liquors; one copy of which
invoice should be by such assistant assessor
preserved in his office, and the other copy he
should mail to the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Marks and brands placed upon bar-
rels or other packages containing liquors, should
not in any case be sufficient evidence that the
liquors contained therein were legally manu-
factured or that the tax thereon had been paid,
but if the claimant of them possessed a bill of
sale, made out in full compliance with the law,
and such bill accurately described each pack-
age and gave all the marks and brands thereon,
then such marks and brands in connection with
such bill of sale should be prima facie evidence
that the liquors were legally manufactured and
that the tax thereon had been paid. And in all
controversies about the tax not having been
paid on such liquor the burden of proof should
be upon the party other than the claimant.
8. The Commissioner of Internal Revenue
should be required to open an account with
each distiller, redistiller, rectifier, fcrmenter,
and brewer in the United States; and he should
keep an accurate account of each barrel or
cask of liquor made by such persons; and
should from day to day, as he is informed, note
in such record the names and residences of the
various persons into whose hands each barrel or
cask passed until the same should be consumed
or broken, and in case it should be broken he
should trace its contents in same manner to
its consumption ; and in every case where he
should discover persons in possession of any
of such liquors, and his books did not show
that they were legally entitled to the same, or
he should find any discrepancy in amount
of liquors, or find any persons in possession of
liquors that he had no record of their manu-
facture or sale, he should in all such cases
immediately institute inquiry into the matter,
and ascertain who was in fault, and in case ho
should discover any willful violations of law he
should at once have the proper proceedings
commenced to correct the error and punish
the offender. And for the purpose of keeping
an accurate account of all liquors legally manu-
factured and sold, and of detecting frauds, such
Commissioner of Internal Revenue and such
assistant assessors should carefully preserve
all papers required by law to bo sent or given
to them, and such as are sent or given to such
assistant assessors they should keep them con-
veniently arranged and open for inspection
each week dav during office hours.
9. In cases where manufacturers should de-
sire to ship any of their liquors to foreign
countries, warehouses should be provided at
convenient ports for the reception and safe
keeping of such liquors until -ready for ship-
ment. In all such cases such manufacturer,
before shipment, should procure from the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue a permit there-
for, which permit should accurately describe
each package of such liquors to be shipped,
giving all the marks and brands on each, stat-
ing to what warehouse'they should be shipped
and within what time it should be done ; and
each barrel or package so described in such
permit should be painted all over except where
the marks and brands are with black paints
mixed with oil; and such liquors, after their re-
moval from place where manufactured, should
never, under any circumstances, be sold or
offered for sale in the United States, except
they should be returned after their shipment
from the United States as imported liquors,
and pay the regular duty as required on for-
eign liquors imported to this country.
10. All cars, boats, vessels, wagons, drays,
carts, or other conveyance by which any liquors
should be removed from place where manufac-
tured before the tax should have been paid
thereon, except as expressly provided by law,
such cars, boats, vessels, wagons, drays, or
carts so used in such removal of such liquors
ehould be forfeited to the United States, and
the persons so aiding in such removal should
he severely punished by fine and imprison-
ment.
11. No liquors should in any case be sold
for less than the tax on the same, except a
special permit should be obtained by the per-
son owning the same upon good cause shown
from the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
for that purpose. And in all cases of sale of
liquors for a less price than the tax thereon
except where permission should be granted
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, it
should be prima facie evidence that the tax
had not been paid thereon ; and the liquors in
all such cases should be seized and forfeited
to the United States, and the seller and pur-
chaser each punished by fine and imprison-
ment therefor, unless they could show upon
trial that the tax had been legally and prop-
erly paid thereon before such sale.
h'rom what I have stated it will be seen that
under the plan I propose liquors can be cheaply
manufactured, and without any unnecessary
hinderances or restraints—providing the manu-
facturer desires to comply with the law and did
not seek to evade or violate it—and the system
of identification of liquors is so easy and per-
fect and the records so convenient to establish
the same that spurious liquors could not be got
on to the market without detection, hence none
would be deterred from engaging in the sale
of liquors upon condition that they desired to
comply with the law. Now for the purpose of
preventing the illegal manufacturer of liquors,
as well as the keeping or selling of them, the
law should in the twelfth place provide, that
every place where liquors should be manufac-
tured in violation of law, and every place where
such liquors should be kept, whether for
sale, storage, or otherwise, that such, liquors,
together with the real estate where manufac-
tured or kept and all personal property found
thereon should be forfeited to the United
States, upon condition that such person or
persons bo manufacturing or keeping such
liquors in violation of law owned such real
estate. In case such leal estate, where such
liquors were made or kept in violation of law,
was rented property, then the same should not
be forfeited to the United States, except it
could be sliown that the owner thereof had had
forty-eight hours' notice ot the laet that nquors
were manufactured or kept on his premises, m
violation of l&w, and hft did not "Within such.
ib"tyvoighc hoars notiiy th6 mtoinul ryv^nuQ
