1840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
the Secretary of the Interior to place the name
of Maria Raftery, widow of Patrick Raftery,
late a corporal in company H, thirty-third regi-
ment Massachusetts volunteers, on the pension-
roll, and pay her a pension at the rate of eight
dollars per month during her widowhood, com-
mencing on the 2d of June, 1868 ; and two dol-
lars per month for each child of Patrick Raftery
under the age of sixteen years, commencing
on tne 25th of July, 1866, and to continue until
they shall respectively attain the age of sixteen
years.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
GEORGE T. BRIEN.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 314.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask the permission of the
honorable Senator from West Virginia to let
me call up another of the many pension bills
that are now upon the file. There are some
ninety-odd, I'believe, and there is one that I
would be very much obliged to the honorable
chairman of the committee if he will allow
me to call up.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Will the Senator
state what bill it is?
Mr. DRAKE. It is Senate bill No. 427,
for the relief of the widow and children of
John W, Jameson, deceased.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I do not know what
to say about it. These are all my clients. If
there is any particular reason why the gentle-
man wants that bill considered out of its order,
I.have no objection. It is a meritorious case,
I remember.
Mr. DRAKE. I will state for the informa-
tion of the honorable chairman of the com-
mittee that I would not ask it unless there
were special reasons of an urgent character
making it desirable that this bill should be
disposed of at as early a moment as possible,
and if the honorable chairman will grant me
this favor, I shall be much obliged.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I do not feel author-
ized to consent. If the Senate choose to take
it up, of course I have no objection.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
West Virginia.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 314) for the relief of George T. Brien was
read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. The Secretary of
the Interior is directed by the bill to allow and
pay to George T. Brien, out of the naval pen-
sion fund, a pension at the rate of fifteen dol-
lars per month, in lieu of the pension of five
dollars per month heretofore allowed him.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of the
report in that case.
The Secretary read the following report sub-
mitted by Mr. Van Winkle, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, on the 5th of February
last: c
The Committee on Pensions, to whom was re-
ferred t,he petition of George T. Brien. having had
the same under consideration, report:
The petitioner entered the United States naval
service in July, 1849, and served on board theUnited
States sloop-of-war Jamestown, and also on the
John Adams, on the coast of Africa, in 1851-'52-'53,
on which latter station he contracted rheumatism,
for which ho was pensioned in 1856. He is now a
charity patient in the Baltimore infirmary, his pen-
sion only enabling him to procure the plainest
clothcs, and his disability is increased so as to be-
come total. These facts are corroborated by the
certificates of the surgeons attending the said infirm-
ary. He asks that he may have his pension increased
so that he may not bo dependent upon the kind-
ness of a few friends for the necessaries of life. The
committee, consideringthisacasecommending itself
to the favorable noticcof Congress, recommend that
his pension beincreased to fifteen dollars per month.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. This is one of the
applications under the law of 1866, by which
the pensions in cases of disability were in-
creased. The Commissioner of Pensions was
not satisfied with the proofs adduced, and
refused to grant the additional allowance. The
petitioner appealed, as it were, to Congress;
and tlie cooimittae, after giving the case a care-
ful consideration, are convinced that his pres-
ent disability is occasioned by his sufferings in
the service. He is a real object of charity in
every respect.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MARQUIS  . L. MITCHELL.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 315.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 315) granting a pension to Marquis D. L.
Mitchell, of the Creek nation of Indians, was
read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place the name of Mar-
quis D. L. Mitchell, of the Creek nation of
Indians, on the pension-roll, at the rate of
twenty-five dollars per month, to commence
from and after the passage of this bill, and to
continue during his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for athird
reading, read the third time, and passed.
REBECCA V. SENOB.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 310.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 316) for the relief of Rebecca V. Senor,
mother of James H. Senor, deceased, was
read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to di-
rect the Secretary of the Interior to allow and
pay to Rebecca V. Senor, mother of James H.
Senor, late a private in company F, twenty-
fifth regiment Missouri volunteers, a pension
at the rate of eight dollars per month, as his
mother, from the 6th of April, 1862, the date
of his death, until the 23d of April, 1867, on
which date her present pension commenced.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
SYLVANUS BLODGET.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 317.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 317) granting an increase of pension to
Sylvanus Blodget, of Jericho, Chittenden
county, Vermont, was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to in-
crease the pension of Sylvanus Blodget, of
Jericho, Chittenden county, Vermont, from
eight to twenty-five dollars per month from
and after the passage of this bill, to continue
during his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to bo engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, aud passed.
CHARLOTTE POSEY.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 318.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 318) for the relief of Charlotte Posey,
widow of Sebastian R. Posey, was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. The Secretary of the Interior is
directed by the bill to pay Charlotte Posey her
pension from and after the date of the discharge
of her late husband, Sebastian R. Posey, up to
the date upon which her name was placed upon
the pension-roll.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to bo engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
BRIDGET TV. M'GROP.TY.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I now move to pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
319.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 319) granting a pension to Bridget W. Mc-
Grorty, and the minor children of William B.
McGrorty, deceased, was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct, the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of Bridget W. McGrorty,
of St. Paul, Minnesota, widow of William B.
McGrorty, deceased, late a first lieutenant and
regimental quartermaster in the fifth regiment
Minnesota volunteers, on the pension-roll, at
the rate of seventeen dollars per month, to
commence from the 16th of February. 1865,
and to continue during her widowhood, and
two dollars per month to each child of William
B. McGrorty under the age of sixteen years,
to commence from the 25th of July, 1866, and
to continue until they shall respectively attain
the age of sixteen years.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for athird
reading, read the third time, and passed.
GEORGE LYNCII.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the considei'ation of Senate
bill No. 320.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 320) for the relief of George Lynch, a sol-
dier of the war of 1812, was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It directs the Secretary of the Interior
to allow and pay to George Lynch, a soldier
of the war of 1812, a pension at the rate of
twenty dollars per month, in lieu of the pen-
sion of eight dollars per month now received
by him, to commence from and after the pas-
sage of the act, aud to continue during his
natural life.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I call for the
reading of the report in that case.
The Secretary read the following report, sub-
mitted by Mr. Vak Wixki.e, from the Committee
on Pensions, on the 5th of February last:
The Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the petition of G-corgo Lynch, having had the same
under consideration, report:
The petitioner was a soldier of the war of 1812, and
served in the Indian campaign of 1S19.during which
he had both his feet frozen, and, having had them
amputated, he has ever since been unableto do any
hard work. He is now receiving a pension at. (he
rate of eight dollars per month, and he prays for an
increase thereof, as is provided for in the act of June
6,18G6. Ho is an inmate of the "Soldiers' Home,"
where his pension is retained in aid of his support.
Should his pension be increased as now prayed ior be
may be able to go to his friends and be no longer a
tax upon the "Home." Dr. Lamb, 5-uryeon in at-
tendance, certifies as to the extent of his disability
and to his infirmity from age.
The comnntee, in view of all the eircumstanccs of
the ease, recommend that his pension be increased
in tho same manner as if he had been pensioned
under the recent pension acts.
The bill was reported to tho Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MARY GAITHER.
Mr. VAN WINKLE.^ I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. S21.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 321) for the relief of Mrs. Mary Gaither,
widow of Wiley Gaither, deeeaspd, was read
the second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Interior to allow and pay to
Mrs. Mary Gaither, widow of Wiley Gaither,
late a private in company A, twenty-seventh
regiment Iveulucky infantry volunteers, her
pension as such widow from the 27th of March,
1862, the day of his death, until the 13th of
June, I860, on which day her present pension
commenced.
The bill was reported to tho Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
SHERMAN II. COtYLES.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I now move to take
up Senate bill No. 322.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 322) granting a pension to Sherman H.
Cowles was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It directs
the Secretary of the interior to place the name
of Sherman H. Cowles, late a pmate in com-
pany E, nineteenth regiment Connecticut vol-
unteers, on the pensiou-roll, at the rate of
