3888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
SCHOOLS EOR DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, by unan-
imous consent, reported, from the Committee
on Education in the District of Columbia, a
bill (EL It. No. 1082) to establish a system of
common schools for the District of Columbia:
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed and recommitted.
Some time afterward,
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
recommitted ; which motion was entered upon
the Journal.
NIAGARA SIITP-CANAL.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I ask
consent to submit the following resolution for
consideration at the present time:
Jtesolved, That the bill now in CommiUoo of the
Whole, providing for the construction of a ship-
canal around the Falls of Niagara, bo postponed to
and made tho special order for Thursday, tho 10th
day of December next, immediately after the morn-
ing hour, and continue as the special order from day
to day until disposed of.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
OllBKIl OF BUSINESS.
Mr. RCHENCK. I move thatthe House
proceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
WAGON-llOADS IN DAKOTA TERRITORY.
The first business on the Speaker's table was
the amendments of the Senate to the bill (II.
It. No. 050) to amend the act of March 3,
1865, providing for the construction of certain
wagon-roads in Dakota Territory.
The amendments were read, as follows:
In line one, after tho word " that," insert the words
<lso much of."
In line four strike out the words "or so much
theieof as may be necessary" and insert in lieu
thereof the words, " as shall not exceed the sum of
$6,500."
Mr. COOK. I move thnt the House concur.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendments were concurred in, and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONNECTICUT AVENUE AND PAIiK RAILWAY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to the bill
(II. R. No. 420) to incorporate the Connecti-
cut avenue and Park Ilailway Company in the
District of Columbia.
The amendment was read, as follows:
On page 3 strike out in line two the words " Balti-
more and Ohio raihoad," and insert in lieu thereof
"Washington and Georgetown railroad."
The amendment was concurred in.
AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMKNT.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 1068) to provide for certain claims
against the Department of Agriculture.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, in these
words:
That there ishereby appropriated the sum of $47,000
out oirthe Treasury of the United States, from which
phallbepaid such indebtedness and claims against
the Department of Agriculture contracted prior to
the 1st day of July, 1807, and included in the report
of the Committee of Claims herewith, asshallbe sub-
mitted to the Fifth Auditor of the Treasury, with
Miflieiont evidence, under oath, as to tho origin and
validity of the same, respectively, and decided by the
Fifth Auditor and the final accounting officer of the
Treasury to be due to the respective claimants
according to therules and laws of equity.
And in lieu thereof insert the following:
That the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury bo authoiized to audit the claims included in
the schedule following, to wit: W. L. Ellison, 61 50,
O. C. Anderson, $750; M. W. Beverage. *$150: W. £.
jtferry, $6 47: J. tl. Uourne, $35; John Bell, $22; C.
J. I3ie\ver, $85; E. Baker. S7; T. L. Boggess, $4 50;
j. A. Blake, $4; Baltimore Journal of Commerce
and Price Current, $15; George Brown, Si 13; L. C.
Campbell, $250; G. B. Oarrow, 885; Cruit k Campbell,
$20; Carter, Yates & Wiswell, $63 25; F. W. Ohiist-
ern, S2; H. L. Chapin, $6 50: Craigen & Csover, $5;
Collins. Alderson & Co., $11,733 11; William B. Dana,
$5; 11. P. Eaton &' Co., SI 50; Espcy & Burgdoff, £62;
Samuel S. Foss, $2; Fisher & Schaeffer, $10 90;
Nathaniel B. Fnsitt, 6364 41; Fowler & Co., $153 29;
Z. I>. Gilman, $22: William Ilaeker, $6,700 40; llovey
& Co , SO 83: International Exchange, (J. Mudie,
agent,) §2; Irving & Wilicy, $397 35; Journal of
Commerce. $17; A. J. Joice & Co., $48 13; Aug. Jor-
i dan, $25; J. Knox. $15 50; J. M. Knoster, $2; J. F.
! Luhme & Co., $39105; Linton & Co., £i5; A.M.
j Law/.a, SO in gold; D. T, Moore, $3 ; Pascal Morns.
$13,223Gl3; J. Markntor, $10; W. I>. Moses, $316 05;
Myers & McUhan, $J5 23; J. W. Mariin, $80 03; E.
Matlack, $025; Munn & Co., $3; National Intelli-
gencer, bl6; Plant Brother, $2; Z. Pratt, $10;
Plnlps & Solomon, $15; K. & X Kivos $5; William
Smith, $0; John Saul, $15 (55; 11. A. Swascy Co.,
$3; Sehaeffer & Karadi, $67 70; W. B. Smith A: Co.,
$4: 13. W. Stewart, $60; E. Slade, $30;, Stevens
Brothers, (London,) $58 20; Sibley & Guy, $44 97; J.
Turner, $1; It. O. Thompson, $15; Charles S. Ian,
&128 47; J. E. Tilton & Co., $3; Andiioux, Vilniorin
k Co.. $12 70; T. Pi. Winner. $1 50; William Wood
A Co., $29; J. 1>. Ward, $35 3S; G. E. Woodward,
$2 50; Samuel Wagner, 62; J. F. Wright, $1; A. II.
Young, $48 17; Pa«chall Morris, $20; A. S. Yorke,
$65 20; Stevens & Brother, (London magazine.) $80;
James Sheohy, $0 60; II. O. Thompson, $80 : W. C.
Lodge, $35; James S. Lippencott, $428; J. F. Wal-
finger, $17 50; Samuel Rixgwalt, $104; William II.
Gardner, $20r G. llubart Bates, $37 50; William W.
Bates, $204; II. I). Dunn, $232; K. A. Willard, $192;
N. B. Cloud. $28; S. F. Baird, $20; If. F. French,
$149 50; C. W. Howard, $G7 50; John White, $15 56;
Henry A. l)reer, $103 75; Israel S. JDiehl, $900; and
to allow so much of the samo as shall appear upon
due proof under oath to be duo and unpaid for goods
delivered and services rendered to the Department
of Agriculture upon contracts made by the Commis-
sioner prior to the 1st day of July, 18<>7, for the pay-
ment of the same, $40,000, or so much thereof as may
bo necessary, is hereby appropiiatcd out of any
money in the Treasury not otheiwisc appiopriated.
Skc. 2. And be it further enacted, That if any Com-
missioner or other officer of the Department of Agri-
cultureshall hereafter, in the name of the United
State?, or in the name of said Department, contract
for any goods or services for tho use thereof beyond
the amount of money appropriated and remaining
in his or their hands unexpended at tho lime of such
contract, the officer so offending shall be doomed
guilty of a misdemeanor in office, and upon convic-
tion thereof shall bo punished by fine not exceeding
$5,000. or by imprisonment not exceeding two years,
or both, at tho discretion of the court,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, This
amendment of the Senate simply corrects a
clerical mistake, ($47,000 having been erro-
neously inserted instead of $40,000,) and adds
a new section, to which there can be no objec-
tion. I hope the amendment will be con-
curred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
WASHINGTON' TAKGET-SIIOOTIXG ASSOCIATION.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to the bill
(II. 11. No. 844) to incorporate the Washing-
ton Target-shooting Association, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The amendment was read, as follows :
On page 2, insert at the end of line twenty-seven,
the following:
Provided, That the amount of real property or
estate to bo held or owned by said association shall
not exceed in value the sura of S5'',000: And provided
further, That the property of the said association,
real, personal, and mixed, shall bo held for the pur-
poses. and none other, expressed in the first section
ot this act.
Mr. WELKE11. I move concurrence.
Mr. KOONTZ. I hope it will be non-con-
epvred in.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
IMPROVEMENT OF MISSISSIPPI RIVER.
The SPEAKER next laid before the House
the following amendment of the Senate to
House bill No. 5-54, making a grant of land to
the State of Minnesota to aid in the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Mississippi river:
Add the followingas a new section;
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That there be,
and hereby is, granted to tho State of Minnesota, the
further quantity of one hundred thousand acros of
public lands, subject to tho same restrictions as to
selection and -ale as are hereinbefore named, the
proceeds when if shall be used in making such im-
provements in the Mississippi liver at the Falls of
St. Anthony as may be deemed necessary by the
Legislature of that State to protect and secure the
exi&ting navigation immediately above said falls.
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. Speaker, I will ask
the attention of the House to a brief explana-
tion of this matter. The House will recollect
that some time since we passed through the
House a bill making a grant of lands to the
State of Minnesota of two hundred thousaud
acres, for the improvement of the navigation
of the Mississippi river between the Falls of
St. Anthony and the city of St. Paul, the object
being to bring the navigation of the Mississippi
river up to that great water-power. The bill,
after being thoroughly discussed, passed the
House and went to the Senate for concurrence.
The Senate have amended the bill by adding
an amendment increasing the grant made by
the lipase one hundred thousand acres. It
was added for this reason: it was ascertained
by the Senate committee upon examination of
the whole subject that the Falls of St. An-
thony were in the process of disintegration and
destruction; that they had receded during a
great number of years from the pomt^ where
the Minnesota river joins the Mississippi river,
back to the point where the Falls are now
found. The process is as follows: the sand
rock formation below the magnesian limestone
formation being worn away by the action of the
water the rock, losing its support, breaks off in
great fragments. In other words, they are
undergoing the same process that has been
going on for ages in the great Falls of Niagara.
The Senate committee have ascertained that
there are but about one thousand feet of that
rock left, and it diminishes in width as it ap-
proaches its northern limit. One or two more
freshets of that river would destroy the falls
entirely by carrying off the entire rocky forma-
tion. The result would be the water-power of
St. Anthony would be destroyed, a result which
would be a calamity of almost national propor-
tions, for that water-power is the greatest
available water-power on the continent. The
Senate have added this amendment of one
hundred thousand additional acres for the pres-
ervation of that water-power.
Mr. MULLINS. Who derives benefit from
that water-power, the Government or indi-
viduals?
Mr. DONNELLY. In one sense individuals
will be benefited by it, because the water-power
is the property of individuals; but the results
of the destruction of that water-power would
bo enormous. They would include not only
the persons who own the water-power, but a
large population gathered about that falls, con-
sisting of many thousands of people in St.
Anthony and Minneapolis, and including the
whole agricultural country tributary to those
falls. They are used in the manufacture of
lumber and flour, consumed not only by the
people of Minnesota, but by the people of the
entire Mississippi valley. So in the judgment
of the Senate the destruction of that water-
power would be a national calamity. 1 will
say further that this amendment is made to
conform to the original bill, which was very
carefully drawn in the interest of the settlers.
It provides the land granted shall be sold to
actual settlers at $1 2o per acre, the proceeds
to be devoted to this work. It is a grant of
one section in each township ; so that if there
are any evil consequences to flow from it they
will be diffused over a large extent of country.
I now ask the Clerk to read a letter from
General G. K. Warren, one of the most capable
and efficient officers in our Army, and who has
been, by the War Department, charged with
the surveys of the upper Mississippi river.
The Clerk read as ioliows:
Washington, D. C„ June 27, 1868.
Sib: I havo the hon  r to acknowledge the receipt
of your letter of the 26th instant, expressing the so-
licitude felt in regard to the breaking away of the
rocks and recession of the Falls of St. Anthony, a-nd
asking my views eonccrning the formation of the
falls, the danger of their destruction by successive
floods, and the injury to navigation above the falls
that would result from their destruction.
A brief description of the structure of the rocks at
the I alls of St. Anthony is as follows:
The lock forming the bed of the river at and just
above the falls is a stratum of hard magnesian lime-
stone, having a well-marked jointed structure, po us
to readily separate into large blocks from fifteen
to thirty feet square. Immediately in contact with
limestone, beneath it, is a layer nf clay at about
three feet in thickness, nearly or quite impervious
to water.
Beneath this clay stratum is a very soft silieious
sand rock, easily worn away by the water, and ex-
tending downward an unascertained depth, into
which the water washes deep holes below the falls.
The hard capping rock is thus being undermined,
especially in flood stages and falling off in large
