340
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 13,
Ho. of Reps.
Internal Tax—Mr. Selye.
40-th Ookg....2d
collector of such county or collection district
in which such property should be situate, of
ti.3 fact of such illegal manufacture or the
kssping or selling of such spurious liquors, by
letter, telegraph, or otherwise, it should be
taken for granted that he was consenting
thereto, and in such case such real estate should
be forfeited to the United States the same as
though the owner was manufacturing or keep-
ing such liquors on his premises in violation
of law, except in case of infants, idiots, and
iusanepersons; but no laud deeds to an infant,
idiot, or insane person after the taking effect
of the law should be so exempted.
And in addition to such forfeitures such
persons so making or keeping such liquors in
violation of law should be severely punished
by fine and imprisonment. And in order to
insure a detection of all violations of the law,
and a certain and speedy punishment of all
persons so violating the same, provision should
be made for all persons to inform that desired
to in caseof such violations; and as an induce-
ment for such information such informersshould
have all or a very large share of the proceeds
of such forfeiture, after the tax and expense
the Government had been put to in proving
the same were deducted therefrom.
A section should be added embracing a sys-
tem of penalties,, including fine and imprison-
ment, for every willful violation of the law, and
an express provision should be made prevent-
ing the compromising of cases instituted for
violations of the law, or the compounding of
felonies under it.
The law should also piovide that all liquors
found within the United States after the 1st
day of September, 1868, which had been man-
ufactured prior to the taking effect of the law
I propose, and upon which the tax had not
been paid, the burden of proving such pay-
ment should be upon the claimant of such
liquors; such liquors, together with the real
estate and all personal property found thereon,
should, in like manner, be forfeited to the
United States as provided in tho case of illegal
manufacture of liquors, unless such person or
persons claiming the same should, on such
1st day of September, 1808, pay tho tax due
thereon, or show that the same had been paid
previous thereto. This last provision would
put millions of dollars into the Treasury out of
which it has been swindled, and thereby justly
puitish men who have been willfully violating
the law.
With such a law upon the statute-book, in
(ny judgment no man would daro to undertake
the manufacture or sale of spurious liquors.
Such liquors upon a man's premises, with a
law of that kind, would be worse than a mad
dog, for it would not only subject him to fine,
but his person to imprisonment, and at the same
time destroy his property by causing it to be
forfeited to the United States. Such a law as
I have stated all honest men could easily com-
ply with, and no.man, not even a thief, would
dare hazard a violation of it.
Some may insist that the law f propose is
too severe, and that public sentiment would not
be in favor of its enforcement. I insist that
so soon as the people once understand the
extent of the frauds now being practiced upon
the Government by the class of persons known
as the whisky ring, they would favor the
enforcement of any law that would break down
that ring and collect the revenues. In its
enforcement it can injure none but willful vio-
lators; and it matters but little to me how
much they may suffer providing honest men
cau be benefited thereby. Our revenues must
be collected and laws must be made strong
enough and enforced, at all hazards, to accom-
plish that, even if we have to imprison and
forfeit the property of every scoundrel in the
land who undertakes willfully to violate it.
Similar provisions to those I have named
could be enacted to prevent tobacco frauds.
Internal Tax.
SPEECH OE HON. LEWIS SELYE,
OJ? SEW YOllK,
In the House of Bepresextatives,
June 13, 1868,
In Goinmitteo of tho W.&qle on the state of the
Union on the bill (II. K. No. 1060) to reduce into
one act and to hmend the laws relating to internal
taxes.
Mr. SELYE. Mr. Chairman, the attention
of honorable members has been largely occu-
pied since the opening of the present session
of Congress with the consideration of ques-
tions connected with the finances and currency
of the country. Numerous suggestions have
been made for expediting the return to specie
payments; projects in great variety have been
presented for reducing or paying in a manner
little burdensome to the people the public
debt, and multiplied proposals of the most
opposite and diverse character have been of-
fered for the amendment of our present system
of currency.
The restless anxiety of the public mind on
these subjects, and the zeal and persistency
with which they have been discussed in both
Houses of Congress, give evidence that our
whole financial and monetary system is out of
order, and that disease is deep-seated in the
body-politic, which must be removed before
the restoration of sound national health is
possible. I have no desiie, sir, to undervalue
the importance of the efforts that are being
made by honorable gentlemen to restore specie
payments, and bring back the currency to a
sound and normal condition ; I have no wish
to obstruct any measure calculated to lessen
tho weight of debt which presses so heavily on
the country, or to lighten the taxation ren-
dered inevitable by that debt.
But I believe, Air. Chairman, that, a broader
statesmanship and a sounder political philos-
ophy would teach us to look deeper than the
external symptoms of the disease, and investi-
gate the source from which it springs. That
this has not been already done by abler men is
my apology for now addressing you.
I had hoped that the report of the Special
Commissioner of tho Kevenue would have
offered to us such a statement of the national
disease as would have exhibited not only the
extent, but the causes of our present industrial
and commercial depression, and at the same
time have suggested a remedy adequate to its
removal. But able and valuable as that docu-
ment unquestionably is for the extent and
variety of the information it contains, collected
with great industry and presented with great
clearness, it yet fails, as I conceive, to offer to
our consideration any complete or well adjusted
system of national finance, for the leason that
it ignores, or more strictly speaking, evades, by
postponement, the discussion of that essential
feature—the adjustment of the tariff question.
That depression severe and universal in ali
our industrial and commercial interests does
exist will not be denied. Thousands of unem-
ployed laborers throng our cities; tho capital
invested in our varied manufacturing enter-
prises lies unrewarded ; the tax gatherer en-
forces his relentless demands in a period of
universal depression, and thounemployed work-
man and the overburdened employer alike look
forward with gloomy anticipation to a period
of suffering and privation, if bankruptcy and
disaster. All our great manufacturing inter-
ests—cotton and wool and iron—are languish-
ing; all the lesser industries connected with or
depending oil them languish too. The demand
for manufactured goods has dwindled lo a point
less than has been reached for many}ears,
and in an inverse ratio with the diminished
consumption of the country have declined the
profits of its production.
Following this decline in the profits of pro-
duction, so plainly felt now by all classes of the
community, is necessarily s commensurate de-
cline in the tax-paying power of the people,
and as this depression sinks into prostration
will this inability to bear taxation be increased,
until universal compiercial bankruptcy super-
vene, and the advocates of national repudia-
tion shall have placed within their reach the
coveted opportunity of accomplishing their
guilty and unpatriotic object.
I hold, then, Mr. Chairman, that first in the
discussion of the means by which the national
financial and industrial prosperity may be re-
stored, comes the question, Sow is ihe pro-
ductive pmcer of the country to be maintained
and increased ?
I answer ; by the development of our indus-
trial resources and the health}' stimulation of
our national production. In accomplishing
this I do not underrate the importance of en-
forcing a rigid economy in the public expendh
tures, and of lessening the burden of taxation.
I do not underrate the importance of securing
a sound currency as well as a wise administra-
tion of the public debt. But I hold that not
less important than any or all of these, it is to
protect our own industry from the destructive
effects of foreign competition, and thus to
render it profitable and prosperous, and by the
same means to turn back the stream of gold
which is now flowing to Europe in such mighty
volume to pay our foreign trade balances.
kevisiox op the taeiff.
This subject, sir, of the necessity of the
revision of the tariff, so as to render it truly
effective not only to secure sufficient revenue
for our Treasury, but adequate protection for
our industry, has been, I observe, studiously
avoided, as well by Mr. Commissioner Wells
as by many honorable gentlemen in this House,
whose zeal and eloquence had placed them, in
former sessions, among the foremost advocates
of protection to American labor. Feeling, sir,
the immeasurable importance of this subject
to my country, I can be no party, from any
considerations of personal interest or political
expediency, to its further neglect by Congress.
In undertaking to discuss it, sir, I make no
pretensions either to oratory or philosophy,
and shall endeavor to treat it in a manner at
once plain and practical, looking rather for
my guidance to the teachings of experience in
my own and other countries than to the gen-
eralities and abstractions of so-called political
economy, by which the friends and advocates
of the manufacturing interests of foreign coun-
tries have so unremittingly and so successfully
sought to deceive and mislead our people.
Springing from tho working classes, and
sympathizing with the men who toil, I am not
here the advocate of protection to any special
class or interest or section of the country;
but I am here the advocate of protection to
American industry of every branch and in
every State.
The production of the country, sir, is one ;
whether it be from our forests or our fields,
from our mines or from our factories, the peo-
ple, all the people, are interested in the com-
mon produce of the nation, whatever their
pursuits or wherever their locality may be.
Thus, sir, neither championing the interests
of the East nor the West, the North nor the
South, I aim at the enforcement of a grand
National Policy of complete industrial inde-
pendence, the effect of which will be not only
to secure the comfort and independence and
elevation of the people, but also the power and
solvency and honor of the nation.
Mr. Chairman, I am not ashamed of this
d oct rin c of protection ; I am not afraid to speak
the word, and tell honestly what I mean. The
specious sophisms of the so-called free trade
philosophers of Manchester and Paris have not
deceived me. I regmd man, made in the image
