1868.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
341
40th Cong....2b Sess.
Internal Tax—Mr. Selye,
Ho. of Kbfs.
of his Creator, endowed not only with the phys-
ical capacity to labor, but with an intellect to
think and a soul to live hereafter, as something
different from a mere machine to be used as an
instrument ol production at the smallest pos-
sible co«stto itspossessor j and I hold that there
is something more important to a nation than
the ability to undersell its neighbors or com-
petitors in the markets of the world, If, sir,
the penalty of making cheap goods is the moral
and intellectual debasement of a people, then
do I affirm that in a country the power and
prosperity of whose Government depends (as it
does in the United States) on the intelligence
and virtue of its citizens, the policy of degrad-
ing labor here to an equality with its condi-
tion in Europe would not only be a political
blunder, but a moral crime.
protection maintained cy the fathers.
The principle, sir, of protection for which I
contend, is no novelty in American polities.
It has been held fiom the beginning by the
founders of this Government, and the great
political teachers of the people—men whom we
are accustomed to honor, and whose opinions
on all other subjects are regarded as authori-
ties. Among these I may enumerate the rev-
erend names of Franklin, and Jefferson, and
Madison? and Jackson, and., in his earlier and
better days, Calhoun, and Clay, and Webster,
and Lincoln, and many others.
franklin. |
Franklin, in a letter to Humphrey Marshall, i
written in London in the year 1771, aays on '
this subject:
"Every manufacture encouraged in our country
makes part of a market for provisions within our-
selves, and saves so much money to the country as
must otherwise be exported to pay for the manutac-
turcs he supplies. Here in England ic is well known
and understood that wherever a manufacture is es-
tablished which employs a number ot hands it raises
the value of land in the neighboring country all
around it; partly by the greater demand near at ,
hand ibr the produce ot Ihe bind, and partly from !
the plenty of money drawn by the manufacturers to !
that part of the country. It seems, theietore, the in- ]
teres-totall ourfarrnersandownersof land toeneour
age our young manufactures in preference to foreign
ones imported among us from distant countries."
jefferson.
Jefferson, in a letter to J. B. Say in 1815,
enforces the policy of protection, even to pro-
hibition, of articles which we are capable of
producing at home. The words in which he
asserts the importance of securing by govern-
mental interference national industrial inde-
pendence are so remarkable that I am induced
to quote them :
" Experience has shown that continued peace de-
pends not merely on our own justice and prudence,
but on that ot others, also; that when forced into
war the interception of exchanges which must be
made across a wide ocean becomes a powerful weapon
in the hands of an enemy domineering over that
element, and to other distresses ot war adds the want
of all those necessaries lor which we have permuted
ourselves to be dependent on otbeis—even aims and
clothing. This fact, therefore, solves the question
by reducing to its ultimate form whether profit or
preservation is the first interest of the State? We
are, consequently, become manufacturers toadegree
incredible lo those who do not see it, and who only
consider the short peiiod of time during which we
have been driven to them by the suicidal policy of
England. The prohibitory duties tee lay on nil articles
of foreign manufacture which prudvn.ee requires us to
establish at home, with the patriotic determination of
every good citizen to use no foreign article which can
mode icit/un ourselves, u-ithovt regard to difference of
priccx, secures us agauibt relapse into foreign depend-
ency."
And, in a subsequent letter, the great states- j
man distinctly records his opinion in favor of a i
protective tariff. Writing, January 9, 1610, to 1
Air. Benjamin Austin, he says ; |
"You tell me X am quoted by those who wish to |
continue our dependence on England for manufac- ;
tures. There was a time when I might have been so :
quoted with more candor." "We j
have since experienced what we did not then be- i
lievo—that there exists both profligacy and power j
enough to exclude us from the field of interchange i
with other nations; that to be independent ior the '
comforts of life we must fabricate them ourselves.
"Wc must -note place tht mavitfactvrer Ini the side of
the agriculturist." * * * * ° He, there*,
fore, who is now"against domestic manufactures must
be either lor reduemgus to dependence on that for-
eign nation, or to be clothed in skins and to livo like
wild beasts in dens and caverns. I am proud to say
that I ain not one of these. Experience has taught
me that manufaclures are now as necessary to our inde-
pendence as to our comfort f and if those who quote
ine as of a different opinion will keep pace with me
in purchasing nothing foreign where an equivalent of
ctoinesttc fabric can be obtained, without any regard to
ditferen.ee a) price, it will Dot ba ourfault if we donot
nave a supply nt homo equal to our demand, and
wrest that weapon ot distress from the hand which
has f>0 long wantonly violated it."
MADISON.
Madison, one of the wisest and greatest
statesmen this country has produced, thus
opposed the "let-alone1'' doctrines of the free-
traders, in a letter addressed "to Mr. Joseph
C. Cabell, in 1828 :
"Tho theory of 'let us alone' supposes that all
nations concur in a peiieet treedom of commercial
intercourse. Wore this tho case they would, in a
commercial view, be but one nation, as much as the
several districts composing a particular nation; and
the theory would be as applicable to the former as to
the latter. But this golden age of free trade has not
yet arrived, nor is there a single nation that has set
the example. No nation can, indeed, safely do so
until a reciprocity, at least, be insured to it."
* * * "A nation leaving its foreign trade, in
all cases, to regulate itself might soon find it regu-
lated by other nations into subserviency to a foreign
interest. In the interval between the peace of 1783
and the establishment of the presentConstitution of
the United estates the want of a general authority to
regulate trade is known to have had this conse-
quence." * * - * " The theory sup-
poses, moreover, a perpetual peace—a supposition,
it is to be feared, not less chimerical than a universal
freedom of commerce."
And in giving this summary of the opinions
on this question of our illustrious statesmen, I
may fitly refer to the recorded views of
andrew jackson,
although they have been often quoted. Writing
to his friend, Dr. Coleman, in 1824, the hon-
ored patriot says:
" You ask my opinion on the tariff. I answer that
I am in iavorof a judicious examination and revis-
ion of it; and so far as the tariff hdlbi'fore u<s embt accs
the design of fostering and protecting,preserving within
ourselves the means of national defense and independ-
ence, particularly in a state vf war, / would advocate
and support it. The experience of the late war ought
<o teach us a lesson, and one never to be forgotten.
If our liberty and republican form of government,
procured for us by our revolutionary lathers, are
worth the blood and treasure at which they were
obtained, it is surely our duty to protect and defend
them." * * ~ * "This tariff—I mean a
judicious one—possesses more fanciful than real dan-
ger. I will ask: what is the real situation of the
agriculturist? Where has the American farmer a
market for his surplus product? Except for cotton
he has neither a foreign nor a home market. Does
not this clearly prove, when there is no maiket either
at home or abioad, that there is too much labor em-
ployed in agriculture, and that the channels for labor
should be multiplied? Common s-ense points out the
remedy. Draw from agriculture tho superabundant
labor; employ it in mechanism and mauufactuies,
thereby creating a home market for your breadstuff^,
and distributing labor to the most profitable account
and benefit to the country. Take from agriculture
in the United States six hundred thousand men,
women, and children, and you will at once give a
home market for more breadstuffs than all Europe
now furnishes us. In short, sir, we have been too
long subject to the policy of British merchants. It
is time that wc should become a little more^lmeri-
canized, and, instead of feeding the paupers and
laboreis of Kngland, feed our own, or else in a shoit
time, by continuing our present policy, v?q shall be
rendered paupers ourselves/'
To this brief selection from the declarations
of the fathers I might add the recorded utter-
ances of nearly, if not quite all. the statesmen
of this country, whose experience has guided
the national councils, and whose wisdom has
been acknowledged by the people.
protection* maintained by tut rulers and statks-
men op eubopr.
Nor are the statesmen of this country alone
in their teachings on this subject—Colbert, the
father of the economical system of France, two
centuries ago, avowed and enforced them, and
in a single passage in one of his reports to
Louis XV expresses the cardinal principles
of his system; "Reduction of export duties
upon all domestic products; diminution of
import duties on raw materials; exclusion of
foreign manufactures by means of increase of
duties.1'
We know how well the first Kapole6n hrcder-
stood the principle of protection—how well,
too, he understood the, dangerous fallacies of
the free-tra,ders of his day. "If the empire
were of adamant,'1 said he, li political econ-
omists would grind it to dust;,f and he an-
swered their sophisms by the resistless logic
of a blockade all round the maritime coast of
Europe, and by this means released forever
France and Germany from the industrial dom-
ination of Great Britain. And in this matter
the present emperor of France has shown
himself an apt disciple of his great teacher—
the Anglo-French treaty of 1860, so boasted
as a " free-trade treaty," being in fact a wisely
concocted protective measure, by which the
interests of French industry were intended to
be secured in a manner much more effective
than those of American industry by the Mor-
rill tariff of 1861, which has been the object
of such virulent and unreasonable assault by
the friends of British traders and manufac-
turers at home and abroad.
chevalier.
M. Chevalier, the celebrated French econo-
mist, notwithstanding his opposition to the
policy of protection, as applied to France, pre-
sents this strong plea for the principle itself:
"It is not an abuse of power on the part of the
Government; on the contrary, it is the accomplish-
ment of a positive duty, so to act at each epoch m the
progress of a nation as to favor tab' ng possession of all
the bianches of industry whose acquisition is author-
ized by the nature ©/ things. Governments are, in,
effect, the personification ot nations, and it is required
that they should exercise their influence in the
direction indicated by tho general interest, properly
studied, and iully appreciated. Therefore (he con-
tinues) X shall carelully avoid censuring Colbert, in
France, or Cromwell, in England, for the effort to
establish, in his own country, a powerful commercial
maiine. I regard as excellent the desire of some of
Uie eminent men of the principal nations of Europo
to er^'ibhbh ground them the various branches of
manufacturer, although T may not praise without
distinction all the measures by them adopted tor the
accomplishment ol their object."
These words were written in the year 1852.
Nor is the French economist alone in the
admission of the inherent soundness of the
principle of protection.
John Stuart Mill, the illustrious political
philosopher of England, whose advocacy of
"free trade" is so well known, avows in his
work entitled "Principles of Political Econ-
omy,1' the opinion that "the superiority of
one country over another in a branch of pro-
duction often arises only from having begun it
sooner. There may (he alleges) be no inherent
advantage on one part, or disadvantage on the
other, but only a present superiority of skill
and experience. A country which has this
skill and experience yet to acquire may in
other respects be better adapted to the pro-
duction than those which were earlier in the
field ; and, beside, it is a just remark, that
nothing has a greater tendency to produce
improvement in any branch of production
than its trial under a new set of conditions.
But if cannot (he proceeds) be expected that
individuals should, at their oxon cost, introduce
a new manufacture, and bear the burdens of
carrying it on until the producers have been
educated up to the line of those with whom
the processes have become traditional. A
protective duty, continued for a reasonable
time, will sometimes be the least inconvenient
mode in which a country can tax itself for the
support of such an experiment.'''
sarcasms axd fallacies of free trade.
Sir, we are accnstorned to hearing from the
advocates of free trade sarcastic insinuations
against the "narrow and antiquated notions '
of protection, as though it were the remnant
of a by-gone barbarism, which was destined
rapidly to disappear before the science and ihe
wisdom of an enlightened civilization. V* e
have been accustomed to hearing the tariff
