3890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
just taken, and also move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. DONNELLY. On that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the House
now take its recess.
internal tax bill.
The SPEAKER. Before putting the ques-
tion on the motion of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Spai.ding,] the Chair will state that prob-
ably the tax bill will, during the session of this
evening, be returned from the Senate with
amendments. Although the business for this
evening has been limited to the consideration
of reports from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, it would expedite business if the
Chair should be authorized to order the print-
ing of those amendments when received and
their reference to the Committee of Ways and
Means. If there be no objection, that order
will be considered as made.
There was no objection.
The motion of Mr. Spalding was agreed to ;
and the House (at half past four o'clock p. m.)
took a recess till half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVEN ING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m., and was called to order by the
Speaker, who announced as the only business
in order reports from tlie Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
saraii milggs thomas mason.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. Speaker, a few days ago
I moved that the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the application of Sarah Briggs for a
pension, and that the same be referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and of
the War of 1812. I find that in submitting
that motion I made a mistake. The papers
from the consideration of which our committee
should have been discharged were those of
Thomas Mason. I move that the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions and of the War of
1812 be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the application of Sarah Briggs, and
that the same bo recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MILLER. I also move that the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions be discharged from
the further consideration of the case of Thomas
Mason, and that the same be referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and
of the War of 1812.
The motion was agreed to.
saiiau e. ball.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill (II. II. No.
1382J) granting a pension to Sarah 15. Ball,
widow of James Ball, deceased, late a fireman
on the steamer Vidette, connected with the
Burnside expedition; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill authorizes and directsthe Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Sarah E. Ball, of
Poughkeepsie. New York, widow of James
Ball, deceased, who was a fireman on the
steamer Vedette, belonging to the Government
of the U nited States, and connected with the
Buruside expedition, and who died of disease
contracted in the service, leaving a widow and
two children under sixteen years of age;
Elnora, born June 26, 1833, and George D.,
born^ January 3, 1855. She is to be paid a
pension of eight dollars per month during her
widowhood, to commence May 9, 18G2, and at
her death or marriage the pension is to be
paid to such of the children of James Ball,
deceased, as may then be under the age of
sixteen years.
Ti.e bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that Ihe motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
miss ann e. hamilton.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill (H. R. No.
1383) granting a pension to Miss Ann E. Ham-
ilton, of Alleghany City, Pennsylvania, aunt
and adopted mother of James E. McKillip
and Charles B. McKillip, deceased, late sol-
diers in the Union Army ; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll the
name of Miss Ann E. Hamilton, aunt and
adopted mother of James E. McKillip, late
a private in company I1', sixty-first regiment
Pennsylvania volunteers, who was wounded in
thebattle at Fair Oaks, Virginia, May 31,1862,
and died of his wounds in Richmond, June
30, 18G2; and Charles B. McKillip, late a cor-
poral in company G, sixty-second regiment
Pennsylvania volunteers, who was killed in
battle at Gaines's Hill, Virginia, June 27,1862,
the pension to be at the rate of eight dollars
per month during her natural life, to com-
mence June 27, 18G2.
Mr. MAYNARD. This is a rather unusual
case, and I should like to have some explana-
tion of it.
Mr. MILLER. The mother of these two
young men died when one was a little over one
year old and the other was three years old. On
her death-bed she requested her sister to take
charge of these children. The father lived
but a year afterward. The sister, a milliner
in Alleghany, took charge of these children
and raised them up. Both went into the Army
and both fell in battle.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is enough.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid ou the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MILLER. I ask that the report of the
Committee on Invalid Pensions upon the bill
just passed be printed in the Globe, as the case
is a peculiar one.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
it will be so ordered.
There was no objection.
The report is as follows :
Tho Committee on Invalid Pensions, to whom was
referred the application of Miss Ann K. Hamilton,
of Alleghany city, Pennsylvania, for a pension, beg
leave to report:
Thatfroin the evidence laid before your committee
it appears that in the year 1838 the siator of the
applicant,_ to wit, Mrs. Ewna McKillip, who was
intermarried with Samuel McKillip, a resident in
Indianapolis, in the State of Indiana:, died, leaving
two small children, named respectively James K
and Charles P. McKillip ; the foi mer of which was
born in December, 1835, and the latter in August,
1837. That their father, Samuel McKillip, died in
March, 1839, leaving said orphan children in des-
titute circumstances. That their aunt, tho said Miss
Ann E. Hamilton, then tools said children to her
home, and though dependent upon her own indus-
tiy, (having to make her living by her needle,) led,
clothed, and educated them, giring thenvthe same
parental care and attention as if she had been their
natural mother, they being m like manner attached
to hc-r. and afrcr being raised and educated, and
while in return for tho parental care, were by their
industry aiding in support of their said aunt, the
rebellion broke out, known as the war of 1801, and
both the young men, being patriotic, enlisted in the
Union Army in defense of their country. Said
Charles P. McKillip was enrolled and mustered into
service July 31, 1861, as corporal in company (1,
sixty-second regiment Pennsylvania volunteers, to
servo three years, and was killed in battle at Gaines'
Hill, Virginia, June 27.1862; and said James 15. Mc-
Killip was enrolled Aucust 1,1861, and mustcredmto
service October 31, 1861, in company P, sixty-first
regiment Pennsylvania volunteers, to serve three
years, and was wounded May 31,1862, m battle at
Pair Oaks. Virginia, taken prisoner by tlie rebels
and died of wounds in Richmond, June 30, 1802.
Thus the two brothers bothlostthcir lives battling
in defense of tho Union. Neither of them were mar-
ried or left issue. Their kind aunt and adopted
mother who had reared them from their infancy was
deprived in her advanced age of these young men,
on whom her affections centered, and of thatsupport
which they were then rendering her in return for
what she had done for them. She now makes appli-
cation for a pension, backpay, and bounty. As to the
back pay and bounty, though she seems in justice
entitled to whatever was due these two young men,
still that question properly belongs to the Committee
on Military; Affairs to decide; but as to tho pension
your committee are of opinion that, under the cir-
cumstanccs disclosed, the said Miss Ann E. Hamilton
ought to be allowed a pension at the rate of eight
dollars per month, during her natural life, to com-
mence on the 27th of June, 1862, and therefore recom-
mend tho passage of the accompanying bill, and as to
the application for back pay and bounty, your com-
mittee ask to be discharged from the further consid-
eration thereof, and request that so much of her
application as relates thereto be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
All of which is respectfully submitted.
GEORGE F. MILLER.
In behalf of the Committee.
captain james donaldson.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
also reported back adversely the petition of
Captain James Donaldson for pension as cap-
tain, or to be allowed to retire on same allow-
ance as those in the Military Asylum ; and the
same was laid upon the table.
jasper. eveland
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
also reported back adversely the petition of
Jasper Eveland, of company E, seventh regi-
ment Illinois volunteers j and the same was
laid on the table.
mus. elizabeth lase.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
also reported a bill (H. R. No. 1384) granting
a pension to Mrs. Elizabeth Lane, of Boston,
Massachusetts, motherof John Lane, deceased,
late private in company A, twelfth regiment
Massachusetts volunteers; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Mrs. Elizabeth Lane, mother of
John Lane, deceased, late private in company
A, tweltth regiment Massachusetts volunteers,
killed in action August 30, 1802, at the second
battle of Bull Run, Virginia, and that she shall
be paid a pension of'eight dollars" a month
during her widowhood, commencing the 30th
of August, 1862.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
mus. christiana dickey.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
also reported back House bill No. 563, grant-
ing a pension to Mrs. Christiana Dickey; and
moved that it be laid upon the table, as the
Commissioner of Pensions proposed to allow
the pension.
The motion was agreed to.
mrs. iiosalinda m'cabe.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
also reported a bill (II. R. No. 1385) granting
a pension to Rosalinda McCabe, widow of
Barney McCabe, deceased, late private tenth
regiment New York cavalry volunteers: which
was read a first and second time.
_ The bill directs the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place on the pension-roll, subject to
the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Rosalinda McCabe, widow
ot Barney McCabe, tenth regiment New York
cavalry volunteers, who died 14th July, 1803,
leaving surviving said widow, who has not
remarried, and issue three children under six-
teen years of age, namely, William, born Oc-
tober 20, 1859; Charles Edwin, born January
29, 1861; and Emily Jane, born May 11, 1863 ;
and that there be paid during her widowhood
a pension at the rate of eight dollars a month,
to commence the 14th of July, 18C3, and also
be paid under the provisions of the act of Con-
gress relative to pensions approved July 25,
1861, a further sum of two dollars per month
