342
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 1S5
Ho. of Reps.
Internal Tax—Mr. 8dye.
40th Cojstg. ...2d Sjess.
legislation of the couulry held up to public
execration as intended to benefit a class of
grasping and selfish manufacturers at the cost
of the workingmen and the farmers of the
country.
Efforts have been made to mislead the people
by the statement of vague, but plausible, gener-
alities ; and so persistent has been the zeal of
these missionaries of a foreign interest that
millions of our countrymen are to this day
deceived upon the subject and verily believe
that it is bettor to import our fabrics from for-
eign countries than to manufacture them at
home!
Mr. Chairman, it is time that this delusion
should be dispelled; and therefore I have occu-
pied the time of the House in establishing this
fact: that the principle of protection, for which
I contend, has the direct sanction and authority
of the great statesmen of American history ;
the example and the teachings of the wisest
and greatest rulers and ministers produced in
Europe for the last two centuries. Yea, more,
sir, the very apostles and prophets of free trade
themselves have been adduced as witnesses to
prove the argument for it to be unanswerable.
So much, sir, and for the reasons I have
stated, have I throught it well to say in defense
of the principle of protection. I shall now,
with your permission, look at the practical
working of that principle, as we see it illus-
trated in the experience of our own and other
lands.
HISTORICAL EXAMPLES—flEEAT BRITAIN.
And first, let us turn to Great Britain—that
land from which we import so many, not only
of our goods, but of our opinions, and from
whose philosophers and statesmen have ema-
nated that pernicious system of "freetrade"
which has been used—sometimes by visionary
theorists, sometimes by selfish demagogues—
but always with the effect of misleading the
unwary and deceiving the ignorant of our
people.
It may then be well to inquire what, lias born
the experience and the practice of Great Britain
in this matter of free trade, respecting which
her economists profess with patronizing pity to
instruct the people of this benighted land.
Great Britain, Mr. Chairman, with an area
of only one hundred and twenty-one thousand
nine hundred and twelve square miles, (less
than many of 'Ourindividual States.) possesses
a commerce far surpassing that of any other
nation on the earth. Her imports and exports
of merchandise for the year 18G6 amounted to
the value of £534,195,956, or $2,670,979,780.
The foreign commerce of our own country is for
the same period not one third as much, and
when I add that the annual exports of British
manufactures now amount to §750,000,000 the
predominant interest to which that people are
indebted for a foreign trade so vast and so vari-
ous is manifest.
What are the causes, sir, which have given
England this mighty manufacturingsupremacy?
She possessesno natural advantages which can
be considered as peculiar or controlling. On
the one hand, she depends, and always must
depend, to a great degree, on other lands for
her food and raw materials. She owes much,
it is true, to the industry and perseverance of
her people; much to her iron and coal mines,
so rich and so accessible; much also to her
insular position, which makes it so easy for
her to receive her supplies and distribute her
productions. But all this would have availed
but little without governmental aid. Longand
steadily, sir, has England maintained the policy
of protection; and the English manufacturer
for generations—alike in peace and in war—
under every dynasty and administration, has
been enabled to rely on the steady and enlight-
ened cooperation of liis Government. To pro-
tect, extend, and encourage the manufactures
of Great Britain has been the traditional policy
of her statesmen. The result is seen in a man-
ufacturing prosperity without a parallel on the
earth.
She resolutely and systematically began her
system of protection in the year 1338.
And, first, with regard to woolens, Edward
III, seeing the absurdity of growing wool in
England, which had to be sent across the chan-
nel to be converted into cloth, set himself to
work to induce Flemish artisans to come over
andsettlein England to teach the English work-
men the arts of spinning-, dyeing, and weaving.
He accordingly sent abroad agents to induce
them to come over, promising them protection
and holding out liberal offers to those who
should accept his invitation. The provision
of law by which foreigners are entitled, cxcept
in case of treason, to trial by a mixed jury—■
half natives and half aliens—a provision which
has recently attracted so much attention by
reason of the refusal of such a jury to some of
the Fenians, was one of the assurances of fair
play ho established in their favor. That pro-
vision is found in his statute of 1850, for the
regulation of the staple, that is, for the estab-
lishment and government of markets for the
purchase and sale of wool and of woolen cloths,
the last place where a man would think of look-
ing for it who did not know that it was a part
of the system for the protection of domestic
industry—a temptation to the workman to
transport himself, once for all, to the place
where the food and the raw material are grown,
instead of sending barrels of flour and pork
and bales of wool over the sea for his whole
lifetime just to bring them back again in the
shape of cloth, burdened with the costs of trans-
porting tons of matter both ways, when by
bringing the mail once you gel him and his
posterity forever.
Fuller, in his Church History, gives this
quaint account of the means resorted to by
Edwaid:
"Englishmen at this timo knew no more what to do
with ttie wool than the sheep that wear it as to any
artificial and curious drapery, their best cloths being
no better than friezes, sueh was their coarseness for
want ot skill m the making. Unsuspected emissaries
were employed by our king in those countries, who
wrought themselves into familiarity with such Dutch-
men as were absolute masters of their trade, but not
masters ot" themselves as journeymen and appren-
tices. They bemoaned the slavishness of these poor
servants, whom their masters used rather like hea-
thens than Christians; yea, rather like horses than
men; eaily up and late in bed, and all day hard work
and harder hire, as a lew herrings and moldy cheese,
and all to enrich thechurls, their masters, with profit
to themselves. But Oh, how happy should tliey be
it they would but come into England, bringing their
mystery with them, which would provide them wel-
come in all places, llerc they should feed on fat beef
and mutton till nothing but their fullness should
stint, their stomachs. Yea, they should livo on the
labors of their own hands, enjoying a proportionable
profit of their gains to themselves: their beds should
be good and their bed-fclloivs better, seeing the rudest
yeoman m England would not disdain to marry their
daughters unto them, and such English beauties that
the most envious foreigner could not but commend
them."
In the reign of James I, about the time our
ancestors were landing at Plymouth, agents
were employed to bring fiom llochelle, in
France, "three prime workmen," to instruct
his subjects in the process of manufacturing
the alum used in dyeing; and the three prime
workmen were smuggied out of the French
port in hogsheads.
In 1054 the stocking weavers said, in a me-
morial to Oliver Cromwell, that their success
had "vindicated the nation against that old
proverbial expression, ' The stranger buys of
the Englishman the case (skin) of the fox for
a groat, and sells him the tail again for a shil-
ling;' for we may now retort and say, the
Englishman buys silk of the stranger for twenty
marks, and sells him the same again for a
hundred pounds."
The statistics and regulations of this long
period would fill a volume, and I have cited
only a few pertinent facts. Honorable gen-
tlemen will remember that in the period to
which I refer, Edward III forbade, under the
severest penalties, the exportation of sheep
and wool from the kingdom. The punishments
affixed to the violation of this law were among
the most cruel of England's sanguinary code.
Fines, maimings, imprisonment, death, and
confiscation, wore the penalties ruthlessly en-
forced until 1746, when they were mitigated to
transportation for seven years, and this was
subsequently repealed, but not until 1825. The
British tariff act of 1819 imposed a protective
duty of fifty percent, on woolens, and by a later
act (1884) fifteen and twenty per cent, were
still retained upon them.
Thus, sir, we see that from 1388 to 1834 the
woolen manufacture in England was protected
by absolute prohibition, first enforced by pen-
alties, and afterward enforced by taxes.
Nor, sir, is the history of the iron industry
in England less significant and pertinent. In
1010 the protective duty laid on foreign bar
iron was £2 10s., or $12 SO per ton; in 1782,
£2 16s. 2d., or $14 ; in 1803, £4 4s., or §21;
in 1806, £5 7s., or $27; in 1819, £6 10s., or
$S2 50 in British vessels, or £7 18s. 6d. in
foreign ; in 1826, it was reduced to £1 10s.,
or $7 50. Why? Because through an unwaver-
ing policy of protection for a century and a
half her iron had obtained the mastery over
all competition.
The prices of bar iron at the works in 1825
were: In France, <620 10s.; in Belgium and
Germany, £10 14s.; in Sweden, £13 13s.; in
St. Petersburg, £15 13s.; in England, £10.
Truly, it was time to pull down the scaffolding
when the building was erectcd and covered in,
and it became wise to admit at as small a cost
as possible, as raw material, such qualities of
iron as she did not herself produce.
If it should be said that England's early
command of the finest wool, and her possession
of iron ore and coal gave her such natural
advantages as secured her superiority in these
industries, 1 would refer to another of her
manufactures for which she does not produce
any portion of the raw material. England
grows not a pound of cotton, yet, in I860, the
real value of the manufactures of cotton
exported from Great Britain amounted to
£52,000,000 sterling, or over two hundred and
fifty million dollars ; while the amount of her
exports of all other manufactures amounted
only to £41.000,000 or $2,000,000,000. Here
we see her naturalizingan utterly foreign man-
ufacture so as to make its products exceed one
half her total foreign commerce in her own
manufactures and productions. How was this
accomplished? The manufacture of cotton
was first introduced into England about 1740,
and at that time the East India article could
be sold at less than one third the price of the
domestic; and had its importation been per-
mitted the British manufacture could not have
been established against the competition of
the Asiatic product. But, notwithstanding all
the disadvantages under which the domestic
manufacture labored, the British founcl a way
of meeting the difficulty. It was at once sim-
ple and effective, and was done by an act of
Parliament, which reads thus :
"Calicoes, pain ted, °ta«>ed or dyed, inPeisin,China,
or the East Indies, shall not bo worn or used in this
kingdom."
And further:
"All such goods, whether mixed, sewed, nr made up
together for sale with any other goods, shall be for-
feited ; and the person in wiiose custody, knowing
thereof, the same shall be found, or that shall dis-
pose thereof,-shall forfeit £,200 I"
I I he British tariff upon cotton goods passed
I m 1819 still prohibited the manufacture of all
i countries east of the Cape of Good Hope, and
j upon all produced elsewhere charged fifty to
I sixty-seven per ccnt.
j The history of England's protective policy
i maybe best seen in a tabular statement, show-
j ing the duties imposed on foreign manufactures
I imported at various epochs ; and with your
