1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
459
Both duty and interest require this policy; j
and they have heightened their claim upon ■
the Government and people of the country:
first, by their bearing toward the Government
and by their unfaltering friendship for the
Union cause during the late rebellion; and
second, by their sagacity and good conduct in
using the liberties already accorded them.
Jefferson doubted whether a slave could
regard as his country the land where he was
born to live and labor for another. The doubt
. was very natural; but during the late struggle
with rebellion the slave population of the coun-
try felt as deeply as others that this was their
country, and they took the side of the Govern-
ment with abiding hope in its justice. They
could see what the struggle involved, and they
comprehended clearly that the triumph of the
Government would be the triumph of liberty.
And now, shall we deny the rights of these
men, tell them that this is the white man's
country, where they can have neither country
nor rights, and, like the gentleman from New
York, turn them over to association with the
gorilla? Mr. Chairman, have we no faith in
God ; no thought of those divine laws that reg-
ulate for nations the issues of life and death ?
But the highest reason for recognizing and
protecting the human rights of this race, the
reason that comprehends every other, is pointed
out in these words of Jefferson:
"Can the liberties of a nation be thought secure
when we have removed their only firm basis, a con-
viction in the minds of the people that these liberties
are the gift of God?"
Every system of despotism assumes that the
people have no rights save those the despots
may graciously accord, and these only so long
as the despots may see fit to allow. This Re-
public was founded on the belief that human
rights, or, in Jefferson's phrase, human "lib-
erties," are the God-given birthright of every
man that lives; and the only effectual safeguard
of free institutions is an all-pervading rever-
ence for personal rights, that feels as a crime
that must not be tolerated any invasion of the
rights of the humblest man—any attempt to
shut him out from equality before the law.
We cannot live by the doctrine that only
privileged classes and races have rights to be
respected. We must have in the minds of the
people, in our institutions, in our laws, in the
whole administration of our Government, the
sacredly-cherished conviction thathuman rights
are God-given rights, to be protected and held
in perpetual reverence, the Republic cannot
live under the influence of infidelity to the faith
in which it was founded. This, in itself, is a
sufficient reply to the gentleman from New
York, and to all others who favor his doctrine
and policy. The Republic cannot live under
such injustice as they propose. The sure fruit
of such wrong is a curse which no talk of
inferior races and no lordly scorn of the negro
race can prevent. We have felt it; we have
seen it debauch patriotism; we have seen it
breed treason; we have seen it darken the land
with the fury of war; and how can any man
who loves his country be willing to repeat the
experiment in any form ?
THE CURRENCY.
Mr. BARNES. Mr. Chairman, I propose to
address myself on this occasion to the consid-
eration of a question of the most vital concern
to this country and its people. Next to the
fundamental principles which organize Gov-
ernments to protect life and insure justice, the
financial principles of a nation are most import-
ant. The strength of armies, the equipment of
navies, the raising of crops, the interchange of
products, the literary attainment, and the phys-
ical comfort of the humblest individual, are
all measured by a money standard. In pro-
portion as nations rise in civilization the term
"money" loses its technical signification of
mere metallic coin, and q^dit and confidence
become incorporated as a part of the circulating
medium and as evidence of wealth. Every yara
or pound of the substance of a semi-civilized
people must be represented by metallic money
when it changes owners. As nations advance
in civilization the proportion of money to the
volume of exchanged values grows smaller.
In this as in all modern commercial nations the
amount of money bears but a small proportion
to total values. The difference between the
amount of our money and the amount of our
property is confidence; confidence in the usages
of society, in the integrity of individuals, in
courts of equity; confidence in the law of ex-
perience, that no considerable proportion of
the whole property of the country would ever
be forced to sale in any one day. The circu-
lating medium of this country is not over two
to three per cent, of the assessed value of its
property. The total transactions of the sev-
enty-one banks in the city of New York for
the week ending December 14 amounted to
$432,724,248, which were^all accomplished
with only $12,648,000 in money. This is in
a prompt community with cash habits. Farm-
ers, artisans, and manufacturers handle less
money in proportion. It is impossible that so
immense a weight, suspended upon so delicate
and sensitive a pendulum, should not vibrfcte
with great irregularity. Experiment and ex-
perience alone fix the limits which we learn
to call natural financial law, the law which
undertakes to decide what amount of currency
is requisite to the best good of a nation, and
what conditions, restrictions, and liabilities
are necessary to endow it with most stability.
The conditions upon which theories are formed
vary as widely as the results. The alternating
products of a nation, its internal harmony, its
external policy, its destruction of property
in war, the utilization of scientific principles
applied to mechanic art, long periods of pros-
perity or depression, serve to popularize theo-
ries which may be attended with disastrous
results. Wild chimeras are now filling the
public mind and are seeking expression in the
legislation of the nation. Such particularly
are the theories set forth in a bill recently intro-
duced into the other Chamber by a distinguished
Senator from Vermont; a bill bearing upon its
face evidences of the very best intentions, but
inwardly full of practical absurdities, which if
undertaken to be put in effect will involve the
question of the repudiation of the national debt
and the financial ruin of this generation of men.
Such appears to be the literal construction of
the recent report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. The bill of the honorable Senator, the
recommendations of the Finance Minister and
all the bills so far introduced into this Con-
gress, undertaking to legislate a return to specie
payments, hinge upon the fatal error that Con-
gress can, directly and independently of other
things, legislate when this period shall occur,
still preserving the best interests of the coun-
try. Now, Mr. Chairman, I am going to assert,
and afterward I am going to prove to this House
that Congress cannot independently and alone
or as a primary and single act, fix any day, be
it near or remote, be it this year or fifty years
hence, when we can return to the specie stand-
ard of the world. I assert, and I challenge any
gentleman upon this floor to prove the reverse,
that so long as Government bonds underlie our
circulating medium as they now do and those
bonds will not sell for eighteen per cent, more
in gold than they now do, that w£ can never
return to specie payment. Imagine, if possible
to do so, that legal tenders and gold are equal
par here to-day—what would be the fate of
$300,000,000 national bank bills to-morrow
which are issued upon $338,000,000 par value
of bonds? The market price of these bonds is
seventy-two, or a total value of $244,000,000.
Here is an immediate deficit of $56,000,000,
not counting the further depreciation to follow
liquidation under such unfavorable circum-
stances. Would not every dollar of these bills
be presented for gold as rapidly as messengers
could carry them to the places of redemption?
The banks hold less than thirty millions in gold,
and would not the answer to these demands be
a crash that would pull down the pillars of the
State in ruins? This generation <5f men would
wanderin Cimmerian darkness amid hecatotabs
of bankrupt citizens bearing our best and our
most honored names.
No, gentlemen, our legislation and our efforts
must be directed to enhancing the value of our
bonds. It is to bonds, and not to specie
that we must direct our attention. Finances,
money, cannot now be considered indepen-
dent of bonds. _ When our bonds advance to*
the same relative price with English con-
sols, with the Moorish and the New Zealand-
ers' bonds, now so superior to our own in the
markets of the world, we shall have arrived
at the happy date when we can not only pay
but demand specie for eur obligations ; and
that is all there is of it. Not one in a thou-
sand of our people can now tell how or when
we returned to specie after the suspension of
1857. When we have actually arrived at this
much-to-be-desired point we want simply to
legalize future transactions and instruct the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to exchange his gold in
excess of say $50,000,000 for the least desira-
ble class of circulating medium which is then
out. If this were done to-day it would replace
national bank bills; if in the mean time these
bills have been converted into legal tenders
we should retire them in the same way.
I again assert that there is no other way than
this to restore gold to circulation without re-
tarding the industries of the people and sowing
the seeds of wide-spread disaster. Do not sup-
pose that I desire to continue the present state
of finances a day longer than can be avoided,
or that I was ever in favor of placing our
finances where they now are. I fully realize
the grinding tax which a depreciated currency
places upon labor; I appreciate the natural
injustice of paying the bond-holder in gold
which he sells at forty per cent, premium
while the needy mechanic has to receive a
depreciated bill upon which he has to submit
to a heavy discount each time he buys a pair
of boots or a pound of sugar. I protested
against the legislation which brought this state
of things about. Still, I recognize the right to
be governed, although badly governed, and,
with other members of the community, I accept
things as tffey are, not as I would have them.
We have been told, sir, that a national debt
is a national blessing. I think this fallacy is
now understood. We have been told that our
national banks were the sustainers of the
national credit. I think we shall yet be made
to see our error upon this point. We have been
told that enfranchising as well as liberating the
negro was a source of well-distributed political
power and national wealth. We have already
partially found, and will still continue to find,
that disfranchising property and placing its
political control in the hands of those whose
only interest will be to convert it to their own
use does not bring revenue to the Govern-
ment, does not consume the products of com-
merce, does not add stability to our bonds, does
not decrease taxation or add to our national
strength.
I shall now proceed to consider our national
finances, and shall endeavor to confine myself
to three points: first, the amount of currency
required; second, the relation of national banks
to specie payments; and third, how to over-
come existing obstacles to that end.
Our debt is no doubt $1,000,000,000 more
to-day than it would have been had we not
suspended specie payment. The extravagance
and want of economy in all departments of
governmental affairs incident to such a re-
dundant currency as that which we put afloat
have entailed a tremendous loss upon the peo-
ple. I did not think it was necessary to place
ourselves in the financial condition in which
we now are ; but we are here, so far on our
journey of national life. The party and the
individuals who placed us here were our
agents, the agents of the Government. They
did as to them seemed wise and best. We
were passing through a great ordeal—"while
Rome debated Byzantium fell." We did
not debate, we did not fall. Be the acts of
