1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
343
40th Cong....2d Sess,
Internal Tax—Mr. Selye.
Ho. of Reps.
permission, sir, I shall read such a statement
to the House:
In 1787, woolens Prohibited.
European cotton * 44©50 per cent.
Glass   60 per cent.
Iron £2 16a. 8d. per ton.
In 1819, woolens 50 per cent.
Cottons 50@67 per cent.
Glass .80 per cent.
Iron £6 10s. per ton.
In 1834, woolens 15<y>20 per cent.
Cottons 1(K$20 percent.
Glass 37 per cent.
Iron £1 per ton.
* Those of the East prohibited in 1787 and 1819.
Mr. Chairman, I am speaking the facts of
history when I thus point out the means by
which England established her manufacturing
supremacy. They were first prohibition, and
aiterward protection.
ENFORCED UNDER SO-CALLED 1'RKE TRADE.
But within a few years past England pro-
fesses to have made a radical change of policy ;
and now proclaims herself not only the pattern,
but the champion of " free trade" before the
world. And yet the tariff of 1842, with its sub-
sequent modifications, was essentially discrim-
inating in behalf of domestic interests. It
secured an average duty of twenty per cent, ad
valorem on manufactured articles, and effected
a most important saving in the cost of produc-
tion, by opening the ports for foreign food.
But, sir, although a quarter of a century has
scarcely passed since this free-trade revolution
in GreatBritain has occurred, there are already
manifest unmistakable symptoms of its injuri-
ous effect upon the industry of the country.
Orders are being sent from Great Britain to
Belgium and France for iron, for locomotives,
for machinery, and for many articles in the
production of which England, up to a very
recent period, had held the place of admitted
superiority in the world. Germany is becom-
ing an active competitor of hers for the supply
of cutlery, steel, aud various articles of lighter
hardware ; and thus markets, which have been
heretofore controlled by Great Britain, are now
slowly but surely receding from her.
I take the following extract from a recent
number of Engineering—an able London jour-
nal, devoted to the discussion of industrial and
i/ip- \anical subjects—which frankly admits the
dauger of which I speak :
"Of all this, however, the consideration is now
useless. What we have done we cannot undo; nor
is it in the nature of man, with all his thousand chan-
nels of intercourse, to now preserve a monopoly ot
ideas nor, indeed, any exclusive information in
practical tcionco or art. Between ourselves and engi-
neers on the continent the race has become one, not of
engineering and manufacturing instinct, knowledge, and
fitness, hut one merely oj comnxerc.ial resources, laey
have plenty of coal and plenty ot iron for genera-
lions to come, even if they have not so much as^we
llt^The whole question of British ds. foreign ooropc-
tition is virtually narrowed to to at 01 the cost 01
labor, since, whatever our Mechanical resources,
our competitors trill er>vN as good ii not b^ter
machinery and we can iooii for no advantage, there-
fore, in thai i^pect. At present, labor is dearer m
Kniland than i,i France and Germany. Ihero are
lMny ip.isoiis for this. While wo are importers ot
iood at hi eh prices the leading continental nations
are exporters. Again, and for the very reason we
have just given, they arc more eepeci!ills
tarists and not manufacturers, and in all agricultural
communities the value ot labor is much lower than
inmanufacturingdistriets. Andyetagdin, the! .ench
lalioror can live upon far Jess than an English worker
so far as provisional' bodily wants isconcerned.
••Steam is better and cheapcr than horse-power
and law better than bull-dog courage, and this.we
know, is the sentiment entei tamed. abroad. Ihe
attention required for modern machiaery-and.it s
modern machinery which now enables continental
engineers to compete with us—is not a, mattci ot
^trencfh and courage, nor ot beef and mutton, but
of thought, dexteiity, and skill. And tn these respects
the Continental workman ts tn advance of our own,;and
his lodging and keep cost less than here. We are
not supposing our workmen to change places with
hfm, £« ara ® o weighing the scale of relo t.ve com-
fort. As a rule he is more frugal, temperate, docile,
and pliable."
And, sir, on this subject I may appropriately
mention that the observation of many intelli-
gent American manufacturers who have, dur-
ing the past summer, made an extended tour
of Great Britain and continental Europe, for
the purpose of investigating, in the light of
their practical experience, the industrial sys-
tems of those countries and the true condition
of their working*classes, corroborates this opin-
ion. These gentlemen all concurring in the
opinion that the fears now so generally enter-
tained in England of the danger to her indus-
try from the growing competition of Belgium,
France, and Germany, are neither exaggerated
nor unfounded. And in illustration abundant
facts have been cited to show that the labor of
these countries commands a price very much
less than that paid in England. Thus I learn
that at this moment rails and bars and beams
of iron are laid down in Liverpool, of Belgian
manufacture, at prices from five to ten per
cent, less than the cost of their production in
England, and that the wages paid the iron-
workers of Belgium are less by half than those
paid the iron-workers of England, everything
at the same time betokening such steady prog-
ress on the part of the Belgian manufacture as
threatens the eventual and possibly the early
overthrow of the manufacturing supremacy of
England, which is based upon her iron pro-
duction.
No wonder, then, that the English operatives,
discouraged and depressed at the new compe-
tition which has arisen, should cast around
them for relief. At home they have, under
their free-trade system, no resource, and ac-
cordingly they must look abroad. Therefore,
such notices as the following are frequently
found in the columns of the British journals:
" Depression of the English Iron Trade.—A great
meeting of iron-workers was held on the 17th of
December at West Bromwich. There wcro present
upward of five hundred iron-workers, representing
I nearly the entire trade of West Bromwich, TV ednes- i
bury, Tipton, Billsl-jn, Walsall, Smcthwick, and Old- |
1 bury. The question of the proposed reduction was i
I specially discussed; and after mature,deliberation
the meeting were of opinion that reducing iron and !
wages would not causoany material improvement to
the trade, and they entered their protest agamstsuch
a proceeding. Emigration was prcterred, and it was
thought probable that it would be adopted on a large
" It is said that a greatreduction of wages is about
to take place at the various iron works m South
Wales. In some places where works arc closed there
is great distress."
RETURN TO PROTECTION DEMANDED.
But, sir, not only are her manufacturers
thus embarrassed and her operatives distressed,
but her farmers are crying out despairingly for
relief. In an article in the London Parmer
(an influential agricultural journal) upon this
subject, I find the following significant words:
"Such language gives some indication of the pres-
ent condition of England as a great manufacturing
nation, and the risk werun—from the various causes
in operation, among which there is, perhaps, none so
formidable as the transfer of our skilled foremen and
artisans, as well as improved machinery, to.the con-
tinent—-of being eventually outstripped in many
branches of industry by foreign competitors. Indeed,
although no alarmists, we can hardly prevent the con-
viction that, with the above facilities and the lower rale
of wages and cheapcr rate of living on the continent, ice
shall at no distant day, not only be equaled m the Qual-
ity but surpassed in the cheapness of almost all cjasscs
of British goods. Taking these views into considera-
tion, and accepting-them as sound and well-founded,
the Question arises, Ilowarc we to maintain the pres-
ent high position of England as. a manufacturing
country, and prevent her from being outrun inutile
march of improvement?" " ' * oo
long as England can compete with^other countues,
and exccl in the ■production of the principal wares and
articles of commerce, her policy is certainly to adopt
such a system of open ports as will tend to iacihtato
and promote the trade and exportations ot the king-
dom. But as there are exceptions to many_cxcel-
lent rules and modes of procedure, so we think, at
the present era, when all our energies and genius are
required to maintain our prestige as a manufacturing
nation, such an exception may, and does actually
arise. If a svstcm of husbandry such as above re-
ferred to would increase, tho supply ot animal iood
at home, and not materially diminish our yield of
corn, and at the same time not only maintain, but,
in all likelihood, augment, the present amount ot
rural emplojTment, as well as effectually prevent a.
repetition of the infliction which we have just sus-
tained from cattle disease, undoubtedly a prohibitory
duty would be permissible, for it i* obvious the supply
of I'orei&u.com would increase in the ratio tbnit
!! eign stock would diminish. Moreover, ihe well be
for-
ma
ployed would be devoted to the cultivation of stock
on the one hand and the production of manufactures
on the other, the two staples for which this country
is best adapted, the great surplus of goods available
for exportation, which could, in all likelihood, be
produced at less expense than at present, would
thereby be rendered more remunerative and less
likely to suffer from foreign competition."
Here is an appeal from the farmers of free-
trade England for a prohibitory duty upon for-
eign cattle. Thus does it seem certain, sir,
that the boasted experiment of British free
trade is to terminate in failure.
HISTORICAL EXAMPLES OP THE EFFECT OF FRISK
TRADE.
Fifty years ago all nations that are now
regarded as "Powers" defended their domes-
tic labor market from foreign invasion as vigi-
lantly as they did their territories from hostile
armies. The principal countries which failed
to do so, seduced by free trade wiles, are Por-
tugal and Turkey. The former country, in
1703, then one of the leading commercial
nations of the globe, entered into a commer-
cial treaty with England, by which sbe bound
herself to admit British wares into her port3
at fifteen per cent, duty, for the favor of an
English tax on her wines one third less than
that imposed on the wines of Prance. The
latter, fearing no rivalry in her own markets,
or in the world's commerce, proclaimed abso-
solute free trade. With what result in both
cases I shall inform the House on the highest
free trade authorities. Mr. J. K. McCulloch
thus reports the effect on—-
PORTUGAL.
" Formerly Lisbon had about four hundred ships,
of from five to six hundred tons burden, employed
In the trarlewith South America, but at present there
are not above fifty ships engaged in foreign trade,
and of these the average burden does not exceed one
hundred and fifty tons. 'Iho produce of Portugal
sent to loreian countries is almost entirely conveyed
in foreign ships.1'
TURKEY.
And with regard to Turkey the same writer
says:
"The Turkish manufacturers of muslins, gins-
hams, handkerchiefs, &c., have suffered, severely
from the extraordinary importation ot British goods,
so much so, that of six hundred looms for muslins in
Scutari, in 1812, only forty remained m 1831; and of
two thousand weaving establishments m iournovo,
in 1S12, there were only two hundred m 1831.
The same authority continues;
"Though our (British) muslins and chintzes bo
inferior in fineness to those of the East, and our red
dye (a color in great esteem, in Turkey, 1 er&ia, &e,)
be inferior in brilliancy, these defects are more than
balanced by the greater cheapness of our goods; and
from Smyrna to Canton, from Madras to feamarcand,
we are everywhere supplanting the native fabrics.
And Mr. Cobden himself, the apostle of free
trade, about twelve years ago, summed up the
effects upon other countries of the policy he
was advocating, in these words : "Turkey and
Portugal have become a burden and a curse to
England." The decay of their manufactures
bad so impoverished and enfeebled them as to
leave them valueless as customers, aud con-
quered, not by British arms, but by British
free trade, she made them her dependencies,
and they are now upon her hands like the worn
out slaves of a southern plantation, " a bur-
den and a curse." Thus is the disease of the
"sick man" of the East accounted for—thus
can we understand the ruin of the fairest and
the finest of the lauds of western Europe.
These countries, sir, voluntarily bowed their
necks to the yoke ot British trade, and if they
are ruined and degraded, they have at least to
blame themselves; but there are other lands
unhappily placed within the power of England,
on which she has forced her free trade prin-
ciples at the cannon's mouth. Among her
wretched victims in this respect, the most con-
spicuous are India and Ireland.
ixma. '
"With regard to the former country, Mr.
Chan-man. the results of the British poncy m
India were described in a speech delivered
some ten or twelve years ago m the British
11 ofthe agricultural community at home would h'. im- MTommons bv a man whose name is
S| proved, and while the energies of employer and em- II iiouce ot Oommons uy
