1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1843
war; and they have made the pension a pri-
vate's pension. I think it is to go on from the
time of the- passage of this act. The second
marriage we considered as practically a nullity.
Whether the man is dead or alive is not known,
]>believe; and she has been left in that state
for some time with several children to provide
for. I suppose the children would now be
nearly of age; but she never received any pen-
sion for those children, to which she was en-
titled by law. The Senate can, if it chooses,
if the Senator from Iowa makes that motion,
strike out the pension from September 28,
1850, to December 28, 1857, so as to grant
her a pension merely from the passage of this
act. 1 think it no more than reasonable to do
that, at ltast; but my impression is that the
woman is entitled to the pension proposed in
the bill, and would probably have been entitled
to it at the Pension Office, but for the strict
rule that she must apply within a certain time.
I do not know that that applied to pensions
of the Mexican war. I do not know that there
was any law until the act of 1802 compelling
them to apply within three years. We have
petitions before our committee complaining of
the strictness of that rule, and we have a bill
before us on the subject. As a general rule
we give relief when the parties seem entitled
to it., if they had been hindered in preparing
their eases ; as, for instance, where they put
their pension matters in the hands of an agent,
and the agent went on and put them to some
expense, and then, perhaps, neglected his
duties ; and these widows, who have very little
knowledge of business and very little knowl-
edge of law, have got ousted of their pensions.
In most cases of that kind, where the proof is
that the widow had done all she could do to-
ward getting a pension, we have allowed the
arrears, if you please to call them so. We are
not in the habit, where it was through the fault
or negligence or inattention of the parties that
they failed to apply, of allowing arrears of pen-
sions; but only in cases where we believe the
parties were not in fault, and this is one of them.
Mr. GRIMES. But it does not appear from
the report of the committee that she ever made
any eifoit t.o get a pension before now. The
report of the committee has just been read ;
and it seems from that that she has slumbered
upon her rights, if she had any, for eighteen
years.
If she was entitled to a pension during this
whole time I suppose it amounts to between
two and three thousand dollars. I only call
attention to the fact that it is a departure from
the rule which has hitherto prevailed in the
Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As the Senator from
Iowa thinks it is wrong, and the Senator from
West Virginia, the chairman of the committee,
does m>t seem to dispute that it probably is
wrong, and neither of them will move an
amendment, I will. 1 propose that the bill be
amended so as to grant the pension "from
and after the passage of this act."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maine moves to amend the bill in
lines six, seven, and eight, by striking out the
words "from September28,1800, to December
28, 1857, and' so that the bill will read :
That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby au-
thorized and directed to place the name of Caroline
E. Thomas on the pension-roll, and allow and pay
her a pension at the rate of eight dollars per month
from and atter the passage ot this aet.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. In looking at the
papers I find one fact that had some influence
with the committee. This woman accompanied
her husband through the Mexican war and
acted as a nurse for the sick. There were
meritorious circumstances in the case which
induced the committee to depart a little from
the strict rules in order that she might have
some means of support.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If she gets a pension
as soon as she asks for it I think that is enough.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. It isaddressed to the
discretion of the Senate, as I have already ob-
served, as it was to the committee. The com- ,
mittee considered it and discussed it, and a
majority of them directed the bill to be re-
ported in its present shape.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I really think it is not
worth while to abandon precedents that have
been well established and found to be safe and
to work well, because if we begin the abandon-
ment there is no knowing where we shall end.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
HEIRS OP GENERAL DUNCAN L. CLINCH.
Mr. HOWE. I ask leave to submit a re-
port from a committee of conference at this
time.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on tho amendment of the
House to Senate bill No. 308, for tho relief of the
heirs of thelate General Duncan L. Clinch, deceased,
having met, after full and tree conference have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses as follows, to wit:
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to
the amendment of the House and agree to the same
with the following amendments, to wit: In the third
line from the bottom of the first page strike out,
after tho word "of," thowords "ten thousand dollars
in trust for the said Eliza B. Anderson." and insert
tho following, to wit: "$15,000 to Lars Anderson in
trust for the^exclusive use of said Eliza 13. Anderson
during her lifetime, and any part thereof remaining
at her death to be hold in trust for her children;"
and that the House agree to the same.
TIMOTHY O. HOWE,
WILLTAM P. FESSENDEN,
GAKIiETT DAVIS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
WILLIAM S. HOLM AN,
JOHN A. BINGHAM.
WILLIAM B. WASHBURN,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVAL.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. William G. Moore, his Secre-
tary, announced that tho President had this
day approved and signed the following bill and
joint resolutions:
A bill (S. No. 268) for the relief of the legal
representatives of thelate Philip R. Fendall;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 89) providing
for the representation of the United States at
the international maritime exhibition to be held
at Havre;
A joint resolution (S. 11. No. 92) for the re-
lief of Israel S. Diehl;
A joint resolution (S. 11. No. 102) instructing
the superintendent of the asylum lor theinsane
in the District of Columbia to admit James
Mcintosh on the same footing as indigent per-
sons of the District; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. Ill) providing
for the issue of' clothing to soldiers and others,
to replace clothing destroyed to prevent con-
tagion.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Represent
atives, by Mr. McPherkon, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had passed the follow-
ing bill and joint resolution of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 070) to facilitate the settle-
ment of paymasters'accounts; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 117) to author-
ize the erection of a military storehouse at
Fort Monroe, Virginia.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 213) to
amend an act entitled "An aet to amend the
judiciary act passed the 24th of September,
1789," with an amendment, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
insisted upon its amendment to the amendment
of the Senate to the joint resolution of the
House (H. R. No. 19) directing that certain
moneys now in the hands of the United States
Treasurer, as special agent of tho Treasury De-
partment, be covered by warrant into the Uni-
ted States Treasury, agreed to the conference
asked by the Senate on the disagreeing vote
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Cadwalader C. Washburn of Wisconsin,
Mr. G-. W. Scofield of Pennsylvania, and
Mr. D. Barnes of New York, managers at
the same on its part.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bill and joint resolution; and they
were thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 876) to facilitate the settle-
ment of paymasters' accounts; and
A joint resolution (S. Ii. No. 117) to au-
thorize the erection of a military storehouse
at Fort Monroe, Virginia.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am compelled to rise
to a personal explanation. I believe that in
all the time I have been in this body, a period
longer than the service of almost any of those
whom I see around me, I have never had cause
to complain of anything which has appeared
in regard to me in a newspaper. The expe-
rience I have had in complaints of that kind
has generally been on the other side of the
offense. But an article appeared in an even-
ing paper yesterday so remarkably vindictive,
and which has subjected me to such continual
annoyance and distress to-day, that I desire to
contradict it; and I hope the reporters will
take a note of it. Some uncommonly mali-
cious person has caused a paragraph to be
published in one of the papers that "Senator
Anthony is charged with distributing the tick-
ets of admission to the Senate galleries on the
impeachment trial." [Laughter.] Senators,
judging from their own experience of the
pressure that has been brought to bear upon
them, with four tickets apiece, may imagine
what has happened to me under the general
impression throughout the city that I have the
disposition of these tickets. [Laughter.]
My lodgings were besieged this morning
before I was up, and I made my way with con-
siderable difficulty through the most obscure
streets to the Capitol, and I found so many
people in my committee-room that I had to
consult the Sergeant at-Anns about putting an
extra police there. [Laughter.]
I desire to state that the paragraph is en-
tirely incorrect. I have no more tickets than
any other Senator. In fact, my colleague and
I have less than any other Senators except the
Senators from Oregon, Delaware, Nebraska,
and Nevada, being the only four States now
represented in this Chamber smaller than
Rhode Island. I believe that California and
Texas are now a little larger, or quite as large.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to know now
precisely from tho Senator if this is not a
dodge of his to avoid the proper responsibility.
[Laughter.] I hope it is not.
Mr. ANTHONY. No, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. If he has been thus charged
I hope he will stand up to the fair responsi-
bility of his position. [Laughter.]
Mr. ANTHONY. I have delegated all the
authority of that kind to the Senator from
California, to whom applications maybe made.
[Laughter.]
MARIA SCHWEITZER.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 422.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 422) granting a pension to Maria Sehweit-
zer and the minor children of Conrad Schweit-
zer, deceased, was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll the names of
Maria Schweitzer, the widow, and Carl B. and
Maria Schweitzer, children under sixteen years
of age of Conrad Schweitzer, lale a private tin
