344
APPENDIX. TO THE CONG-RESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June IS,-
Ho. of Ehps.
Internal Tax—Mr. Selye.
40th Cong....2d
knoton and honored wherever slavery' is detested
and liberty understood and loved—George
Thompson, of England—in which he used
these words:
"At tie close of the last century cotton abounded,,
and to so gre&t an extent was tho labor of men*
women, ana children applied to its conversion into
cloth that even with their imperfect machinery they
not only supplied the home demand for the beautiftii
tissues of Dacca and the coarser products of western
India, but they exported to other jparts of the world
no less than two hundred million pieces per annum.'
Bat in 1813 India was thrown open, and the
native industry was exposed to unlimited com-
petition. British free trade was let loose upon
that beautiful but fated land; men, women,
and children were driven from the workshops
tp the fields, and all demand for labor ceased,
except in raising rice, sugar, indigo, cotton,
$nd opium. Under the altered circumstances
herein the description given of the condition
of the country by the same authority :
"Some of the finest tracts of land havo been for-
saken and given up to the untamed beasts of the
jungle. The motives to industry have been destroyed.
Go with me to the northwestern provinces of the
Bengal presidency and I will show you the bleaching
skeletons of five hundred thousand human beings
who perished from hunger in the space of a few short
months. Yes, and of hunger in what has been called
the granary of the world. Famines have continued
to increase in frequency and extent under our sway
for more than half a century."
IRELAND.
And with regard to Ireland, sir, her story is
still sadder $ the lessons of her experience still
more emphatic. Endowed by the Creator with
advantages of soil and climate and geographi-
cal position unparalleled 5 producing a race
hardy, intelligent, laborious, and enthusiastic ;
with vast capacity for industrial development
and courm&r'cial prosperity, we yet see her to-
day prostrate ana writhing at the feet of Eng-
land, at once a rebel and a slave. Why is this?
For centuries it had been the steady policy of
England to discourage all manufactures in Ire-
land (except, indeed, that of linen ;) and with
the exception of the brief interval between 1782
and 18G0, (when she was governed by her own
Parliament, and during which her material
condition was improved and advanced with a
rapidity unexampled,) she was forcibly sub-
jected to the same treatment as that which was
afterward applied to India, and with what
effects let the sufferings of that beauteous land
to-day attest. I have not time to cite the mel-
ancholy statistics of the decay and exhaustion
of Ireland under the policy of her British task-
master, but shall briefly quote from a decla-
ration put forward by an important body of
.Roman Catholic clergymen recently convened
in the city of Limerick, in which the whole sad
story is condensed :
"The governing country, [this document states]
had grown passionately jealous of the activity .and
success oi the small minority whom she permitted to
aggrandize themselves. The export of cattle ww* not
nllotoed, leit it should lessen the value of JSwglish land.
Then ihe:exfpoH of wool was forbidden, units* under
greatr'estrictions, and only to &few places. The export
of cloth was then prohibited, and almost every kind of
import, too, unless the cargo was first discharged in
England. A king promising from his throne to 'dis-
v<mr&ge the woolen manufacture of Ireland, and essay
after essay showing how to utilize Ireland for Eng-
lish wealth. Without seeming to deem it worth a
thought whether Ireland decoyed to ruin or not, are
the singular phenomena of English rule and Irish
l"s2eC^°a ^i0m ^1C ro*gn c* Jail*es I till the year
" Thtis it eamotopass that those we call the native
population foupd no country before them in 1772.
when they were allowed some of the privileges of
Irishmen. A Parliament that, to retain the ersjoy-
luenfcof us prejudices, took every royal message as
law, sold their best interests for the pride of ascend-
ancy, and brought Ireland to the verge of bank-
ruptcy 'The year of free trade'(that is, liberty to
export) came with England's ^necessity'—always
alas! apparently Ireland's 'opportunity.' In the his-
tory of mankind such national progress in not recorded
as that it-Inch hi ighlens the annals of Ireland from 1782
to the year if tie Vnion, (when a highly protective
tariff was in force.) With the consciousness of power
there came an exhibition of independence which was
fatal. Ireland lout her Parliament. It can be no
harm to_sjy that England thought the advantage of
extinguish in; our Legislature a great one, for she
raid £1,-120,(i00 to the rallies in the country who
^ave her the key to iii.- h resources and the control
of Irish liberty. Thus, from the Tory beginning of
English rule, the Irish population may be said to
hare been impoverished by law."
If the theory of free trade were worth any-
thing, Ireland, rich in agricultural resources,
with an abundant population, adapted to its
culture, and in close proximity to the best
food market in the world, would necessarily
afford a conspicuous example of its advan-
tages, but we read in her ruin the undeniable
evidence of its fallacy.
tt'FECTS OF PROTECTION—GERMANY.
In contrast to this, let me for a moment ask
the attention of the House to the condition of
Germany, a country whose industrial history
affords at. once such a parallel and a contrast
to our own as makes its intelligent study the
more important.
GERMANY BEFORE THE Z0LLV13REIN.
I have said that in Napoleon's celebrated
decree was laid the foundation of the German
as well as the French manufacturing systems,
and all enlightened statists furnish the evidence
that with that blockade commenced the upward
impulse of German manufactures of every kind.
But at the return of peace in 1815, the manu-
facturers of England, at that time greatly
strengthened by their long monopoly of the
markets of the world, renewed their formidable
competition with those of Germany, inundated
the country with their goods at prices which
the native manufacturers under the free-trade
system, at that lime introduced and advocated
even as it is now with us, were unable to meet,
and universal distress prevailed. It was in
reference to this policy that Henry Brougham
(a name once honored but now justly despised
in this country) declared that "England could
afford to incur some loss in the export of'Eng-
lish goods for the purpose of destroying for-
eign manufactures in their cradle''—a princi-
ple ten years afterward reiterated by another
British liberal statesman, Joseph Hume, who
desired " that the manufactures of the Conti-
nent should be strangled in the cradle." In
three years after the battle of Waterloo, so
sudden and so universal was the depression
which prevailed that notwithstanding the theo-
ries of the economists deeply imbued with the
teachings of Adam Smith, and (like our free
traders Perry and Walker, and the Evening
Post and Chicago Tribune, &c.) slow to aban-
don them, a demand for protection to domestic
industry was made which could not be resisted,
and the Zollverein orPrussiau Custom League
was established. Since that time nearly all
Germany, except the Austrian territories, has
joined tho league. For five and thirty years
this league, embracing a population larger
than that of our own country, has had a con-
stitution for all the purposes of foreign com-
merce parallel to that of the American Union,
and industrially and commercially formed the
United States of Germany. With what result
is shown by tho present proud position of
Prussia and the North German Confederation.
Before the establishment of the Zollverein,
Germany had been held to be greatly overpop-
ulated; it was divided and disturbed, its inter-
nal commerce embarrassed, its people and
Government very poor—selling their raw pro-
ducts and cheap labor to the outside world.
Its condition was thus pithily described by
Chevalier Busen: "The national sin for the
last two centuries had been poverty—the con-
dition of all classes with few exceptions."
GERMANY SINCE THE ZOLLVEKEIN.
And now, sir, what is the condition of Ger-
many? She has gone on steadily in the work
of her industrial development until she has
proudly placed herself at the head of the
nations of Europe, and elevated her people to
a condition the first on that continent in point
of intellectual development, and now advanc-
ing in their physical and moral condition with
a rapidity exceeding that of any other poition
of the Eastern Hemisphere, That condition
has been well described by one of our greatrtk
writers:
"An empire has been constructed etn'miciri;- a pop-
ulation little Short of forty millions, anions whom
education is universal; with a system of cotnmuni-
cations not excelled by that of any other country,
with tho exception of those provided for the very
dense populations and limited territories of England
and of Belgium; with an internal commerce as per-
fectly organized as any in the world, and growing
from day to day with extraordinary rapidity; with
a market on the land for nearly all its products, and,
as a necessary consequcnce, with an agricultural pop-
ulation that grows daily in both intelligence ana
power: with a mercantile marine tnatnow numbers
more than ten thousand vessels ; with a public treas-
ury so well provided that not only has the late war
left no debt behind, but that it has been at once
enabled to make large additions to the provision ior
public education; and with private treasunesso well
supplied as to enable her people not only with their
own means to build theirown furnaces andiaotories,
a,nd construct tlieir own roads, but also to furnish
hundreds of millions to the improvident people of
America, to be by them applied to the making oi
roads in a country tho abundance of whose natural
resources should long sinee hare placed it its the
position of money-lender rather than that now occu-
pied of general money borrower."
And growing out of this industrial prosperity
has arisen the political power of Prussia—a
power that has humbled Austria, with her vast
wealth of natural resources, but yet emascu-
lated and bankrupt from her free trade policy;
a power that has, by the exhibition of its moral
and military force, has effectually wiped out
the disgrace of Jena, and frustrated the designs
of the successor of Napoleon, as though con-
flict of arms had actually passed between her
soldiers and the soldiers of France.
To what foreign and domestic policy, sir, is
this growth within the lifetime of a man, of a
people from weakness, poverty, and political
bondage, to such overtowering strength, to be
atttributed ? It is to be attributed, sir, to its
steady development ov the productive power
of the people.
TARIFF OF THE ZOLLVEREIS.
The tariff of customs duties under which
this wondrous progress has been attained is
distinguished by three grand principles :
1. it has the stability of treaty stipulations.
Diets or Congresses cannot alter its provisions
once or twice a year.
2. Its duties are all specific. The Zollver-
ein tariff has not a single ad valorem duty in it.
3. It is strictly for protection, and ignores
all notion of taxation for revenue.
Mr. Chairman, let not the glorious example
of Germany be forgotten. We have reached
a point in our history just parallel to that of
the German States after the close of the Na-
poleon wars. Our industry, temporarily stim-
ulated into activity by the abnormal circum-
stances of the war, is now exposed to the as-
saults of the manufacturers of Europe, and it
is ours now to decide whether we shall follow
the example of Turkey or of Prussia.
I shall give one further example, sir, of the
beneficent effect of protection, derived from
the history of another of the natious of
Europe—I mean the small but prosperous
kingdom of Belgium. That little country,
with a territory of eleven thousand three hun-
dred and thirteen square miles, (less than one-
fourth the area of the single State of New
York,) lias a population of four millions nine
hundred thousand, being three times as dense
as that of Massachusetts. In 1S40 she raised
a million tons of iion ore and ten million tons
of coal, nearly equal to two thirds the coal
product of the United States the same year.
! In 18-15 Belgium produced oue hundred and
thirty-four thousand five hundred and thirty-
six tons of pig iron, and in 18ii4 four hundred
and forty-nine thousand eight hundred and
seventy five tons, increasing to more than to
threefold within twenty years.
But the increase in the aggregate product of
her blast furnaces, iron foundries, iron works,
j; and machine shops was three hundred per cent. ;
ij the product of her machine shops alone rising
!j from fifty-six thousand six: hundred and ten
!l tons iu 1845 to three hundred and twenty
