2868
THS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June £>,
that I shall vote against the admission of Ala-
bama. I think there is danger either way. To
admit these men is certainly dangerous. We
know, sir, that the Democratic party now is
hoping for success from the cooperation of the
southern leaders. We know not how soon
every measure for which we have contended
by the joint action of the Democratic
party of the North and their southern allies,
be overturned. We do- not know how soon
attempts may be made even to reestablish sla-
very under the State-rights doctrine that the
States have the right to determine for them-
selves their own institutions. We know not
how soon the southern rebels, with their north-
em assistants, may attempt to repudiate the
national debt, unless coupled with it be the pay-
ment of the rebel debt also.
But, sir, I say there are evils either way.
I presume, however, that I shall cast my vote
in favor of the admission of these States.
There is an objection, and it is the objection
pointed out by the honorable Senator from
Michigan, why this State should not be inserted
in the bill before the Senate. It is that the
President, upon the technical objection which
he may find in this bill, the fact that a majority
of the registered voters has not been east in
favor of the constitution of Alabama, may veto
the whole bill; and it is not certain that some
Senators may not conscientiously vote to sus-
tain the veto, upon the ground that Alabama
has not conformed to the requirement of the
law_ providing for reconstruction. Therefore
lei it be a separate question. There is only
one way in which we can honorably admit the
State upon the present vote, and that is to
show that there lias been a fraud, to show that
the election was not a fair one, so that the will
of the people of the State has not been con-
sulted. Sir, if, notwithstanding the military
power and the Freedmen's Bureau, to which
allusion has been made, the rebels can now
defeat an election by force, by fraud, how will
it be when the military restraint is removed?
If we could not overcome this force and effort
in this election, how can we expect to over-
come it in an election hereafter when these
restraints are removed ?
I simply rose, sir, more to refer to the posi-
tion assumed by the Senator from Michigan
than anything else, and to indorse that, and
to ask the Senate not to hazard the passage of
the bill for the admission of the other States
by connecting with it the admission of the
State of Alabama.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, it is not
upon any party ground or party considerations
that 1 am opposed to the present bill; for, sir,
were the bill to pass and become a law, and
the people of the southern States—I refer to
the intelligent, white people of the southern
States—sljpuld find themselves placed in a
position where it would be necessary for them
to exercise their intellectual and moral power,
not only among their own race, but among the
colored people of the South, I have no doubt
what the result would be in the large majority
of the southern States. That the intellect and
moral power of the South will rule all races
there when you come to the struggle is just as
certain as the revolutions of the earth, as that
water will find its level. The moral power
and intellectual power which the white people
possess in the South, my honorable friend
from Massachusetts-will find, will control the
half-civilizod negro element whenever they
desire to do it. And there is a very noted
case arising in the last election in the State of
Georgia in the most numerous negro district
in that State, where the majority of the negroes
was about seven thousand. The white men
of that district thought they would go into the
canvass, and they did so and elected their can-
didate by twelve hundred majority. No, Mr.
President, it is not upon any such miserable
ground as a party consideration that I have
ever opposed this policy of reconstruction in
the southern States. The ground on which I
h,ave stood has been this, that the Constitution
of the United States is openly, palpably vio-
lated when Congress undertakes to say who shall
vote in the States of the South, and to change
the constitutions of those States at pleasure.
_ The constitutions of those States have pro-
vided, from time immemorial, who shall be their
voters ; and when Congress assumes to change
those constitutions, Congress assumes to vio-
late the Constitution of the United States;
Congress assumes to trample down under its
feet the right of a State to judge for itself who
shall be its qualified electors; and when Con-
gress does that, it strikes a blow at the very
existence of the States, which are the pillars
upon which the Union rests. That, sir, is one
of the main grounds.
_ Another is that when Congress assumes to
disfranchise a large portion of the white people
of the South who have never been convicted
of any offense whatever; when it assumes to
disfranchise a large, portion of the citizens
of the South who, on laying down the arms of
rebellion, received pardou and amnesty from
President Lincoln and President Johnson, pur-
suant to the Constitution and laws of the United
States, Congress violates the sacred plighted
faith which this nation has given to those citi-
zens, and which it cannot take away without
dishonor.
I say that when Congress undertakes to take
away rights from the citizens of the South, after
they have ceased their rebellion and have taken
an oath to renew their allegiance to the Con-
stitution of the United States, and have received
pardon from the President of the United States,
who has the power to grant it, Congress vio-
lates the plighted faith of this natiou ; and no
congressional reconstruction based on that vio-
lation can stand the test of examination before
the American people.
Sir, I say it is not on party grounds at all
that I have stood up to resist your measures
of reconstruction and their fruits. So far as
party grounds are concerned, to which my hon-
orable friend from Illinois [Mr. Yates] referred
in fhe course of his remarks, let me say that
my honorable friend from Oregon is not alone,
nor is my honorable friend from Ohio, nor
other Senators in finding that the States which
they represent will not respond to this doctrine
that Congress has the power to trample under
its feet the right of a State to fix for itself the
qualifications of its voters, nor will they respond
to the doctrine which disfranchises white men
by its legislation and forces the control of the
States of the South into the hands of the half-
civilized negroes. That is the difficulty in the
case. That is the difficulty in relation to the
elections which you see in Michigan, Ohio, and
Oregon, and they are only just the sprinkling
before the great shower that is coming.
I say to Senators on this floor, they cannot
trample down the Constitution of the United
States, they cannot wrench the government
of the States from the hands of civilized men
to put it in the hands of half-civilized negroes,
and expect the people of this country to sus-
tain them. They will not sustain such con-
duct. The mark of condemnation is written
all over it. The party that identifies itself with
it will be trampled in pieces as soon as the
election shall come.
Mr. President, it is not that I suppose that
ignorance, want of education, and this race
which has just had its shackles knocked from
its limbs in the South, can control those States
even if you force suffrage into their hands.
Not at all. The white men there, by their
moral and intellectual power,will control those
States, and that very soon. But it is because
of the outrage in trampling down the con-
stitution, violating the rights of those people,
violating the rights of those States, violating
the sacred pledge given by the President when
he gave pardon to these men, that I oppose it:
that is the reason why the people oppose it;
that is the reason why the people will pro-
nounce their judgment in tones of condem-
nation that will be heard not only in Oregon
and Nevada and Michigan and Ohio and New
York, but all over this land North and South
in tones that men will understand.
Now; Mr. President, in relation to this ques-
tion of Alabama. Alabama has no, voice on
this floor. There is nobody to speak for her.
She has been dumb here, and all sorts of rep-
resentations are made by men that do not know
much about it. I hold in my hand, Mr. Pres-
ident, a petition signed by a thousand of the
intelligent citizens of Alabama.
Mr. CONNESS. Rebels.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE, Some of them were in
the rebellion, but they are not rebels now.
Mr. CONNESS. Ahl
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Let me say that the
men who are rebels now are the men who are
against the Constitution, who are trampling it
under their feet; and I do not eare whether
they eome from California or from Alabama;
he is a rebel who is opposed to the Constitution
and would trample it under his feet. When
tke men of the South, though they had been
engaged in rebellion, laid down the arms of
their rebellion and took an oath and renewed
their allegiance to the Government of the
United States, they ceased to be rebels, and
you have 110 right to term them and denom-
inate them rebels now, so long as they have
laid down the arms of rebelliou and have taken
the oath of allegiance to the Government of
the United States until they manifest hy their
acts, by their votes, or by their conduct that
they are opposed to the Constitution of the
United States. Then they are rebels if they
manifest that. The petition which I hold is
signed by men who were engaged in the rebel-
lion and by men who were -opposed to the
rebellion, both. Now, Mr. President, because
they have no one to represent them, because
they are not here with their representatives,
I ask the indulgence of the Senate while I
read a few extracts from the petition which
they send here, which bear directly on this
question:
To tke honorable the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of tke (Jutted States in Congress assembled :
The white people of Alabama send this their
humble petition:
We beseech your honorable bodie3 to withdraw
yourselves irom the influence of the passions and
contests of the hour and contemplate for a brief
peiiod our miserable condition and the yet more
wretched state which is already prepared for us.
Surely it is only such influences that have prevented
you from bestowing on us a single ray of beneficent
regard.
According to the last census taken by the Federal
Government, the white people of Alabama outnum-
ber the negro or colored population mo re than
eighty-eight thousand persons. And we think we
arrogate nothing winch your honorable bodies will
not concedeto us, when we say that nearly all of the
education, intelligence, and civilization of the State
is to be found in our race. But poverty prevails
throughout the land. We are beset by secret oath-
bound political societies. Our character and conduct
are systematically misrepresented -.Hid maligned to
you, and in the newspapers of the North ; the intel-
ligent and impartial administration of just laws is
obstructed ; property has become almost valueless;
industry and enterprise aro paralyzed by the fears of
the white men and the expectations of the black,
that Alabama will soon be delivered over to the rule
of the latter; and many of our best citizens are for
these reasons leaving the homes they love for other
and strange lands.
Before the late unhappy war, the white people of
the South contributed their whole just proportion
of the great and good men whose acts rind characters
constituted the chief renown of the Republic. Those
of us who endeavored to withdraw the South trom
her partnership therein, did not do so in order to
make war on the northern States or their institu-
tions, but for the purpose (.vain hope!) of establish-
ing peacefully another not UDtriendly independent
confederacy, in which under almost identical consti-
tutions we might be more tree from discord. And,
however criminal in your opinion, wo may in this
have been, yet neither our sins nor our sufferings
have reduced us to uncivilized barbarians.
On the other hand, it is well known by all who have
knowledge on the subject, that while the negroes of
the South may be more intelligent and ot better
morals than those of the same race in anyother part
of the world where they exist in equal density, yet
they are in the main ignorant, generally wholly
unacquainted with the principles of free government,
improvident, disinclined to work, credulous yet sus-
picious, dishonest, untruthful, incapable of self-
restraint. and easily impelled by want or excited by
false and specious counsels, into folly and crime.
Exceptions, of course, there are; chiefly among those
who have been reared as servants in our domestic
circles and in Our cities. But the general character
of our colored population issnchaswehavedescribcd.
Whose fault it is that they are so—whether ours,
under whose control they have certainly beeomebet-
ter than their brethren in- their native Africa, or the
