1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3893
The bill was ordered to be read a third time ;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EDWARD HAMEL.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
reported back a bill (S. No. 381) granting a
pension to Edward Hamel, minor child of
Edward Ilamel, deceased, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
The bill authorizes and directs the Seeretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll the
name of the applicant, only surviving child of
Edward Hamel, late private in company E,
eighth regiment Kansas volunteers, who died in
the service of the United States and in the
line of duty, and to pay to him or his legally-
appointed guardian or guardians a pension of
eight dollars per month from the 11th day of
October, 18G1, the date of the death of his
father, until he has attained his sixteenth year.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which l he bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARY A. DAVIS.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the bill (Ii. R. No. 596)
granting a pension to Mary A. Davis, widow
of William P. Davis, a private in the eight-
eenth regiment of Indiana volunteers in the
war of 1861 ; and the same was laid on the
table.
pay 01' a clerk of a committee.
Mr. MILLER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions to report back the
following resolution ; on which I demand the
previous question:
lietohed. That the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives be, and he is hereby, authorized and
dii oeted to pay to the clerk of the Committee on In-
valid -Pennons, a sum of money which shall make his
compensation equal to that of the cleik of tho Com-
mittee of Claims, to eommenco July 1,1868.
Mr. MAYNARD. I must object to that.
Mr. MILLER, This is forthe present Con-
gress. The reason why we only say from July
1 is his account is settled up to that time, and
we could not go back.
Mr. MAYNAUD. The understanding was
we should act on pension bills only.
The SPEAKER. The Journal reads "to
receive reports from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions."
Mr. MAYNARD. Whatever the Journal
may say the understanding was manifestly that
only pension bills were to be acted upon.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Miller] is the author of the
resolution, and probably remembers its lan-
guage better than the Chair does.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am not making a point
of order, but I am appealing to the gentlemen
of the committee not to bring this subject up
which does not relate to the passage of pen-
sion bills. We had this matter up before, and
it underwent some discussion. If it is to be
pressed I should feel it incumbent upon me to
oppose the resolution in the shape in which it
now is.
Mr. MILLER. I will merely state that this
clerk's compensation is entirely inadequate
We have had before us some seven hundred
cases. This resolution will give him $1,500 a
year, just what the clerk of the Committee of
Claims and the clerk of the Committee of
Private Land Claims receive. When this case
was up before the objection of the gentleman
was that he did not want any more perpetual
offices. We do not require this office to be per-
petual; but upon consulting the Clerk of the
House (Mr. McPherson) wc find that we can-
not go back beyond the time named, because
the accounts up to that time are settled. We
only propose to pay him a proper compensa-
tion for the duties he has performed. The
committee of which the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Maynard] is a member has a
clerk who will receive for the remainder of
this session the same compensation wc pro-
pose for our clerk ; and surely he has no more
work to do than our clerk has.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have notified the gen-
tleman that I shall feel it incumbent upon me
to resist this proposition. I trust be will not
press it at this time, for we want this evening
session for the benefit of the widows and chil-
dren of soldiers who are the proper objects
of our legislation.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I suggest to my colleague
on the committee [Mr. Miller] to withdraw
the resolution for the present.
Mr. MILLER. Very well ; I will withdraw
it for the present; but I will offer it at another
time.
iiannah hindman.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported adversely upon the
petition of Hannah Hindman, for a pension;
and the same was laid on the table.
general wart) ii. burnett.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the same committee,
reported adversely upon House bill No. 018,
for the relief of General Ward H. Burnett;
and the same was laid on the table.
WILLIAM Ii. EDWARDS.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the same committee,
reported a bill (II. R. No. 139'J) granting an
increased pension to William B. Edwards;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of William B.
Edwards, who was granted a pension of eight
dollars a month by an act approved April 20,
1854, and to pay him a pension at the rate of
fifteen dollars per month in lieu of the pen-
sion he is now receiving, the increase to com-
mence June G, 1860.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
jonathan h. perry.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the same commit-
tee, also reported a bill (H. R. No. 1400)
granting a pension to Jonathan H. Perry;
which was read a first atid second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Sec-
retary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, at the rate of eight dol-
lars a month, the name of Jonathan H. Perry,
father of Anthony H. Perry, late of company
I, third regiment New J ersey volunteer infantry,
commencing August 15, 1805.
The bill was ordei'ed to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
william i. corn'.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the same committee,
also reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, House bill No. 1295, granting
a pension to William I. Cotty, late of the
twenty-first Missouri infantry volunteers.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to j)lace on tho pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, at the rate of eight dollars
per month, the name of William I. Cotty, late
a member of the twenty-first Missouri infantry
volunteers, commencing June 30, 1802.
Tho bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
maria raftery.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the same committee,
also reported back, with a recommendation
that the same do pass, Senate bill, No. 292,
granting a pension to Maria Raftery.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Maria Raf-
tery, widow of Patrick Raftery, late a corporal
in company II, thirty-third regiment Massachu-
setts volunteers, on the pension-roll, at the late
of eight dollars per month during her widow-
hood, commencing June2,18G3,andtwo dollars
per month for each child of Patrick Raftery,
under the age of sixteen years, commencing
June 25, IStiO, and to continue until they shall
respectively attain the age of sixteen years.
Tho bill was then read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
anna m. howard.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.reported back withoutamend-
ment a bill (S. No. 498) granting a pension to
Anna M. Howard.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws, the
nameof AnnaM. Howard,mother of Geogre W.
Howard, late a private in company C, eleventh
regiment New Jersey volunteers, and allow and
pay her a pension at the rate of eight dollars
per month, from February 12,1864, to continue
during her widowhood.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
frances t. kiciiardson.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported back, without amend-
ment, a bill (H. R. No. 1337) granting an in-
crease of pension to Prances X. Richardson,
widow of the late Major General Israel B.
Richardson.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension roll the name of Pran-
ces T. Richardson, widow of the late Major
General Israel B. Richardson, for persion at
the rate of fifty dollars per month from No-
vember 3, 1802, when General Richardson
died from wounds received in the battle of
Antietam, the pension to be continued during
her widowhood, and if that should terminate,
then to be paid to Israel Philip Richardson,
sole surviving child of General Richardson,
until he shall become sixteen years old. The
second section provides for the discontinuance
of the pension heretofore allowed to Frances
T. Richardson under general law ; and the sum
so received by her is to be deducted from the
pension granted by this bill, which pension is
to be subject to the provisions of the general
pension law.
The bill was ordei'ed to be engrossed and
