1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
845
40th Cong....2d8eSS.
Internal Tax—Mr. Selye.
Ho. of Reps.
thousand six hundred and forty-two tons in
1864, or to nearly sixfold. At the time of
this immense growth of the iron industry, it is
to be observed that the prices were reduced in
these twenty years full twenty-five, per cent._
Nor, sir, was it in the production of iron
alone that the Belgians progressed at this mar-
velous rate. There success in the manufac-
ture of silk, glass, linen, and woolens has
given them a reputation in all the world's
markets. To carpets and laces their name is
given as distinctive of the finest.
Belgium secures a home market for her raw
materials by defending and maintaining her
manufactures carefully and adequately. She
finds a home market for her own breadstuffs
and provisions by employing all her hands
busily in every form of converting industry.
She fosters her skilled industry by barring out
from her home market all competition with
its products. Her lands are cultivated like
garden grounds. Her factories are alive with
industry, and are carrying away the iron trade
of northern and eastern Europe from England.
Her foreign commerce grew, after it was liber-
ated from the rule of Holland and Spain in
1830, so rapidly that it stood in 18G0 at double
its due proportion to that of the United States.
How, Mr. Chairman, was this wondrous
progress in material prosperity accomplished?
How came it, sir, that this little kingdom has
risen within a quarter of a century to a rank
in manufacturing which is driving England to
despair ? I shall tell the House, sir, it was by
means of the tariff of import duties imposed
upon foreign manufactures.
The tariff contained such provisions^ as the
following: Baw wool, (not produced in Bel-
gium,) free. Woolen manufactures, twelve,
twenty-one, twenty-six, and thirty-two cents per
pound, varying according to quality and quan-
tity of labor employed. Silk cocoons, (not
produced in Belgium,) one tenth of one per
cent. Silk manufactures, blcached, died, or
printed, eighty-seven and one half cents per
pound. Hides and skins, raw, (not produced
in Belgium,) two cents per ton; tanned and
dressed, three cents per pound, or $67 20per
ton. Sugar, raw, (not produced in Belgium,)
two cents per ton-, refined, $185 68 per ton.
Baw cotton, (not produced in Belgium,) two
cents per ton', manufactured, seven, nine, and
fifteen cents per pound. Flax, undressed, (not
produced in Belgium,) nine and three fourth
cents per ton ; pickled, $20 72 per ton.
These rates, Mr. Chairman, fairly represent
the policy and provisions of the Belgium tariff;
it aims at and effects a decided and avowed
protection to the labor of the people. 1 he
consequence is seen in the growth and pros-
perity of her population. In ten years (1840
to 1850) her population increased sixteen per
cent., while that of Great Britain increased but
eight per cent., and now her industry is so
established and so diversified that she is almost
ready for "free trade." The effect of her
system having been so to diminish the cost of
all her products as to enable her to outrival
the great monopolist ol the earth, (jhlat
Britain. . ,
If, sir, we would "subdue England without
fighting her," and secure the permanent pros-
perity of our own industry, we will heed the
lesson taught us by little Belgium.
THE UNITED STATES.
But I must refer to the experience of our
own land—and, sir, I make this general state-
ment, that our industrial history establishes
this fact, that in times when the policy ofpro-
tection prevailed, general prosperity existed
among all classes of the people and m all sec-
tions of the country, while in times when the
free trade policy prevailed, as uniformly, unx-
versal industrial depression prevailed, and
commercial disaster was the invariable result.
In support, sir, of this statement, so import-
ant to this argument, 1 shall place on repord
the testimony of that ^reat political economist.
Henry C. Carey, -who, in a published letter,
has given a condensed synopsis of the history
of oar tariff legislation and its consequences
for the last fifty years. I shall not apologize
for the length of this extract, for the historical
facts it states are so pertinent to this discus-
sion that you will perceive at once the value
of the testimony:
" Fifty years since, the second war with Great Brit-
ain came to a close, leaving our people troll provided
with mills and furnaces, all of which were actively
engaged in making demand for labor and for raw
materials ofeverykind. Money was thefi abundant,
and the public debt was trivial in amount.
"Two years later, we entered upon the British free
trade system, and at once all was changed. Mills
and furnaces were closed; labor ceased to be in de-
mand; and our poor-houses were everywhere filled.
Money becoming scarce and interest hijjh, land
declined to a third of its previous price, Banks
stopped payment. The sheriff everywhere found
full demand for all his time, and mortgagees entered
everywhere into possession. The rich wcro made
richer, but the farmer and mechanic, and all bat the
very rich were ruined. Trivial as were then the
expenses of the Government, the Treasury could not
meet them. Sucb wasthestate of things that induced
General Jackson to ask the question, 4 Where has
the American farmer a market for his surplus pro-
duce?'
k' To the state of things here described were we, in
1828, indebted for the first thoroughly national tariff.
Almost from the moment of its passage, activity and
life took the place of the palsy that previously existed.
Furnaces and mills wcro built; labor came into
demand; immigration increased, and solargcbecamc
the demand for products of the farm that our markets
scarely felt the effect of changes in that of England ;
thepublicrevenuesso rapidly increased thatit became
necessary to exempt from duty tea, coffee, and many
other articles; and the public debt was finally extin-
guished.
44 The history of the world to that hour presents no
case of prosperity so universal as that which here
existed at the date of the repeal of the srreat national
tariff of 1828. Had it been maintained m existence,
we should have had no sece^ion war, and at this
hour the South would exhibit a state of socicty in
Which the land owners had become rich while their
slavesbad been gradually becoming free, with protit
to themselves, to their owners, and to the nation at
large. It was, however, repealed in 1833, and the
repeal was followed by a succession of British fice-
trade crises, the whole ending, m 18-1-, in a state of
things directly the reverse of that above described.
Mills and furnaces were closed; mechanics wercstarv-
ing' money was scorce and dear; land had iaiien to
half its previous price; the sheriff was everywhereat
work; banks were in a state of suspension; btates
repudiated payment of their debts; the i reasury was
unable to borrow a dollar, exccpt at a high rate of
interest; and bankruptcy among merchants and
traders was so universal that Congress found itself
compelled to pass a bankrupt law.
"Again, and for the third time, protection was
restored by the passage of the tariff act of 1842.
Undent, in less than five years, the production oi iron
rose from two hundred and twenty thousand tons to
eight hundred thousand tons; and so universal was
the prosperity that large as was the increase, it was
wholly insufficient to meet the great demand. Mines
were everywhere being sunk. Labor was in great
demand and wages were high, as a conscqucncc of
which immigration speedily trebled m its amount.
Money was abundant aud cheap, ana the sherin
found'but little to do. Public and private revenues
wcio £Tcrit beyond all previous precedents, and
throughout the land there reigned n prosperity more
universal than had in the whole history of the world
ever before been known.
"Once more, in 18-16, however, did the Serpent—
Droncrly represented on this occasion by xJiitiou ^.roe-
traders— make his way into Paradise; and now, a
dozen years elapsed, in the course of which, notwith-
standing the discovery of California mines, money
commanded a rate of interest higher, as I believe,
than had ever been known in the country tor to long
a period of time. Britishiron and cloth came in and
tro^ went out, and with each successive day the de-
pendence ot our farmers on foreign markets became
more complete. With 1857 came the culmmution ot
the pvstein, merchants and manufacturers being
ruined ; banks being compelled to suspend payment,
and the Treasury being reduced to a condition oi
bankruptcy nearly approaching that which had ex-
isted at theclosc of the free-trade periods commenc-
ing in 1817 andl8:j-l. In the three years that followed,
iaboi was everywhere in cxccj--?: wascea were low;
immigration fell below the point at wlueh i t had stood
twenty years before; the home market for food dimin-
ished, and the foreign one proved so utterly worthless
thai the whole oxport to all the manufactunngnations
of Europe, as I have already stated, amounted to but
little more than $10,000,000,
Thus do we see, that while for long centuries
all western Europe, (except Portugal and Ire-
land,) has maintained constant, persistent, and
adequate protection, secured, it, may be well
to remark, in most cases by specific duties, our
manufacturing system has not had any such
constant or adequate protection lor more than
four years at a time, and that only twice in all
our history before the rebellion.
If I have failed, sir, to prove the necessity
and wisdom of governmental aid to Rt.imnlate
the industry of a country into active life, theft
history has been written in vain and the expe-
rience of the past is valueless.
B3SVISION OFTIII3 TARIFF ESSENTIAL FOE THS^TATIOKAL
CREDIT.
At any time, sir, this would' be a- question
of interest to the nation ; but at this crisis it
becomes of vital moment. How may we avert
this fatal paralysis that is creeping over onr
industry? How quicken the energies of our
producing population and make profitable the
labor that now slumbers unemployed in the
arms of our artisans V How revive the com-
merce of the country and restore hope to our
laborers and confidence to our capitalists ? On
the answer to these questions depends how we
shall be able to discharge our national obliga-
tions and maintain the financial honor of our
country before the world.
NECESSITY OF DEVELOPING OCK RKSODBCE3.
I say, sir, it is to be done by turning to pro-
fitable account the mighty and the varied^ re-
sources which God has given to us. With iron
ore of every quality and description, and coal
and wood in limitless abundance, from Lake
Superior to Chattanooga—why should we im-
port a single bar or rail or pig of iron ? With
pastures adequate to feed unnumbered flocks,
why should we look to foreign countries for a
single fleece of wool, except it may be of some
rare and special qualities peculiar to some
other soil'? With a steam and water power of
incalculable capacity at our command, and
with skill and energy and capital abundant,
why should a yard of cloth be worn not woven
in America ? With the richest cotton land in
all the earth, and a patent conferred by heaven
itself upon some descriptions of our fiber, which
no human skill or ingenuity can defeat, why
should we suffer our market to be supplied, to
the value of a single dollar, by the labrics of
European looms ? With an area of arable land
that practically knows no bounds, rich and
fertile, and possessing every variety of climate,
capable of producing food from the coarsest
and most necessary vegetable and cereal, to the
highest and rarest fruits, why should we not
sustain a population of live times our present
numbers, and thus at once give relief to the
suffering toilers of western liurope and coin
into national wealth the boundless and unde-
veloped agricultural resources of our land?
With such deposits of the precious metals as
God has placed in no other country, why should
we not have such accumulated treasure here
of gold and silver as would make us the dis-
pensers of bullion to the world?
RECKT/KSS I.\U ortations.
The answer, sir, is at hand. It is because
we have been running the spendthrift's course,
and with a reckless, I might say a wicked, prod-
igality, expending more than we have been
earning, and madly incurring a debt to foreign
creditois for the supply of articles, some of
which were useless luxuries, and others might
have been far better furnished by the labor of
our own workmen.
.1 learn, sir, from the official report to the
Secretary of the Treasury on the commerce
and navigation of the United States for the
fiscal year of 1800, that we imported, in the
following amounts, the descriptions of goods
enumerated, estimated in their gold value at
the port of exportation :
Cotton and manufactures of cotton 
Iron and manufactures, of iron  Jj-'jjjJ'JJJ;
Wool and manufactures of wool 
Silk and roannfacturcs of silk  '
„ 1M,749,391
Making a total of.   
To this should bo added, according; tothe
estimate of the Secretary of the ircaa-
ury, for undervaluation, a* least twenty
per cent., being   
28,951,873
S17S,701,2<)9
