2870
THE CQ'KGEESSIOML G-LO
June' 5,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, sir ; he was not a
rebel; he was a Union man, but he was ap-
pointed by Mr. Johnson.
Mr. CONNESS.' Not a rebel?
Mr. SUMNER. He was in the rebel service
during the war.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator is entirely
mistaken.
Mr. SUMNER. I am sure of it; I have the
documents.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think the Senator will
find himself entirely mistaken when he exam-
ines. At all events gentlemen have said to me,
and all who have ever spoken in relation to
Mr. Perry have said that he was a Union man.
Mr. SUMNER. It is a great mistake.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have always under-
stood him to be like Governor Parsons, of
Alabama, who was a Union man. I do not
think I can be mistaken on that subject. I
think the Senator from Massachusetts will find
himself entirely mistaken. I have no doubt
that Mr. Perry's statement is reliable. Speak-
ing upon this very subject, just after the elec-
tion for the constitutional convention in South
Carolina, he said:
" In regardt  the political condition of the south-
ern States I am in deep despair and have no hope
except in a returning sense of justice.on the part of
the northern peoplo. The idea of placing the gov-
ernment of these States in the hands of negroes is
proposterously absurd. None of them have prop-
erty, and not one in five hundred can road or write.
In the recent election for members of a convention
many ot the negroes had forgotten their names, and
scarcely one in a hundred could tell after the election
for whom he voted. They were controlled blindly
by the loyal leagues. The tickets were printed ill
Charleston, with a likeness of President Lincoln on
them.''
I happen to have one of the tickets here, and
if the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
wishes to look at it he will find a little curiosity
about it. I see that the first man on the ticket
for the convention was Alonzo J. Ransier, a
colored man, of South Carolina. The next
was Frederick A. Sawyer, from Massachusetts.
The next Christopher C. Bowen, from Rhode
Island. The next Albert G. Mackey, of South
Carolina ; and then Gilbert Pilsbury, who, I
believe, is a Massachusetts man ; then Richard
H. Cain, a colored man ; then comes the name
of Francis L. Cardoza, from New York, I think,
though I should judge from the name that he
was of foreign extraction.
Mr. SUMNER. A colored man.
. Mr. DOOLITTLE. The next name is
Robert C. Delarge, from South Carolina, a
colored man ; and the last name on the ticket,
William McKinlay, of South Carolina,a colored
man. This was the ticket. Governor Perry
goes on to say:
"There never has been before such a wide field
opened for the demagogues and unprincipled aspir-
ants to office. The negro is the most credulous being
in the world, and most easily imposed 011 by vue
wretches who are disposed to pander to his ignorance
and passion. Emissaries from the North, white and
black, have come hero and prejudiced him against
the white race. He has been told that unless he
voted the Radical ticket ho would be placed back in
slavery, and that it he voted that ticket he would
have lands and mules given him. In some instances
the negroes actually brought with them bridles to
tako their mules home with."
Mr. President, this is the kind of material
which is forced upon these States as the basis
of reconstruction by Congress; disfranchising
the intelligent whites of the South, or many of
them; disfranchising many who had actually
received pardon at the hands of Mr. Lincoln
and at the hands of Mr. Johnson, pursuant to
the law that you yourself had enacted ; disfran-
chising them, although not convicted of any
crime; disfranchising them after they had
received from the President an absolute pardon
and restoration to all the rights of citizenship,
which the Supreme Court has expressly de-
clared is a full pardon; that Congress has no
power to restrict, the power to pardon being
m the President, an unqualified power over
which Congress lias no control whatever. Then
the men who are enfranchised, these ignorant
negroes, just set free from the plantations, not
knowing their names, nor the names by which
- they were registered, nor the names of the men
for whom th&y vote, who are so ignorant all to
go to the election with bridles to take their
mules home for voting the Radical ticket;
these are the men upon whom you force recon-
struction at the South in this civilized age, and
in the nineteenth century.
Mr. President, I have objected to this mode
of reconstruction. I have stood for the recon-
struction which Mr. Lincoln proposed, a recon-
struction based upon two ideas; first.of all,
that the State constitution fixing the right of
suffrage cannot be changed by Congress, and
second, that reconstruction should be based
upon the civilized and not upon the semi-civ-
ilized people of the southern States. I have
pleaded for that reconstruction. Perhaps I
have pleaded in vain; perhaps it has been
unnecessary that I should have pleaded for it
as I have done. The majority is so strong that
you are bound to carry those measures and to
insist upon your reconstruction based upon
the idea that Congress can fix and change the
constitutions of these States, based upon the
idea that you prefer the governments in those
States in the control of the half civilized men
of the South rather than under the control of
the civilized white race to which we belong.
You can do this for you have the power. I
suppose you will do it, are resolved upon it,
and that nothing I can say can prevent it; but
if it be done, and if the people of the South
find themselves placed in a position where
thoy are compelled to descend into the arena
and enter the canvass to see who can control
this ignorant negro vote, they, in the interest
of their own States, oryou, through your emis-
saries and the Freedmen's Bureau and the
military power which you have there, I believe
111 the end you will find that the white people
of the South will be stronger than you are, and
will control them in spite of all your efforts to
the contrary, and that the pit which you seek
to dig for them will be the very pit perhaps in
which you are to be buried. But go on, gen-
tlemen; the responsibility is upon you. You
have the power. You will exercise it.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. Before the Senator pro-
ceeds I should like to have one minute to cor-
rect 
Mr. STEWA RT. I will only occupya minute.
Mr. SUMNER. J wish to correct an error
of the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. STEWART. I just want to say a word
or two to the Senator front Wisconsin. He
says that they will trample down these recon-
struction laws.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I did not say that.
Mr. STEW ART. Ho says our friends shall
be trampled down.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I did not say that.
Mr. STEWART. That they will trample
down our efforts to reconstruct the southern
States on the congressional basis.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I did not say that. I
said that the party which sought to do what I
described would be trampled in pieces, and
that shortly.
Mr. STEWART. The party that sought to
do that would be trampled in pieces. That
has been the effort of the same men that are
attempting to do that now. I rose to tell the
gentleman that before thev trample down the
people who saved this Union, before they
trample down the loyal element, before they
place over loyalty the rebels who are still
unrepentant, before they reconstruct this coun-
try as dictated by rebels, they have got to make
further struggles than they can or have been
able to make. He refers to Nevada, to Mas-
sachusetts, to Wisconsin 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I did not refer to Mas-
sachusBtts
Mr. STEWART. I refer to his State, Wis-
consin, and I refer to the loyal millions who
were engaged in this war; and if the work of
subjugation and trampling down is to be begun
again, I think that the same party that ended
it before will end it the second time.
There is no more doubt about the constitu-
tionality of these reconstruction measures than
there is about any other law upon the statute-
book. Everybody knows that; but we are told
they shall be trampled underfoot. Who obeys
the'Coustitution 1 The usurper who would set
up government in defiance of the law? The
rebel who defied the power of this Govern-
ment? Who obeys the Constitution? It is
the Union party who saved it and that will
enforce it. It is the party the Senator speaks
of trampling down. ^
He talks to us of the barbarians of the South.
Who made them barbarians? Who kept them
barbarians? If a majority of the people have
become barbarians by reason of the exclusive
rule of the whites, it is time that that exclusive
rule should terminate. •
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I say the negroes have
been improved since thoy came from Africa.
Mr. DRAKE. They are semi-barbarians
now, I suppose?
DOOLITTLE. Yes;
semi-barbarians
Mr.
now.
Mr. STEWART. I say if they still are
barbarians, and if the minority that formerly
ruled there propose to keep them so, that is
a reason why a majority of these States should
rule. Talk not to me about their ignorance,
about their not understanding what they are
about! The difficulty is that they know too
much ; and that is why the thousand rebels
from Alabama sent up their whining petition
here. It is because they cannot control and
deceive these negroes. Think you that these
rebels would be disturbed about this if thsy
could deceive the negroes? The rebels and
the Democrats generally will allow anybody to
vote that votes on their side, negroes, monkeys,
tadpoles, anybody that will vote on their side.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will ask the honor-
able Senator if he did not propose to allow all
the rebels to vote if they were only on his side,
if they were only in favor of reconstruction ?
Mr. STEWART1. Certainly, when they vote
on our side and show that they repent.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then you do not care
for their bloody hands?
Mr. STEWART. No ; it is their bloody
hearts that are still rebellious that we object
to. We object to their continued assassin-
ations. We object to their defying the Gov-
ernment. We object that they will not accept
the situation. We object that they propose
to trample us in the dust. We object that they
propose to dictate terms to the conqueror.
We object that they propose to make loyalty
odious and treason honorable. We object that
they will not submit to the verdict of the war.
That is what the American people object to ;
and whatever you may say, the war will not
stop nntil they submit and accept the situation.
Talk about negro suffrage! That is not the
trouble. They will accept of no plan that we
present. The constitutional amendment had
no negro suffrage in it; but they would not
accept voluntarily any plan that the loyal men
could suggest; they spurned them all alike.
What they demand and the extent of their de-
mand is simply this, and nothing else: ''Let
us dictatc the terms ; you bow in the dust to
us; you ask pardon for having whipped us."
That is what they ask of us, and that is what
we are unwilling to do.
Before this trampling in the dust, of which
the Senator speaks, is done, I want him w
remember that, there are millions of men in
this country who believe in Government, be-
lieve in the Constitution, believe in the sanctity
of law, believe that rebels should submit to the
Constitution, believe that the verdict of this
war meant something—meant that the Gov-
ernment should stand, meant that ail men
should be free, and that justice should be
supreme. They were in earnest during the
war ; they are in earnest still. Although they
may be baffled by treachery, although they may
seem to fail for a time, I tell you they have
enlisted for " during the war," and they intend
to have ultimate success. They do not riean
to submit to the rebel mode of warfare now
any more than they propose to let Lee plant
our batteries. When we quit that policy in
war, when we ceased to submit our plan of
