1846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
Mr. GRIMES. That has been the policy of
the Government, from its foundation. We have
proceeded upon that idea, and it is a part of
the national system.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN. To encourage
patriotism.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir ; if you choose to
call it so, to encourage patriotism. It says to
the poor man called upon to leave his family,
"If you choose to leave your family and risk
your life in the defense of the country and in
holding up its flag where it is attacked, your
family shall be provided for, and your wauts
shall bo supplied in the future." It is not in-
tended as ail ex post facto law to apply to cases
as a mere gratuity. It was never intended to
meet a charitable case, if you please; but it is
a part of a system. Now, the question is,
whether or not we had better establish a pre-
cedent in passing this bill by which we shall
pay all the deputy provost marshals; and I do
not understand that this man was a deputy pro-
vost marshal.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. He was.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand he was merely
called upon temporarily to go out and assist
in the execution of a process that was in the
hands of the provost marshal for that district.
But the same principle extends beyond a deputy
provost marshal. If we are going to pay a
pension to the children of a deputy provost
marshal, why shall we not extend it to a deputy
marshal who, while in the execution of the
process of a United States court, is shot down
also?
Mr. EDMUNDS. We ought to do so.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator says we ought
to do so. That may be his idea. His idea of
the Government may be that of a great system
of pensioned citizens. That is not my idea,
and that, I apprehend, was not the idea of the
men who founded tlift Government. I think
the whole pension system is wrong. If I had
my way I would establish an obligatory duty,
and enforce it upon every citizen of the coun-
try to render military allegiance to the Gov-
ernment whenever it is called for.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is now.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; and I would put
all those who were disabled or disqualified
from gaining a livelihood by the ordinary
methods of subsistence, into your hospitals.
You have established them now all through
your country, and you are spending untold
sums of money upon them.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I have found thelaw
that I was looking for, and I think I can
demonstrate that this case comes strictly under
the law and is authorized by law. The first
section of the act of July 25, 180(5, provides :
" That the provisions of the pensionkiws are hereby
extended to, and made to include provost marshals,
deputy provost marshals, and enrolling officers, who
have been killed or wounded in thedischajgcof their
duties; and for the purpose of determining the
amount of pensions to whiell such persons and their
dependents shall bo entitled, provost marshals shall
be ranked as captains, deputy provost marshals as
first lieutona.nts, and enrolling officers as second
lieutenants.''
Then the ninth section of the act of July 4,
18G4, provides:
" That those persons, not enlisted soldiers in the
army, who volunteered for the time being to serve
with any regularly organized military or naval force
of the United States, or where persons otherwise vol-
unteered and rondered service in any engagement
with rebels or Indians since the 4th day of March
1861, shall, if they have been disabled in conse-
quence of wounds received in battle, in such tem-
porary service, be entitled to the samo benefits of
the pension laws as tho«e who have been regu-
larly mustered into the United States service; and
the widows or other dependents of any such per-
sons as may have been killed in the temporary
service aforesaid shall be entited to pensions in
the same manner as they would have been had
such persons been regularly mustered."
Now, when a man is called out under com-
petent authority and sent to arrest deserters,
alld_ is shot down in that temporary service, if
he is not within the letter of this law he is
most clearly within its spirit. I think the
Committee on Pensions liave followed the law
strictly. 1 he Commissioner of Pensions
would have allowed this pension, only he did
not feel authorized to put wiis man in the po-
sition of a deputy provost marshal; h^ was
only a special agent; and the Commissioner
must necessarily follow the strict letter of the
law. The Senate and the other House sit,
perhaps, as a court of chancery torevise'these
decisions, and they can decide, and I hope
they will decide in this case, that this man was
clearly within the spirit and intention of the
law, and therefore his children are entitled to
a pension.
Mr. CAMERON. It seems to me the Sena-
tor from West Virginia has furnished us the
best argument against the passage of this bill.
He says the law has provided for it. If the
law has provided for pensions to the heirs of
this person let the officers of the law settle the
case and give them the pension. On the other
hand, if we are to pass another bill on the sub-
ject, I say it is increasing the extent of your
pension system and increasing your expendi-
tures beyond what was contemplated by the
law-makers during the war. No nation in the
world has ever been so liberal as ours toward
its soldiers. I am not disposed to detract in
the least from that liberality, but I do not wish
to bring upon your pension list a class of per-
sons that nobody hitherto ever dreamed of
pensioning, nor do 1 desire to give pensions to
people who, perhaps, have not rendered service
to the nation. I look upon these pensions not
exactly as a reward for patriotism, but as an
evidence of the gratitude of the nation for serv-
ices rendered to save it from destruction. I
would, therefore, extend the system to the
furthest limit to which you can find meritori-
ous persons. But I do not believe that a man
who has sought, probably, the employment of
a day or of a week around a provost marshal's
office is a proper person to pension. I have
had some experience in my own town of the
sort of people who sometimes obtained employ-
ment in those places. They were generally
men who were not willing even to be camp
lollowers ; they were not men who were willing
to go in the Army, but men who stayed at home
and who tried to make something out of the
expenditures of the Army, without rendering
any patriotic service.
I would at least postpone this bill for the
present. Let us pause and reflect upon this
system. We have to-day passed an immense
number of bills, which will take millions prob-
ably from our Treasury yearly. We cannot
afford to continue this unreflecting system of
expenditure. We shall break down under the
accumulated debt of the Government unless we
act wisely and discreetly in our expenditures.
I would rather have the whole Army reduced,
and the Navy reduced, and the civil list re-
duced, so as to enable us to get along with
much less taxation than we have now. 1 think
wisdom points out such a course. This is but
a small matter—fifteen dollars a month for a
few years—but it may bring in its train an
immense expenditure.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This case is a little too
serious for these poor orphans to be disposed
of lightly. And if there is any occasion, at any
time, to pass a special pensiop bill, as every
Senator agrees that there is—cases that come
within the equity and spirit of the policy of
justice, not of humanity, that controls the
action of the Government relating to its sol-
diers—then this is one of those cases. The
principle upon which the pension laws go, as
I understand them, is, that we are not doing
an act of charity when we pension a disabled
soldier, when we provide for his helpless
widow and children, but we are doing an act
of simple justice to him and his heirs, and
are doing an act of the highest policy that a
Government that intends to encourage the
defense of its existence and the defense of its
dignity can possibly do.
If I am correct about this, then the pension
laws are based upon a substantial principle,
and wherever there comes a case within that
principle, a special case, that is not within the
letter of the law, it appeals to the sense of
justice and equity of the law-making power to
provide for it. We all know that the Com-
missioner of Pensions, considering the great
amount of applications before him from every
section of the country, is obliged to be rigid in
the scrutiny of the cases that are brought be-
fore him, and rigid in the construction of the
laws that give relief; and, therefore, unless a
case comes both within the spirit and the let-
ter of the law as it is written, he is bound to
reject it, and does. Are we to be governed
by any such principle? Not if we are just,
because we are governed by that sense of gen-
eral equity which extends not our bounty or
our charity, but our rendition of justice, to
every case that comes fairly within the princi-
ple upon which we proceed in the law.
Now, what was this case? In this case, this
man, at the moment he was killed, leaving
these poor orphans, was in the military service
of his country. Whether lie was there by right
or by wrong, the provost marshal under whose
control and command he was acting was a
military officer of the Government, having no
civil functions whatever; and in some districts
of the country, I am sorry to say, he was a
military officer who was exposed to a great
deal of injury and obliged to submit to a great
deal of mortification and trouble. Having the
authority as a military officer to call upon any
citizen to enlist for the moment under his ban-
ner to assert the supremacy of the law, he calls
upon this man, and he responds.
But my friend from Pennsylvania says why
did he not go to the war? Why did we not
all go to the war? If Ave had all gone there
would have been nobody left at home to pro-
vide food or money or clothing or anything
else for the soldiers. That is a very poor
argument, indeed, to accuse every mail for not
going to the war. Enough went; and enough
stayed at home to provide them with bread and
meat and money and everything that they
could be provided with. This man was pur-
suing the duties of a citizen at home, and under
the command of this provost marshal he
entered upon what was essentially and truly a
military service, and in that service he was
killed performing his duty ; and yet you say it
is not equitable, it is not within the spirit of
the law, to give these poor orphan children the
fifteen dollars a month they would be entitled
to if he had been a veteran.
Mr. President, this is an argument that
ought not to appeal to Senators, as it seems
to me.
Mr. THAYER. I agree with my friend
from Pennsylvania in one observation which
he made, which was to the effect that we should
reduce the Army and Navy and cut off some
useless expenditures. 1 am with him in that
respect^ but I hope he will not undertake to
apply his principles of economy to a case like
this. He tells us we are opening the way to
pensioning a large number of persons never
contemplated by the pension laws. Suppose
we are ; if this is a meritorious case why not
provide for it? What difference does it make
whether the man had actually been mustered
in or had not been mustered in, provided he
was discharging the duty which this Govern-
ment required of liim? Those who served in
tlie field or were wounded in battle or lost
their lives in battle-were not the only men who
rendered meritorious service. There was serv-
ice to be done at home in the States just as
necessary as service in the field; and, as the
Senator from Vermont has said, that service
was at times attended with risk and peril as
much as the service in the field.
Sir, I trust the time has not come when we
shall stop and split hairs over a case like this.
It is enough for me to know that a human life
was given to aid in saving this nation : and if
I were to vote against granting this small pit-
tance T trust, it would never fall to my lot to
meet the orphan children of the man who thuo
gave his life. This Government required it;
he was acting under orders, and, therefore, the
