1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3895-
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
.JOHN W. HARRIS.
Mr. BEATTY, from tlie same committee,
also reported back, with a recommendation ;
that the same do pass, Senate bill No. 332, I
granting a pension to John W. Harris.
The question was upon ordering tlie bill to
be read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll the name of John W. Harris, late a pilot
in the service of the United States, and to
allow him from the naval pension fund a pen-
sion at the rate of twenty-five dollars per
month, to commence on April 15, 1863.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BEATTY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
harriet w. pond.
Mr. BEATTY, from the same committee,
also reported back, with a recommendation
that the same do pass, Senate bill No. 601,
granting a pension to Harriet \V. Pond.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll the name of Harriet W. Pond, wife of
James Pond, formerly Harriet W. Stinson,
and to allow and pay to her as in her own
right,and not subject to the claim or control
of her husband, a pension at the rate of seven-
teen dollars per month, to commence on the
21st day of August, 1864, and to continue
during her natural life.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BEATTY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Some time subsequently,
Mr. MAYNAItD said: I did not at the
time pay particular attention to the bill grant-
ing a pension to Harriet W. Pond, or I would
have asked some explanation of it, as it seems
to be a bill granting a pension to a woman who
has a husband living.
The SPEAKER. The Chair noticed at the
time the bill was read that it was a peculiar
bill.
Mr. BEATTY. The report accompanying
the bill explains it fully. 1 ask that the report
be printed in the Globe, in connection with
the bill.
No objection was made.
The report was as follows, made by Mr. Vax
Winkle, of the Senate:
The Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the petition of Mrs. Harriet W. Pond, respectfully
report:
That tlie said petition, with accompanying papers,
was originally referred to the Committee of Clainis,
who reported the tacts of the ease as follows, which,
after due examination, this committee adopt as cor-
rect :
She represents that she volunteered her serviccsto
minister to the necessities of the soldiers during the
rebellion; that she 1 etc her home in Old Town, Maine,
anil went out with the sixth Maine volunteers, and
continued an active attendant upon the sick and
djiug until the close of the war; was on thirteen
bat.le-fields and many heavy skirmishes, and among
other things assisted in preserving the names of the
d^ad and procuring the bodies of many for their
friends; and ppont freely of her own money for the
sick wounded, and dying to the amount of at least
$3 000 Her son, of that regiment, was killed in bat-
tle, but had expended$1,000 of his own money, at his
mother's request, for the same purpose.
She represents that in held and_ hospital sno
attended to the necessities of all soldieis alike, and
without anv expectation of remuneration, and
would not ask for it now but her health and consti-
tution have suffered by fatigues, hardship, and expo-
sure, ond -she is lett without means of support.
She further represents that at the battle ot Antic**
tarn while assisting in the removal of wounded sol-
diers a wagon was overthrown, killing three soluiers
ami breaking her own leer; that she renewed her
labors for the soldiers before her limb was strong,
causing it to be thrown out ot place, and erysipelas
set in, by which she is permanently disabled.
She shows, too, that in 18*53. while with the Maine
regiment, she was captured by the rebels, and by
them robbed ot $-50 in money, and clothing beside.
Iler affidavit shows that she expended $4,000 in the
service, and there is some corroborative testimony
upon the subject. The papers indicate her good
character and persistency in the work.
The Committee of Claims conclude their report as
follows:
Your committee are of opinion that compensation
in such cases, if made at all, should be by the States
whose regiments accept the services and permit such
attendance. This committee has hitherto declined
to recognizc such claims. But in eonsideration of
the injury she has received, and loss of her son, on
whom, it is alleged, she leaned for support, it may
be proper that a pension be provided for the peti-
tioner in this ease; and they recommend that her
papers be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
In accordance with this recommendation the said
petition and papers were referred to this committee,
who proceeded to consider the same. They do not
find that there is any law under the provisions of
which the petitioner is entitled to a pension, unless
on account of the death of her son, a private in the
service, who was killed in battle; but it does not
ap« ear that she was so dependent on him at and
before the time of his death as to bring her within
the said provisions.
If tins is so, the case is one of a class of which
several, within the last few years, after being pre-
viously referred to the Military, Naval, or other
Committees, have been sent to the Pension Commit-
tee. The class referred to consists of cases in which
relief or reward is asked of the Government on
account of alleged exemplary services in the Army
or Navy. It is evident that the consideration of meh
cases does not fall within the proper duties of the
Coinmittoc on Pensions. They have, however, for
two or three years reported on them, usually ad-
versely, or have asked to be discharged from their
further consideration, not because they had been
improperly referred, but as a conclusion from the tacts
presented. Many ot these cases have askedadouble
or increased pension for the widows of officers of the
higher rank, the rato not increasing after the rank
of lieutenant colonel is reached in the ascending
scale. Such increase not being allowed by law.it
will be readily peu-e ved that what is a^ked in such
cases is a mere gratuity. For at least two years past
no such case bus been reported on favorably by this
committee. It they approved such increase, they
would deem it their duty to report an amendment to
the general law, increasing the rates of pensions in
the cases mentioned, thus putting all oil the same
footing.
There are, however, in the ca^e of the petitioner to
whom this report more particularly relates, some
facts at least analogous to the cases in which pensions
are allowed by law. The petitioner had devoted
herself to the service of her country by administering
to the wants of sick and wounded soldiers, and this
for years continuously; and while actually agisting
in removing some of the wounded from the battle-
field of Antietam, an accidcnt by which three of her
charge wcro killed made her a cripple lor life. In
consideration of this the committee submit to the
Senate the accompanying bill granting her the pen-
sion of an acting assistant surgeon, as in her own
right, fiora the time she left the Army during her
natural life.
It is proper, in explanation of some of the phrase-
ology of the bill, to state that since the war the peti-
tioner, who during its continuance was a widow, was
again married; but that her husband is himself
greatly disabled by disease contracted while an offi-
cer in tho Army during the war, and unable to con-
tribute to her subsistence. In ordinary cases pen-
sions are not granted to married women, but as in
this ease tho pension, it granted, is in consideration
of her own personal services and permanent dis-
abilfy, the committee have sought and intended to
make it payable to her in her individual right until
her death.
LUCINDA It. JOHNSON.
Mr. BEATTY, from the same committee,
also reported back, with a recommendation
that the same do pass, Senate bill No. 500,
granting a pension to Lucinda R. Johnson.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be lead a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to tho limitations and provisions
of the pension laws, the name of Lucinda It.
Johnson, the widow of Dr. B. Johnson, of
Illinois, late a contract surgeon in the military
service of the United States, and to pay her a
pension at the rate of seventeen dollars per
month, to commence March 7, 1805, and to
continue during her widowhood.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BEATTY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. .
IXENIIY CltOWS.
Mr. BEATTY. from the same committee,
also reported back, with an amendment, Sen-
ate bill No. 517, granting a pension to the
widow and children of Henry Brown.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the names of Behma
Brown, the widow, and Nacey J., Alvey F.,
Sarah C., and Henry, children under sixteen
years of age of Henry Brown, late a private in,
company K, tenth regiment Tennessee cav-
alry volunteers, and to pay her a pension at
the rate of eight dollars per month during
widowhood, and two dollars per month for
each of the children until they shall attain the
age of sixteen years, commencing January 31,
1804.
The amendment was to strike out from and
including the words, " at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month" and to insert " commencing
January 31, 1864."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BEATTY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The.latter motion was agreed to.
MARIA SCHWEITZER AND CHILDREN.
Mr. BEATTY, from the same committee,
also reported back, with an amendment, Sen-
ate bill No. 422 granting a pension to Maria
Schweitzer and the minor children of Conrad
Schweitzer, deceased.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place upon the pension-
roll the names of Maria Schweitzer, the widow,
and Carl B. and Maria Schweitzer, children
under sixteen years of age of Conrad Schweit-
zer, late a private in company C, sixty-first
regiment New York volunteers, and allow and
pay her a pension at the rate of eight dollars
per month for herself during widowhood, and
two dollars per month for each of the children,
until they severally attain the age of sixteen
years, commencing February 2, 1865.
The amendment was to strike out all after
the words "pay her a pension" and to insert
the words " subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, commencing
February 2, 1805."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BEATTY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on'the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHILDREN OF ROBERT T. WEED, DECEASED.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported back, with an amend-
ment, a bill (S. No. 583) granting a pension to
John A. Weed and Elizabeth J. Weed, minor
children of llobert T. Weed, deceased.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll the
names of John A. Weedand Elizabeth J. Weed,
only surviving children of Ilobert T. Weed,
late a private in the second Indiana volunteer
battery, who died in the service of the United
States and in the line of duty, and to pay to
them, or their legally-appointed guardian or
guardians, a pension of eight dollars per month
from November 10, 1864, the date of the death
of their father, until they respectively attain
the age of sixteen years.
The amendment of the committee was to
strike out all after the words "a pension,''
and insert "subject to the provisions and lim-
itations of the pension laws, commencing No-
vember 10, 1862."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading ; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BEATTY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
