1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
463
the report of the committee on the table
until the majority would concede to us the
privilege of discussing to a reasonable extent
the question.
Such motions are sometimes the only means
the minority of a legislative body have to pro-
tect themselves and secure the freedom of debate
on vital public questions, and this, in my hum-
hie opinion, was a proper occasion for the exer-
cise of that right.
We did not succeed, however ; the majority
were fearful of discussion, and all we secured
was a direct vote upon the question. In this
connection let me advert to the course of gen-
tlemen on the Democratic side of the House.
They have on all occasions in the Thirty-Ninth
and the present Congress insisted, while they
were in the minority on great political ques-
tions, when those questions came to be consid-
ered, upon the greatest latitude of debate, and
complained bitterly of the "tyranny" of the
majority, and were very earnest in their asser-
tions of the rights of the minority; but upon
this occasion, when they were suddenly grown
into the majority, not one of them is found in
favor of the freedom of debate or the rights
of the minority.
It is said that the only blemish that rests
upon the memory of the Pilgrim Fathers is that
they who had fled from the persecutions and
oppressions of the Old World to the wilder-
ness of the New, to enjoy the priceless bless-
ings of civil and religious liberty, became in
time as intolerant as the oppressors from whom !
they fled, and burnt witches and banished i
Quakers. I commend this bit of history to !
the consideration of these honorable gentlemen. |
I carefully examined the evidence taken by
and the various reports emanating from the
Judiciary committee on the subject of impeach-
ment, and, sir, as one of the grand inquest of
the nation, sought to examine the whole matter
with a judicial mind uninfluenced, by partisan
feelingor prejudice. At the same time, sir, I was
not awed by the power and glitter of this great ,
office. I did not bask in the smiles of Execu-
tive favor or meekly pick up the crumbs that
fell from his official table ; nor was I deterred
from doing my duty by the threats and jeers
of traitors, the sneers of conservatives, or
the pretended contempt of the opposition. I
found, sir, that Andrew Johnson had, in vio ,
lation of law, seized upon the governments of !
ten States of this Union, created Governors,
Legislatures, judges for them; appointed to
offices created by himself in those States men
who had been in rebellion against our Gov-
ernment, whose hands were yet red with the
blood of our people, and had" paid those offi- 1
cers out of the people's money in violation of
law. I found that he had overridden and defied !
the legislative branch of this Government and j
usurped with a high hand the prerogatives of
Congress. |
When Congress resisted and denounced his 1
usurpations, with deliberate and well formed ,
purpose to continue his usurpations and put
traitors into power in this country, to the ex-
clusion and oppression of loyal men, he pros-
tituted the pardoning power, the veto power. ;
and the power of appointment to office—all j
great powers given him by the Constitution for -
a wise and discreet nse, for the public good, and '
not to be abused and made instrumental of
fraud, usurpation, and oppression. I found him
encouraging insubordination in the population
that had been in rebellion ; insidiously indu-
cing them to resist the law; lighting in New
Orleans the flames of sedition and murder ;
calmly witnessing the murder of thousands of
Union men in the South who had fallen victims
to his creatures and under the protection of his
State governments. I found him surrendering
to the enemy millions of the public property
m violation of law ; restoring to traitors mil-
lions more that by law belonged to the Treas-
ury. and could only be taken from thence by an
appropriation by Congress pursuant to law;
that he knowingly appointed a large number of
officers who could not take the "iron-clad"
oath of office to discharge the most delicate and
responsible duty of collecting the public rev-
enue, thus disregarding the law himself and
j encouraging others to do so ; that he had sold
i on credit vast amounts of personal property
belonging to the Government, in violation of
law, to rebels, constituting Tennessee railroad
corporations, takingno adequate security there-
for, and when, by means of such property, said
railroad corporations amassed a considerable
sum of money, he postponed the payment of the
public demands upon said corporations in order
to secure the payment of obligations which he,
the President, had against such corporations,
and which constituted doubtless the real reason
of the original sale of the aforesaid personal
property to them.
I_ found that while it was his duty and sworn
obligation '' to see that the laws were faithfully
executed," not one traitor had been brought
to punishment for the crime that deluged our
land in blood, clothed it in mourning, covered
it with debt, and filled it with graves ; but on
the contrary, traitors had been pardoned, and
many of them clothed with offices of honor and
trust, while the laws providing for confiscating
their property had been deliberately and sys-
tematically violated by the Executive, and even
property was restored to rebel owners that had
before been confiscated by law and belonged to
the Treasury of the United States. In short,
I found that he had betrayed and violated in
many ways his high trust, and I voted with a
clear sense of the magnitude of the occasion
; and the responsibility under which I rested as
a Representative of the people for the impeach-
ment of this high offender.
The minority report, presented by the chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee, admits as true
: in effect the most of these charges, but seeks to
escape from their effect by assuming that none
of these are legally impeachable offenses. But
let us examine briefly the legal question.
"The President, Vice President, and all civil offi-
cers of the United States shall be removed from
office on impeachment for and conviction of treason,
bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors."—
Constitution, art. 2, sec, 4.
What are impeachable offenses within the
meaning of the Constitution? " Treason and
bribery'' clearly are, being made so by the
Constitution itself. The difficulty arises in
determining what othef offenses are impeach-
able. The language employed is "other high
crimes and misdemeanors;'' very broad terras,
! indeed, and sufficiently so to cover every con-
ceivable criminal offense above the grade of
1 simple misdemeanor.
It is n®t necessary to discuss whether a civil
| officer, if you please the President, can be im-
peached for crimes not committed by color
of his office or within the scope of his official
acts, but wholly disconnected therefrom; such
as larceny of the property of private individ-
i uals, arson, burglary, or the like; but we will
consider what acts done or omitted within the
range of official duties and as a public officer
will come within the definition of "high crimes
or misdemeanors."
In determining this question reference must
be had to the character of the official trust im-
posed and the consequences of a failure to
execute that trust.
The executive office is one of the branches
of the Government; it is created to execute
the law, not to make it, and to act within its
constitutional sphere in harmony with the leg-
islative and judicial branches of the Govern-
ment. The President has a double obligation
resting upon him; he must do what the Consti-
tution commands him to perform, and refrain
from doing what it enjoins upon either of the
other branches. A failure on his part to dis-
charge either of these obligations must produce
the most serious and far-reaching consequen-
ces to the whole country and endanger its very
existence. The President is elected for four
years and cannot be deprived of his office
except by impeachment, and unless that can
occur in the cases supposed a bad, ambitious,
or unscrupulous Chief Magistrate would have
it in his power to destroy the Republic.
I submit that the President is impeachable
for any such misconduct in office as amounts
to a serious breach of his official trust, any
important violation or neglect of a duty en-
joined upon "him as the President of the United
States, and that such violation of duty and
misconduct are high crimes and misdemeanors
within the meaning of the Constitution, and
that in this enlarged and liberal sense the
words were used by the framers of the Consti-
tution, as I shall proceed most conclusively to
show. I glean from the debates in the great
convention that framed this immortal instru-
ment the following: Colonel Mason, upon
whose motion the words "high crimes and
misdemeanors" were inserted after the words
treason and bribery, said :
"No point is more important than that the right
of impeachmentshould becontinued. Shall any man
be above justice, and above all, shall that'man who
can commit the most extensivo injustice."
Dr. Franklin said :
"It would be the best way to provide in the Con-
stitution for the regular punishment of the Executive
when his misconduct should deserve it."
James Madison said that he—
" Thought it indispensable that some provision
should bo made fordefendingthe community against
the incapacity, negligence, or perfidy of the Chief
Magistrate. lie might loose hi3 capacity after his
appointment. IIo might pervert his administration
into a scheme of peculation or oppression. lie might
betray his trust to foreign Powers."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will thegentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. WARD. Certainly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, Does the gentleman
claim that incapacity in a civil officer is a suffi-
cient cause for his impeachment under the
provision of the Constitution he is considering ?
Mr. WARD. I am not stating any opinion
of my own on that subject. I am only giving
! Mr. Madison's statement. He seems to think
an officer should be impeached if he became
incapacitated to discharge his official duties.
Mr. HIGBY. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. WARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. HIGBY. Does the gentleman think
intemperance in a public officer a sufficient
cause for impeachment?
Mr. WARD. I regard intemperance in a
public officer as a grave offense against good
go\fsrnment and morals ; and gross intemper-
ance, such as unfits him to discharge his offi-
cial duties, as a sufficient ground of impeach-
ment.
Mr. HIGBY. So do I.
Mr. WARD. But to resume, Mr. Chairman:
Edmund Randolph said that—
" Guilt, wherever found, ought tobe punished. The
Executive will have great opportunities of abusing
his power, particularly in time of war, when the mil-
itary force, and to some extent the public money, will
be in his hands."—Madison papers, vol. 2, pages 1154,
1155, 1156,1157, and 1158.
In the debate upon the ratification of the
Federal Constitution in the North Carolina
convention Mr. Spaight, who was also a mem-
ber of the Federal Convention, in commenting
upon the provision we are considering, said—
" That the President was impeachable if he in any
manner abused his trust."—Elliott Debate in Conven-
tion, 1787, vol. 3,108.
Mr. Indell, a prominent member of the
North Carolina convention, on the same occa-
sion said:
"The power of impeachment is given by this Con-
stitution to bring great offenders to punishment;
it is calculated to bring them to punishment for
crimes that are not easy to define, but which every
one must be convinced is a high crime and misde-
meanor against the Government."—-Ibid., 107.
Governor Johnson, a leading member, on
the same occasion, said :
"If an officer commits an offense against an indi-
vidual he is amenable to the courts of law. If ho
commits a crime against tho State ho may bo in-
dicted and punished. Impeachment only extends
to high crimes and misdemeanors in a public offi-
cer; it is a mode pointed out for great misdemeanors
against the public."
The honored name of Alexander Hamilton,
who was also a member of the Federal Con-
vention, adds its weight to these positions. He
declares in No. 95 of the Federalist that—
"The subjects of the jurisdiction of a court of im-
peachment are those offensos which proceed from
