1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
347
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Representation in Congress—Mr. Yates.
Senate.
and 1857, and Shows tlie annual per capita
production to each man, woman, and child,
white and black, in the respective States. No
doubt the amount of this annual production
would now be considerably greater; but I am
satisfied that the proportions between the an-
nual production of the population of the man-
ufacturingandofthe agricultural States therein
stated would be more than sustained at the
present moment.
Massachusetts    60
Ruode Island 164 61
Connecticut  15(3 03
California   149 <35
New Jersey ..."."i..."!.120 82
Sew Hampshire    117 17
New York  112 00
Pennsylvania  9U 30
Vermont  96 62
Illinois..  86 94
Missouri  g8 06
Delaware  35 27
Maryland  83 85
Ohio  75 83
Michigan  72 51
Kentucky    71 g2
Maine  71 n
Indiana  99 12
Wisconsin  68 41
Mississippi  07 50
Iowa  65 47
Louisiana  65 30
Tennessee     63 10
Georgia  61 45
Virginia  59 42
South Carolina  56 91
Alabama  55 72
Florida  54 77
Arkansas  52 04
District of Columbia  52 00
Texas  51 13
Ivorth Carolina  49 38
Thus we see, sir, that where employment is
most varied there is labor must productive,
and consequently best rewarded.
protection cheapens goods.
I have said, sir, that the speediest and surest
mode to cheapen the cost of goods to the con-
sumer is to encourage their home production,
find I only regret that I am compelled by the
limit of my time to restrict my proof of this
position to a few facts. Perhaps one of the
most pertinent I can adduce is derived from
the cotton industry. By the tariff acts of 1816
a duty of twenty-five per cent, was imposed on
all cotton fabrics, requiring that they should
be taken at a minimum valuation of twenty-
five cents per square yard. By the acts of
1821 and 1828, this minimum valuation was
increased first to thirty and afterward to thirty-
five cents the square yard, being in effect a
specific duty of nearly nine cents a yard ; and
we see the effect upon the price of the article
in the following table of prices, complied by
Mr. Appleton:
Cent? per yard.
IRIrt   30
1319 21
182o  13
1829  81
1813  61
The same fact is illustrated by the prices at
which "prints" were sold, commencing at the
date when the manufacture was first success-
fully established—1825:
The average price per yard in 1825was $23 07
The average price per yard in 1830 was   16 36
Xho average price per yard in 1835 was  10 01
The average price per yard in 1S40 was   12 09
The average price per yard in 1815 was  10 90
The average price per yard in 1850was  9 21
The average price per yard ill 1855 was  9 15
How rapidly the cotton industry has grown,
and how firmly it has been established, may
be gathered from the fact that the number of
spindles in New England in 1850 has been
estimated, upon reliable authority, at 2,751,078;
according to the census, the population in
New England in 1850 was 2,728,106, making
an average of 1,008 spindles to every thousand
of its inhabitants. The population of Great
Britian in 1850 was 20,703,552, and the num- ;
ber of spindles was 20,857,062—equal to a \
thousand and eight spindles to a thousand j
inhabitants. Thus, in less than fifty years, i
the productive power of the people ot New !
England in this manufacture had become 1
fully equal to that of the greatest Manufac-
turing nation on earth. The number of spindles
in the whole country in 1860 was 5,035,798.
In Great Britain, in 1862, the number was
30,387,457.
Let me draw another illustration from the
shoe manufacture, now so strengthened through
our protective legislation as to be almost
entirely independent of foreign competition.
It is asserted by persons competent to pro-
nounce an opinion, that we now furnish boots
and shoes cheaper than they could be im-
ported, and that American leather, the manu-
facture of which was protected by the early
tariffs, is superior to that which is commonly
used in Europe. Thus has this important
industry established itself impregnably, and
secured the supply of shoes to the people
cheaper than it would be possible to import
them.
The manufacture of cotton hosiery supplies
another evidence of the truth of my position.
Before the war this manufacture was thought
by practical men acquainted with the subject
impossible, but I learn, on reliable authority,
that in 1800 cotton stockings were sold at three
dollars per dozen, which can now be freely had
at $1 60, and that with cotton at fourteen cents
a pound a good article may be furnished to the
consumer at twelve and a half cents a pair,
being one half the price paid before the war.
But although I might multiply proofs from
the experience of almost every branch of
industry of the proposition I have advanced, I
shall refer only further to the iron manufac-
ture, the foundation, sir, of all our industry,
and the basis of tho world's material pros-
perity.
Not more than thirty years ago our annual
production of iron did not exceed fifty thou-
sand tons, now it is not less than one million
live hundred thousand tons. With all the
disadvantages it had to contend with of com-
petition with British capital and skill, and of
the vacillating and uncertain policy of our Gov-
ernment, it has been able to obtain a foothold
in the country from which it now cannot be
dislodged, but only through tho effect of pro-
tective legislation. During the protection
period between 1828 and 1832 its production
was doubled ; for eight years later, under a
free trade policy, until 1842. although the popu-
lation increased at the rate of thirty per cent.,
production made no progress. In the years
to 1848, under protection, the amountreached
eight hundred thousand tons, and then, under
the influence of low tariffs, it receded to less
than live hundred thousand tons. In six years,
under the influence of the Morrill tariff, the
production has reached tho large amount of
one million live hundred thousand.
CONCLUSION.
I have trespassed on the attention of the
House too long, and I hasten to a conclusion.
My object has been to show that the principle
of protection to domestic industry has been
proclaimed and maintained by the great states-
men of this country almost without exception ;
that it has been proclaimed and maintained,
too, by the rulers and ministers of all the na-
tions of Europe which have succeeded in estab-
lishing their manufacturing systems ; that the
operation of this principle of protection has
been uniformly beneficent, securing individual
prosperity and national power; that the coun-
tries which have been excluded from its opera-
tion have invariably sunk into poverty and
degenerated into political vassalage and help-
lessness; that this great gain has been accom-
plished without loss to any class or section of
the people, inasmuch as its effect invariably
has been to cheapen the cost of goods to the
consumer, while at the same time it secures
such just and liberal recompense for labor as
enables the workmgman to educate his chil-
dren and beautify his home, and himself to till
the place of an enlightened citizen ; and, sir. 1
have aUo shown that 111 the perilous condition
in which our country stands to-dajr, with the
mighty debt that presses so heavily an,d so
injuriously on her productive energy, her credit
dishonored abroad, her currency depreciated
at home, her people recklessly consuming for-
eign luxuries, for which they pay in borrowed
money, obtained at the disgraceful sacrifice
of the nation's credit, the necessity exists for
action, at once prompt and decided, to arrest
the drain of gold to Europe that is depleting
and enervating the nation.
The revision of the tariff thus, sir, I assert,
demands the immediate attention of this
House. To revive the flagging industry ; to
stop onv reckless expenditures in. Europe for
commodities which may either be dispensed
with altogether or made at home; to secure
profitable employment to our laboring popula-
tion in all departments of our industry; to
open the mighty resources of our undeveloped
country to the millions of honest workers that
now look to this nation as the only land of
hope from depressed and suffering England
and from famine-stricken Europe, should, Mr.
Chairman, be our first care, either as legisla-
tors or as patriots.
Representation in Congress.
SPEECH OF HON. HICHAM) YATES,
OF ILLINOIS,
L\- the Ukited States Senate,
June, 11, 1868,
Onthemotion to reconsider the vote on the passage of
thebill(H. R. No.1058) to admit theStates of North
Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Ala-
bama, and Florida, to representation in Congress.
Mr. YATES said :
Mr. President : The war through which
the country has passed and its incidents have
waked up a new spirit of inquiry into the
powers of the Constitution, the relative powers
of the General Government and of the States,
of the President and of Congress. It seems
that the doctrine of State rights or State sov-
ereignty, which was undoubtedly the father
of secession and the cause of the war, and
which, upon the construction given to it by
the Democratic party, is certainly the gateway
to the dissolution of the Union, is now re-
vived, and Senators even on this side of the
Senate seem to give color to the dangerous
pretension that it is settled that the States are
sovereign in the power to limit the right of
suffrage to as many or as few of the people as
in their discretion they may deem proper.
Mr. President, I declare myself opposed to
that sort of logic which opposes every measure
of reform upon the ground that " the question
is settled." Moreover, I am not in favor
of applying the precedents of slavery to the
altered state of things brought about in this
country by emancipation. In advocating the
causc of human rights I do not like to have a
merely legal plea interposed, a special demur-
rer, a musty precedent brought up to prevent
the saving action of Congress for a wholesome
and permanent reconstruction of the Union.
Sir, I do not decry precedents. I belong to
the profession of the law, and 1 am proucl to
be a member of that profession. I know, how-
ever, that precedents are as useful sometimes
to show the errors of the past, us they are as
examples for our imitation.
Slavery was once the rule and freedom the
exception, and whatever else might, he dis-
turbed, slavery was sacred. All constitutions,
laws, and usages were to bow submissively
before the Moloch of slavery. Even the good
Lincoln—who was a radical anti-siavery man,
and who said if any thing was wrong slavery was
wrong—said it was no part of the war to interfere
with "slavery, and up to the beginning, and
during the war, statesmen denounced it apolo-
getically. Even Congress raised a rainpart tor
its protection by an apologetic resolution that
