186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2871-
action to the rebels, when we placed General
Grant at the head to plan the battle of loyalty
without consulting the rebels, we won. Now
we propose to plant our own batteries, stay in
our own camp, and drive the enemy from his.
I have nothing more to say to the Senator ;
but I hope he will let me plead with him not
to trample all the people of Wisconsin in the
dust. Save some of us; spare the women and
'children at least.
Mr. CONKLING obtained the floor.
Mr. DOOUTTLE. I hope the Senator
will allow me to say a word by way of answer
to the point of the Senator from Nevada. I
shall take but a moment. The Senator speaks
of these gentlemen as being disloyal to the
Union ; and therefore, with the permission of
the Senator from New York, I will read what
they say themselves on that subject:
"It is said—and by frequent repetition you are
made to believe it true—that the negroes and self-
styled loyalists cannot have justice and are unsafe
among us, and that we are still in a state of rebellion.
The chaises are false. Ever since the war ended our
courts and upright judges in them have administered
justice as impartially as anywhere else in the land,
and toward the negroes, (who aided the South as
cheerfully whilo within the confederate lines as they
afterward aided the northern armies when and where
they had power,) we have been, both irom inclina-
tion and interest, humane and kind. The slanderers
who say otherwise are of those who are seeking to
enslave us with your aid. They arrogate to them-
selves the majesty of the Government of the United
States, and call our opposition to them in their
nefarious schemes to impose upon us here a new a^nd
unheard of despotism—disloyalty to the United
States."'
That is what they say for themselves.
Mr. SUMNEli. Before the Senator from
New York proceeds, I desire to correct an
error into which the Senator from Wisconsin
has fallen with reference to one of his author-
ities. He leans confidently upon Mr. Perry
as a loyal man.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My information is that
he is.
Mr. SUMNER. He says now that he does.
I interrupted him to say he was mistaken. I
have at home a document signed by him offi-
cially in the course of the war showing him at
the time to be an officeholder under the rebel-
lion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. "What office?
Mr. SUMNER. I think he was commis-
sioner for ■ impressments in the rebel service ;
and he is the man whose authority is invoked
by the Senator!
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from New
York [Mr. Coxkling] informs me that he
was a member of the Legislature, but I under-
stand he was opposed to secession, though a
member of the Legislature, and with_ some
others in the Legislature he strove to bring the
war to an end.
Mr. SUMNER. I am trying to correct the
Senator. I have said he was an officeholder
during the rebellion, a commissioner for im-
pressments. Now, there is something more,
ihavehere an extract from the Charleston Mer-
cury of May 30, 1861, containing a speech of
B. F. Perry, at Greenville, South Carolina,
May 20, 1801, from which I take the following
words :
"I give my son, two Worses, a negro boy, and fifty
dollars to Brooke's cavalry, and will give my own
services to the confederate cause whenever they may
be required."
The date is May 20, 1861. Is not that man
a rebel ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is possible I maybe
mistaken.
Mr. SUMNER. In tlie man?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No ; in relation to the
position he held ; but I will examine the ques-
tion further, and then I will settle it with the
honorable Senator on another occasion. My
information was that he was a Union man
opposed to secession.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I have
sought the iloor foi'the purpose of saying a
word in reply to the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wii.sox.] Earnest and
positive as lie always is, he is positive in noth-
ing more than in matters relating to thesubject
of reconstruction. It has long been his habit
to be so ; and he evinces a zeal which is cer-
tainly commendable unless it is turned invidi-
ously upon some of his fellows. I have heard
him several times speak in this Chamber in
very strong terms of denunciation of the law
as it stood until a recent repealing act, and
which law interposes now an objection to the
State of Alabama. I have never heard him
until to-day, and I listened with surprise when
I heard him to-day, denounce that law as one
so gross, so palpable, and, to use a word of
his, self-evidently obnoxious to propriety that
he felt justified in exclaiming, "Who can defend
a provision like that?': outraging, as he said
it did, two or three principles which he stated.
Mr. President, I can defend it. I had taken
leave to say, in the hearing of the Senator
before he made that statement, that I did
defend it; that again to-day, or to-morrow,
with the same lights before me, I would vote
as I voted then, for it; and I can assign my
reasons for that, which would combat the
allegation that it violates these principles of
which the Senator speaks.
But, Mr. President, what will be the surprise
of the Senate to be reminded that the Senator
himself voted for this law. I do not think there
can be any mistake about that. He voted for
the bill of which this is a provision. The Sena-
tor says, " of course.'' He voted for the bill
then in spite of this provision ; did lie?
Mr. WILSON. I fought that provision and
made at least half a dozen speeches against it.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, if I was disposed
to be dramatic I would say, " I thank thee,
Jew, for teaching me that word." Mr. Presi-
dent, he not only voted for the bill with this
provision in it, but he voted specifically for the
provision itself upon the test vote on the yeas
and nays.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator is mistaken
about that.
Mr. CONKLING. We shall see whether I
am mistaken. The Senator from Vermont,
not now in his seat [Mr. Edmunds] offered
this provision :
"The constitution shall be ratified by a majority
of the votesot the electors, qualified as herein speci-
fied, ease atsaid election, atleastone halt of all the
registered voters voting upon the question."
That was the proposition. The Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Tbumbull,] who hears me, made
a struggle against it, as the record shows. So
did the Senator lVom Indiana, [Mr. Mortox,]
who, therefore, did not exhibit, like my friend
from Massachusetts, the zeal of a neophyte to-
day when he again denounced it. But how
stands the record upon the vote?
"Mr. Bdhcnds. Let us vote on this."
When a proposition to postpone was made.
"Mr. Teumbull, and others. We can set through
to-night as well as at any other time.
"The Presidknt vro tempore. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Vermont.
"Mr. ionuNDS called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—yeas
21, nays IS; as follows."
And among the yeas, among the affirmative
votes thus cast for this proposition, standing
naked and isolated by itself, is the conspicuous
name of the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts. Now, Mr. President, he had good
reasons 
Mr. WILSON.
it if von do not. .
Mr. CONKLING. I certainly will explain
the whole, if I have not done so. I do not
think there is any more to explain until you
turn over to the report of the committee of
conference which contains this also, and for
which the honorable Senator voted. It is pos-
sible the Senator refers to this by his term •'all
of it." Preceding this in the debate was a
proposition that not only a majority of all the
registered votes should be cast, but cast in
favor of the proposition. That was the first
proposition. That the honorable Senator
opposed with great zeal and with very copious
reasons; and I remember, aside from the
record, very well what he said. As a com-
promise afterward, a common groundupon
which a majority, at least, could meet, it was
proposed to provide, not that a majority should
I can explain the whole of
vote upon the affirmative side of the proposi-
tion, but that at least one half of the elective
population, as ascertained by registration,
should haveahand in setting up governments;
and for that proposition, standing alone and
by itself, and not attached to any other por-
tion of the bill, I repeat that my honorable
friend did vote.
'Mr. President, he had good reasons for doing
it. He had good reasons in answer to this
summons, this challenge which he vaunts,
" how can anybody defend a provision like
this?" These, I undertake to gay, were two
of his reasons, withoutstopping to give others:
we were setting up a military government; as
his colleague expressed it, a government based
upon the bayonet, I think was his very phrase.
It was au anomaly; it was a pioneer experi-
ment, and a very extraordinary one in a repub-
lican government. Men shrank from it; men
trembled at its consideration. One of the first
safeguards which occurred to practical minds
considering this subject was the importance
of so arranging that it should not be charged
truly, or even plausibly, that the bayonet not
only had governed .these States as provinces,
but that the bayonet had brought into exist-
ence permanent governments based upon the
assent of only a traction of the people, based
upon proceedings in which participation was
had only by a minority of the people, and there-
fore it was first thought that there should be a
majority in favor of the governments which
were to be set up ; but the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts and others argued, and argued so
successfully as to convince the Senate against
that. But then it was said, let us at least have
one quarter of the elective population of the
States in favor of it, and let us at least estab-
lish a provision which shall require one half
of those, atter deducting all the disfranchised,
whose names are borne upon the roll. With-
out amplifying this, it will be seen by Senators,
and they will recall the tact, that it had great
weight in the consideration.
But there was another reason, and a reason
which no doubt, looking to the future of these
States, bore as strongly with my fiieud as the
reason which I have assigned. This was au
act enabling these communities to vote not
only, but enabling these communities to be
registered also: and I beg the attention of the
Senator irom Massachusetts to this one sugges-
tion, which is the only one with which I shall
trouble the Senate in answer to his challenge
about advocating such a measure. 1 say this
was a bill designed not only to enable voting
to take place, but to enable registration, to
establish registration lists which should allow
to come to the ballot-box all those to whom
we intended to extend the ballot. Now, sir,
does not everybody see that if the provision
had been originally that one half ot the votes
east should control at the election the strongest
possible inducement would have been offered
to the enemies of reconstruction, to rebels of
all shades and denominations, to prevent the
negroes being registered ? Does not everybody
see that the smaller the register was kept and
the more it was confined to rebels the more
certain it would be that the majority of votes
cast would also cast the die in the end? Every-
body must see this, and seeing it, everybody
will see, also, that the most effectual thing to be
done in this regard was to offer to the loyal
population the opportunity and inducement to
be registered, and at the same time to offer to
the rebels the strongest possible inducement
to permit the loyal people to register and to
aid them in doing so, because if the registra-
tion was swollen, if it came up to the full truth
of the matter, it would give of course to tha
rebels who sought to defeat the constitution
the more hope that less than one halt ot this
vote thus registered might find its way mto tho
ballot-box. , , „
No®, Mr. President, without detaining tne
Senate any further, I submit to the honorable
Senator that here were two gooa reasons which
justified my honorable friend from Illinois
[Mr Yates] in the remarks that he made,
