464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
the misconduct of public men, or. in other words,
from the abuse or violation of some public trust.
They are of a nature which nrty, with peculiar pro-
priety, be denominated political, a* thev relate chiefly
to injuries done immediately to the society itself."
Turning to the. sages of the law who wrote
in the early time, we find the declared object
of the fathers of the Constitution crystallized
into law in the text books. Judge Story, in
his Commentaries on the Constitution, lays
down the law thus: *
"The offices to which the power of impeachment
has been and is ordinarily applied ns a remedy are
of a political character. Not but that crimes of a
strictly legal character fall within the scope of the
power, but that it has a inoro enlarged operation,
and reaches what arc aptly termed political offences
growing out of personal misconduct, or props nesrleet,
or usurpation, or h.ibitua) disregard^ of the public
interests in the discharge of the duties of political
ofiice. These arc so various in their character and
so indefinable in their actual involutions that'it is
almost impossible to provide for them bypn-dtive
law. They must be examined on very broad and
comprehensive principles of policy aud duty."—Vol.
2, sec. 7G4.
Judge Story again says that—
14 The Congress of the United States has itself un-
hesitatingly adopted the conclusion thatno previous
statute is necessary to authorize an impeachment
for any official misconduct, and the rules of proceed-
ing and the rules of evidence, as well the princi-
ples of decision, have been uniformly regulated by
the known doctrines of the common law and parlia-
mentary usage."
And in accordance with this is the language
of Mr. Rawle, in his Treatise on the Constitu-
tion, page 19. He remarks :
"Its foundation is that a subject intrusted with
the administration of public affairs may sometimes
infringe the rights of the people, and be guilty of
such crimes as the ordinary magistrates either dare
not or cannot punish." The delegation of import-
ant trusts affecting the higher interests of society is
always, from various causes, liable to abuse. The
fondness frequently felt for the individual extension
of power; the influence of party and prejudice; the
seductions of foreign States, or the baser appetite for
illegitimate emolument, are sometimes productive
of what are not inaptly termed political offense?, ,
. which it would be difficult to take cognizance of in tlie j
ordinary course of judicial proceedings." Besides, I
** the involutions and varieties of vice are too many
and too artful to be anticipated by positive law, and
sometimes too subtle and mysterious to be fully de-
tected in the limited period of ordinary investiga-
tion."
And again, page 204:
" The legitimate causes of impeachment carf%)nly
have roMrence to public character and official duty."
But the chairman of the Judiciary Commit-
tee contends that as a matter of law the Pres-
ident can only be impeached for such offenses
as have been declared "high crimes and mis-
demeanors" by an act of Congress, ignoring
the common law which is our birthright and
the foundation of our whole national jurispru- j
dence. His views are in deadly conflict with I
the law as quoted above, the designs of the
fathers, the objects of the Constitution, the
teachings of contemporaneous history, and the j
precedents already established by the Senate I
of the United States, from whose final decision
there is no appeal. That Senate have tried
several persons who have been impeached and
convicted—one, at least, who was not charged
with any offense known to the statutes of the
Union.
To establish further the fallacy of the posi-
tion that the President is not impeachable
except for treason or bribery or some crime
or misdemeanor that is made such by act of
Congress, I will again advert to the words
of the fathers of the Constitution.
In the Virginia convention of 1788 (see
Elliott's State Conventions, volume two, Vir-
ginia, page 358) Edmund Randolph, in com-
menting upon the clause in the Constitution
prohibiting officers from accepting any "pres-
ent or emolument" from any "king, prince,
or foreign State," said that if the President
received any such emolument "he may be im-
peached." It was not put upon the ground
of bribery, for the President may or may not
be guilty of bribery iu accepting such " emol-
ument," but it was put upon the distinct
ground that the President would be impeach-
able if he violated this provision itself.
In the same convention (see page 867, sJtme
j book) Mr. Mason objected to the President
having the pardoning power, and said:
"Now I conceive that the President ought not to
have the pardoning power, because he may frequently
pardon crimes that were advised by himself."
Jatues Madison, in reply, said:
" There is one security in this case to which the
eentlcman m.iy not have advi-ucd; if the President
be connectcd in any suspicious mannorwith any per-
son, and there be grounds to believe ho will shelter
himself, the House of representatives can intneach
him."
Again, iu the same convention, (ibid., page
808.) Mr. Mason objected to the mode of mak-
ing treaties, namely, by the President, and
concurred in by two thirds of the Senators
present. He said:
"Suppose a partial treaty is made by the President
and is to be ratitied bytheSenate, thuydo not always
sit who is to convene them; the Pre-tdent, is it pre-
sumable that he will call distant States to make the
ratitieation.ortlioseStates heknewwould boinjured
by the treaty he had proposed V"
Mr. Madison—
" thought it astonishing that gentlemen should think
that a treaty could bo got with surprise, or that for-
eign nations should be solicitous to get a treaty only
ratified by the Senator of a few States.
_" Were tho President to commit anything so atro-
cious as to summon only alow States he would be
impeached and convicted, as a majority of the States
would be affected by his misdemeanor."
Here you have made a case which is not a
crime or misdemeanor by any act of Congress,
and you also ascertain the great expounder's
idea of what the word " misdemeanor " meant
as used in the Constitution. It clearly means
any grave breach of official trust, such as the
one here referred* to, or the ones previously
cited of improperly using the pardoning power
and receiving emoluments from foreign na-
tions.
These definitions of impeachable offenses by
Randolph and Madison passed unchallenged
in the ablest State convention ever held in
this country, where Patrick Henry, James
Monroe, and George Mason, on the one hand,
opposed the adoption by Virginia of the Fed-
eral Constitution, and James Madison, Ed-
mund Randolph, Edmund Pendleton, and John
Marshall, on the other hand, favored its adop-
tion ; and when every provision of the great
instrument was subject to the sharpest criti-
cism and most elaborate discussion.
Will the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee tell me under what law of Congress
the three offenses above referred to are made
crimes or misdemeanors or impeachable of-
fenses, and, if under none, will he now say
that Edmund Randolph and-James Madison
were mistaken when they called these acts
impeachable; that they did not understand the
Constitution ; but that it was reserved for the
minority of this committee, in the year of
grace 1807, to construe the Constitution for
them and set them right?
Sir, the President must do his duty under his
oath, execute the law, do all for and nothing
against the public weal, and above all he must
confine himself to his own duties, and not lay
a ruthless hand upon the prerogatives of any
other branch of the Government, for that is
usurpation, and, says the President himself, in
his recent message:
"If the authority we desire to use does not come
to us through tho Constitution we can exercise it
only by usurpation; and usurpation is the most dan-
gerous of political crimes. By that erimo the ene-
mies of tree government in all ages have worked out
theirdesigns against public liberty and privateright.
It leads directly and immediately to the establish-
ment of absolute rule, for undelegated power is
always unlimited and unrestrained."
"Out of his own mouth will I condemn him."
But, say some gentlemen, suppose the law
and the facts are as you contend—" is it after
all expedient to impeach the President; he has
but about a year to serve, and Congress is the
master of the situation."
Sir, I think it is always expedient to do right,
to vindicate the law and punish public offen-
ders. It is the pride and boast of our country
that under our tree institutions no man is so
high as to be above justice, none so low as to
be beneath it. Sir, I would punish the Com-
mander-in-Chief for a violation of duty as soon,
ay, sooner, than I would the poor sentinel that
sleeps at his post or the homesick boy that
deserts to visit his kindred.
I would punish the great magistrate clothed
with kingly power for a breach of his official
duty as soon as I would the humblest magis-
trate in the land for a breach of his ; the higher
the crim p.al the more pernicious the example,
the more disastrous the crime.
I fear, sir, that Congress is not "master of
the situation." I think to a great extent the
President is; he seems to prevent to a great
extent the execution-of your laws. While lie
does not profess openly to oppose them, he
encourages others to do so; he delays recon-
struction, at lea-^t. A year is a long time in
this burning crisis. The world moves rapidly
now, and centuries of progress seem crowded
into a single hour. If the President by indi-
rect methods delays reconstruction until the
people, weary of the struggle, surrender to his
"policy" and all is lost, you have only your-
selves and your weak, timid, time-serving ex-
pediency to thank for it.
He, under the fear of impeachment, first
appointed good aod true men to execute the
reconstruction acts, but when that fear van-
ished lie removes them from office and ap-
points in the ir places the creatures of his
will; he snubs Grant and removes the daunt-
less hero of A .'inchester, strikes off the epau-
lettes from the hobbling Sickles, and now
Pope and Ord share their fate.
In defiance of your " tenure-of-office " bill
he removes from the War Department the
peerless Stanton, who was so great and clear
in his high office that when all his calumniat-
ors and detractors of to-day are buried and
forgotten his name will shine forth on the
brightest page of history as the greatest war
minister of any age or country.
Sir, this is not a contest between this Con-
gress and Andrew Johnson alone ; the issue
rises higher than the men and measures of
the present time. It is the first time in our'
country's history that the President has at-
tempted to usurp the prerogatives of Congress,
and in the contest the President triumphs and
Congress succumbs.
Sir, this is, in my judgment, a jnost serious
question; one that will go into history ; and
its influence will reach far down the tide pf
time to other men and other generations, when
popular rights may again be in danger and
through executive usurpation may be over-
thrown.
When we consider the framework of our
Government the most cautious and apprehen-
sive cannot anticipate that Congress will ever
be able to overthrow the liberties of the peo-
ple. Congress is composed of too many per-
sons, there is too much conflict of will and
interest in two bodies containing in the aggre-
gate several hundred men, representing, as they
do, so many different views and interests. The
unity of purpose aud will essential to so great
an undertaking as changing the form of our
government will be wanting. No danger can
be apprehended from the Supreme Court; but
the Executive, represented by a single will,
prompted by a single ambition, clothed with
such vast power of patronage, which is con-
stantly to increase as the country grows in
wealth and population, operating upon what is
too often the case—a subservient Congress—
may in time seize the prerogatives of the other
two branches of the Government, and thus,
blending all in one, vesting supreme power in
himself, having the command of the "Army
and the Navy," crush out public liberty, and
under the pretense of serving the nation rear
a throne upon the rains of his country.
Then, indeed, will be realized the dismal
prophecy of Patrick Henry (when commenting
upon the executive power given in the Consti-
tution in the Virginia convention, from whose
proceedings I have quoted) in one of his im-
passioned bursts of eloquence be exclaimed:
"Away with your President; weshallliave a king;
the Army will salute him monarch.'.' * * *
* ' What then will become of you and your rights ?
Will not absolate despotism exist?"
