348
APPENDIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 11,
Senate.
Representation in Congress—Mr. Yates.
40th Cons....2d Sjss.
it could not be interfered with, and that it was
no part or purpose of the war to put it down.
Behind the toarapets of judicial decisions, and
clothed with the imperial panoply of law and
precedent, it stood impregnably and defiantly
secure. The cry from all the hustings was "the
question is settled."
But, Mr. President, it perished with the
rebelliort. Brightest among the trophies of the
war is slavery destroyed and the supremacy of
the slave power annihilated. In America, all,
thank God, are free.
And yet, sir, when the proposition is intro-
duced here to append a fundamental condition
to tile admission of a State, and that funda-
mental condition is to be in aid of human rights,
we are told that that is an old question, and has
long been settled.
We now have a new rule. Freedom is now
the rule, and slavery the exception. It is now
settled that all Constitutions, laws, usages, and
precedents, andallconstructionsagainst human
liberty, are but cobwebs, to be swept away, in
the march of events, with the institution of
slavery in aid of which they were set up and
established. Whatever may be the precedents
or the rule of construction heretofore, it is now
settled that all future constructions are to be
given in favor of liberty and the extension of
the rights of all men.
How long will it take statesmen to learn that
nothing is to be considered as settled which is
not settled upon the principles of right, truth,
justice, and liberty?
The Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bcck-
alew] says that, as " this question has been
settled from the foundation of the Government
to the present time, surely no man can be hardy
enough to question it." My colleague [Mr.
Trumbull] says that all such conditions are
inoperative and void.
Air. President, when the other day I referred
to Some illustrations showing the applicability
of the ordinance of 1787, and of the Missouri
compromise of 1820, the Senator from New
York [Mr. Conki.ing] said I was exceedingly
unlucky in introducing those precedents. Sir,
the bad luck is on his side. The bad luck is
on the side of any man who now, in the altered
State of things in this day of emancipation,
casts bis vote against a fundamental condition
by which the rights of every American citizen
are recognized and secured. Suppose that
condition was inoperative, as the Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Stewart] very justly asked,
"what harm could there be in it?" Would
it weaken the Constitution to require the peo-
ple, through their Legislature, to give their
assent to such a condition? Such consent
would be in the nature of a compact, and the
idea of good faith would enter into it, to last
during all the generations of the people of the
State. The word of a great State must be
kept. With a bad grace could the State ever
attempt to alter this great fundamental corner-
stone-of the institutions of the State.
Mr. President, upon the subject of the power
to impose these conditions the argument of the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmcsps] has not
been answered, and cannot be answered. The
precedents which he offered are to the point,
andthey sustain the power of Congress over
the subject. I shall bo able to show, during this
argument, that every Senator who has voted for
imposing this* condition upon Nebraska and
upon Alabama has positively committed him-
self to the power of Congress over the question
of suffrage in all the States. Senators may as
well consider this. They are committed to the
principle ; their mouths are closed ; they can-
not explain away this committal; no technical
quibbles will avail them. You cannot say by
your votes that the State shall never have power
to change its constitution in regard to suffrage,
and yet say that Congress has not the power
over the question of suffrage in the States.
Every Senator upon this floor who has com-
mitted himself by his vote in favor of imposing
a condition preventing the States from changing
their constitution so as to exclude a large por-
tion of the people from suffragehas asserted
the power of Congress, the unlimited power
of Congress, over the subject of suffrage in the
States. And it will not do at all for Senators,
when they, by their votes, have appended to
the Nebraska and Colorado bills a fundamental
condition prohibiting those States from disfran-
chising their citizens, to say now that it has been
settled that Congress has no power over the ques-
tion- of suffrage.
But, sir, I referred to the ordinance of 1787,
not simply because Congress had the power
to pass that ordinance, but to show the salu-
tary effects of fundamental conditions, such
as the bill before us proposes, on the future
of a State. What I asserted was, that the
ordinance of 1787 did keep slavery out of the
Northwestern Territory. Those five States,
which were carved out of the Northwestern
Territory, would have been slave States, inevit-
ably slave States, but for the effect of the
ordinance of 1787. The slave emigration
which went to Missouri would, at least one half
of it, have gone to Illinois and the other west-
ern States: and instead of this ordinance being
inoperative, as contended by the Senator
from New York, it was regarded as having
almost the sanction of a constitutional provision.
All petitions to Congress to suspend the opera-
tions of the ordinance, even temporarily,
failed. It is a historical fact that slave-owners
who emigrated to Illinois in many instances
hired out their slaves in Missouri, fearing that
if taken to Illinois, they would become free by
operation of the ordinance. So troublesome
did the slaves hired out in Missouri, by resi-
dents of Illinois, become, that the Legislature
of Missouri, not being able to reach the owners,
passed a law, making the resident agents of the
owners responsible for the mischiefs they com-
mitted.
When the people of Illinois came to adopt
their constitution, they declared in thepreamble,
that it was made consistent with the ordinance
of 1787, and provided in the constitution
against the future existence of slavery in the
State. All efforts to amend the constitution
so as to admit slavery, failed, all that has
been said to the contrary notwithstanding. I
say, that the people held in high estimation
this condition prohibiting slavery. As they
regarded the title to their homesteads ; as they
regarded the Declaration of Independence; as
they regarded their right to worship God :
so they regarded that ordinance, which made
their prairies the home of freemen, and which
dedicated the Northwestern Territory to free-
dom and free institutions.
And sir, what has been the effect? Under
that ordinance those Sve Territories became
free States, and the power of this continent is
there; they are running their lace to glory, and
inspired by the energizing power of free labor
and free institutions they have taken theii posi-
tion, and already of themselves, constitute an
empire.
When I referred to the Missouri compro-
mise, I did it to show that that compromise had
the effect to keep slavery out of the territory
north of the parallel of 36° 30' north latitude.
Will any Senator deny that, in the absence of
that ordinance, slavery would have entered
into those Territories, under the State-rights
doctrine that slave property could go. under
the constitution and the laws, into any State or
Territory of the United States ?_ That compro-
mise you may now call a foolish tiling: but
the Senator from Maryland [Mr. Johnson]
veil! remember that Mr. Clay said of it, the
bells rang, the cannons were fired, and every
demonstration of joy was made throughout the
Republic, on account of the passage of the
Missouri compromise. You remember Mr.
Douglas said, though afterward lie attempted
to break it down: ''That it was acoinpromise
akin to the Constitution ; that it had its origin m
the hearts of patriotic men of all sections of the
country, and was canonized in the_ hearts of
the American people as a sacred thing, which
no ruthless hand would ever dare to disturb.
This was the effect of that compromise. Sla-
very could not enter that Territory. This eom-
prorflise stood as a wall against slave immigra-
tion, and protected those Territories from the
blighting curse of human bondage.
It is said by the gentlemen who contend that
theSe fundamental conditions are null and void,
that the condition which was imposed on Mis-
souri ia 1821 was all right enough It seems
that in the adoption of her constitution, one
clause excluded the immigration of free ne-
groes into the State. Congress put a condition
in the act of admission which provided, that
nothing in that clause should be so construed
as to interfere with, or deprive citizens of the
United States of their rights. This it is admit-
ted was a good condition, and why ? Because
it prevented the State of Missouri ever after-
ward from violating the Constitution of the
United States, by the exclusion of citizens of
the United States frorn^ entering that State.
Now, sir, our argument is this: that this con-
dition, which we offer to impose upon the
States which are to be restored to their full
relations in this Union, is to prevent the State
from violating the Constitution of the United
States, in that most important and vital of all
points, the depriving a whole race of their
right of suffrage, and other rights under the
Constitution.
The doctrine for which I contend is, that
Congress has the right and the power to
enforce bylaws " necessary and proper," in
the language of the Constitution, a republican
government in every State of the United States,
whether that State is to be received into the
Union, or is already in the Union. The power
to establish republican governments devolves
upon Congress in the last resort. In the first
instance, it may be committed to the States ;
but Congress has the revisory power. _ Con-
gress, under the Constitution, is^ required to
guaranty to every State in the Union a repub-
lican form of government. Then the conclud-
ing clause of the eighth section of the first
article of the Constitution declares, that Con-
gress shall have authority to carry into effect
all the enumerated powers of the Constitution,
by passing laws necessary and proper for that
purpose, and also shall have power to pass
■all laws necessary and proper to carry into
effect any power vested in the Government of
the United States, or in any department or
officer thereof. The power is vested in, and
the duty imposed upon, Congress of guaranty-
ing to each State, a republican form of govern-
ment, and Congress is authorized, and, in fact,
required, by necessary and proper laws, to
carry into execution that guarantee.
This doctrine is not at all startling when
Senators look at the ground whereon they
stand, and see how they have already commit-
ted themselves, and consider what immeas-
urable benefits will flow to the people of this
country, by settling the question of slavery and
all its incidents by taking the question of suf-
frage out of the arena of American politics,
by settling it upon principles just and fair to
every section of the Union, by placing each
State upon an equal footing with every other
State, and each citizen of the United States
upon an equal footing with every other citizen
of the United States. Sir. when this doctrine
can be sustained upon such clear demonstra-
tion. it ought not to startle Senators.
Mr. President, it has been said sarcastically,
that upon this question, the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumkeh] is radical. It is
said to me, that I follow in the wake of the
Senator from Massachusetts. Sir, I do not
follow in any man's wake ; but I do not object
to tins accusation. I do not deem it a reproach
to be a (ii-'Cipie of that distinguished Senator,
the worthy lepresentative of that grand old
