2872
THE 'CO^&RISSTOFAL GLOB®.
Juiie 5.
that the wisdom of this measure is not to be
weighed by considerations as they stand now,
but by considerations as they stood then. We
are to look at it in the light of surrounding
circumstances as they then were; and putting
ourselves back where we stood then, 1 think
we shall all be able to see that the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, and those upon"
whom he reflected so severely, whether by in-
tention or riot, had very firm foundations under
their feet when they stood upon this provision.
Mr. CONNESS. It is now too late to con-
tinue this discussion this evening, and there-
fore I move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator will allow me
to say a single word before that is done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion for an executive session.
Mr. WILSON. 1 will give way until to-
morrow.
Mr. CONNESS. I will give way long enough
to allow the Senator to tal^ the floor for the
morning.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
Mr. CONNESS. Now, sir, I renew the
motion for an executive session, the Senator
from Massachusetts having the floor.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that will not be
done. I desire to have an executive session,
if the Senate will give it to me. It will not
occupy a very long time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is it to consider a
treaty ?
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I withdraw my
motion ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to adjourn beingwithdrawn, the question recurs
on .the motion of the Senator from California,
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIYES.
Friday, June 5, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The reading of the Journal of yesterday's
proceedings was, by unanimous consent, dis-
pensed with.
report of oene114l james f. rushng.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to this House tho report, of Brevet
Brigadier General James I'\ Rusting, inspector in
quartermaster's department, to the Quartermaster
General tor the year ending the 30th of June, 1867.
patj5nt office report.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on
Printing, reported the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That there be printed fifteen thousand
extra copies of the report of the Commissioner of
Patent,?; ten thousand for tho use of the House, and
five thousand for the Commissioner.
report 01? george w. brega.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the same committee,
also reported the following resolution:
Remised, That there be printed two thousand five
hundred copies of the letters of the Secretary of tho
Treasury, together with the report of George \V.
Brega. relating to the trade with British JJorth Amer-
ican Provinces; two thousand for the use of the
House, and five hundred for the Treasury Depart-
ment.
Mr. HARDING. I hope the House will not
adopt this resolution to print a mere partisan
report, a one-sided report on a question which
involves the welfare of the country. It is an
argument for a new reciprocity treaty undsr the
pretense of a letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury. I have read the document. The
House can inform itself on the subject without
being lectured by a partisan of reciprocity.
Mr. BLAINE. I agree with the gentleman
from Illinois, and I hope it will not be printed.
Mr. LAFLIN. The House cannot expect
the committee to read all the documents re-
ferred to them. This is the report of a special
commissioner appointed by the Secretary of
the Treasury to investigate this subject.
Mr. BLAINB. What will be the cost?
Mr. LAFLIN. About seventy-five dollars
per thousand.
Mr. BLAINE. About three hundred dol-
lars.
Mr. LAFLIN. It is already printed and in
type, and these extra copies will cost only $167.
I demand the previous question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
30, nays 20 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. LAFLIN. I withdraw the report for
the present.
smithsonian report.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the same committee,
also reported the following resolution :
Resolved, That there bo printed five thousand extra
copies of the report of the Smithsonian Institution,
three thousand for the House and two thousand for
the institution: the same to be stereotyped at the
expense heretofore provided for.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is this the whole number?
Mr. LAFLIN. It is.
The resolution was adopted.
coast survey report.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the same committee,
reported the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That there bo printed twenty-five hun-
dred extra copies of the roport of the superintend-
ent of the United States Coast Survey, onothousand
for the superintendent, and fifteen hundred for the
House.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the votes
by which the several resolutions were adopted ;
and- also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. BLAINE. I submit the following priv-
ileged report.
The Clerk read as follows :
The committee of confcrence on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on tho amendments to House
bill No. 658, making appropriations tor tho support
of the Army for the year ending June 30, 1869, and
for other purposes, having met, after full and freo
conference, have agreed to recommend, and do rec-
ommend to their respective Houses, as follows :
That the House recede from ^disagreement to the
first, second, third, fourth, and sixth amendments of
the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from so much of its fifth
amendment as proposes to insert in lieu of the words
stricken out, and agree to said amendment as so
m0dlfi6d' .TAMES BLAINE,
CHARLES E. PHELPS,
JAMES A. GARFIliLD,
Managers on the part of the House,
L. M. MORRILL,
HENRY WILSON,
T. O. HOWE,
Managers on the part of the Senate,
Mr. BROOKS. This is like all conference
reports, not understood by anybody except
those who make them. I should like to have
an explanation of it.
Mr. BLAINE. We covered into the Treas-
ury all outstanding appropriations belonging
to the Surgeou General's department. The
Senate amended that, excepting the appropria-
tions made March 2, 1807, $70,000 for artifi-
cial limbs for soldiers, and $10,000 for Army
Medical Museum. The House agree to that.
The sccond amendment is to insert after the
word "hereby" the word "directed to be;''
so that it will read " hereby directed to bo cov-
ered into the Treasury."
The third amendment is to insert after the
word " Treasury " the words " at the close of
the fiscal year;" so that the money shall be
covered on the last day of that month instead
of the day when tho bill is approved.
The fourth amendment of the Senate is to
strike out tho appropriation," for expenses of
the signal service, $5,000." The committee
on the part of the House yielded to that, and
agreed to strike it out.
Tho fifth amendment of the Senate was to
insert the following:
That from the small a ppropriation for each of the
several items contained in this act there be deducted
the unexpended balance for such items which may
remain in the Treasury on the 30th of June, 1868.
That covered into the Treasury these items
by limitation. It was thought that there might
be more items; so the Senate receded from
that amendment.
The sixth amendment of the Senate was to
add the following section:
That of the appropriation of 860,000 for publishing:
thomedical and surgical history of the rebellion and
tho medical statistics and of the Provost Marshal
General's office made in an act approved July 28,
1866, $30,000 shall be devoted to the appropriation
and publication of five thousand copies of the medi-
cal statistics of the Provost Marshal General's
Bureau, and that the work shaU be compiled by
Assistant Medical Purveyor J. H. Baxter, under the
immediate direction of the Secretary osf War, and
without the interference of any other officer.
This is to carry out a provision in the appro-
priation bill of July 28, 1867, and is really to
adjust a matter of dispute between two officers
in the medical bureau. It does not make any
fresh appropriation and it finishes the work.
With this explanation I call for a vote oa
the report of the committee of conference.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on-the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
recovery of confederate property.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I rise to
a privileged question. I call up the motion to
reconsider the motion made on the 23d of
April last to print a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury in reply to a resolu-
tion of the House of the 26th of November
last relative to certain efforts of that Depart-
ment for the recovery of confederate property
in Europe. I call up the motion merely for
the purpose of making another motion to print
only so much of the report as is in manuscript.
There is a large mass of printed matter which
it is unnecessary to print. It will only create
an unnecessary expense. Therefore if the
motion to reconsider prevails I shall then make
the motion to print only that which is in man-
uscript.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to ; and
the House then ordered that only the part in
manuscript be printed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, moved to
reconsider the vote just taken ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
morning hour.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order in the
morning hour is the call of the committees for
reports of a private nature, commencing with
the Committee on tho Judiciary.
thomas h. stevens.
Mr. FERRY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back a joint resolution (H.
Ii. No. 172) relative to Captain Thomas H.
Stevens, of the United States Navy, recom-
mending its passage.
The resolution authorizes the President of
the United States to nominate for advancement,
and, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to advance Captain Thomas H. Ste-
vens not exceeding twenty-one numbers on the
list of captains in the Navy, for gallant, faith-
ful, and efficient service during the war of the
rebellion.
Mr. FERRY". The Committee on Naval
Affairs having given this case a thorough ex-
amination, have unanimously instructed me to
report this resolution, fhste&d of occupying
the time of the House by reading the report
already printed in the case, I will state that
under the act of July 25, I860, the Secretary
of the Navy was authorized to make promo-
tions in the several grades of the Navy, and to
