1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Representation in Congress—Mr. Yates.
SEJSW/EB.
Commonwealth " where American liberty-
raised its first voice."
For a quarter of a century that Senator [Mr.
Sumner] has been the fearless champion of
human rights. He has occupied the advanced
guard, the outpost in the army of progress.
Triumphant over calumny and unawed by
personal violence, with a keen, prophetic eye
upon the great result to be attained, with
the scimeter of truth and justice in his hand,
and the banner of the Union over his head,
he has pressed onward to the goal of final
victory. Although yet in the vigor of his
manhood, he has lived to see the small baud of
pioneers who stood by him swollen to mighty
millions. His views have already been embraced
and lauded as the wisest statesmanship. They
have been written upon the very frontispiece
of the age in which he lives; written in the
history of the mighty events which are trans-
piring around us ; written in the constitutions
and the laws, both national and State, of his
country. Where he stood yesterday other
statesmen stand to-day. Where he stands in
1868 other statesmen will stand in 1872. Say
what we may, there are none in this country
who can contest the right of his tall plume to
wave at the head of freedom's all-conquering
hosts.
Mr. President, I wish it understood that X do
not antagonize the Chicago platform. The
ground that 1 take is in entire accord and har-
mony with it. That platform says what 1 do,
that the question of suffrage belongs to the
States—so I say, that the question ot suffrage
belongs in the first instance, to the States, but
if the States shall in prescribing the qualifica-
tions of voters so prescribe them as to disfran-
chise a portion of citizens arbitrarily, and thus
render the government anti-republican, then
Congress is required to intervene and make it a
republican form of government.
X confess that recent events, and especially
the course of President Johnson, have satisfied
me that too much reliance is not to be placed
upon mere paper edicts which we style plat-
forms. Measures, not men, was once the doc-
trine, but my doctrine now is: both men and
measures. A good platform in the hands of
bad men is of not much avail. With men of
the unquestioned integrity, wise statesmanship,
and lofty patriotism of Grant and Colfax, we
can trust the helm of the ship of State, and feel
secure that no narrow creeds, but the good of
the people and the prosperity of the Republic,
will be the pillars of fire to lead and guide them
m the administration of the Government.
I consider myself fortunate in being able to
sustain the view of the ease I have taken, by
the strong authority ot Mr. Madison, as set forth
in the Debates of the Virginia Convention, page
261:
" With respect to the other point it was thought
that the regulation of time, place, and manner of
electing the ltepresentativos should bo unitorm
throughout the continent. Some States might regu-
late the elections on the principles ofcfiuahty, and
others might regulate them otherwise. ike diversity
would be obviously uftjutt. Elections are_ regulated
unequally now m some ot the Slates, particularly m
South Carolina, with respcet to Charleston whioii is
represented by thirty members. Should the people
ol any State by any means be deprived ol the n;;ht
of suffrage it was proper that it should be lemedied
by the General Government. It was found impossi-
ble to fix the time, place, and manner of the election
of Representatives in the Constitution. Itwaslounu
necessary to leave the regulation of these m the first
place to the State governments, as being best ac-
attainted with the situation of the people, subject to
the control of the General Government, in order to
enable it to produce uniformity and prevent its own
dissolution. And considering the State government
and Ueneral Government as different bodies, acting
in different and independent capacities, it was
thought the particular regulations should be sub-
mitted to tho former and the general regulations to
the latter. Were they exclusively under the control
ot the state governments, the General Government
migh1" easilv be dissolved. But it they bo regulated
properly by the ritatcLegislatures, the congressional
control will very probably never be exercised.
I add to this the declarations of Alexander
Harailtou, set forth in the following extract
from the Federalist, paper No. b9 :
'* It will, I presume, be as readily conceded, that
there were only three ways in which this power
could have been reasonably organized; that it must
either have been lodged wholly in thenational Legis-
lature, or wholly in the State Legislatures, or primar-
ily in the latter, and ultimately.m the former. The
last mode has with reason been preferred by the con-
vention. They have submitted the regulation of
elections for the Federal Government in the first
instance, to the local administrations; which in ordi-
nary cases, and where no improper views prevail,
maybe both more convenient and more satisfactory;
but they have reserved to the national authority a
right to interfere, whenever extraordinary circum-
stances might render that interposition necessary to
its safety.
"Nothing can be more evident than that an exclu-
sive power of regulating elections for the national
Government, in the hands of the State Legislatures,
would leave the existence of the Union entirely at
their mercy. They could at any moment annihilate
it by neglecting to provide for the choice of persons
to administer its affairs. It is to little purpose to
say, that a neglect or omission of this kind would
not be likely to take place. The constitutional im-
possibility of the thing, without an equivalent for
the risk, isan unanswerable,objection. Nor has any
satisfactory reason been yet assigned for incurring
that risk. The extravagant surmises of a distem-
pered jealousy can never be dignified with that
character. If we are in humor to presume abuses
of power, it is as £air to presume them on the part
of the State governments as on the part of tho Gen-
eral Government. And as it is more consonant to
the rules of a just theory to intrust the Union with
the care of its own existence, than to transfer that
caro to any other hands; if abuses of power are to bo
hazarded on the one side or on the other, it is more
rational to hazard them where the power would
naturally be placed, than where it would unnatur-
ally be placed."
I shall embody in my speech, the positions
assumed by Senators on this floor. For instance,
I refer to the position which was taken by the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] who said
a day or two since :
"I contend that every State has the right to regu-
late the question of suffrage and to amend her con-
stitution in any particular from time to time, so that
it does not cease to be republican in its character.
" Mr. Edmunds. Who is to judge of that?
" Mr. Morton. I suppose that is a question to be
judged of by Congress."
Suppose the State fails to establish a govern-
ment republican in its character, what then?
Who is to judge whether it is republican or anti-
rcpublican? uIsuppose," said he, "that is a
question to be judged of by Congress." My
colleague, [Mr. Trumbull,] while he asserts
the exclusive power in the States over the suf-
frage question, still admits enough for the pur-
poses of this argument:
*' 'Sufficientunto the day is the evil thereof.' When
the times comes that any of the States of this Union
so change their constitutions as to set up something
different from a republican government, the Govern-
ment of the United States may interfere."
He and I may differ as to what may be a
republican form of government, bat that he
commits himself to the power of Congress to
intervene, in case the Slate government is not
republican, is, I think, to be inferred from his
speech.
He says further:
"lam not prepared to say what steps should be
taken in ease the State of Nebraska should hereafter
change its constitution, and in that change adopt a
different rule in regard to suffrage from that which
was recognized at tho time the State was admitted.
Perhaps we could find some way to compel the State
of Nebraska to allow the same persons to vote tnatit
a.greed it would allow to vote when it was admitted [
into the Union ; but wo should have to find that way |
out then; we cannot provide for it now." :
I-Ic acknowledges that perhaps there is power j
somewhere, in cases of failure on the part of j
the State to comply with the condition, and I i
assert, you cannot trace it to any source except
Congress. The remarks of other Senators go
to show that they admit that this revisory
power is in Congress. I read from the same
debate, the views taken by the Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Stewart] and the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Coxklixg:]
''Mr. Stewart. Wo do not pretend to determine
at what point Congress should interfere under the
authority ol the guarantee clause. That will be for
a future Congress when the question comes up. That
there are times when it should interiors tho Senator
from New York now admits.
! " Mr. Conklixg. Certainly.
"Mr. Stewakt. Every man who reads the Con-
| stitution must admit that there may be times when
I the Congress should interfere upon the question of
I sutfraKe."
I Now, sir, here these Senators, who have
asserted that the exclusive power over suffrage
is in the States, admit away their whole case.
They admit fully the power of Congress to
revise the action of the States upon the suf-
frage question. The right to exercise the power
is clearly admitted. Whether it shall exercise
the power to pass all laws which are necessary
and proper to carry into execution this clause
of guaranty, depends upon whether the State
government is a republican form of govern-
ment. That is the question. •
On the 22d day of January, 1866, I intro-
duced a bill into the Senate of the* United
States, and defended it in a speech of consid-
erable length, in which I took the position that
Congress had this revisory power, and that
wherever a State had an anti-republican gov-
ernment, it was the duty of Congress to inter-
fere and make it a republican form of govern-
ment; and I am glad to be supported in that
view now, by such distinguished authorities as
the Senators whose remarks I have quoted. If
that bill had then become a law, by this time,
no vestige of this question would be left to dis-
turb the harmony of the nation.
I quote from the speech of the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] March 7, 1866,
which will show that I was in advance even of
him for congressional legislation for suffrage
in the South as well as the North:
"Something has been said of the form in which
tho proposition has been presented. There is the bill
of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Yates,] which he
hasmaintamedm aspeech of singular originality and
power, that has not been answered, and I do not
hesitate to say cannot be answered. By this bill it is
provided that all citizens in any State or Territory
shall be protected in the full and equal enjoyment
and exercise ot their civil and political rights, in-
cluding the right ot suffrage."
t * * * * * * # *
"Not doubting tho power of Congress to carry out
this principle everywhere within the jurisdiction of
the United Statos, I content myself lor the present
by asserting it only in the lapsed States lately in
rebellion, where the twolold duty to guaranty a
republican government and to entorce the abolition
ot slavery is beyond question. To that extent I now
urge it."
Now, I come to consider the clauses of the
Constitution affecting tho question of the power
of Congress, or the States, over the question of
suffrage. My friend from Kentucky [Mr.
Davis] thinks that the whole gospel ot the
Constitution is contained in chapter ten of the
amendments, which provides that—
"The powers not delegated to the United States by
the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States,
are reserved to the States respectively or to the
people."
Unfortunately for his position, this power to
guaranty republican governments is "dele-
gated to the United States," and the Constitu-
tion says, that wherever a power is vested by
the Constitution, in the Government of the Uni-
ted States, Congress shall execute that power.
I quote the clause :
" Art. 1. Certain powers having beon enumerated,
these words follow in section eight: ' Xo make all
laws which shall be necessary and proper for carry-
ing into execution tho foregoing powers, and all
other powers vested by this Constitution in the Gov-
ernment of the United States, or m any department
or officer thereof.
Thus it is seen, that it is for Congress to carry
into effect the various powers vested in the
Government of the United States. How is
Congress to do this? By all laws necessary
and proper to that end.
The thing is very plain. We see that the
same clause which authorizes Congress to pass
all laws necessary and proper to carry the enu-
merated powers into effect, says, that Congress
! | shall have power to pass all necessary and
ji proper laws to carry into effect "all other
;i powers" vested by the Constitution iu the Guy-
ji eminent of the United States.
I j I say, then, that it is the duty of Congress, to
j| do what i propose: by a necessary and proper
;| law, to guaranty to tn ery State m the IJnioji, a
lepubheau form of government. _ Article lour,
II section four, of the Constitution is as tollows :
! i " The United States shall guaranty to every State
I: jji the Union a republican form ol go\ ernment, and
! shall protect each of them against invasion: and on
