1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3897
Mr. BENJAMIN. I know nothing of the
parentage of this lady, or of her history, except
what is contained in the papers before the
committee. But I am of opinion that it makes
no difference in that respect, and that we should
not bend our legislation when dispensing favors
of this kind—for they are nothing but favors—
to fit any particular case ; but we should legis-
late for all cases, and preserve a principle in
the legislation for all these cases. If the prin-
ciple in this bill is correct, it will apply with
the same force to all the other cases of a like
character; and, as I said before, they are nu-
merous. This party received a pension under
the law ; she married the second time with
the full knowledge that the pension would
lapse in consequence of her second marriage.
The committee of the Senate base their report
in favor of this bill upon the fact that her
second husband should have been incorpo-
rated in the Navy of the United States; that
is the argument that is used in the report of
the Senate sommittee. But the Ilonse com-
mittee were not- able to see the force of that
argument m every way. That question has
been discussed over and over again in Con-
gress, and had received an adjudication in the
courts of the country, and thedecision had been
the same in each ease; and wecould see no good
reason for coming in at this late day, when more
tlion twenty years had elapsed, and reversing
the decision of former Congresses, and the de-
cision of the courts, and placing this party
upon the pension-roll of the country ; we did
not think it would be right and just to do so.
Iience there was no other alternative than to
report adversely upon the bill of the Senate. I
have no objection to having the bill lecom-
mitted, but I think the result would still be
the same.
Mr. MCJLLINS. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a few moments?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Certainly.
Mr. MULLINS. I know nothing of this
case beyond what has been stated on tiiisfloor.
But it strikes my mind forcibly that the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions have taken the
right view of the matter. Because reminis-
cences cluster around this woman on account
of her name or anything else, that is no argu-
ment to my mind in favor of departing from
our general principles. As to her noblebirth
and the line from which she has descended, 1
beg leave to say that there are those who have
sprung from very low families, whose patents
were, perhaps, kicked out of the furrow a half
dozen times by a bad plow while endeavoring
to get corn for their children to live on, are
just as much entitled to the mercy and mag-
nanimity of this Government, and even much
more so, than any one who had rich parents,
or who may happen to be the widow of a naval
officer.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask my col-
league [Mr. Mullixs] whether all the pen-
sions that we give by special legislation to
widows and children are not in cases which
come outside of the ordinary rule of law ; the
cases of persons who cannot obtain pensions
at the Pension Bureau under our general
laws? And I would also ask whether we do
not give pensions to them in consequence of
meritorious services rendered the country by
their fathers, by their husbands, and possibly
in some instances by their sons?
Mr. MULLINS. I comprehend the idea,
and I would reply—-
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman will allow
me a moment further. Did we not, very early
in the history of this country, give to the
daughters of Count de Grasse, a foreigner, a
gratuity, a bonus, and finally place them on
the pension-roll?
Mr. MULLINS. Yes, I think the Govern-
ment has fully acquitted itself in all such cases,
and ought to have stopped long ago in many
of them. And here there comes up a lady,
who, being of proper age and disposing mem-
ory, [laughter,] elected by her own choice to
abandon the protection of the Government and
take to her side one whom she looked upon as
a more reliable support than the Government,
which was pensioning her in consequence of
the chivalrous acts of her first husband.
Mr. MAYNARD. My colleague will allow
me to ask whether he, of all the men in this
House, would interpose any obstacle in the
way of either man or woman contracting a
second marriage? [Laughter.]
Mr. MULLINS. By no means; but when
persons do elect of their own choice to marry
a second time. I do not want to pay them for
doing it. [Laughter.] It might be considered
something like bribing them to go against their
will. I want their choice to be open and free.
We should not give a pension in this case.
The lady might have a third husband, and he
might die, and we might have to give her au-
other pension for him. [Laughter.] To grant
pensions in this way is perhaps bad luck to
the husband. [Laughter.] I want this lady
to die in peace and quietude. As she has
elected her present position let her remain
in it peacefully and quietly. She is now in
fine credit. She is the widow of two naval
officers, one of whom seems to have been in
the service of a foreign country. The courts
and Congress have decided that enough has
been done in the $ay of payments for Texas
by our paying in the first place millions on
millions to buy her and afterward paying mil-
lions to fight her. I think it is time we should
stop paying people coming from Texas, whether
male or female. [Laughter.] I do not care
to run,in debt in that way. It does not pay.
I think the committee are right in their report
in this case.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to correct the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Mullins.]
This lady was never a Texan.
Mr. MULLINS. But she chose a husband
who was a citizen of Texas; and husband and
wife being one, how you can make her other-
wise than a citizen of the same country ?
[Laughter.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. This lady married Com-
modore Moore in 1849, after the annexation
of Texas, and when he was a citizen of the
United States.
Mr. MULLINS. Had he become natural-
ized ? He had been a citizen of the republic
of Texas. Did he become naturalized by the
annexation ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir.
Sir. ALLISON. I move that this bill be
recommitted to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
iienltlbtta nobles.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported back without amend-
ment a bill (S. No. 232) granting a pension to
Henrietta Nobles.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll the name of
Henrietta Nobles, widowof DanielG. Nobles,
late a captain of the fourth regiment Tennes-
see infantry, and to pay her a pension at the
rate of twenty dollars per month, to commence
November 2, 1802, and continue during her
widowhood.
The bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
payment of pensions in coin.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I wish to
inquire of the chairman of the Committee on
Invalid Pensions whether there is any prospect
of the committee acting on the bill referred to
them for the payment of pensioners in coin ?
Mr. PERHAM. Mr. Chairman, in regard
to that subject I have to answer that the com-
mittee has been very busily engaged during
all the session, when they could possibly be
in committee, in providing pensions for the
widows and orphans and invalid Soldiers and
sailors who have no pensions, and have not
been able to get any under the general law.
They have not, however, been entirely regard-
less of the subject of the increase of pensions
either i« this or the preceding Congress. It
will be recollected that a few years since our
pension laws were such that a poor widow
who had six or eight or ten children, as many
had, dependent upon her for support, she re-
ceived eight dollars a month. Measures have
been matured and passed by this Congress
whereby a widow who has children receives
an additional pension of two dollars a month,
and twenty-four dollars a year for each child
dependent upon her for support. We found,
so far as individuals were concerned, that a
great many entirely disabled, where they had
lost both arms, both legs, or both eyes, were
receiving only eight dollars a mouth. We have
increased those in proportion to the disability ;
those partially disabled getting eight dollars;
those very severely, fifteen dollars; another
class, twenty dollars; and those totally disa-
bled, so as to be entirely dependent on others,
twenty five dollars a month. This makes an
increase on the pension bills of something like
fifty per cent. We have thus done tolerably
well in increasing pensions. So far as the par-
ticular subject referred to is concerned, the
committee will be glad to take it up, as they
have all questions in regard to pensions, at the
earliest possible opportunity. They may be
able to report at this session, but 1 cannot say
whether they will or not.
catharine eckiiardt.
Mr. PERHAM, from the same committee,
also reported back the bill (S. No. 549) grant-
ing an increase of pension to Catharine Eck-
hardt, with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to pay to Catharine Eckhardt,
widow of Henry L Eckhardt, late a private in
company C, liftii regiment Missouri volunteers,
in audition to the pension heretofore granted
her, the further sum of two dollars per month,
for and on account of the care, custody, and
maintenance by her of Anna M. Eckhardt, a
child under sixteen years of age of Henry L.
Eckhardt by a former wife, from the 3d day
of February, 1858, while she has such carc,
custody, and maintenance, until the child shall
attain the age of sixteen years.
The bill was ordered to. be read a third
time ; and was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
carrie jb. burdett.
Mr. PERHAM, from the same committee,
also reported the bill (S. No. 238) granting a
pension to Carrie E. Burdett, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The bill was read. It proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Carrie E. Burdett, widow of James P. Burdett,
late an acting assistant surgeon in the military
service, on the pension roll, at the rate of sev-
enteen dollars per month, to commence oil the
Gth of August, 1880, and to continue dining
her widowhood.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid oil the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
john w. jamison, deceased.
Mr. PERHAM, from the same committee,
also reported back Senate bill No. 427, for the
relief of the widow and children of John W.
Jamison, deceased, with the recommendation
that it do pass.
The reading of the bill was dispensed with.
