1868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1849
Spinner and myself in antagonism in this mat-
ter. Now, that attempt will not succeed be-
fore this country. Neither the committee nor
anybody else can get up an issue between Gen-
eral Spinner and myself. He is one of my best
friends aud I am one of his best friends. I
have always said so, aud everybody knows it
who knows anything about our relations. They
need not thrust his name in here. This is a
matter that General Spinner had nothing to
do with and that General Spinner is not re-
sponsible for; but Mr. Clark, of the Printing
Bureau, is the man whose name should appear
there as the responsible person, because the
committee know that he is the responsible
person. They carefully avoid him and thrust
General Spinner inlo the light in order to
shield this man Claik. And, before I am
through, I intend to ask, although it is a thing
I have never done—a thing I hate very much
to do—the reading of certain documents at
the Clerk's desk in reference to the head of
this Printing Bureau, statements that will make
devils blush. And 1 will show the House what
sort of a man he is whom these gentlemen are
whitewashing, if members will only listen
they will see what kind of a man is kept in the
Treasury Department who has been white-
washed time aud time again by Congress.
Now, I will tell you what I think this com-
mittee might have done. As to the evidence,
I do not know what it is. I did not hear all
the evidence; I only heard General'Spinner
and Mr. Neale, when they were recalled and
made statements in reply to questions which I
asked in relation to what I said in the House.
Their replies bore me out fully, showing that
they had stated to me what I had stated here.
Hence I do not pretend to say that the commit-
tee are notjustilied in reporting that there was
no fraud in this affair, or at least that such was
their opinion ; I do not say they were not justi-
fied in that. But this repoit goes back of this
thing, and attempts to show that there is no
such thing deducible from any of the charges,
as found in that Printing Bureau. It attempts
to show that there is no such thing there ; that
fraud could not occur, because there are such
checks and balances there that frauds could
not occur. In other words, I mean to say that
this report, when it says that there is no irreg-
ularity in this matter, furnishes a justification
of these men in the Department in putting
upon their books a certificate of the destruc-
tion of millions and millions of dollars of vari-
ous denominations when it is merely the de-
struction of blank sheets of paper without a
mark, or stamp, or scratch upon them. _ This
the committee say is regular. That is the
meaning of this report when you analyze it.
Now, I want gentlemen to analyze this report
for themselves. When you analyze it, that is
just what it means. It means that you, the
Congress of the United States, through your
committee, now propose to justify this Depart-
mentof the Governmental keeping their books
in that way; that is, they may burn up mil-
lions of paper, which your tax-payers have
bought and paid for. And your committee
say that when this Department certifies by one
committee that this paper is Government secur-
ities, and by another committee that it is blank
paper, it is not an irregularity. I here is your
report; that is what it is; that is what it means,
and that is all that it does mean. And if you
can justify yourselves in that report then 1
have nothing to say, for that is exactly what
your report means.
Mr. WELKER. Will the gentleman allow
me lo interrupt him a moment?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. WELKEIt. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Logax] a few moments ago alluded
to a conversation between himself and myself.
I desire to make one word of explanation.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well; I will yield for
that, purpose. .
Mr. WELliER. I desire to say that I did
not hear read the conclusion of the report in
which the committee state that there was no
irregularity in the matter which we were invest-
igating. I do not agree with the committee
in relation to that statement, that the transac-
tion which we were investigating was a regular
transaction. In the examination of the books
which were presented before us I found but
one other instance in which blank paper had
been destroyed in the way alluded to by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan.] I found
that four or five days previous to that time
blank pieces of paper, with~denominations
amounting to about one hundred thousand dol-
lars, had been destroyed in the same way.
Now, in the evidence before us, one or two of
the witnesses stated that occasionally there
would bean few sheels of blank paper among
the defaced paper which the committee of de-
struction had ordered to be destroyed, and which
were destroyed. Now, I agree with the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Logan] that that man-
ner of keeping books is not proper. But 1
unite in the report of the committee, that so far
as this individual instance is concerned there
was no evidence of any fraud haxing been per-
petrated by reason of the destruction of this
paper. But that manner of keeping books is
not commendable, and I do not want it under-
stood, so far as I am concerned, that the com-
mittee approve of that manner of keeping books.
Mr. LOGAN. Now, Mr. Speaker, I wish to
ask the gentleman a question, as I have given
him liberally of my time. I will ask him
whether he saw that part of the report before
it was presented, or whether that part was
added after he saw the report?
Mr. WELKEIl. I will state to the gentle-
man from Illinois that we made alterations
and directed the chairman to make the final
copy of the report; and I presume he had to
make it in such a hurry that he had not an
opportunity to show us the concluding part.
Mr. VAN WYCK. The gentleman will allow
me to say (because I cannot see any great
weight in the word "irregular" in the report)
that when the report was read to the committee
in the library the last few words had not been
added. The gentleman from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Jenckes,J one of my colleagues on the
committee, suggested that it should conclude
with some such words as those which now
appear at the end of the report. lie himself
suggested the word ''irregular." I care noth-
ing about the matter. When the gentleman
from Rhode Island returns to his seat in the
House I will consult him, and if he says
" strike out the word ' irregular,' " which was
put in at his suggestion, I will very cheerfully
do so. So that it is not necessary to occupy
the lime of the House in discussing llxat mat-
ter. as it is immaterial.
Mr. LOGAN. It is a question for me to
determine whether I will occupy time_ in dis-
cussing that matter or not. It is my time, not
that of the gentleman from New York. So far
as regards striking out that part of the report
I have nothing to do with it. I am only dis-
cussing the report as it appears. Gentlemen
may change their report as they choose. I
care nothing about it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I want to state my rea-
son for occupying the attention of the House
yesterday and again this morning. Members,
if they paid attention to the debate last even-
ing, must certainly have observed that the line
of argument made by the two gentlemen from
New York was an indirect attack upon me all
the way through. One gentleman character-
ized my remarks as an "unfortunate state-
ment;" another called them an "alarming
statement;" another said that the object of
my remarks was to put down or in some way
affect securities.
Now, I was induced to make my remarks in
consequence of an irregularity which had oc-
curred. What was it? When a committee of
the House is directed to investigate anything
and determine whether or not fraud exists it
does seem to me that for any member of a com-
mittee acting on the part of the Government
for the purpose of developing fraud to send a
telegram all over the country giving his opinion
that there is no fraud, when there has not been
a solitary witness sworn before the committee,
when the committee have not even been called
together, is a prejudgment of the case which is
not warranted on the part of any man or any
committee. This was my reason for making
my remarks yesterday evening. If your com-
mittees appointed to detect frauds can, before
examining any witnesses, telegraph all over the
country that there is no fraud, aud thus pre-
judge the matter, then there is no necessity for
having such committees.
Now, I attribute no improper motives to the
gentleman—none in the world. I say to him,
as I did yesterday, that I have no doubt his
intentions were all proper and right. He
thought that my remarks would aff'cct bonds.
But 1 say to him that what he may say or what
1 may say here docs not affect the bonds of this
country any more than a mosquito lightingupon
a buffalo's bom would affect the buffalo's body.
I do not think he is so weighty a man, or that
I am either, that we can affect the markets of
this country. Why, sir, the gentleman, I am
sure, attributes much more consequence to
himself and to me than the country does. On
that ground, therefore, I do not think the gen-
tleman was correct. I notice that very often
we are apt to think that whatever we say is tel-
egraphed all over the world. Sometimes we
think that everybody reads what we say, when
in truth very few persons read it. Some men
in this House imagine that the markets in New
York go up aud down jnstas their mouths open
or shut. That is a mistake. It is true that
sometimes bread goes up and down as their
mouths open and shut, but never bank stocks.
[Laughter.] So the gentleman need not be
alarmed about our affecting the markets.
Why, the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Lafi.in,] the chairman of the Committee on
Printing, got terribly alarmed about this
matter. I suppose he thought the printing of
public documents would stop if this thing was
not stopped. He feared that he would not then
be the chairman of the Committee on Printing
in this House. He got alarmed, and biought
a witness to see me, and to tell me that enor-
mous frauds had been committed in the Treas-
ury Department. He said I must go further;
that I must follow it up.
That is what the gentleman has done, the
chairman of the Committee on Printing. That
is the manner in which lie has acted in this
matter. Thus these men are the great protect-
ors of the bonds and other securities of this
land. Then he sent out and telegraphed that
I was altogether mistaken. " Me, big Injun,
ugh!" [Laughter.] So ho said: "Seehow
I can telegraph and stop the depreciation of
our bonds. What an awful great man I am 1"
[Laughter.] How terrible this man must be!
But 1 did not know that I was of so much
consequence before, and I am sure I never
learned that the gentleman on the Printing
Committee was of so much consequence be-
fore. 1 never knew it until he told me so
himself.
Mr. Speaker, I want to give this House a
little information while it is attempted to
whitewash Mr. S. M. Clark, the head of this
Printing Bureau. I ask this House—and I ask
it for the benefit, of this country while they are
attacking mo for attempting, in my feeble
manner, to expose the frauds in the Treasury
Department—1 ask it to-day to listen to what
is the character of thi^ man, S. M. Clark;
this man whom it has been attempted to white-
wash, as it is to be found sworn to in evidence
spread in print in the public documents. I
ask the Clerk to read from the suppressed tes-
timony, taken before a committee of this
House, of which the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Gakfieuj] was chairman, about this
man Clark, who is charged with making all
of our bonds and currency, charged with their
printing, &c. I want this House and the coun-
try to know what manner of man he is, the
man about whose department we are told by
the present committee there are no irregulari-
ties at all. Let his character go out to the
country, and let the people say whether he is
