2874
THE 00^<miSSIOTA'£ GHiOSS.
Jun6 5,
list from the retired list; which was:tfead a first
and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third time.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
authorizes the President of the United States
to nominate, and by and with the advice and
consentofthe Senate to appoint, Captain James
F. Armstrong to the'active list of the Navy,
with the rank to which he may be entitled
thereon.
Mr. HAIGHT. Mr. Speaker, the memorial
of Captain Armstrong was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and a thorough invest-
igation was made of the case. All the papers
relating to it were on file in the Navy Depart-
ment, and a sub-committee of the Committee
on Naval Affairs went to the Department and
examined the papers there on file, which are
all fully set out in the report. As the report
is not very long, and as it gives a succinct state-
ment of the facts, I ask that it be read.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was
referred the memorial of Captain James 3?. Arm-
strong, of the United States Navy, to be restored to
the active list from the retired list, have had thesame
under consideration and report:
That the memorialist entered the Navy of the Uni-
ted States on the 7th of March, 1832; has been in the
service for thirty-five years and eleven months, and
is now fifty years old; that nineteen years and seven
months of his service lias been passed at sea, eight
years'Onshoreduty, andeightyears and three months
unemployed.
He was regularly promoted in due course to the
rank of commander, and as the approval and recom-
mendation of the advisory board of 1862 would indi-
cate, without any reflection upon his moral or pro-
fessional charaotcr and fitness. There is nothing
special in the early period of his professional life to
attract attention beyond the lact that he performed
his duties eieditably to himself and the service, and
in such a manner as to secure the approbation of his
superior officers.
# As early astheycar 1835, while holding the rank of
lieutenant, Ije was ordered to the command of the
sloop-of-war Jamestown, of the African squadron.
Upon the return home in ill-health of her former
commander, Ellison, ho retained thatposition for sev-
eral months, and until relieved by the appointment
and arrival of his successor, Commander Ward, in
1851), was again attached to the African squadron in
command of the steamer Sumter, and while there
was assigned to special service. The testimony of
Commodores Crabb and Dornin. on file in the Navy
Department, establishes the fidelity and efficiency
with which his duties were performed while on the
African station.
On the 7th of January, 1860, he was assigned to the
command of the steam frigate San Jacinto during
her voyage to Cadiz for repairs by Commodore In-
inan, flag officer commanding United States African
squadron. On his return to the squadron, late in the
summer of th.it year, Commodore Inman publicly
commended him for his " intelligent and judicious
Eerformance of the trying special duty confided to
im."
On his return to the United States in command of
the Sumter, in the fall of 1861, having applied to the
Navy Department for orders, was assigned to duty
on the coast of North Carolina, in command of the
steamer State of Georgia, attached to the North
Atlantic blockading squadron. He remained in that
responsible position tor nearly two years, frequently
engaging the shorebatteries and partieipatingm the
capturo of several prizes, as well as in the action
which resulted in the capture of Fort Macon in April,
1862.
On the 19th of January, 1864, he took command of
the San Jacinto, and while connected with thatship
incurred for the first, time the censure of his superior
officer. _ On the 20th of March, 1864, he was suspended
from his command by Admiral Bailey, and shortly
afterward was ordered to report to the Secretary of
the Navy, to whom the record of proceedings of a
court of inquiry, held to investigate his conduct dur-
ing the two months preceding its session, was at the
same tune forwarded.
The court of inquiry was convened at Key West on
the 25th of March, 1864, by Admiral Bailer, to exam-
ine into specifications or charges preferred against
Commander James F. Armstrong for intemperance
from January 20, 18(34, to March 20, 1864. a period
of two months, and while in command of the San
Jacinto.
The court of inquiry simply reported the evidence
taken before them, without recommending any
action. A number of witnesses were examined, and
in the opinion of the committee the evidence estab-
lishes the facts:
First. That upon at least two convivial occasions
atdinner parties,^while m port at Key West, Com-
mander James F. Arimliong was guilty of undue
indulgence.
Second That his general conduct in respect to
vigilance and attention to duty, as testified to by
almost uvciy witness, was unexceptionable.
The board of examination for the promotion of
ofiieors in the Navy under tho act of April 21, 1864,
assembled ;Jt Washington, July 1,1S64, Commander
James F. Armstrong, by order of tho Socrotury of
the Navy, appeared before tho board on the 5th of
August, 1864. The board was composed of'Oommo-
dores Jingle, Mclveon,Ulendy, and Harwood.
The following are among the witnesses examined
by the board touching the promotion of Commander
Armstrong^Commodore Dornin, Commander Yard,
Surgeon Foltz, Captain Scott, Rear Admiral Grolds-
borough, CommodoreCrabb, Hear Admiral Paulding,
Captain Goldsborough, and Commander Quacken-
bush.
Tho finding of the board isonrecordattheDepart-
ment, and is as follows;
Finding of the board of officers assembled at Wash-
ington to examine officers for promotion in the case
of Commander James F. Armstrong.
In coming to a decision in the ease of this officer,
the board deem it due to him to state that previously
to the occasions that gave rise to the court of inquiry
above referred to, the conduct of Commander James
Jb\ Armstrong has been uniformly*meritorious, as is
shown by ali tho testimony, oral and documentary,
produced before the board touching his olhciai career.
It is consequently with gre.it regret that, in view of
recent instances of excess in the use of intoxicating
liquors, established on the part of Commander Arm-
strong by proof before the court ot inquiry mentioned
above, and on that account only, that tho board feel
themselves obliged not to recommend Commander
James F. Armstrong for further promotion on the
active list.
T. ENGLE, President of Board.
The evidence taken before the foregoing board
shows that the investigation extendedover tiiewhole
period that Commander Armstrong was in the Navy,
anU that the board did not pass upon the facts, but
refused to recommend him tor promotion.
From a careful analysis of the testimony adduced
before the boaid, the committee are of the opinion
that the difficulty was owing to accidental or unto-
ward onuses, and had not grown out of, or was tho
result of asettled practice or habit, and they are sat-
isfied thatCommandcr Armstrong never was addicted
to a h;ibit of undue indulgence.
Captain Armstrong was ordered by the Secretary
of the Navy to the command of the navy-yaid at
Fensacola, in October, 1804, a position oi great
importance at that tunc, and has continued to dis-
charge the duties there since October, 186i.
The commitlee from the evident c before them are
satisfied that since March, 1861, Captain James F.
Armstrong has not used any intoxicating liquor
whatever. Under the circumstances the committee
consider that the prayer ot the memorialist ought to
be granted; and they report a bill accordingly.
Mr. IIAlCrHr. I hold in my hand a letter
from the Navy Department relating to the case
of Captain Armstrong, aud 1 ask the Clerk to
read it.
The Clerk read as follows :
Navy Department,
Bureau of Yards and Docks.
Washington, D, C.. February 10, 1868.
Sir: In response to your inquiry of the 8th instant,
regaiding the memorial of Captain James F. Arm-
strong to be restored to the active list, I have to say
that Captain Armstrong during the three years he
has been in command of the navy-yard at Fensa-
cola, Florida—which yard has been under the super-
vision of this bureau—has conducted his duties with
entire satisfaction to the bureau.
I consider him an intelligent and competent offi-
cer, and, as far as T know, of irreproacnablo char-
acter during his service m that command.
I learn from other officers that Captain Armstrong
bears tho character I give him generally wiuh them
during the period of his command. His antecedents,
as to his retirement, I have no knowledge of.
I havo the honor*to be, your obedie-nt servant,
JOSEPH SMITH, Chief of Bureau.
Hon. Charles Haight, M. C., Washington,
Mr. HAIGHT. I have also a number of
letters from those familiar with Captain Arm-
strong's conduct and course since he has been
in command of the navy-yard at Pensacola ;
and I will also state that while this memorial
has been under consideration in the commit-
tee, a number of naval officers have been con-
sulted in regard to the propriety of the meas-
ure now proposed, and they have unanimously
expressed the opinion that the resolution ought
to pass.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. HAIGHT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN COVINGTON, KENTUCKY.
Mr. JONES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (IT. II. No. 1159) to erect United
States court rooms, post office, and internal
revenue offices in the city of Covington, Ken-
tucky ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions".
GEORGE LYNCH. - -
Mr. MULLINS, from the Committee oti Rev-
olutionary Pensions and of the War of 1812,
reported back, without amendment, a bill
(S. No. 320) entitled "An act for the relief of
George Lynch, a soldier of the war of 1812."
The bill, which was read, proposes to allow
to George Lynch, a soldier of the war of 1812,
a pension at the rate of twenty dollars per
month, in lieu of the pension of eight doliars
per month now received by him, to commence
from the passage of this act and to continue
during his natural, life.
Mr. MULLINS. The claimant in this case
asks at the hands of the Government an
increase of the pension which he has been
receiving. He served faithfully during the war
of 1812, and while in service, being exposed
to severe cold, he was frost-bitten, and in con-
sequence his feet were partially amputated.
Being incapacitated for gaining his own support
by his labor, he is now at the Soldier's Home,
remote from his friends, receiving a pension of
eight doliars per month. Having served the
country faithfully in his manhood, he now, in
his hour of age and distress, asks relief from,
the country for which he sacrificed his strength.
Your committee believe the country ought to
reward him according to his prayer.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the thud time, and passed.
Mr. MULLINS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN WELSH.
Mr. PJilGE, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported adversely upon the petition
for an increase of the pension of John Welch ;
which was laid on the table.
CLARK COUNTY, WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. FLANDERS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. K. No. 1160) to enable
the county of Clark, in the Territory of Wash-
ington, to provide a fund for extinguishing the
indebtedness of said county; which was read
a first and Second time, and, with accompany-
ing papery referred to the Committee on the
Territories.
PENSIONS.
Committee on Invalid Pensions being
for reports of a private nature,
Mr. PERHAM said": As much of the private
business of our committee will depend upon
the action of the House on a general bill which
we are ready to report, I ask unauimous con-
sent to report that bill at this time.
There being no objection,
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported back a bill (II. R.
No. 1010) relating to pensions.
The bill provides, in the first section, that
the laws granting pensions to the hereinafter
mentioned dependent relatives of deceased
soldiers^ leaving neither widow or child entitled
to pension under existing laws, shall be so
construed as to. give precedence to such rela-
tives in the following order, namely: first,
mothers ; secondly, fathers ; thirdly, orphan
brothers and sisters, who shall be "pensioned
jointly if there be more than one. It is pro-
vided that if in any case the soldier shall have
left both father and mother who were depend-
ent upon him, then on the deatli of the mother
the father shall become entitled to a pension,
commencing from and after the death of the
mother. No pension heretofore awarded is to
be affected by anything herein contained.
The second section proposes to enact that the
act entitled ''An act to grant pensions," ap-
proved July 14, 1802, and the acts supplement-
ary thereto or amendatory thereof, shall not be
construed to authorize tho allowance of a pen-
sion, or to confer a right thereto by reason of
a disability incurred or disease contracted after
the 1st day of January, 1868, or death resulting
therefrom, but the laws in force prior to the
said act of July 14, 1862, shall, except as to
