1850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
a proper and safe man to whom we should
trust this Printing Bureau.
Mr. MILLER. I rise to a question of order,
that the reading of this paper is not in order.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to say a word in
reference to this report. I had not the oppor-
tunity, as a member of that committee, to know
anything about this testimony. I had, how-
ever, previously looked into the subject of this
Printing Bureau, into Mr. Clark's conduct,
and into the present system of printing, and,
sir, I came to the conclusion that it was all
loose and censurable. I hope, therefore, the
gentleman from Illinois will not include me in
the category of those who would whitewash
anybody.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not charge this com-
mittee with intending to do anything wrong.
What I have said has been in answer to their
report that there are no irregularities in this
thing which is a reflection upon my statement.
It is in answer to charges and attacks made
yesterday upon this floor against me. We all
saw the eagerness with which the chairman of
the Printing Committee flew to the rescue of
the Printing Bureau of the Treasury and made
insinuations against me. lie said my state-
ments were unfortunate to go to the country.
In answer to such insinuations I ask the rep-
utation of this man Clark shall be read to the
House.
The SPEAKER. This being the testimony
taken in an investigation into the conduct of
Mr. Clark, as the head of the Printing Bu-
reau, the Chair overrules the point of order of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. This in-
vestigation being in regard to the procedure
of affairs in the Printing Bureau it seems to
involve the character of Mr. Clark.
Mr. LOGAN. I will read myself first from
the report in reference to the power which Mr.
Clark has:
"The responsibility or power which Mr. Clark
has in himself, or of himself, that is, cxelusivcly in
himself, arc worthy of note. It seems by the testi-
mony both of Mr. Chittenden andof Mr. Field, that in
Mr. Clark's department is done all the printing of the
interest-bearing Treasury notes, of the bonds of tho
United States, of the certificates of indebtedness and
other securities, oven to tho affixing of the rod seal,
which was once thought to be a great check and se-
curity. The apparently written names of Mr.4 Chit-
tonden' and of Mr. 'Spinner' aro printed by Mr.
Clark. Tho red seal was formerly affixed under the
direct supervision of the Secretary, but Mr. Clark
has had the 'machine' sent down stairs, and placed
in his (Clark's) possession! Mr. Held expressively
says (holding a fifty dollar one year interest-bearing
note:)
"'The paper on which it is printed is contracted
for by Mr. Clark. The paper is delivered to him.
The printing is done under his direction; and th e/uc
similes of tho signatures of tho Register of the Treas-
ury and of the Treasurer are affixed under his direc-
tion, and the seal is impressed under his direction;
bo that this, which nu' - to him as blauk paper, con-
tracted for by lum, leaves his hands with all t.ie at-
tributes of money in thoform of perfected and perfect
obligation of the Government. Tho cngiaving of the
plates is abo done under his direction."'
This shows that the whole thing is in his
hands and there is no check upon him what-
ever. Now I ask that the evidence in ref-
erence to him be read for the information of
the House.
The Clerk read as follows;
Response of Alexander C. Wilson, of Nero York, to the
Secretary of the Treasury, calling for charges against
S. M. Clark.
Hew Yoeic, August 27,1803.
Sir: In response to your demand for my charges
against Mr. S. M. Clark, of the Treasury Department,
I had the honor to say, in my letter of the 17th in-
stant, that those charges relate not merely to Mr.
Clark's present position in your service, but to events
in the course of his entire career, which prove his
unfitness to hold any office of trust under Govern-
ment. The facts are far more abundant than this
present recapitulation will indicate; but the difficulty
of inducing men to testify, without the compulsion
of a subpoena, prevents mo at present from offering
testimony; and, therefore, I xefrain from reciting
statements in regard to which the evidence is not
immediately accessible.
In the ease of Mr. \V. L. Onnsly, the honorable
Secretary laid down tho indisputable principle that
no man should have anything to do with the manu-
facture of Government money upon whose character
there rests the slightest taint. Mr. Clark is no sub-
ordinate in this manufacture as is Air. Ormsiy. lie
holds a foremost place. Everything is confided to
his integrity. He occupies a position requiring
spotless honesty, the highest skill, and the utmost
ingenuity.
The record of Mr. Clark's career will show that
wherever ho has been known out of Washington he
would be invested with no office of trust; thatwhere-
ever lie resided and conducted businesss, prior to his
employment in the Department, ho left behind him
a tainted reputation—a reputation for questionable
honesty, for enormous extravagance, for bad per-
sonal habits, for addiction to visionary and unsuc-
cessful proj ects, for being, in fact, a reckless pretender
and charlatan.
This general reputation, I undertake to prove, ad-
heres to him still, even in his actual employment in
your service.
My charges against Claik are as follows,namely:
1. Reputation Jor dishonesty and unreliability.—In-
quiry at the localities where he has done business,
among which are Hartford, Brattleboro', Siiusbuiy,
and New York, attests that those who know Clark
thoroughly declino to trust him, and believe him to
be freely accessible to corrupt influences.^
2. Actual dishonesty.—The failure of the flour-
dealing lirm of Clark <fc Coleman, in 185.5, elicited
fiom tho iiisolveutsau offer to pay seventy cents on
tho dollar; fifty per cent, m the paper of KzraClark,
Jr., a brother of .Norton, who was said to be a debtor
of tho linn, and twenty per cent, in tho paper of
Coleman ,'c Clark. None of those notes were paid.
Coleman paid his proportion, and obtained from his
creditors a relcaso; but nothing whatever was paid
by Clark or his brother. I find from inquiries made
of leading mercantile houses in the flour trade that
tho failure was, and is, regarded as disgraceful, if
not fraudulent, and as utterly destructive of Clark's
credit.
A transaction in connection with the improve-
ments in the Assistant Treasurer's office in this city
raises an irresistible presumption of fraud on the
part of Clark, who was superintending some of the
work, subject to the directions of the Assistant
Treasurer. Though instructed to do nothing with-
out tho explicit ordeis of Mr. Cisco, Clark privately,
andon his own responsibility, proceeded to make a
contiact for tho sates, selecting a pattern the patent
right of which belonged to the Messrs. Cornell, ma-
chinists, of New York. The liatuial course for hnn
would have been to havecontracted with the Messrs.
Cornell. Instead of doing so, however, he made a
contract with one North, a lock-maker, at New
Britain, Connecticut, and lctt Noith to sub-contract
(of course with a handsome profit to himselt} witb
the Messrs. Cornel).
3. Dishonesty or incompetency.—The report of the
House Committee on Expenditures un Public .Build-
ings, Juno 10,1802, convicts Claik of either one or the
other of these qualities; and as the honorable Secre-
tary promptly removed Clark fiom the post he then
occupied we are to assume that at that time he be-
lieved him to bo either dishonest or incapablc.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PRICE. Inasmuch as I introduced the
resolution instructing the Committee on Re-
trenchment to examine this particular and
specific charge in reference to the $18,640,000
in bonds, in regard to which it is alleged that
an improper or incorrect certificate lias been
made, I think it but proper that I should take
up and examine the report of the committee,
which I find in this morning's paper. I need
not repeat at this time what 1 havealready said,
that I was astounded at the declaration made
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logax.]
I supposed, indeed I may say 1 hoped, that
when an examination in the case was had some
satisfactory explanation would be made; that
when the record was examined something would
be found which had escaped the observation
of the gentleman trom Illinois, and that the
record upon its lace would not contain the facts
as stated by him.
I had the curiosity to visit the Treasurer's
office myself and request to see that record.
That was very promptly accoided to me by the
Treasurer. And now, in the face of this re-
port, I must say that I was astonished to find
that any man claiming to have even the crudest
idea of business would allow himself to place
his name upon a record showing what this rec-
oid does. All men know something; no man
knows everything. We simply know what we
learn. In the short period of three score and
ten years allotted to us we are unable to learn
everything; and he has filled his sphere toler-
ably well who learns something thoroughly.
Now, sir, I know something about the inside
of a ledger, or a journal, or any other book
which pretends to give the account of a money
transaction ; and 1 say here—because I think
it will do some good, as I think, also, this in-
vestigation and this report will do some good—
that no man having a proper regard for his
reputation as a business man would place his
name on such a record as appears on the page
containing the history of these bonds already
referred to. I say that without qualification,
but fairly and squarely; and any man who has
ever seen the inside of a ledger, upon examin-
ation of the record, will agree with me in the
first three quarters of a minute after that
examination.
Now, I want to call the attention of the
committee more particularly to some state-
ments in this report, and 1 will preface my
remarks by saying that I believe the whole
thing is susceptible of a satisfactory explana-
tion. I do not believe there has been any
fraud. I do not say that I know much about
it, for I have not investigated it sufficiently to
say-that. But what little investigation I have
given to it satisfies me that there is, probably,
no fraud in the transaction. But I do say that
there is great irregularity; I do say that either
these four men have certified to what is abso-
lutely untrue, or else the other three men cer-
tified upon the same page in reference to the
same transaction what is absolutely untrue.
Now, I call the attention of the committee
to this language:
"When sheets partly printed or blank are de-
stroyed it has been usual to designate not only the
number of the sheets, but the denomination they
would have if the sheets had been perfected into
bonds and issued. Everything appears os if the
bonds were perfect, except that at the top of the
page of the books of certificates is stated the value
and character of the sheets destroyed; if not com-
plete bonds the statement shows how far the sheets
were printed; sometimes on the face, back, tinted,
bronzed, or blanks."
The word "blank" is written at the top of
this page, but it was not written by either of
the seven men who signed the two separate and
distinct certificates that I have already referred
to ; and I think the committee—I express the
opinion, merely; they are entitled to theirs as
much as I am—I think the committee should
have made some explanation of that point,
because I do not believe that either of the gen-
tlemen on that committee, if they had had a
clerk doing business for them individually and
he had kept their books in that way—I do not
believe that they would have indorsed it, nor
do I believe they would have retained that
clerk in their employ twenty-four hours after-
ward.
The report proceeds to say that when blank
sheets were given out they were charged, and so
forth, which is all correct, and, in my judgment,
the only way that the thing can be properly done.
It proceeds to show how the blank sheets are
disposed of and what entries are made. "With
that part of the report I have no objection to
find; on the contrary, I not only indorse the
report, but the practice, so far as I understand
it. I believe it to be the only practice that
could be pursued with any kind of safety to
the Government. The report proceeds then
to say that the blank sheets—
"Were then duly counted by tho counting com-
mittee as to tho number of sheets and intended de-
nominations, of which a record was duly made, and
they were then delivered to the destruction commit-
tee to be destroyed."
Now, sir, the committee certainly do not
understand the meaning of the word " duly,"'
or else I do not. I say that they were not " duly
lecorded." The committee will agree with
me, every man of them, when they come to
look at it. They are not recorded as blank
sheets ; they are recorded as bonds. This
whole difficulty, in my judgment, grows out. of
the fact that these gentlemen fail to certify to
a thing just, exactly as it is. An ounce of com-
mon sense would have taught these gentleman
who made the certificate that they ought when
they signed it to have been certain that the
certificate stated tho tacts just as they existed.
Mr. HALSCY. I wish to state that in one
of the duplicate books the certificate had the
alteration made which the gentleman suggests.
The words "bonds'' were stricken out and
blank paper" was put in. I saw it this morn-
ing. There are three of these books. Mr. Neale
! stated that, he supposed they were all the same,
i Mr. LOGAN. Then that proves that part
; of them are one way and part another.
I Mr. PRICE. That may be satisfactory to
| the gentleman from New Jersey, who nnder-
I stands something about this matter, so far as
1 that one book is concerned. He will agree
