466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
to bondage, and therefore slavery is supported
by the Bible and is a divine institution."
With all due respect to the honorable gen-
tleman, I pronounce his argument trifling—
trifling with a great question, with human
beings and rights. If the gentleman claims
that the negro is a brute I can understand his
argument. But, sir, if the negro is. a man with
an immortal soul, with heart, brains, and sym-
pathies like other men, a native-born Ameri-
can citizen, who is to pay taxes, light in our
armies and navies, work in all the varied fields j
of labor, help develop the prostrate South, \
help pay our national debt, live under and :
obey the laws which are to govern him and us, !
then, sir, I pronounce the message of his j
" Excellency and the arguments of the oppo-
sition in relation to this matter as unworthy of ;
the subject and the occasion, and deserving
little less than contempt. What! shall we
measure a man's rights in this free country by
the kinks in his hair and the length of his
heel? Sir, if we do we had better appoint my i
honorable colleague a committee to at once :
adjust a scale of rights on that basis, and give
ns the kind of hair or heel that will admit
a man to the privileges of the ballot-box.
[Laughter.]
But, say gentlemen, with apparent triumph,
if you force negro suffrage on the South why
do you not secure it at the North? Sir, I am
in favor of suffrage to all loyal native-born and .
naturalized citizens everywhere under our flag,
and so are four fifths of the Union party. We
have been trying to secure this in Ohio, Kan-
sas, and Minnesota lately, and all the gentle-
man's party and a few Republicans in those
States who have prejudices upon the subject
voted against and defeated it. The responsi-
bility of that defeat is with the Democratic
party, not with us.
Again, in the northern States nearly all the
citizens exercise the elective franchise, whereas
in several of the southern States if you ex-
clude the black man the majority of the peo-
ple will be excluded from a voice in the gov-
ernment, and the minority, as I have before
said, will rule. And, sir, independent of the
question of suffrage in the States that have
not been in rebellion and have not given Con-
gress a right by their treason to interfere in
their State and local affairs, we have the right,
and it is our duty as a necessary measure of
public safety and for the protection of the
loyal people of the South, to insist upas
impartial suffrage in those States now being
reconstructed ; so that the question of suffrage
in New York and Pennsylvania does not hinge
upon the same reasons that it does in the rebel
States. In the one case the public safety does
not absolutely require impartial suffrage; in
the other it does.
But, sir, I hope the time is not far distant
when the people of the loyal States will accord
to all men equal rights at the ballot-box. Do
gentlemen suppose that five hundred thou-
sand citizens in this country that are loyal to
the Government, subject to all the burdens
of other citizens, can be deprived for any con-
siderable time of all voice in the laws that
govern them and the Government they help to
support? Oh, no! This is the wildest dream
of political infatuation. Sir, they are voting
now. They have tasted this sweet privilege,
they have shed their blood as a ransom for
this right; and when Abraham Lincoln struck
the shackles from their limbs and Congress
gave them the ballot they received a boon
that they will not surrender as long as the
nation shall stand; and woe to that man or
that party that seeks to strip those rights from
them. The attempt will fail. And now be wise
in time; take no encouragement from the re-
cent elections. They meant no injustice to the
loyal men of the South—they meant no exclu-
sive privileges to the rebels; they simply meant
disgust at the failure of Congress to give a
good financial system to the country; and,
sir, I believe also at the failure of Congress
to rebuke and punish the misconduct of the
President of the United States.
I will bring to the recollection of gentlemen
the dark days of 1862. Earnest men were then
disgusted with the inaction of the Union party,
and the Opposition swept all the States that
they carried at the last election, and Ohio be-
sides, and then these same gentlemen predicted
the destruction of the Union party and the
overthrow of its principles ; and, with Vallan-
digham, Seymour, ana company in the fore-
ground, excited the spirit and uttered the doc-
trines they are proclaiming to-day; and in
18G3 they were swept from the nation's path
as with a besom of destruction. So it will be
again if they continue to " kick against the
pricks."
Sir, the constitutions that have been adopted
by the conventions that have been held in the
South are wise and beneficent instruments,
guarantying to the people of those States for
the first time in their history the full rights of
American citizens. Some of the States will
adopt the constitutions and send their members
to Congress, and as to those the work of resto-
ration will be complete. Others, acting on the
dangerous advice of the President, will delay,
reject the constitutions, and still remain under
military control; for of this they can be as-
sured, that until they come up to the full meas-
ure of the demands of the people upon them
they will remain where they are.
But, Mr. Chairman, it is charged that we
have delayed reconstruction and squandered
the public money for party purposes. Sir, I
deny it. Had the South accepted the constitu-
tional amendment submitted by Congress and
approved by the people in 1866 the work would
have been done months ago; but the President
and the Democratic party advised against it,
and so the amendment was rejected.
Then, Congress determined on reconstruction,
prescribed another policy, one that would exe-
cute itself and did not depend upon rebel aid;
a policy of justice and equal rights, that per-
mitted the loyal men of the South to become
actors in the great work. And they are at work,
sir; and if letalone they will accomplish recon-
struction in ninety days. And now the President
and his party are doing all in their power to pre-
vent it. Sir, they are the obstruction, not we.
Mr. Chairman, the country needs repose. Let
gentlemen rise for once above the dead level
of the partisan, above plotting and scheming
for rebel help to restore their party to power,
and take hold with us faithfully and earnestly
to bring the country back to peace. Six thou-
sand million dollars of property, public and
private, has been expended or destroyed in this
war, and by that much the nation is poorer to-
day. Great want and destitution prevails all
over the South. Capital is stagnant; labor is
dull everywhere and looks in vain for employ-
ment ; hundreds of thousands of laboring men
and women at the North are out of work and
are looking with anxious faces into this grim
winter, and wondering how they are to keep the
wolf from the door. Our finances are disor-
dered, national bankruptcy is imminent, and
repudiation, the vilest of all national sins, is
openly advocated.
Sir, this condition of things needs the closest
economy, the most judicious expenditure of the
public moneys, an equal and just distribution
of the public burdens, and presents a problem
the solution of which will tax the highest "re-
sources of statesmanship." Reconstruction is
the hinge upon which all else turns. Wecan
have no peace, no safe financial condition,
until we have a just and sound reconstruction.
Let Congress complete its work. Why delay?
Why should the Opposition delude the south-
ern rebels with false hopes longer? Let the
work be finished now, and your military will
be withdrawn, and the " wayward sisters" will
swing into line and renew their old relations
with the Federal Union. But, sir, let the
opposition theory prevail and I will not predict
the result. The contest then will be only begun.
Robbedof their rights the loyalists of the South
will struggle to regain them, like men who
"know those rights" and "dare maintain"
them. The traitor horde, restored to exclusive
power, will gratify the hate of race and all the
brutal feelings of revenge upon them. Society
will be shaken from center to circumference,
industry will languish, and that afflicted por-
tion of our country, once so fair and prosper-
ous, will continue to be convulsed with the
strife of men, on the one side for justice and
on the other side for power. The people of
the North will, as now, divide upon the ques-
tion ; and so the contest will go on until the
1 problem will be solved in blood or the people
I reassert their God-given rights by a revolution
, at the ballot-box. Sir, we can avoid all fur-
j ther contention and war, and dispose of the
I negro question in this country for all time, by
' simply giving the ballot, the only protection of
j freemen, to the people impartially. Then, sir,
| the last peril that threatens the Republic will
| be ended; then the North and South, East
! and West will stand in harmony together,
| bound by a common interest, working out
j a common and most glorious destiny. Like
I giant sentinels they will stand, upholding and
! guarding the temple of freedom for us and our
posterity forever.
AMERICAN CITIZENSHIP.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Chairman, it is my purpose
on this occasion to discuss at no great length
some of the great questions involved in the sub-
ject of American citizenship. It is just now,
with very great propriety, agitating to a very
great extent all parts of our country. It i8
proper, therefore, that the representatives of
the people should bring their minds to the con-
sideration of this subject, not in its mere polit-
ical or partisan relations, but in its fundamental
principles. It may become their duty to make
some authoritative and very distinct and explicit
declarations upon this subject before this session
shall close. It is one that touches very closely
the dignity of the Republic, and affects very
directly and materially the interests of the peo-
ple. It cannot be treated with indifference by
any nation properly mindful of its own honor
or of its duty toward its citizens. If men incor-
porate themselves into organized societies they
ao it not alone to secure protection at home,
but also to secure it wherever for legitimate
purposes they may please to go among civilized
nations.
Now, sir, when the curious mind suffers
itself to approach the consideration of this
great question, in the light of the learning of
the world, orevenof our own country, we find it
surrounded on every hand with difficulties, many
of which may appear to be insurmountable,
many of which are very singular in their origin,
and many of which, I would suggest, have in
the past history of our Government been allowed
to have too much influence upon our conduct
and our policy. We find, indeed, that many
of those principles are such that no nation
that stands upon its equality in the family of
nations can forone moment recognize or admit.
The fundamental idea upon which that sys-
tem of law called international law must rest
is that of the absolute and unqualified equality
of the nations of the earth. Each for itself,
within itself, is absolutely independent and has
absolute and supreme control over its own
conduct. Starting out from this conceded
principle, for no man will question it, we reach
this fair and legitimate deduction : that every
nation, being the equal of every other nation,
and having absolute and unquestionable con-
trol of its own domestic policy and affairs, has
the right to determine who shall and who shall
not constitute a part of the body of its citizens.
It has, in other words, a perfect and indefeasi-
ble right to regulate its own citizenship and the
principles upon which that citizenship may be
acquired. In harmony with this principle is
the practice of all civilized nations, and it has
always been so.
Conceding this principle, it follows that this
country, which had its birth in one mighty revo-
lutionary act of expatriation, possesses that
right. Our nation, Mr. Chairman, was brought
into being by a sweeping declaration, on the
part of our forefathers, of this fundamental and
