1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
467
indefeasible right of expatriation. They expa- j
triated themselves, and by their strong right j
arms vindicated their right to do so, and estab- j
lished themselves upon a firm and, I trust, an
enduring basis of justice and liberty among
the nations of the earth. By their conduct, by
our Constitution, by our laws, we have made a
declaration of these principles not merely to
the Governments of the earth,butto thepeople
of the entire family of nations, and have invited
the latter to come here and become copartners
with us in the enjoyment of the principles thus
established.
It is in pursuance of that invitation, in pur-
suance of the great principles thus established,
that there has been pouring into our country
ever since the achievement ot our independence
an uninterrupted river of immigration from all
other nations, with its accompanying rivers of
wealth and of life-giving energy, thrift, honesty,
and love of liberty. These people from foreign
lands come here to better their conditions and
to relieve themselves of an old and hateful, and
to assume anew and more beneficent allegiance,
to put upon themselves the shield of our nation-
ality, and to enjoy that civil liberty which
nowhere else on earth is guarantied to men as
it is here and by ns, except in that section of our
country which is now unhappily suffering from
a most unnatural oppression.
Does it, then, become this great nation now,
by any act, either of commission or omission,
to turn its back not only upon these principles,
fundamental and invaluable as, they are, but
also upon these millions of people who have
cotnq here upon our invitation and who to-day
constitute in one sense the very pillars of our
fabric of liberty—who at least, when they see
fit to exercise the privileges and franchises
which have been conferred upon them, have
become potential to control the conduct of our
Government. No, Mr. Chairman, it does not
become us, and I hope we shall not do any such
act of national inconsistency and infidelity. All
the obligations of allegiance imply reciprocal
obligations of protection. The obligations of
allegiance are not one whit less extensive or
exacting against the naturalized than against
the native-born citizens. Upon what princi-
ple of justice, then, or of common sense or
established law can we award any greater
degree of protection to one citizen than to
another? We have always refused in our laws
to accept from any human being a conditional
or limited allegiance, and that is right. But
should not unconditional allegiance be repaid
with unconditional protection?
Mr. Chairman, what is this right of expatri-
ation ? It is, in a word, simply that original,
God-given right of self-government among
the people of the earth. If we, as a nation,
possess that right, we, as a nation, have con-
ferred it upon these people who have come here
to enjoy it. Shall we break the bond ; shall
we dissever the tie which we have invited them
to come here and make between themselves
and us, and thus forfeit faith, forfeit honor,
forfeit everything that has made us a respected,
a powerful, a glorious nation ?
Starting out upon the principle, unquestion-
able and undeniable as 1 believe it to be, that
each nation is the absolute equal of every
other, and possesses the right to make whom it
pleases copartners in its citizenship, in its
civil government, in the enjoyment of its civil
and political privileges and rights, I insist that
those nations of the earth that still adhere to
the old feudal, barbaric idea of the indissolu-
bility of allegiance have no right to complain
of us when we naturalize their citizens and
make them members of our community. They
have no right to point to us and say, "You
have invaded our sovereignty by conferring
upon some of our people American nation-
ality." Those nations do practically the same
thing. England confers citizenship upon per-
sons from abroad who come to reside within
her domain. France does the same. Every
nation on the earth does the same. They do
it, it is true, in different ways and by different
kinds of laws, giving different degrees of rights
and privileges by doing it. But concedingthe
right to do it to be possessed by every nation,
the logical conclusion follows that when it is
once done no nation has the right to question
its completeness and efficacy, not merely in
the country of which the man has been made
a citizen, but everywhere where he may go as
a citizen of the new-chosen Government. If,
therefore, a man who has been thus incorpor-
ated into the body of our political society and
made one of us under the guarantees contained
in our Constitution and laws and under the guar-
antees contained in the very basis-principles
of our Government, goes abroad, what less
does he carry with him than every particle of
the power, the dignity, the honor, if you
please, of his country in his own person? He
can challenge the assertion of them all in the
vindication of his rights as such citizen wher-
ever he may go, provided only that he goes
for purposes of peaceful and proper business.
I desire to invite attention to another re-
markable fact in connection with our system
of naturalization. While other nations take
into the body of their political society such
persons as they please, and confer upon them
certain rights, they do it without imposing
upon the persons thus assuming those obliga-
tions anything more, ordinarily, than the mere
procurement of some declaration of the sov-
ereign power, some act of Parliament, some
decree of the legislative body of the nation,
declaring them to be citizens; we go further
and say that a man shall not become a citizen
of the United States until he not only takes an
oath of positive and affirmative allegiance to
us as a nation and4o our Constitution of Gov-
ernment, but also makes a solemn abjuration
of every particle of allegiance that he has before
acknowledged himself to owe to any other
nation on earth. In other words, we not only
say that we will make him a citizen, but we
compel him by a voluntary act of his own, in
order to make himself a citizen of this country,
to strip himself entirely naked of his former
allegiance and former obligations and assume
ours alone.
If we admit that any one can question the
efficacy of that principle as applied to this
great question, what follows? The remark-
able, the anomalous, the most inconsistent
result follows—that if these people do not
become absolutely and entirely citizens of our
country then they must be held to owe a
double allegiance—yes, a divided allegiance to
the Governments of the earth 1 Can we con-
sent, Mr. Chairman, that any citizen of this
country shall for one moment recognize that
his supreme obligations belong to another
Government in whole or in part and not to
ours? Can there be in this thing of citi-
zenship a division of sovereignty over our
citizens among different nations? Can there
be a parceling out of the obligations of nation-
ality by our citizens between us and foreign
nations ? No ; it is a legal absurdity ; it finds
no countenance in correct principles either of
common law, of civil law, or of the laws of
any of the nations of the earth. No nation
admits any such thing in its municipal laws.
The practice of nations is to the contrary in
all domestic government.
But we may be told that Great Britain
attempts to apply a rule of that kind in its
practice as against other nations. I admit it;
and it is against that practice that we as a
nation should forever protest; aye, we should,
when it becomes necessary, do more. We
should, unless we want to submit to an intoler-
able humiliation, assert, if needs be, with the
strong arm of power, the absolute citizenship
of every man whom we permit to take upon
himself, in the way provided in our laws, the
shield of our nationality.
I invite attention to another matter in con-
nection with the rights of foreign-born Ameri-
can citizens. Our Constitution provides that
Congress may prescribe a uniform rule of nat-
uralization. Our laws define what that rule
shall be. Our Constitution prescribes what
shall be the rights of foreign-bom citizens of
the United States in this country, not by recit-
ing what all those rights shall be, for that would
be an impossibility ; it would involve the writ-
ing of volumes to recite all the civil and polit-
ical and social rights of citizens in this coun-
try; but the Constitution does it in quite as
efiicacious a way by naming in that instrument
what shall be the limitations upon the rights
of foreign-born citizens, and by naming those
limitations upon their rights it excludes the
idea that there can be any other limitations.
For example, a man of foreign birth shall not
occupy a seat upon this floor until he shall
have been a citizen under our laws for seven
years, nor in the other end of the Capitol until
after nine years' citizenship in addition to the
qualifications required of native-born citizens.
Except those limitations, then,.I insist that it
is a fair, a logical, and a legal conclusion that
it was the intention of the framers of our Con-
stitution to limit his rights in no other way.
Mr. Chairman, I do not mean by what I
have said to assume the position here, as a
citizen of this country, to some extent famil-
iar with our laws and history, that the prac-
tice of our country has been in harmony at
all times with my position, that the declared
opinions of our publicists or of our writers
upon jurisprudence have been always in har-
mony with my opinion. Unfortunately I am
compelled to confess that they have not been
in such harmony. I regret it. I believe it is
traceable almost entirely to too great deference
to the time-honored institutions of that coun-
try from which we have borrowed so many of
our laws. It arises from too great respect
being paid to those principles of the English
constitution which were never incorporated
into ours, and are utterly inconsistent with our
whole theory of government, which the courts
of the country have no right to incorporate
into ours, which it is the province of the peo-
ple alone to make a part of our fundamental
law, if they are ever to become such at all.'
Why should we go to the common law of Eng-
land, based upon the old, defunct, and unjust
feudal system which was repudiated by the
framers of our Government as involving the
very machinery of tyranny, for principles upon
which to regulate the rights of our citizens?
Shall we not rather stand upon that funda-
mental idea of the absolute equality of nations
which implies the absolute and unqualified
power of each to regulate in its own way,
according to its own pleasure and its own best
judgment, the principles upon which it will
admit men of other nations to become mem-
bers of its political communities?
We find that, as I think, out of excessive
deference to the ideas and institutions of a
remote age and imperfect civilization, no less
excellent and distinguished a jurist than Chan-
cellor Kent expressed the conviction that "the
better opinion would seem to be" that the
principles of the common law still apply in
this country, and that even the citizens of our
own country have no right to expatriate them-
selves by leaving our country and taking upon
themselves the nationality of another. So
also does Chief Justice Ellsworth. In the very
first case that arose in the judicial history of
our country involving these questions he as-
sumed this very extraordinary ground in
speaking of the naturalization of persons who
hitherto were citizens of other countries. I
quote his language:
"We do not inquire what his relation is to his
own country- Wo liavo not tho means of knowing,
and tho inquiry would bo indelicate. Wo leave him
to judge of that. If he embarrasses himself by con-
tracting contradictory obligations tho fault and folly
are his own. But this implies no consent of the Gov-
ernment that our citizens shall expatriate them-
selves."
"No consent of the Government!" Is that
sound? No consent of the Government that
the people of this country may expatriate
themselves, when we not only consent, but by
our fundamental law declare, and by our prac-
