1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
B87S
the rate of pension, alone govern in tire adjudi-
cation of all claims whicli have been or shall
hereafter be made to a pension by reason of a
disease contracted, a disability incurred, or a
casualty occurring on or after the said 1st day
of January, 1868, in the military or naval ser-
vice of the United States, or death resulting
therefrom.
The third section provides that so much of
the acts approved April 6, 1838, and August
23, 1842, as requires that pensions remaining
unclaimed for fourteen months after the same
have become due shall be adjusted at the office
of the Third Auditor be repealed; and the
failure of any pensioner to claim his or her
pension for a period of two years after the same
shall have become due shall be deemed pre-
sumptive evidence that such pension has legally
terminated by reason of the pensioner's death,
remarriage, recovery from disability, or other-
wise, andrthe pensioner's name shall be stricken
from the rolls, subject to the right of restora-
tion to the same on a new application, with
evidence satisfactorily accounting for the fail-
ure to claim such pension.
It is provided in the fourth section that if
any officer, soldier, seaman, or enlisted man
has died since the 4th day of March, 1801, or
shall hereafter die, leaving a widow entitled to
a pension, and a child or children under sixteen
years of age by a former wife, each of said
children shall be entitled to receive two dollars
per month, to commence from the death of
their father and continue until they severally
attain the age of sixteen years, to be paid to
the guardian of such child or children for their
use and benefit. But in all cases where such
widow is charged with the care, custody, and
maintenance of such child or children, the said
sum of two dollars per month for each of said
children shall bo paid to her for and during
the time she is or may have been so charged
with the care, custody, and maintenance of
such child or children, subject to the same
conditions, provisions, and limitations as il
they were her own children by her deceased
husband.
The fifth section proposes to enact that all
pensions which have been granted in conse-
quence ofdeath occurring or disease contracted,
or wounds received, since the 4th day of March,
1861, or may hereafter be granted, shall com-
mence from the discharge or from the death
of the person on whose account the pension
has been, or may hereafter be, granted, pro-
vided that the application for such pension has
been, or shall hereafter be, filed with the Com-
missioner of Pensions within five years after
the light thereto shall have accrued.
The sixth section provides that immediately
upon the passage of this act, or as soon there-
after as may be practicable, without awaiting
application, it shall be the duty of the Com-
missioner of Pensions to notify by letter all
pensioners entitled to the benefits of the pro-
visions of the foregoing section, of theamount
to which they may be entitled, and to pay, or
cause to be paid to them respectively, all such
arrears of pensions as may he due under the
provisions of the foregoing section. And no
claim agent or othqr person is to be entitled to
receive any compensation for services _ in
making,application for the arrears of pension
under tins and the preceding section. _
It is provided in the seventh section that
section eleven of an act entitled " An act sup-
plementary to the several acts relating to pen-
sions,'' approved June 6, 18G6, be amended so
as to read as follows: "'That if any officer,
soldier, or seaman shall have died ot wounds
received or of disease contracted in the line of
duty in the military or naval service of the
United States, leaving a widow and a child or
children tinder the age of sixteen years, and it
shall be duly certified under seal, by any court
having probate jurisdiction, that satislactory j
evidence has been produced before such court j
that the widow aforesaid has abandoned the j
care of such child or children, or is an unsuit- j
able person, by reason of immoral conduct, to
have the custody of the same, or on prcsenta- I
tion of satisfactory evidence to the Commis-
sioner of Pensions, then no pension shall be
allowed to such widow until said minor child
or children shall have become sixteen years of
age, any previous enactment to the contrary
notwithstanding; and the minor child or chil-
dren aforesaid shall be pensioned in the same
manner as if no widow had survived the said
officer, soldier, or seaman, and such pension
may be paid to the regularly authorized guard-
ian of such minor or minors."
The eighth section provides that section six
of an act entitled "An act supplementary to
the several acts relating to pensions," approved
June 0, 1866, he amended and reenacted so as
fn oq f'nl]nwc! • '''!'lui.t ii anv nerson entitled
to read as follows : "That if any person entitled
to a pension has died since March 4, 1861, or
shall hereafter die while an application for such
pension is pending, and after the proof has
been completed, leaving no widow and no minor
child under sixteen years of age, bis or^ her
heirs or legal representatives shall bo entitled
to receive the accrued pension to which the
applicant would have been entitled had the
certificate been issued before his or her death."
It is provided in section nine that the remar-
riage of any widow or dependent mother other-
wise entitled to a pension prior to the applica-
tion therefor, or to the issue of a pension cer-
tificate to her, shall not debar her right to a
pension for the period elapsing from the death
of her husband or son, on account of whose
services and death she may claim a pension,
to her remarriage. But nothing in this section
is to be construed to repeal or modify the
fourth section of an act entitled " Anact sup-
plementary to the several acts_ granting pen-
sions," approved March 3, 18G5.
The tenth section enacts that the provisions
of the ninth section of an act approved July
4, 1864, entitled " An act supplementary to an
act to grant pensions,"' be hereby continued
in force for five years from the 4th day of July,
1867. , „
The eleventh section proposes to repeaf ail
acts and parts of acts inconsistent with the
foregoing provisions of this act.
Mr. PEliHAM. On behalf of the commit-
tee, 1 move to amend by striking out in the
fourth line of the first section the word sol-
diers," and inserting in lieu thereof the word
"persons," so that, the phrase will read
"dependent relatives of deceased persons."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PERHAM; I also move to amend by
inserting after section ten, the following as a
new .section :
That section 0110 of an act entitled 4 An act sup-
plementary to the several acts relating to pensions,
approved June 6, 1806, shall be so constiued as to
secure to every person entitled by law beiore the
passage of said act to a less pension than twenty-five
dollars per month, who while on military or naval
service and in the line of duty, having one eye, shall
have lost the same, a pension ol twenty-live dollars
per month.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PERHAM. I presume there will be no
objection to any of the provisions of this bill
i if they are fully understood ; and perhaps the
shortest method of disposing of the question
will be for me briefly to explain those provis-
ions. , ,
Mr. PETERS. I desire to suggestan amond-
ment'which I think ought to be made. The
bill now provides in the first section:
That if, in any case, the soldier shall have loft both
father and mother who were dependent upon mm,
then on the death of the mother the father shall
become entitled to a pension, coinmeneuis iioru and
atter the death of the mother.
I suggest the propriety of extending this pro-
vision^ depeudeut brothers and sisters. I
understand that this was included m the rec-
ommendation ofthe Commissioner .of Pensions,
but it has been omitted m the bill. Will the
gentleman allow such an amendment to be
offered? „ . , , T
Mr. PERIIAM. Mr. Speaker, as to that I
will say that the committee have considered
that proposition two or three times, and we
think that we have extended that provision
about as far as we think the House woulft like
to extend it. But I do not know there would
be any especial objection to allowing the gen-
tleman to offer his amendment.
Mr. PETERS. There are cases where the
preceding parties are dead and the soldier
leaves dependent minor brothers and sisters.
I know of such a case, where the preceding
parties died immediately after the soldier, and
did not live long enough to obtain a pension,
leaving dependent minor brothers and sisters
of the soldier.
Mr. PERHAM. I will yield to allow the
amendment to be offered.
Mr. PETERS. I will draw the amendment
and offer it hereafter. It is to provide, after
the death of the father and mother, for the
dependent minor brothers and sisters under
sixteen years of age.
Mr. 0 PSON. The same amendment which,
the gentleman moved to the first section, line
four, should be made in line ten.
Mr. PERHAM. It was overlooked. I move
that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PERHAM. Mr. Speaker, the first sec-
tion of this bill simply defines the order in
which pensions are to be granted.
The second section limits the pension to dis-
ease contracted in time of war. It will be
understood that prior to the war all our laws
granting pensions applied to wounds received
and disease contracted during a time of war
and not a time of peace. This places the law,
so far as that is concerned, back to where it
was, confining the right to a pension to such
cases as occurred during a time of war.
The third section refers to unclaimed pen-
sions. Gentlemen well know that, as the law
now is, if a pension is not claimed within four-
teen months of the time when it is due, it goes
to the Third Auditor's office, and the party who
has not done so and who is entitle.il to it must
go there and through a long process to secure
what is due to him. This gives it to the pres-
ent Pension Bureau, and it provides when he
shall make the proper proof he shall receive it
through the regular pension agents justas they
now receive their pension money.
The fourth section relates to the children
of a deceased soldier by a former wile, and
enables the widow to draw for them as well as
for her own children. By the present law the
widow is entitled to draw the pension of two
dollars a month for each minor child, but not
for the children which the_ deceased soldier
may have had by a former wife. This extends
it to those children.
The nextsecdon relates to arrearsofpension.
Almost every member knows that the invalid
must make application within one year after
the time of his discharge, in order to secure
his pension from the date of his discharge.
The provision of the law also is that those who
apply as dependent mothers or minor children
must make their application within three years,
in order to have their pension date from the
decease of the officer or soldier from whom
they derive their right to a pension. This
extends it for five years. It has been found
that for many reasons persons entitled to pen-
sions have delayed making their application
for pension beyond the time provided in the
present law, and their pensions date only from
the date of the application.
Mr. UPSON. Does this section refer to
pensions already granted ? If so, can the gen-
tleman state what will be the probable cost?
Mr. PERHAM. This section, as I have
said already, provides for arrears of pensions.
The next section provides in all these cases
it shall be the duty of the Commissioner of
Pensions to examine the applications; and it
further provides that in those granted the
money shall be paid through the regular pen-
sion agencies.
In regard to the expense, the amount that
it will take to pay these arrears ol pensions,
the committee have been unable to get definite
information. It is believed at the pension
department that the sum would not be very
large although the exact information cannot
