1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
851
40th Cong.,..2d Sess.
Representation in Congress—Mr. Yates.
Senate.
I answer that question by asking another:
Does New York exclude from suffrage, among
the people who are to choose members of the
Legislature, any large class of its citizens ? and
then I leave him to answer whether a govern-
ment that does that is republican.
Mr. President, I say to Senators that we
must look at things as they are. The disabili-
ties which heretofore existed against the black
man have been removed. Even admitting the
soundness of the hard ruling of theDred Scott
decision, what was it? That the black man
was not a citizen because he belonged to a
subject race, because a slave has no will, and
therefore cannot vote, and hence is excluded
from the body-politic. But now, that disabil-
ity is removed ; slavery is dead and will have
no resurrection; the genius of civilization
touched it, and it fell; the light of the nine-
teenth century blazed upon it, and it faded
away. By the thirteenth amendment of the
Constitution, slavery was abolished throughout
the land, and Congress was required " by appro-
priate legislation" to enforce emancipation.
By this emancipation, the disabilities which
attached to the colored race are removed, and
the colored man stands before the country and
the world a freeman and a citizen; emanci-
pated into the sovereignty, one of the people,
one of the body-politic, and is entitled to the
same rights and privileges that any other citi-
zen, of whatever color, may enjoy.
I admit, sir, in the language of the Chicago
platform, if you choose, that in the first in-
stance, the right of suffrage belongs properly
to the States to regulate tor themselves; but
it is subject to the Constitution of the United
States, to the Constitution as it is amended;
and especially to that particular clause in the
Constitution which says, that Congress shall
guaranty to every State in this Union, a repub-
lican form of government.
Now, let me repeat the question : What is a
republican form of government? Mr. Madi-
son, in fee forty-second number of the Fed-
eralist, says: "The definition of the right of
suffrage is very justly regarded as a funda-
mental article of republican government," and
he speaks at length on that subject. I only
read enough to show that the question, who
shall vote, is of the essence of a republican
government, and enters into the definition of
what is to be considered a republican form of
government.
Mr. Madison further says in the Federalist,
No. 57:
"Let me now ask. what circumstance there is in
the constitution of the House of Representatives
that violates the principles of republican govern-
ment, or favors the elevation of the few on the rums
of the many? Let me ask, whether every circum-
stance is not, on the contrary, strictly conformable
to these principles; and scrupulously impartial to
the rights and pretensions of every class and descrip-
tion of citizens? Who are to be the electors of the
federal Representatives? Not the rich, more than
tho poor; not the learned, more than the ignorant;
not the haughty heirs of distinguished names, inore
than the humble sons of obscurity and unpropitious
fortune. The electors are to be the great body of
the people of the United States. They are to be tho
same who exercise the right in every State of elect-
ing tho correspondent branch ot the Legislature of
tue State."
Now, what I say emphatically, and what the
people of this country will indorse, is, that in
the light of the Declaration of American Inde-
pendence, in the light of the Constitution of
the United States as amended, any State gov-
ernment which excludes one large class of citi-
zens from suffrage is not a republican govern-
ment. It must embrace the representation of
the great body of the people without distinc-
tion of race or color. I maintain that propo-
sition, and I say that no Senator can maintain
the reverse. I say emphatically, that the
equal right of every man to vote and to aspire
to office is essential to republican government,
and if he is deprived of that right, the govern-
ment which deprives him ofitisnot republican.
Sir, in its spirit and in its letter, and in sub-
stance, the adverse plea is bad. The very
essence, marrow, and life of a republican gov-
ernment, the very basis of republican govern-
ment, is equality of all its citizens. The ques-
tion whether any class of citizens can be ex-
cluded from the right of suffrage, is a vital and
a fundamental question. It is the only ques-
tion to be decided in this argument. It is sub-
terranean, it runs under the very foundation
corners of republican government, and if you
acknowledge the right to thus exclude any class
of citizens, you loosen thfe earth around and
beneath the corner-stones and the structure
will fall. Whenever a Government attempts to
exclude any large class of its citizens from the
rights which it gives to other citizens, it ceases
to be republican. Such exclusion stamps it
with the brand of an oligarchy as indelibly as
did the spot of blood on the hand of Lady
Macbeth stamp her as a murderess.
And the argument that Illinois or New
York or Ohio is a republican form of govern-
ment, if it excludes any large class of citizens
on account of race, color, or previous condi-
tion, if we are to judge it according to the
foundation theories of our governmental sys-
tem, is not worthy of a child ten years old.
The Republican masses of the country under-
stand it, and last year the Republicans of Ohio
tried to make their government republican, to
make it conform to the Constitution of the
United States, by conferring the elective fran-
chise upon all her people without regard to
race, color, or previous condition.
I am not asking what is an approximation
to a republican form of government; I am not
inquiring whether Illinois is not more repub-
lican than some Government in Europe or
than some other State. I am not trying to
decide that question ; but 1 am trying to decide
the only issue that is before the American peo-
ple, and that is presented by the Constitution
of the United States, namely, whether any
Government which excludes a citizen from his
rights, except for mere temporary disability,
such as age, or residence, or crime, is a repub-
lican form of government. Why, sir, a man's
right to vote is as sacred as any other right
that he has. To rob a mail of that right is as
wicked as the law of slavery, which robs liira
of his wife, or child, or of himself.
What is the theory upon which the Govern-
ment of the United States was built? What
was the cause of the Revolution? For what
did our fathers fight, but the principle that
taxation and representation must go together,
and that all just government must be founded
upon the consent of the governed, not a part
of the governed, not half of the governed,
not an oligarchy, but upon the consent of all
the people? A majority of all the people of
the United States are to decide those ques-
tions by which the rights of all are protected,
the will of all is represented, and the Gov-
ernment itself is maintained and preserved.
Go back to revolutionary days : go back to
the door-steps of those little meetings of our
fathers, as they stood up with wounds yet bleed-
ing, fresh from the Revolution, and with the
blood and sweat of battle running clown their
furrowed cheeks ; listen to their discussions,
and what do you hear? Their only remon-
strance against the mother country was her
asserted right to tax the Colonies without their
consent. This was the initial cause of the
Revolution. It was for this that the blood of
our fathers consecrated the battle-fields of the
Revolution; it was for this that John Han-
cock and James Otis spoke ; it was for this
that Warren fell—a denial of the right of Gov-
ernment to tax the people without their con-
sent.
This power in Congress to guaranty a
republican form of government to the States
is a mighty and a vital power. It is the wisest
power in tho Constitution, It is the only
power by which the national Government can
! preserve its nationality, by which it can se-
i core equal representation, by which it can
put the States upon an equality. It is the doc-
trine that was designed to protect the States in
their rights in the true sense of " State rights,"
so that all the States should be upon an equal
footing, and the citizens of each State should
enjoy all their rights in every State of the
Union. As the Senator from Massachusetts
well said in one of his speeches, "this guar-
antee clause has been a sleeping giant but
recently awakened during the war, and now
comes forth with a giant's power."
Sir, what is the duty of the Republican party?
What position should the Republican party
lake ? Will they stand back appalled by the
statement that the question is settled ? Will
they join the State-rights party upon the other
side of the House, and in the South, and say
that Congress has not the means for its own
preservation in its hands, and assert the doc-
trine of State rights, by which the leaders of
the rebellion are to control the legislation and
the destinies of this country?
Mr. President, I wish to say to Senators and
Representatives, and to all of the Republican
party, that we have to meet this question of
suffrage. It must be met. It confronts us in
the next elections. It confronts us in the new
relations of five million people set free. It
confronts us in the imperious demand made by
the emancipated race for enfranchisement. We
cannot ignore the question. Burying your head
in the sand will not obscure you from the keen
gaze of the pursuer. Your opponents will meet
youupon every stump, and ask you whether you
are for universal manhood suffrage. It cannot
be dodged. No question of finance, or banks,
or currency, or tariffs, can obscure this mighty
moral question of tl^p age. No glare of mili-
tary glory, not even tho mighty name of Gen-
eral Grant, can stifle the determination of the
people to finally consummate the great end
and aim for which the Republican party was
brought into being. We are to be for or against
suffrage. If we are for it, how many States
shall we lose? I mean as a State question.
How many will there be like Ohio, bowing to
the prejudice of color and caste and afraid to
proclaim their honest sentiments ? How many
States shall we lose if we are for it? If we
ignore it, if we give the lie to the whole record
of our lives and evade it, try to dodge it, then,
I think I can speak for Illinois alone, we shall
be beaten by fifty thousand majority upon a
vote taken in that State.
How, then, do I propose to settle this whole
question ? The States have in the first instance
acted upon it; they have established govern-
ments which are not republican in so far as
they exclude portions of the people from the
ballot-box, and I would by a bill not ten lines
in length declare that no State shall in its con-
stitution or laws, make any distinction in the
qualifications of electors, on the ground of
color, caste, or race, and that all the provis-
ions of any constitution, or law of any State,
which exclude persons from the elective fran-
chise on the ground aforesaid, shall be null and
void.
Such a law would be constitutional and just
to every section, just to all the people; and
the people instead of opposing it, would hail it
with joy and gladness. The}' would pronounce
it the wisest act that the Congress of the Uni-
ted States had ever performed, because itwould
remove this bone of contention from the arena
of State politics; it would forever settle this
disturbing question ; it would make citizenship
uniform in every State of the Union. And
if we would exercise our power "by laws
necessary and proper" to pass such a bill as
this, the effect would be salutary, and would
result in the final and certain triumph of the
Republican party. I know, sir, what timidity
suggests to the minds of Senators, but a bold,
honest, straightforward coursc would set this
country rightupon this question, and we should
gloriously triumph in every election.
Shall the part? which has come up through
