352
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[June Jl,
Senate.
Representation in Congress—Mr. Yates.
40IH CONG....2X> SESS.
great tribulation, lias faced all these questions,
the abolition of the slave traffic in the District
of Columbia, the abolition of slavery in the
District, the fugitive slave law, the emancipa-
tion of the slaves, the employment of colored
troops, the establishment of negro suffrage in
the District of Columbia and in the rebel States,
shall the party now hesitate before it takes the
last final step of a full, complete, and glorious
triumph?
Sir, the people do not understand that argu-
ment which say§ that Congress may confer upon
a man his civil rights and nothis political rights.
J.t is the pleading of a lawyer ; it,is too n arrow
tor statesmanship. They do not understand
why a man should have the right to hold prop-
erty, to bring suits, to testify in courts of justice,
and not have the right to $ voice in the selec-
tion,of the rulers by whom he is to be governed,
and it) making.the laws by which he is to be
bound. Shall he have civil rights without
the power of protecting himself m the enjoy-
ment of them? What is liberty, what is eman-
cipation without enfranchisement? What is
the abolition of slavery, unless you employ the
power conferred upon you by the Constitution,
as amended, '' to enforce by appropriate legisla-
tion' ■ the rights ofthe emancipated slave ? Shall
this party which has been the champion of the
equality ol all men, which has proclaimed it
upon the housetops everywhere throughout the
land, now shrink from asserting practically the
equal rights of all men of this race ? Shall we
draw Mason and Dixon's line between the rkht
to vote in the North and in the South ? Shall
we impose pn the South, the votes of four or
five million ignorant people just released from
slavery, and refuse it to the more enlightened
and intelligent colored ofthe North, who
are much fewer in number? Is that the posi-
tion of the great .Republican parly? Will it
hesitate to exercise a power clearly vested in
Congress by the Constitution of the United
States, and to confer the same rights upon all
the people, in.every section, North as well as
South',.East as well as West? Will you by
doing injustice—yes, sir, absolute injustice—
to the free colored men of the North, lose their
votes in the coming presidential election, and
in the States where the balance of powerwould
be in their hands?
lou know well that the argument was used
with wonderful effect in Ohio, that argument
which lost us our valued Senator, [Mr. Wade ;]
that while wo, the great Republican party,
could impose equal suffrage 011 the southern
people, we were not willing to impose it upon
ourselves; that while we could do justice 10
the loyal millions of ignorant black men in the
South we could not do justice to the loyal
thousands of intelligent black men in the
North; I refer to this because to this issue we
are forced, and ive might as well face it at
once. The power is with us. We have exer-
cised the power in the southern States. We
have the ssame^ power in the northern States,
and every consideration of justice, expediency,
and success demands the prompt exercise o(
the power.
I kuowitis asked, Why not have the Consti-
tution amended ? I ask, why have it amended ?
When the Constitution says, that we shall by
necessary and proper laws, carry into elfect this
provision of the Constitution, when we have
the power by law to ,do it already, why have
a constitutional amendment? We have not
time-—we^ cannot wait for an amendment to
the Constitution. How long would it be before
Kentucky would consent, by agreeing to ratify
such a constitutional amendment, to give
enfranchisement to her colored population?
At least fifty years ; and so of Maryland, and
of many noithern States. A constitutional
amendment will not accomplish the object.
By wailing for that we shall commit the same
.mistake that we committed when we did not
at the end of the war, declare all the slave i
States, except Missouri, disloyal, and act for !
them all as disloyal States. Such a constitu-
tional amendment would, perhaps, never be
adopted. I say there is no necessity for amend-
ing your Constitution in this way. Use the
power; you have it. Read your Constitution ;
understand it; you need not amend it: but
exercise the power it clearly confers.
It is said that such a law would be subject
to repeal if Congress were to pass it. That is
true ; but then I have the authority of my col-
league, and I have the authority of the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Shebuax,] for saying that such
a law would not be repealed. The Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] said the other day,
that when these rights are once conferred, they
will never be given back. My colleague said,
and trulj said, that when these men once get
these rights, they will never give them up, and
as the Senatorfrom Ohio well said, the tendency
of all legislation of this day, is in favor of the
extension of the right of suffrage.
Mr. President, it i? "the era of good feel-
ing'' we want, such as existed in Monroe's
administration, when all questions were settled,
when all the States were 111 harmony each with
the other. This question settled we will have
an 1' era of good feeling,'' States all the same
ill their rights, individuals having the same
rights, no sectional jealousies, this disturbance
removed from politics entirely. There is 110
way under the sun by which it can be done,
but for Congress to exercise its just and con-
stitutional powers by a law for that purpose,
and not throw the question into the caldron of
State politics, a bone of contention, there to
divide the people, it may be for fifty years to
come. Rather let ns, by one sublime act of
nationality, broad as the clause ofthe constitu-
tion abolishing slavery, confer these rights
upon every citizen in every State ofthe Union.
__The Republican party cannot stand still.
If it stands still, or recedes, it dies. It must
move forward. When we set five million peo-
ple free they had to be taken care of. They
had to be made citizens. But are they taken
care of, when we deprive them of the rights
which belong to other citizens? Will the Re-
publican paity fail to take this last final step
in this mighty onward movement of human
progress? Sir, suppose the almighty Archi-
tect of the Universe, after he had created the
heavens and the earth, the sun and the moon
and the stars, on the sixth day, had ceased his
work, and not created man and breathed into
him the breath of an immortal soul. So
would it now be, if the Republican party,
after vindicating the beautiful and beneficent .
system of government designed by the genius i
of our revolutionary sires, should fail to con- |
summate the last great act, and admit to equal
enjoyment with themselves, the immortal mil-
lions, who for two hundred years have sighed '
and suffered under our rule. {
I know, sir, that the other party say that the
Republican party are attempting to establish I
the supremacy of negro rule. 1 wish to say '
in regard to that, simply that with no decent
regard to truth can any man say that the j
Republican party propose to establish the
supremacy of negro lule. You cannot point
me to the declaration of a Senator, or of a 1
politician, or of a newspaper of the Republican ,
paity, that says the Republican party is pro- j
posing to establish the dominion of negroes :
over the country. No, sir; that is not the ;
doctrine of the Republican party. The doc- :
trine of the Republican party is the equality !
of all men, and the supremacy and rule of all ij
men. I might, with much more propriety, say j
that the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doo- '!
little] is trying to establish rebel rule in this ,j
country than he can say the Republican party j
is trying to establish negro rule, because, he is :
willing to enfranchise the leaders of the rebel- |j
lion, the men who organized civil war, the men j
whose hands are rod with the blood of our I
country's defenders, and whose lips are fresh ]
with perjury ; when lie is willing to take them
into the high places of the Government, to
allow them to resume their former positions of
power and aw&y, I may, truly say that he is in
favor of rebel. rule, but I deny that it can be
said that any .Republican Senator has ever
declared anywhere, that he was in favor of
negro rule.
Now, Mr. President, the ery of negro equality
is equally senseless and groundless. States-
manship, nor constitutions, nor laws, noth-
ing can make ail men equal in fact. From
what a lofty, shining light would Frederick
Dpuglass have to fall, to reach the low level
of Andrew Johnson? Far as the angels fell.
"Hurled headlong flaming from the ethereal sky."
*
" Nine times the space that measures day and night
To mortal men."
Statesmanship, however, can confer upon men
the same chances in life, the same protection,
the same laws, the same privileges, the same
rights of every kind.
The fact that one race is superior to another
is no warrant for its having superior advan-
tages ; 011 the other hand, if there is any
adyantage, it should rather be in favor of pro-
tection to the meek, the humble, and the lowly.
I believe, myself, that the pure American
Anglo-Saxon man is the highest style in all
God's created humanity, and therefore I believe
he can fight his way through, without having
an advantage by law over his poor colored
neighbor and fellow-citizen, and that he is not
in danger of being subjected to that negro rule
and supremacy, of which so much is said.
It is contended by the Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Patterson] that there should
be a qualification, that only those who can
read and write should vote. I reply to this,
that we ourselves, by our own action, have
conferred suffrage upon those who cannot
read and write. Providence overruled us in
this regard. In order to have loyal States in
the South, we were compelled to confer suffrage
upon those who could not read and write. On
the other hand, there are thousands of white
men in the State of Kentucky, and iu the State
of Illinois, and in every other State, who cannot
read and write, and yet who make good citi-
zens. We cannot, by any principle of equality,
confer suffrage upon any favorite class, either
of intelligence, wealth, birth, or fortune.
There is this advantage in universal suffrage;
that the masses, though ignorant, are honest,
and they are a check upon the intelligent oli-
garchy, to whom, I am sorry to say, have been
traced mistakes and corruption upon many and
many a bloody p>age of history in all times past.
The true theory is to trust the Government
of the American people as our fathers made
it, to the consent of the governed, founded
upon the rights of all the people, to the strong
common sense of all the people. There is
more virtue and more intelligence ia all the
people, than there is ia a part of the people.
All the people, all the virtuous people, all the
wise people, all the ignorant people, must be
consuited._ We must trust that one foiee will
counterpoise the other in the future, as it lias
done m the past.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
ner] is a very learned man : but, 1 would not
be willing to tinst the legislation of this
country in the hands of a hundred men like
him. ^ 1 rofessor Agassiz is a very classic man.
We live with Longfellow in his poetry. Henry
Vaid beecher and Theodore lilton are men
of rare genius, sparkling wit, and surpassing
CiOquence; and yet I would not trust the gov-
ernment of this people iu the hands of such
men alone. I take it that the banker knows
more aboutfmancesthan the Senatorfrom Mich-
igan [Mr. Howard] does, because his pursuits
are different; the merchant knowsmore about
barter and trade, and the poor man knows the
wants of poverty, and the wants of the people,
better than the rich or the intelligent. Jeff.
Davis is an educated man—educated at the
