THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March-11,
certificate stated that they were blank pieces
of paper which they destroyed, and the other
certificate stated that they were $18,6-13,000
of United States securities. These are straight-
forward statements.
Mr. VAN WYCK. You say the certificate
was not on before the bouds were destroyed.
Mr. PHICE. I say it was not there when
these men signed this.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I say the gentleman is
wrong.
Mr. PRICIS. When I yield the floor to my
friend from New York it will be time to take
it. I say when these men certified they had
destroyed these bonds I do not know they have
been destroyed, because when they signed that
they signed what was not true. They certified
they destroyed United States securities, and
these men come iu afterward and say they
were not securities of the .United States, but
blank paper.
This, sir, is a bold fact, and can easily be
understood. These men certified they de-
stroyed $18,643,000, and other men certify to
the fact that they did not destroy a dollar of
United States securities. That is the effect of
it. Every man can see for himself. I have
stated the facts exactly as the records show
them. I repeat, so there shall not be the least
misunderstanding: these men positively cer-
lifytliey destroyed $18,640,OOOof United States
securities, and the other men certify they were
blank paper. The whole difficulty is that either
one or the other of these men do not certify to
what is the truth. I now yield to my friend
from Illinois, [Mr. Logan.]
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I desire to have
read to its completion the report which the
Clerk began to read. Before he commences I
wish to say, in plain, simple, clear language,
so nobody can misunderstand the matter, that
this is suppressed evidence taken before a com-
mittee organized to investigate the Treasury
Department; that this is the report of the mi-
nority of that committee. It is evidence which
was produced before that committee, but re-
jected by the majority of that committee, and
incorporated in the report of the minority.
The Clerk will read from the suppressed evi-
dence. I make that statement so there shall
be no misunderstanding. It is evidence not
accepted by the committee, but is incorporated
in the minority report.
Mr. GARFIELD. The paper from which
an extract lias been read is a copy of the
charges sent by Mr. Wilson, of New York, to
the Secretary of the Treasury at a time
previous to the examination by our committee.
When that paper was offered to the committee
they said they would not accept it, but sum-
mon the man himself. The man was sum-
moned and underwent a long examination be-
fore that committee, and his evidence is in
print as a part of their report. The commit-
tee thought it improper to put in the report a
letter of that particular man himself when he
had full opportunity before the committee to
give his evidence. Subsequently the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Brooks] put that
with other matters in what he called "sup-
pressed proceedings," which I always thought
was a rather scaly proceeding.
Mr. LOGAN. I propose now to have this
suppressed document read. It is signed by
Mr. Jordan, the present Solicitor of the
Treasury. It is evidence sworn to before that
committee. I wish it to be read. The House
and the galleries will excuse a portion of it,
but it is necessary to be read to show the
character of this man.
The Clerk read as follows:
"A cursory reading of a printed letter addressed by
Clark to the Secretary, and marked ' private,'doubt-
less to keep it out ol'the hands ofmembers ot the com-
mittee, who would be likely to rc&ent its scurrilous
flingrs and innuendoes, impressed me at first as a suc-
cessful refutation of the report: but upon referiing
careiully to the report itself, I find the so-called
reply loaves the material points untouched. Tlyit
report. I therefore make part of my ease.
4. Iiu:4n>'ssiiic0i>>i>elency.—Clark has tailed in every
business enterprise he ever undertook, and in every
ease inquiry shows the failuro was duo to liis vision-
ary > unpractical character, combined with improvi-
dent and extravagant or immoral habits. He failed
as a maker of rules atllarttord and Brattleboro'; ho
tailed as the superintendent of coppei smelting works
atSiiasbury, Connecticut: lie tailed as a flour mer-
chant in New York. Prior to his employment in
Washington, bis only success seems to have been as
clerk aud bar-tender at the Carioton House, a sec-
ond-class hotel of this city, where he was engaged in
those capacities for three or four years.
"5. immorality.—An incident which occurred during
the latter portion of Clark's residence in New York
did as much as anything else, unless his reckless spec-
ulations on Wall street be excepted, to destroy the
credit of the fain of Clark & Coleman, and procure
its failure. The facts, which were reported in the
papers of the day, may be briefly stated asiollows:
a brothel in the eighth ward had made itself espe-
cially offensive to tiic police as a resort of the most
profligate and dissolute of the community. It was
found necessary to break it up. A descent was
planned."
Mr. ELIOT. I rise to a question of order.
There is a great deal in that document that
ought not to be read. I suggest that it be
printed in the Globe and not read from the
desk.
The SPExYKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The report made by this com-
mittee last evening was in regard to the can-
cellation and destruction of bonds. As the
chairman of the committee has said, anything
in regard to the official character of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, the superintendent of
the Printing Bureau, or the employes of that
bureau, will be in order. The Chair will not
restrict debate to any extent in regard to that;
but the private character of any of the em-
ployes, either male or female, is not before the
House. The House has ordered no investiga-
tion of that kind, therefore it would not be in
order to discuss it.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well. I will now say
that I only desired to present this as evidence
sworn to before a committee showing the char-
acter of some of the individuals who have
charge of millions of dollars belonging to this
Government. That character, it seems, is so
damnable that it cannot be read in this House
on account of its immorality. I desired to-
show that the character of one of the principal
men of the Treasury Department is so infa-
mous that it cannot be read in this House.
The SPEAKER. The House has ordered
no investigation into that subject. If it had
this would be in order.
Mr. LOGAN. I withdraw the call for the
reading of it, and yield to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Raxdaix.]
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the reading of
the report of the committee on the subject
before the House.
The Clerk read as follows:
The joint Committee on Retrenchment, to whom
was referred the following resolution:
" itesolved, That the Committee on Retrenchment
be, and is hereby, instructed to investigate the chaiges
made by the gentleman fiom Illinois,[Mr. Logax,]
in reference to the false certificates ot the destruction
ot .S18,<)4y,0u0 of United States bonds to report to this
House to-iuonow"—
would respectfully state that they examined a num-
ber of witnesses, and Had the following facts:
That the paper on which bonds are printed is issued
by theclnet ot the currency and printing to the count-
ing division, where if. is counted by three official count-
ers, the pcisou receiving being eharged and account-
able for every sheet, at the same time the character
and denomination of the bonds is assigned to each, so
that the aggregate of values is known in each issue.
Sometimes, however, in the course of preparation,
some sheers are soiled or torn, or defectively printed.
Of such, a record is duly made, counted byaeoinmit- ■!
tec, burned, or destroyed by m.iM-eration under the I
direction of another committee, with the same par- !|
iiculanty as bonds once issued and leturned. This >;
is the theoiv and practice ot the bureau. This is the !}
process; A committee of three or (our, one each from ! i
the Secretary's, Register's, aud Treasurer's ollice, to ■!
count the bonds and curicncy returned for destruc- , i
tion. ,i
Then a committee of four, one each from said 'j
offices, and a citizen outside the Department ap-
pointed by the Secretary, whose duty is to receive '
from the first committee and see that all such bonds , i
and emrency are actually destroyed. However, all :!
bonds for destruction must come through the Reu'is- ■
ter's office, where they are canceled by punching ;l
both the bond and the respective coupon in the ca^e ;
of coupon bonds.
Three books of registration are kept in which are !
entries of thy number of bonds destroyed, and their '!
denomination certified by the counting committee. h
Also a certificate of the second committee that the >
same have been burned or destroyed, '<
Said books arc kept, one in the Secretary's, one in ;
the Register's, and one in the Treasurer's oftiee. jt
When sheets, partly printed or blank, are destroyed H
it has been usual to designate, not only the number
of the sheets, but the denomination they would have
if the sheets had been perfected into bonds and
issued. Everything appears as if the bonds were
perfect, except that at the top of the page of the
books of certificates is stated thcvalueand character
of the sheets destroyed; if not complete bonds tho
statement shows how far the' sheets were printed;
sometimes on the face, back, tinted, bronzed,
blanks.
During Secretary Chase's term the Printing Bureau,
being charged with the number of sheets and tho
denomination thereof the same as printed, claimed
acredit should be given the bureau for each sheet
money tho value it was intended to possess.
Secretary Chase sustained the view of the bureau:
Geneial Spinner, the Treasurer, not only dissented,
but refused to have them so credited. It was finally
agreed that there should be the same lormality in
counting and destroying, and the same record as in
tho case of bonds perfected, and that they should be
credited not as money, but denominated "statis-
tical;" that is, a form aland designated record to cor-
respond with the original issue.
The present, charge of abstraction is of registered
bonds issued under the act of March 3,1863. Sheets
were issued in June and July, 1864, to print a large
number ofdifFerentdonominations. Before they were
all used a committee of four was appointed by Sec-
retary McCulloch to make inquiry into the affairs of
the Printing Bureau, who made an inventory of all
bonds, complete and defective. They also found cer-
tain blank sheets for this issue of bonds being the
lot in controversy, not yet printed or soiled. These
they also took, making an account thereof under tho
denomination to have been attached to them by
printing, folded and delivered them to Mr. Root, of
the Treasurer's office, who receipted for the sixty-five
thousand sheets as blanks with the denominations
named.
lie placed them in charge of Mr. Sellers, the head
of the cast room, who placed them, sealed, in his
vault, where they remained till December, 1867,
when, a question arising what disposition to make
of them, the Secretary ordered that they should be
destroyed.
They were then duly counted by the counting com-
mittee as to the number of sheets and intended
denominations, of which a rccord was duly made,
and they were then delivered to the destruction com-
mittee to be destroyed.
A schedule ot the number of the sheets and de-
nominations was delivered to Mr. Neale, of tho
Register's office, one of the destruction committee,
Not knowing the meaning thereof, as fte had never
before destroyed any perfect blank sheets, except in
small quantities, although ho had been in that depart-
ment over eighteen months, Mr. Neale made inquiry
why said sheets were to be destroyed, and why a rec-
ord of denominations was added. He was informed
as above stated, and declined signing the ordinary
certificate of destruction until the counting commit-
tee had certified tho condition of the sheets.
They were then destroyed, and a certificate in ac-
cordance with the facts signed on the proper books,
before described, and containing the statement and
certificate of thecounting committee.
On tho top of the page on which thf said statement
and certificates were entered it is distinctly stated,
and they were called " blanks."'
A copy ol said page is annexed and made part of
this report.
No person through whose hands they passed had
any idea that they were destroying them in place of
or as substitutes for bouds. All knew they were
blanks—tho whole proceeding was public and open.
After being taken by tho Secretary's committee of
inquiry tho sheets were not again in charge of the
Printing Bureau.
The attention of General Spinner was called to this
matter about three weeks ago. Ho examined the cir-
cumstances and found uo fraud. IIis attention was
again called to it on the Utu instant, lie did not in-
tend to convey the impression that there was any
fraud, for he knew there had not been, lie did say
it was wrong to destroy blank paper, aud nUo wroncr
to denominatcit bonds, whichshould be explaim J;
and had he known it was to be destroyed he would
not have allowed it. lie wa* not aware that it cus-
tomary to destroy blank paper.
The character of the bonds alleged to be stolen sus-
tain the above facts. It will be remembered they
were registered. In the office of the Register of tlio
Treasury is kept an account of every registered bond,
with the name of the persou to whom payable; and
before each ^emi-anniuil period for the payment of
interest a schedule, is made oMt for each place where
there is a sub-Treasuiy, and w heie the holders reside,
and the proper amount to meet the inu rest at each
placc is remitted. At each ehanire o<"' ow nei-hij> the
bond is sent to the Register's oiliee, ami a new bond
issued to rhe now ownyr.
It was, theieiore, evidently impossible by a combi-
nation of all the pci-on« thi'>u:rh whose hands the
sheet* parsed, niiled by o\ erv pei-on in the Printing
Bureau, to consummate a iraud ot this kind without
detection.
Eighteen millions of bond? wUh fKt'tiou? names,
or bonds oulered to be destroyed in the Register's
ollice, could not possibly be u-cd nid escape discov-
ery. Under a concurrent ievolution of the two
Hou-es, adopted in March a .-nb-cjsniuitfoe of
the committee has been engaged in (he investigation
of the issue of the various loans ot' the Gov eminent
since the beginning oi ISdl, inqwii iivz into rhe details
of each loan, the number of bond*printed, the num-
ber issued, the number destroyed, and the vol-
uminous testimony m regard to tiieso poinU will bo
laid before Congress in due time.
The committee having found nothing irregularin
the matters referred to, thatno frauds were attempted,
