468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
tice have uniformly and ever since the morn-
ing of our existence as a nation practiced upon
the idea, that all the citizens of every other
nation ou earth may choose and change their
allegiance when they please ? Will it be seri-
ously contended that an American citizen shall
not be allowed to expatriate himself without
the consent of his Government when we are
in fact giving that consent day by day and year
by year in just so far as we have failed to leg-
islate upon the subject at all, and have per-
mitted our citizens to go literally when and
where they please, to divest themselves of our
nationality and clothe themselves in that of
another nation? Can we now say that they
have no right without our consent to expa-
triate themselves ? Are we not, in other words,
estopped either from denying the right of for-
eigners to come here by virtue of the right of
expatriation, or from denying that our own
citizens may leave the country when they
please and assume other obligations?
Mr. Chairman, so apparent was the hard-
ship and so doubtful the correctness of the
opinion of Mr. Chancellor Kent, to which I
have referred, that he felt called upon in the
same connection to say:
" The naturalization laws of the United States are,
however, inconsistent with this general doctrine; for
they require the alien who is to be naturalized, to
abjure his former allegiance without requiring any
evidence that his native sovereign has released it."
It is entirely safe to say that the modern and
more just conclusion on this subject, at once
approved and required by the enlightenment
of the age, is correctly expressed by Mr. Cass,
in 1859, in his instructions to our minister at
Berlin, that—
"The right of expatriation cannot at this day be
doubted or denied in the United states. Tho oppo-
site idea has been repudiated. The most eminent
writers on public law recognize the right."
To the same effect are the opinions of all
our late Attorneys General of the United
States.
Now, sir, by what X have said in this con-
nection I do not mean to assume the untena-
ble position that any man can leave the country
of nis nativity and go into another while he
owes positive duties that are prescribed by the
laws of his country, and which have actually
attached to his person before he leaves his
country, and thus rid himself of those obliga-
tions. By no means. On the contrary, I
assert that if his duties to the country of his
nativity have become fixed and have attached
to his person, or if he has violated the laws
of his country, by which he has become liable
to suffer the penalties imposed upon him for
such violation, then I say that he can change
none of those obligations by going abroad and
assuming another nationality. In other words,
that no nation can make itself a place of refuge
for criminals from other nations. For exam-
ple, if the citizen of another country, at the
time of his departure,, owe military service
thereto, and he has been actually conscripted
or drafted, and has been notified thereof, and
departure without the performance of such
service is declared a crime by the laws of such
country, then no other nationality can justly
claim to protect him against the penalty of
such evasion if he voluntarily return to his
native country. We never have attempted to
assert any such 'principle as that, but I do
assert that when persons innocent of crime,
free from such fixed obligations, come to our
country and make themselves a part of us, it
is cowardly in this nation to suffer them, when
they return to the country of their nativity
upon an errand of affection, of business, or of
pleasure, to be denied those rights which are
accorded by the laws of that country to the
citizens of other nations. That is the position
that I assume.
I desire now, Mr. Chairman, to invite atten-
tion to a few events in the history of our own
country which serve to illustrate the subject
about which I am talking. Before, however,
I do that, let me state, without referring to
any of the authorities—for that is always te-
dious—what I understand to be the established
and conceded law of nations to-day as to this
principle of the right of expatriation in one
particular phase of the subject. It is the law
that if a citizen of the United States shall go
to Prussia, for example, or a citizen of Eng-
land shall come to the United States, and each
become naturalized in the country of his adop-
tion, and shall then, in the course of his busi-
ness or for any lawful purpose, desire to enter
any other civilized country on tho earth as a
citizen of the United States in the one case, or
as a citizeu of Prussia in the other, he is enti-
tled then to the absolute and unqualified pro-
tection of his adopted country; aud no nation
questions that right. _ In other words, if a man
of foreign birth originally owing allegiance to
Austria, for instance, should come to this coun-
try and take upon himself our nationality, he
might then return from our country and for
any la,wful purpose go within the jurisdiction,
theterritorial limits, of any other "nation, and
he is there entitled to be recognized as a full
citizen of the United States, and entitled to
all our protection, and to demand, if needs be,
the entire power of this nation to protect him.
That principle of international law is now set-
tled, I think, beyond a question. It is the
uniform practice of the nations of the earth.
But the ground on which they differ with us is
this: they say that when a citizen of one coun-
try goes to another and takes upon himself the
nationality of that other, aud then returns to
the country of his birth, his original obligation
revives, and he may be held there either to
perform military duty or to perform any other
of the obligations that originally rested upon
him as a citizen of that (jpuntry. In other
words, they hold that when a citizen of one
country leaves it and becomes a citizen of an-
other, and then returns to his original coun-
try, he remains a constructive member of the
society in which he was bora, and is liable to
answer to all the obligations and duties that
might have been imposed upon him by the laws
of that country either before he left or upon
his Return. That is the doctrine that is now
making so much trouble in the world.
Now, let me see how far the nations have
gone in reference to us in recognition of the
principle that we assert in connection with
this subject. And I will first invite attention
to the somewhat celebrated case of Martin
Koszta. You all remember that Martin Koszta
was one of those noble men loving liberty who,
in 1848, joined in the revolution in Hungary
against the tyranny of Austria, and undertook
to assert for that noble race their equality
among the_ nations of the earth, and their
right to enjoy the blessings of that glorious
principle of self-government upon which our
institutions are erected. But unfortunately
that revolution failed, and he became a refu-
gee from his country. In order to escape the
wrath of Austria he went to Turkey, and while
he was in Turkey his personal security was
threatened by the minions of Austria, and then
he further fled to the city of New York and
put himself under our flag. After he had been
one year within the limits of our country he
voluntarily took upon himself the preliminary
oath of allegiance, commonly called the "dec-
laration of intention." After remaining here
eleven months longer he returned, not to Aus-
tria, but to Turkey ; and having business in the
town of Smyrna he asked the protection of the
American consul and received from him the
evidence of American nationality in the form
of the tezkerek, as the Turkish passport is
called, which at the time of his unlawful arrest
lie bore upon his person. Disregarding the
rights that he had acquire^ by coming here,
and violating the territorial sovereignty of Tur-
key, the brutal minions of the tyranny of
Austria on a certain occasion seized that man
and threw him into the bay of Smyrna, and in j
a moment, upon preconcert, he was picked up
by some men from an Austrian brig-of-war just
at hand and taken aboard her. Then it was
that, with a spirit of just indignation, the brave I
Captain Ingraham brought his guns to bear in
the assertion of the dignity of his country upon
that Austrian brig and demanded the surren-
der of this inchoate citizen of the United States
thus inhumanly arrested. A time for parley
was given, and it resulted in an arrangement
by which Martin Koszta was surrendered by
the Austrian authorities, not to us, but to the
consul general of France at that port, and he
' remained in the personal custody of that offi-
cer until, as the result of negotiation and sub-
sequent diplomatic correspondence between
the authorities of Austria and of our country,
he was discharged and set at liberty.
_ There was a direct assertion by us of our
right to protect the citizens of this country,
whether they had become so in the full sense
of our Constitution and laws or had simply
assumed the mere primary, the mere inchoate
citizenship, which is created by the declaration
of an intention to become full citizens. Our
authorities in connection with that case, in
the correspondence which was carried on
between Secretary Marcy and Chevalier Hul-
| seman, from 1850 to 1853, assumed this posi-
I tion. I read from one of the communications
j from Secretary Marcy on that subject:
| " All that we can demand of Austria, and this we
can demand, is that in her proceedings against
American citizens for offenses committed within her
I jurisdiction she should give them the full and fair
benefit of her system, and deal with them as she
does with her own subjects or those of other foreign
Powers."
And it is further stated, in one of the same
communications, that "the right to protect
persons having a domicile,, though not native-*
j born or foreign naturalized citizens, rests on
; a firm foundation in justice ; and the claim to
| be protected is earned by considerations which
j the protecting power is not at liberty to dis-
regard."
Mr. Marcy maintained the claim of Koszta
to our nationality on account of his domicile
| and inchoate citizenship connected with the
circumstances of his exile and arrest.
Such, I believe, is the logical and legal
deduction to be drawn from that case. It is
sometimes improperly quoted as justifying the
broad declaration that the right of expatriation
has been recognized by all the nations of the
earth. It does not, however, justify that broad
declaration.
I now invite the attention of gentlemen to
another case which arose in 1852 and 1853—I
refer to that case usually known as Thrasher's
case. In that case the man whom I have
named was a native-born citizen of the United
States, owing allegiance originally to us. Dur-
ing the excitement in regard to the seizure of
Cuba and during the excitement of the Lopez
expedition Mr. Thrasher became a fillibuster,
as we then denominated them. He undertook
to cast off his allegiance to this country and to
become a citizen of Cuba in order to carry out
his plans in connection with that expedition.
To that end he obtained what were called "let-
ters of domiciliation" in the island of Cuba.
In that way, by a voluntary act of his own, he
indicated his purpose to cast off his native
nationality and to assume another nationality.
In tho fortunes of that expedition which sub-
sequently followed this man Thrasher fell
again into our custody. The question was
raised whether he had committed treason
against Cuba or whether he had ceased to be
a citizen of the United States, so that he could
not be prosecuted in our own courts for a vio-
lation of our laws of neutrality. In 1850 Mr.
Webster used this language in that case :
" No man can carry the aegis of his national Ameri-
can liberty into a foreign country and expect to hold
it up for his exemption from the dominion and laws
of the sovereign power of that country unless he bo
authorized to do so by virtue of treaty stipulations."
But he also refused to consider & native-
bom citizen of the United States entitled to
the protection of this Government after hav-
ing taken out letters of domiciliation to enable
him to prosecute and transact business in Cuba
as a Spanish subject or domiciled foreigner,
which was the case with Thrasher, who waa
