39CQ
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to say in this
case that in the opposition I have made to the
resolution I have not been moved by any
doubt that the present clerk has rendered ser-
vice commensurate with what it is proposed to
pay him. It is not because I do not think he
is worthy of all the resolution would give him;
but I can see in this resolution that it fastens
upon us another salaried officer in the shape
of a committee clerk. Reference has been
made to the clerk of the Committee of Claims.
Before the establishment of the Court of Claims
that committee had all the business before it
that now devolves upon the Court of Claims.
Jtwas really a judicial body. It kept a record,
and it was necessary to have a clerk of consid-
erable acquirements. He was, in fact, a man
of very high character. But since the Court
of Claims has been established the business
of the committee has dwindled and become
inconsiderable, and the clerk of that commit-
tee ought not to be salaried any more than ten
other clerks of committees in the House. We
know that the Committee on Invalid Pensions
has a great amount of business to do at this
time, but after one or two Congresses the busi-
ness will fall off unless we have another war.
We know the claims of pensioners under the
revolutionary war and the war of 1812 are
referied to a single committee, and that it has
very little work at all. If I am incorrect my
colleague will correct me. I should be un-
willing, therefore, to see the clerk of this com-
mittee made a salaried officer. The House has
never been niggardly toward its officers. It has
always been liberal, and I am quite sure it will
be so in this case. I trust, therefore, that the
gentleman will not feel bound to pass his reso-
lution.
Mr. MILLER. A word in reply to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee. I hope he will not
insist, upon his objection. This laborer is cer-
tainly worthy of his hire. We have had dur-
ing this session seven hundred and eighty-five
cases before the committee. This gentleman
has received for his compensation during the
last Congress for one year only $792. He has
had to commence early in the morning and
work till late in the day. The lowest salary
of Department clerks is $1,200, and they work
from nine till three or four o'clock. Now, I
am perfectly willing to limit the compensation
to the present Congress. We ought to include
the entire Fortieth Congress, but as the Clerk
of the House has settled the account till the
1st of .July we cannot go back. This gives
the young man a meager compensation for the
labor he lias before him. The constituents of
the gentleman from Tennessee bring before
our committee their full share of the labor
which this clerk has to perform. I hope,
therefore, the resolution will pass. I demand
the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the gentleman to amend the resolution limit-
ing the compensation to the 4th of March,
18l>9. If there is no objection the amendment
will be considered as agreed to. The question
is on the resolution as amended.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 understood the gentle-
man to demand the previous question.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman insist
on the previous question?
Mr. MAYNARD. Suppose the previous
question is sustained, and the House then
adjourns, when will the resolution come up
before the House again?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it will
come up as unfinished business as soon as the
business pending at the recess to-day is com-
pleted in reference to the Palls of St. Anthony.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest that it take
that course.
Accordingly, by unanimous consent, the pre-
vious question was seconded and the main
question ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the House
adjourn.
•The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at nine o'clock and forty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, <fcc., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. COBURN: A memorial of Delass
Root and others, citizens of Indianapolis,
Indiana, praying for the enlargement of the
ship-canal at Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan.
By Mr. HILL: The petition of John P.
Brown and others, of Charlottesburg, Morris
county, New Jersey, representing that the
depression of manufacturing industry affects
disastrously every form of production and busi-
ness, and must reduce the revenues and en-
danger the credit of the Government, and
praying for such increase of protective duties
as will revive manufactures and restore pros-
perity to the country.
By Mr. JONES, of North Carolina: The
petition of Captain Hogshead and others, of
North Carolina, asking compensation for ser-
vices rendered the United States during the
rebellion.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of La Fay-
ette Green, Hon. W. W. Holden, and seven
others, of the county of Stanley, North Caro-
lina, asking for the removal of disabilities of
said La Fayette Green.
Also, the petition of Edward W. Davis, of
the county of Stanley, State of North Caro
lina, asking for the removal of his disabilities.
Also, the petition of James T. Ramsey, of
the county of Stanley, State of North Caro-
lina, asking for the removal of disabilities.
Also, the petition of John W. Morton and
7 others, of the county of Stanley, State of
North Carolina, asking for the removal of dis-
abilities of said Morton.
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 10, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, and by unan-
jmous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
resignation of senator johnson.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the following communication; which
was read:
"Washington, July 10,1868.
Sir: I have the honor to inform you that I write
by this day's mail, to the Governor of my State, re-
signing my seat as a Senator of Maryland, the resig-
nation to take elFeet at once. Do me the favor to
m:iko the fact known to the Senate.
I remain, with high regard, your obedient servant,
REVERDY JOHNSON,
lion. Benjamin F. Wade. President United States
Senate, Wuslnnffton.
house rill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1381) providing for an
election in Virginia, yesterday received from
the House of Representatives for concurrence,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of officers
of the United States Army praying the pas-
sage of the bill to fix and equalize the pay of
officers and to establish the pay of enlisted
soldiers of the Army; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of soldiers
and widows of soldiers of the warof 1812, pray-
ing to be allowed pensions ; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
reports of committees.
Mr. DRAKE, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, submitted a report accom-
panied by a joint resolution (S. R. No. 157) in
relation to the Union Pacific railway, eastern
division. The joint resolution was read and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORGAN. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the draft of a
section prepared by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury for incorporation into one of the fiscal bills,
together with a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury recommending the repeal
of all acts and parts of acts which authorise the
abatement, reduction, or return of duties on
account of damages occurring to merchandise
during a voyage;- or from injury or destruction
by fire, or other cause, after reaching port and
while yet in custody of customs officers, have
had the same under consideration, and have
come to a conclusion unfavorable to the recom-
mendation of the Secretary, and have directed
me to make a report in writing. I move that
the report be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the follow-
ing bills, reported them without amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 1222) granting a pension
to Catharine Ginsler;
A bill (H. It. No. 1223) granting a pension
to Margaret Filson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1224) granting a pension
to Jane E. Rogers ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1225) granting a pension
to Patrick Collins;
A bill (II. R. No. 1220) granting a pension
to Barbara Weisse;
A bill (II. R. No. 1228) granting a pension
to Joanna L. Shaw ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1229) granting a pension
to Anna H. Pratt;
A bill (H. R. No. 1230) granting a pension
to Hannah K. Cook ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1231) granting a pension
to John Morley;
A bill (H. R. No. 1232) granting a pension
to Ruth Barton ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1233) granting a pension
to William F. Moses ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1234) granting a pension
to Frederica Brielmayer;
A bill (H. R. No. 1235) granting a pension -
to Johannah Connelly;
A bill (H. li. No. 1236) granting a pension
to the minor children of Michael Travis ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1237) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of James
Cox ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1238) granting a pension
to Lavinia A. Gittings, mother of Andrew J.
Gittings.
Mr._ VAN WINKLE. I also report back
the bill (H. R. No. 1227) granting a pen-
sion to Martha Ann Wallace, with a view of
asking to be discharged from it, and at the
request of the friends of the applicant I move
its reference to the Committee on Military
Alfairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
memorial of members of the First Church and
Society of Boston, submitted an adverse report
thereon : which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the Protestant
Episcopal parish of St. Mary's, Burlington,
New Jersey, submitted an adverse report
thereon : which was ordered to be printed.
trustees or colored schools.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
The Committee on the District of Columbia,
to whom the subject was referred, have directed
me to report a bill (S. No. 609) transferring
the duties of trustees of colored schools of
Washington and Georgetown, and to ask for
actio'n upon it at this time. It is very short
and will take but a moment.
By unanimous consent, the bill was read
twice by its title and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to so modify
the acts of Congress authorizing the appoint-
ment and defining the duties of the board of
trustees of colored schools for the cities of
Washington and Georgetown as to transfer all
the duties heretofore imposed by those acts on
the trustees of colored schools to the trustees
of the public schools in those cities.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
