1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1853
neither could any have been consummated in tho
case of registered bonds, do, therefore, ask to be dis-
charged iroiii the further consideration of the resolu-
tion.
Schedule of Unitsd States 5-20 registered bonds, act
March 3, lSiiS. 13.LANKS
returned by me this day to be destt oyed.
Kumber of
packages.
O ,
.
Sg
O
s a
3
d
c .
So
c w
G
O
P
! Face value, j,
Discount. 1
1 1
§
'rt
>•
0
Of Scents?
*
Ot 5 cents.
Of 10 cents.
Of 15 cents.
Of 'I'S cents.
Of 50 cenis.
Of $1
Of £2
Ot £5
Of §10
Of SlU
1
2,800
Of S50
$1-10,000
Of $100
Of SoOO
1
3
Of $1,0(J0
3.000
1
3,TOO
Of £5,000
18,500,000
Of $10,000
No. 3.
} Total, , , j
| §18,(543,000
Amounting, as above stated, to SIS,643,000.
Treasurer's Office, December 13,18C7.
Treasurer United Stales.
Treasury Department,
"Washinoton*, December 19,1867. -
We hereby certify that ali tho United States secur-
ities specified and described in the foregoing sched-
ule wefe this day totally destroyed m our presence.
W. V. S. WILSON,
For the Secretary of the Treasury.
CIIAIILKS NEALK,
For the Register of the Treasury.
J. W. WIIELPLEY,
For the Treasurer of the United States.
UJKOKGEM. DAVIS,
Specially appointed by the Secretary.
I certify this to be a true copy of the certificate
contained in the books of tho Treasurer's office.
FKANIC JONES, Assistant Cashier.
Washington, March 10,1SU8.
These bonds are but blank pieces of paper. Tho
authority of tho committee for denominn ting them as
bonds of specified value is derived from slips that ac-
company each package, which slips are made out in
office of Mr. Clark.
J. N. BURKET./or Secretary.
ALBEKT S. SEELY. for Ririistei'.
R. COURTNEY, for Treasurer.
Mr. RANDALL. I now offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the report and testimony bo recom-
mitted to tho Committee on Retrenchment, with in-
structions to report at the earliest practicable time
whether any and what changes are inquired in the
piesent mode of conducting the printing of the Uni-
ted States notes and bonds: and that they have leave
to report by hill or otherwise.
I now yield to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] for five or ten minutes.
Mr. DAWES. I do not design to enter into
the discussion of the special matter which has
engaged the attention of the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logax] or the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. VaxWyuk;] butone matter
has attracted my attention with it which has
caused me more uneasiness than any other,
and that is the mode in which the accounts are
kept of the destruction of bonds. Therefore,
upon the motion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Randall,] that this report be
recommitted, I desire to call attention to that
matter.
Some four or five years ago, before thePrint-
ing Bureau had grown to the magnitude to
which it has since attained, when I was in the
city of New York, on a certain occasion, I was
shown, iu the office of an engraver in that city,
the different parts which go to makeup the
whole of the several vignettes that form the
plates upon which our bonds and our currency
had been struck off and printed in this Print-
ing Bureau, and I was shown how easy it was
to counterfeit them, and I was convinced that
the whole confidence which the public would
have in these bonds ultimately rested upon the
integrity of one mail. I came back here and
Struggled with some few who cooperated with
me in this House to break up the Printing Bu-
reau in the Treasury Department, not because
I had any lack of confidence in any gentleman
connected with it, but because, let it be con-
stituted as it would, let one man or another be
put there, ultimately the entire confidence
which the country would have in our credit
system rested upon the integrity of one man.
That discussion very soon degenerated into
personal charges against Mr. Clark, who then
happened to be in the bureau. Nothing was
further from my intention than to have raised
any such issue, but it degenerated into that,
and the public mind was diverted from the in-
herent defect in the system to an issue raised
upon the integrity of Mr. Claik. And from
that time to this this establishment has gone
on and grown into the magnitude and propor-
tions to which it has arrived, so that $2,500,-
000,000 of bonds of the United States, of vari-
ous denominations, are abroad in the coun-
try, and the whole integrity of the matter falls
back upon one man.
Mr. WELKEIt. Let me make one sugges-
tion in reference to counterfeiting. "When 1
was in New York on one occasion 1 examined
the operations of the American Bank Note
Company, and I found that that company were
printing paper money for the Italian Govern-
ment and for several of the South American
republics, and making it perfect and complete,
to be delivered for circulation without a single
signature or mark being placed on it by the
Governments of those countries. That shows
the degree of confidence that the Government
must necessarily place in the officer who makes
currency for any country.
Mr. DAWES. What the gentleman states
is true, and they also printed bonds for the
confederacy at the same time.
Now, I want to call attention to a matter
upon this sheet, copied from the books of the
Treasury, that does not seem, from what I have
heard, to have attracted the attention of the
House, and that is of more consequence, it
seems to me, than the mere form in which
these accounts are kept. Let me read:
"These bonds are but blank pieces of paper. The
authoiity of the committee for denominating them
as bonds of specified value is derived from slips that
accompany each package, which slips arc made out
m the office of Mr. Clark."
So that the whole thing comes back and
rests upon the integrity of Mr. Clark.
Now, I am not here upon the floor to make
the slightest suggestion in relation to Mr.
Clark; but I do say that §18,000,000 is too
much to rest upon the integrity of one man ;
and the whole oftlie United States bonds, their
faith, whether they be true or false, or whether
thele may not be ^2,500,000,000 ot other bonds
abroad in the land just like them, falls back at
last on the integrity of one man, and, whether
he be a St. Paul or any other man, it is too
much to rest the credit of this Government
upon him.
Upon the question of recommitting tins re-
port to the Committee on Retrenchment, with
instructions to inquire whether legislation may
be called for in connection with what has arisen
here, I will ask the House to take notice of
the fact that there is developed here just what
I had the honor to state to the House five or
six years ago, that at some time this whole
system would break down upon the fact that
some man's integrity is not sufficient to bear
up under all the temptations that, with a con-
fidence most amazing, this Government is will-
ing to repose without question upon his integ-
rity.
Mr. RANDALL. That the House may more
attentively listen to the resolution than they
seemed to before 
Mr. MILLER. Will my colleague yield to
me 
Tho SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall],has but six minutes
of his time remaining.
Mr. RANDALL. I cannot yield now. I
ask that the resolution I offered be again read.
The resolution was read, as follows :
Resolved, That the report and testimony bo com-
mitted to the Committee on Retrenchment, with^in-
structions to report at the earliest practicable_ time
whether any and what changes .11-9 required mthe
present mode of conducting the printing of United
States notes and bonds, and that they have leave to
report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. JUDD. Will the gentleman allow me
to suggest an amendment?
• Mr. RANDALL. I will hear it.
Mr. J UDD. Also to inquire into the fitness
of the party who now controls the Printing
Bureau.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not want to descend
to personal investigations, and therefore I can-
not assent to that proposition. If the gentle-
man wants to know my individual opinion,
after an examination of the subject, I will say
that I think that person ought long ago to have
been removed, or at least suspended. I was
in favor of suspending him, at all events, dur-
ing the examination into this subject. After
the appointment of the Committee on Re-
trenchment I looked into-this subject care-
fully and, I thought, dispassionately; certainly
as dispassionately as I knew how to do ; and
I became thoroughly convinced that there were
gross abuses in connection with this printing
of United States notes and bonds. But I
had the assurance made to me at that time
that many of the abuses which were then made
apparent to the committee would be corrected ;
but the same abuses eome up here again to-day,
the subjects of this examination. Hence it is
that I have offered this resolution, which pro-
poses that the Committee on Retrenchment
shall thoroughly examine this subject of bond
printing; and if, after mature deliberation,
they shall deem legislation necessary in con-
nection with this subject they are instructed to
report such needed legislation.
Not a single gentleman, even of the signers
of this report, (of whom I am not one,) has
commended the manner in which these books
of tho Treasury Department have been kept.
One after another they have told us that the
books of the Department are not kept in the
manner in which they should be kept. The
gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Halsey] has
told us that they are not kept in the manner in
which any business man who properly under-
stood business would for a moment have his
books kept. Now, the Department having
failed to keep the promises which were made
to correct these abuses, it is time that some
legislation should be introduced into this
House which would result in more security
and safety in relation to this matter than now
exists in connection with the printing of these
bonds. If any gentleman will go into that
Department and examine into this matter he
will see that any engraver who chooses to turn
counterfeiter can rob this Government to an
unlimited amount.
As to Mr. Clark and his integrity I know
nothing about him and I care nothing about
him. I never saw him in my life until I came
to Washington. And since I eame here I can
say I have had no official intercourse with him,
except in connection with this committee.
But I am convinced that so much power should
not be vested in any man, I do not care who
he may be, without some proper cheeks and
balances. Mr. Clark may be as honest a man
as any in the country; yet, with the present
system, those immediately under him will have
an opportunity to defraud the Government.
In regard to bonds being duplicated I have no
doubt that some have been so duplicated hon-
estly ; that is, the duplication has been done
by the Government, and tho bonds have been
properly issued. In fact, I may be permitted
to say that it came to the knowledge of the
committee, in at least one instance, that those
were genuine bonds bearing the same number.
How that was explained—however, it could
not be fully explained ; but it was attempted
to be explained, and the explanation failed to
prove satisfactory. Yet both of those bonds
were legitimate and genuine. Now, it is time,
in my judgment, that some such action as I
have suggested should take place cm the part
of Congress. I hope, therefore, that so simple
