1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4f>&
charged with being implicated in the Lonez
expedition. In other words, he held tnat
Thrasher, by his voluntary act, concurring with
the acts of the country to which he went and
whose protection he sought, had ceased to be
an American citizen, thus recognizing the
right of expatriation by our citizens.
t desire now to state briefly what I conceive
to be the duties of this country upon this great
subject. And first I wilt remark that in mv
judgment we have been committing errors, it
not positive crimes of omission, for the last
fitly years, in so far as we have during that
time tailed to exert every influence and agency
by diplomacy or other peaceful means by which
we miijht have been able, long before the
present time, to bring the nations of the earth
to recognize this distinctive and undeniable
principle of American law. This is a q\ies-
tion, it seems to me, that ought to have been
settled long ago.
Way, sir, in 1812, after our national territory
had been outraged many times upon the decks
of our vessels which are deemed, for the pur-
pose of protection, a part of our territory, and
our power had been contemned and humiliated,
we did finally go to war to vindicate the sacred-
ness of our national domain, for that was all
that was settled by the war of 1812. That war
of 1812 was provoked by the outrages and most
untenable claim of Great Britain to exercise the
right of impressing American seamen from the
ships of our commercial marine. An assertion
of that kipd involved, as every gentleman will
see, the declaration by Great Britain of the right
to invade our territory in order to take from
oar protection and control any person who had
ever owed allegiance to her, because the ships-
of-war and the commercial marine of every
country constitute in the theory of the law of
nations a part of the national territory, and are
entitled to the protection of the national laws
under which they sail. We successfully vin-
dicated our right to be exempt from that kind
of outrages and humiliation. No attempt has
since been made to assert such a doctrine. It
is true that Great Britain has never formally
surrendered the claim of right to do that thing,
but she has been very careful never since to
assert it as a right by an attempt to make
impressments.
Now, it becomes our duty to go a step farther
in the vindication of oar national dignity, and
that step is the only one that is necessary in
addition to what has already been done to vin-
dicate the right of the citizens of this country—
I care not what may have been their allegiance
of origin—to the protection of the United
States wherever they may go for legitimate
purposes. How can we, Mr. Chairman, com-
promise upon any lower ground than this?
Can any nation do it without surrendering
the very fundamental idea of the equality of
nations ?
Now, I do not propose that the United States
shall attempt, by the vain formula of a law of
Congress, to declare what shall be the rights
of American citizens in foreign countries, be-
cause such a law would be simply a nullity; it
would possess no validity whatever beyond our
own territory. No nation can prescribe the
municipal regulations of another nation. But
when a nation suffers its own people, under the
very eye of its own power, by physical transfer
of themselves at least, to relieve themselves
of the actual control of the mother country
and to go abroad never to return except as
citizens of another nation—I say that when a
foreign nation goes that far and suffers mil-
lions of her people, as England has done, to
come to this country and take upon themselves
our nationality, how can she question our right
to make American citizens of these people and
to throw around them our whofe protection ?
Is it conceded by any man in this country, by
any publicist who ever wrote, that if by any
of the accidents of life one hundred thousand
of the citizens of this country owing by birth :
allegiance to Great Britain should happen at
any one time to go back to that country for
any lawful purpose Great Britain could place
her hands upon those hundred thousand Amer-
ican citizens and keep them there forever—
chain them again to the car of her power and
deny to them the protection that we have
undertaken to give to them? The assumption
when it is carried out to its natural results is
absurd. It is unnatural, it is cruel. And I
say that it becomes this country to make good
to these foreign-born citizens the rights we have
guarantied to them—not by the vain ceremony
of a law of Congress, but to put into the hands
of those departments of the Government whose
duty it is to manage such affairs just so much
power as may be necessary in order to enable
them to go on and vindicate those rights and
secure the establishment and recognition of
those principles. Let us put at the command
of the executive department of this Govern-
ment that kind of power, as a mere municipal
regulation, that will enable him to assert our
rights abroad in this particular; and my word
for it, Mr. Chairman, not only Great Britain
but every nation upon the earth, if they do not
concede the justice of our principles, will at
least concede our power and will cease to at-
tempt such outrages upon our citizens as have
of late aroused not only the people of this
country but the friends of this country all over
the earth. Let us do this and there will soon
be established an additional article in the code
of international law which shall assert and for-
ever settle this right of expatriation as a right
inhering in the citizen—innate, if yon please,
in every adult human being. The idea that
allegiance can be perpetual is simply the idea
that men who have brains and nerves and love
I liberty may be made perpetual slaves to tyr-
| anny out of mere deference to a*principle
which had its origin in a dead institution whose
aim was, when alive, to make all men slaves
to their rulers. The feudal system, out of
which this doctrine arose, has entirely ceased
to exist in its original form and character, but
it left to mankind, as bad institutions always
, do, a heritage of evil precedents and vicious
! principles, from which it seems difficult even
: for us to relieve ourselves.
| I would not do anything in this matter that
could by any nation be deemed a threat or a
menace. I would act with dignity, with earn-
estness, with emphasis, in the declaration of
1 our purposes and principles, and then I would
• await the results in the subsequent practice of
I nations. England to-day has no desire to get
into a war with any nation, and above all, Mr.
[ Chairman, with this young giant Republic, by
! whom she has been humbled, not only in the
j exercise of its infant powers but many times
, since. She has no desire to provoke another
| issue of physical strength with us, and if she
| does her statesmen know, as well as people
i outside of England know, that it will be the
j signal for a vindication of the principle upon
! which we stand in this particular; it will be
, the signal upon which her own people Will
come, not to her rescue, but to ours; and we
, will be vindicated, if needs be, upon her own
soil and under the very eye of her queen.
Why, Mr. Chairman, the very principle about
! which I have been talking, that has invited so
i many people from so many nations to our
i eountry and has incorporated them into our
! political system, has created between their peo-
1 pleandus, not their princes and rulers, ten thou-
sand, ay, ten million ties of affection, of love
of liberty, of admiration, that any nation upon
earth may well tremble before she encoun-
ters or undertakes violently to outrage. It is
equally, in my judgment, a matter of duty
upon our part not to suffer those ties to be
violated by permitting other nations to treat
any of our citizens as persons owing allegiance
to them after their naturalization by us.
Now, sir, I do not mean to contend that in
the exercise of our duty in these matters we
should even seem by anything we may do to
be making ourselves the defenders of men who
enter foreign countries from ours, or from any
other, to violate, the laws of those countries?
When men go abroad to violate the laws_ of
another nation they go there taking their liv6B
in their hands ; they go there prepared to meet
the consequences and to suffer the penalties, if
they are so unlucky as to be caught. Such
men, if they be brave men, ask no protection
from us for such palpable violations of the laws
governing the intercourse of nations. If they
be criminals they deserve none, and never have
received any from us, and never should. The
doctrine of Great Britain by which she holds
that" once a citizen always a citizen," by which
she has even held in her past history that if by
any accident one of her princes should be born
upon the soil of another nation an act of Par-
liament would be necessary to invest that new-
born prince with full and secure English nation-
ality—that doctrine England may maintain if
she pleases against the weaker Powers of the
earth, but it is to us a humiliation if we suffer
her longer, either in practice or in any other
way, to act upon sucn principles in any appli-
cation to the citizens of this country who may
be lawfully within her territory. Under such
circumstances they are entitled to all the privi-
leges and protection which her laws accord to
the citizens of other countries. If to be tried,
they are entitled to such form and mode of trial
: as is awarded to the citizens of other nations,
■ and she has no shadow of right to seize and
subject them, like criminals, to ignominious
deportation without trial according to the laws
of the realm.
| Mr. BLAINE obtained the floor; but yielded
I to
Mr. BROOMALL, who moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the Pres-
ident's annual message,
conclusion thereon.
and had come to no
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. PILE. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say, in
explanation of what I said on the day before
yesterday at the suggestion of two gentlemen
from Illinois, with regard to Dr. Fowler and
his connection with certain transactions at St.
Louis, that the Doctor has since called upon
me and assured me that he withdrew from the
firm Connected with Mr. Goodell before the
majority of those transactions to which so much
odium attaches in that section of country, and
Was not personally responsible for them what-
ever they may have been. I had only heard
Dr. Fowler's name connected with that firm
by the common and uniform talk and rumor
all over that country, and knew nothing about
his connection with it personally; neither had
I been informed of his withdrawal from the firm.
I wish to give the Doctor the benefit of this
declaration made by him, and to say that I de-
signed no injury to him or to any other indi-
vidual, and should not have mentioned their
names but for their being suggested by a gen-
tleman from Illinois.
On motion of Mr. BLAINE, (at four o'clock
and fifteen minutes p. m.,) the House then
adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred -to the appropriate com-
mittees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of Adolph
Guttman, of Santa Fe, New Mexico, praying
the passage of a bill by Congress to secure
safety to passengers on the railroads of the
United States.
By Mr. PERHAM: The petition of Corne-
lia Peaslee, for pension.
Also, the petition of John Rook, for same.
By Mr. STOKES: The petition of Lieuten-
ant James F, Earley, of Bledsoe county, Ten:
nessee, for remuneration for services rendered
the Government.
Also, the petition of Captain Thomas Ranes,
<jf Cleveland, Tennessee, of similar import.
