1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2877
ment. I do so for the purpose of submitting
a few observations of a general character upon
this section. It will be seen that this section
confers upon the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, when he shall have been constituted
the head of a department of this Government,
the sole and absolute power to appoint every
revenue officer in this country. 1 submit that
it is contrary to the genius and spirit of all our
institutions and form of government—a Gov-
ernment of checks and balances ; and when it
. is plainly intended, as evidenced by the Consti-
tution itself, that a part of the legislative
department of this Government shall be con-
sulted in all appointments to office of an im-
portant character, I insist that it is contrary to
the design of the framers of the Constitution
in fixing the appointing power to confer such
absolute and imperial power upon any one
man as it is proposed to confer by this section.
Mr. SCHENCK. I feel compelled to rise
to a point, of order, in order to confine the
debate within proper limits. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Ward] is now arguing
the general merits of this section. The prop-
osition of the colleague of the gentleman is to
provide that the Representative of the district
shall be consulted or advised in regard to
appointments. I hope the debate will be con-
fined to that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules upon
the point of order raised by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] that it is compe-
tent to state, as reasons why the pending
amendment should not be adopted, that the
appointments should be made in some other
way. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Ward] will proceed.
Mr. WARD. I was about to state thatrjiot-
withstanding the objection I have to this gen-
eral power being conferred upon any one per-
son, if I could be assured that, in these days
of degeneracy and public fraud and corruption,
the present honest and, as I believe, incorrupt-
ible Commissioner could be retained in his
position for any length of time, in my anxiety
to secure some reforms in the Revenue Bureau
I might be induced to go with the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
Schknck] for this bill, because I favor the gen-
eral features of it.
But I ask the gentleman what assurance have
we that, the moment Congress has adjourned,
some other man whom we cannot trust, who
will be the creature of the President, will not
be appointed in place of the present Commis-
sioner? What assurance have we that, when
we have made this Commissioner the head of
a distinct department of the Government, the
President will not say that under the Constitu-
tion it is his right to nominate heads of depart-
naents, that we have legislated this Commis-
sioner out of office by creating a new depart-
ment of the Government, and that under the
Constitution the President must nominate the
head of this new department? And if the
President shall make such nomination during
the recess of the Senate, and shall commission
such appointee under the Constitution, the
commission to expire at the end of the next
session of the Senate, what is to prevent that
officer ad interim and de facto from turning
out every assessor and collector, and every
other revenue officer who is obnoxious to him
on any account?
I tell the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sciienok] and this House that I sympathize
cordially with the objects of this bill; that is,
to throw some guards around the revenue so as
to prevent the frauds now being perpetrated.
But I protest against the passage of a bill that
will put in the hands of the President and of
the whisky ring that surrounds him the power
to nullify your laws by lillingthese offices with
his creatures.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the
amendment by adding the words "and the
Senators from that State." The proposition
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
is that these appointments shall be made only I
upon the nomination or with the concurrence
of th'e Representative of the district, as I heard
it read.
Mr. WOOD. By and with the advice and
consent of the Representative from the district.
Mr. SCHENCK. Substituting the advice
and consent of the Representative from the
district for the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate.
Well, sir, the proof of the pudding is in the
eating. I find that in one of the districts of the
State of New York, the ninth, I think it is,
there are at present two officers, an assessor
and a collector, both of whom have been
reported, as I find from an investigation of
the records, as persons who ought long since
to have been removed. And I find that the
facts, which appear to be established, in regard
to the assessor are great inattention to his duty
and a gross want of any effort on his part to
suppress illicit distillation which is now flood-
ing the New York market with fraud whisky.
In reference to the collector of that same
district, I find that he is shown to be absolutely
ignorant of the law and of his duty, and to
manifest an entire incapacity to learn them;
that he is allowing his office to be entirely con-
trolled by corrupt subordinates who are in bad
repute throughout the city.
I think these statements are substantially and
very fully verified by documentary proofs on
file intheCommissioner'soffice ; and itisupon
this account that the removal of these officers
has been asked. Now, why are they kept in ?
I do not know whether the Representative of
that district has anything to do with keeping
them in ; I apprehend not. But what then ?
If by his advice and consent good officers could
be appointed, one would suppose that only
with his advice and consent would those who
are in be retained. However that may be, my
illustration is designed to show that we cannot
much rely upon the introduction of this new
feature that the advice and consent of the Rep-
resentative shall be obtained, for if Repre-
sentatives were such potent and competent
advisers as seems to be supposed, the prob-
ability is that the system would be workingbetter
even at this day. But instead of that, in this
very ninth district of New York, from which
comes the proposition that the Representative
shall in all cases be consulted, the assessor and
collector are both of such a character that they
ought long ago to have been removed ; and the
Administration has been in fault in not remov-
ing them, for appeals have been made to it to
do so.
I find that in the ease of both the assessor
and the collector the recommendation of the
Commissioner is "under consideration," as
was reported by the Secretary of the Treasury
on the-14th day of February last. It thus
appears that a demand made by the Coinmis-'
sioner months ago for the removal of these
two men is yet being considered or thought
upon. We are bound to believe that with
such officers the Representative of the district
has been making every effort to get them re-
moved. If he has been, it only shows that to
rely upon the Representative is not a good sys-
tem ; for all efforts which may have been made
to that end have been unavailing.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, I have no
disposition to dispute the statements of the
gentleman from Ohio ; I have no doubt the
facts are precisely as he has stated them to the
House. But 1 submit that those statements
are in no sense a reply to the grounds upon
which I sustain this amendment. The gentle-
man states that certain officers in, I believe,
the third district of New York, have been
faithless to their duty ; that the Commissioner
has recommended their removal, and that they
have not been removed. But he has not told
us that the Representative from that district
sustains those officers now holding their posi-
tions improperly. Now, in my judgment, it the
Representative in Congress from that district,
or any other district, liad the responsibility
resting upon him, the people of his district
looking to him to correct any abuse upon the
part of the collector or assessor, no Repre-
sentative, under such a responsibility, would
endeavor to maintain in office an improper
official. Therefore it is that I want each of us
to be responsible to the people of our districts
for the character of the men who shall be
appointed by this Commissioner; so that,
under our responsibility to the people, we may
be consulted as to proper appointments, and
should an official be detected in fraud that our
efforts for his removal may be effectual.
The remarks of the gentleman from Ohio do
not reach the case as I have presented it.
Until he can show an instance in which a liep-
resentativein Congress has assumed therespon-
sibility of defending a dishonest official, he fails
to meet the argument which I have advanced.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Wood was not
agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I move to
amend this section by striking out in the third
line the word "collector." This amendment
will enable me to say what I desire to say.
Believing, as I do, that the action of the Com-
mittee of the Whole last night amounts in effect
to an extinguishment of the office of Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue—entertaining no
doubt upon that point—I wish to state what will
be the condition of things if this bill in this
form should become a law. The moment this
act goes into operation, that moment the whole
six thousand ofthese officers, whose duties were
enumerated last night, cease to exist. The
Commissioner of the Internal Revenue ceases
to exist. On the adoption of this section every
officer of the internal revenue department ceases
to exist.
This is no addition to the duties of the
existing officer. It is the creation in the first
section of a new department—the department
of internal revenue is hereby established. At
the end of this bill the law creating ths pres-
ent bureau is repealed, and with it- goes down
everything that is created by it. What is tho
condition of things? In the midst of a presi-
dential canvass, in the heat and fever of that
canvass, the whole internal revenue depart-
ment of this Government is stricken down and
every officer in it extinguished m a moment.
We have to rely upou our success with the
President, and the Senate in creating a new
department and in appointing the head of this
department; and next, he has to create, by
reappointment, every one of the six thousand
officers who now discharge the several iunc-
tions provided for in the internal revenue
department. Every bond has to be reiixe-
cuted and approved, and this least of all times,
in the history of a four years' administration,
can be done safely at its close.
I submit to the House that we ought to stop
and pause and consider what are the matters
with which we have to deal to accomplish
the ends of the gentlemen from Ohio, [Mr.
Schexck.] We are not to shut our eyes to
the means in our power to have proper otiiceis.
I say to-day it is a serious question, with the
appointing power as it is, to succeed in lestor-
ing the administration of the department of
internal revenue to anything like efficiency
and fidelity. Even now, with all the compli-
cations surrounding it in that department, de-
plorable as is its administration, difficult as it
is and ruinous as it is in the country in its
present condition, what will it be without any
officer at its head, and the whole six thou-
sand, at one fell swoop, ceasing to exist, and
the department itself without officers to dis-
charge any of its duties, and waiting upon the
other end of the avenue forthe supply of those
who shall discharge the functions of these
offices?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. X object to his withdraw-
ing it.
The CHAIRMAN. It can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, when the
