2878
TME. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
Jiiue-5,
Committee of Ways and Means undertook to
revise the financial system of the country they
were engaged in solemn questions of finance,
and not considering a political problem. I
liave no hesitation in saying if I thought I
belonged to a party whose interest or whose
success was at variance with,the general inter-
ests of the country I would not sustain it. I
do not regard the interests of my party, I have
never so regarded it, as separate and independ-
ent from the best interests of the country. On
.the other hand, whatever legislation, whatever
public good .we perform beneficial to the coun-
try, such confidence have I in the principles
and integrity of my party that I ani satisfied
it will be benefited thereby. And I am sorry
to hear gentlemen discuss questions so broad
and sweeping in their influence from narrow,
limited views of party good or party success.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman allude to
the remarks I made ? I had not the slightest
reference to any good to my party.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am glad that I misap-
prehended thetoneof thegentleman'sremarks.
Mr. DAWES. What I did say was that this
internal revenue service will fall in consequence
of the complications iu which the adminis-
tration of the Government happens to be in-
volved at this moment. It will fall lifeless.
Mr. MAYNARD, If that is all the gentle-
man meant to say, I confess I overshot the
mark. I imagined the gentleman was striking
at something considerably beyond what he
seems to have done.
It is easy to keep the present officials and
the present machinery going until their places
are supplied. It is so plain, so clear, so obvi-
ous that no gentleman can have any doubt or
hesitation about it, that the present officers
shall continue in office until supplanted by
others. We do not propose an interregnum,
but that the process of collection of the reve-
nue shall go on until the new system goes into
operation.
I referred yesterday to the organization of
the Department of Agriculture. I might also
refer to the organization of the Department of
the Interior, which was made to embrace the
operations of the Land Office, the Patent Of-
fice, and the Pension Office. Those offices
did not stop for an instant, but went on pre-
cisely as before.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman will
allow me one moment I will call his attention
to a provision ill the last section of the bill:
And ■providedfurther. That no office created by the
said acts and continued by this act shall bo vacated
bvreason of any provisions herein contained, butthe
officers heretofore appointed shall continue to hold
the said offices without reappointment until their
successors, or other officers to perform their duties,
respectively, shall be appointed as provided in this
act.
Mr. MAYNARD. I thank the gentleman
for calling my attention to that provision, which
I suppose meets the difficulty suggested by the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
as I understand it.
What I said with reference to the merely
partisan or political effect, if not applicable to
the spirit of the gentleman's remarks, does
certainly apply to much that we have already
heard. The patronage proposed to be con-
ferred by this section upon the head of the
department of internal revenue, gentlemen
will please to remember, is not as extensive as
that which is now bestowed on the Postmaster
General, Secretary of the Treasury, and other
heads of Departments.
[Here the hammer fell.]
By unanimous consent the amendment of
Mr. Dawes was withdrawn.
Mr. BUTLER. I move to amend the pend-
ing section by inserting after the word " shall"
in the second line the word "not," so that it will
read, "the Commissioner shall not have power
to appoint and remove all collectors," &o. I
make this motion in order to be able to dis-
cuss this section in the broadest terms. My
objection to the section is this: that the com-
mittee—and I am sorry I was not present so
as to be able to record my vote against it—
have determined to change the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, and give the appointment
to the President of the United States. Now, I
am a little differently inclined in my mind from
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. May-
nard.] I believe whatever will advance my
party will advance the interests of the country,
and I believe whatever will injure my party
will injure the interests of the county. So that
whenever you say to me that such a thing is
going to aid the Republican party, I say that is
the interest of the country, and vice versa. I
have none of that mawkishness about it which
some gentlemen seem to have whenever party
is named. For if I believe anything that would
hurt my party would hurt the country I will
change the party.
Mr. WOOD. Do not come over on our
side again. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER. I insist it is not a question
of men, but a question of principle, lou have
agreed, as I understand it, to pass the first
section. That being so, you have legislated, in
my judgment, out of office the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. I think that is the legal
construction. There was a Bureau of Internal
Revenue; you have repealed that bureau.
There is to be a department of internal rev-
enue ; and you have established that depart-
ment. The man at the head of that bureau
cannot be by legislation thrust bodily into the
department.
This question was discussed at great length
in the debate of 1789. There it was held,
without contradiction, that the head of a De-
partment was not one of those inferior officers
who could be established under an act of Con-
gress, not appoinfable by the President, because
all the heads of Departments were held to be the
superior officers, on whom, under tie Consti-
tution, the President might call for written
opinions, and it is wholly outside of the question
whether they belong to what is now technically
known as the Cabinet or not. That being so,
you put a change of every officer in the power
of the President of the United States; and
whoever thinks that a good tiling to be done iu
the face of a presidential election, where such
great principles are involved as are involved in
this one, him I have offended.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr, SCHENCK. The amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Massachusetts can have
no other object than to destroy the bill, unless
he proposes to substitute something else. It
is simply that none of these officers shall be
appointed.
Mr. BLAINE. By the Commissioner.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then there is nobody who
can appoint them.
Mr. BL'UNE. Oh, yes,
Mr. SCHENCK. The bill substitutes a new
system for the present one, and it provides how
these officers shall be appointed, and if we
amend the bill so that it will stand with noth-
ing in it except that the Commissioner shall
not appoint these officers, taking away the
appointment by anybody else, it occurs to me
that the machinery is all destroyed.
Now, let me test the sincerity of these gen-
tlemen. Where is the power of appointing
these officers now ? Gentlemen are very much
afraid that they will fall into the hands of the
Administration. Sir, I alluded to this last
night, but now I will give you the figures; I
will give 3rou a list of the revenue officers who
were 011 duty on the 2Gth day of May up to last
week. There were two hundred and thirty-
nine collectors and two hundred aud thirty-
one assessors, one collector being an acting
appointment only, and nine assessors, but there
should bo two hundred and forty of each, mak-
ing four hundred and eighty officers appointed
by the President with the confirmation of the
Senate, and having that cheek upon the ap-
pointments. But how many other officers are
there under this old system to which gentle-
men are so much wedded?
On the 26tli of May there were two thousand
six hundred and seventy-one of them, some
of them with higher functions than any col-
lector or assessor, all appointed by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and<heing;of this political
character of which some gentlemen profess to
be so afraid. What are they driving at? They
want to remit us to the old system. Under
that old system nearly five thousand officers—
and the number exceeded five^frliousaud on the
10th of April; we have got rid of five or six
hundred by the passage of the manufacturers'
bill—are appointed, without any check what-
ever, by the present head of the Treasury
Department.
Mr. BLAINE. Why does not that secure
the unity which the gentleman says is so de-
sirable?
Mr. SGHENCK. For the simple reason
that as the head of the Department he makes
his appointments through the Commissioner,
and throws the responsibility upon him—
although the law gives it to the Secretary—and
the President is referred to, whose influence
seems to be such that even when the Secretary
wants to get out an officer of whom ho has
himself the appointment he cannot do it, and
only four hundred aud eighty of these officers
have to go before the Senate for confirmation.
Now, sir, if these gentlemen really wish to
change the system proposed in this bill let
them say so, and not merely destroy, but sub-
stitute something, propose something, or if
they wish merely to express that they want to
remit as to the present system and hold us to
it, why let them say that. But when t'ney do
say that, I want the House and the country
distinctly to understand what it is that they pro-
pose to do. They want us to keep up a system
under which five thousand officers are appointed
without the restraint of confirmation by the
Senate in order to get rid of a little difficulty
about four hundred and eighty that need con-
firmation.
Mr. PETERS. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts withdraw his amendment? I
will renew it.
Mr. BUTLER. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. PETERS. I renew the amendment. I
feel too much interested iu this matter to allow
it to pass without a single word. I gave no
attention to this matter until yesterday, when
it was under discussion before the Committee
of the Whole. But I did look at it last night
somewhat carefully, as Iwas deeply impressed
by the debate of yesterday. I have no doubt,
as a lawyer, that if the first and sixth sections
of this bill shall be passed we will have legis-
lated Commissioner Rollins out of office; and
110 man on earth will have the power to fill
that place by making an appointment, except
the President of the United States. Now, I
am opposed to that result. 1 am opposed to
the first section of this bill. And, although
the first opportunity has passed to destroy the
first section, if we emasculate or destroy this
sixth section, we will virtually meet and destroy
the first section. Because if you pass the first
section, and fail to pass the sixth section,
then you will have the name of a department
without having any substance at all, for there
will be no power or authority connected with
it. Now, 1 do not pretend to be a statesman,
but merely a politician, a party man. Aud so
far as possible I want to keep Mr. Rollins in
his office ; other gentlemen may be more pa-
triotic than I am ; 1 do not question that at all.
But I concur with the remarks of the gentle-
man fiom Massachusetts [Mr. Buti.ee] iu that
j respect.
j The language of the Constitution is this:
j -"But the Congress may by law vest the appoint-
1 mentof such inferior ofiicers as they think proper m
I the President alone, in the courts of law, or iu tho
j heads of Departments."
j Thus the Constitution, bj' its express lan-
! guage, makes the head of a Department some-
j thing above an "inferior officer." We can
j give the head of a Department the power to
; fill inferior offices. But who is to fill the office
j of head of Department itself? Why, sir, it
seems t.o me that there would be just as much
legal propriety in making the postmaster of the
city of Washington the Postmaster General of
