3902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Rice, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Tipton, Van
Winkle, Welch, and Willey—27.
So the motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from tlie House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
of the Senate without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 232) granting a pension to
Henrietta Nobles;
A bill (S. No. 238) granting a pension to
Carrie E. Burdett;
A bill (8. No. 282) granting a pension to
Annie E. Dixon;
A bill (S. No. 291) granting a pension to
Ann Kelley, widow of Bernard Kelley;
A bill (S. No. 292) granting a pension to
Maria Raftery;
A bill (S. No. 316) for the relief of Rebecca
V. Senor, mother of James II. Senor, deceased;
A bill (S. No. 318) forthe relief of Charlotte
Posey, widow of Sebastian II. Posey ;
A bill (S. No. 321) for the relief of Mrs.
Mary Gaither, widow of Wiley Gaither, de-
ceased ;
A bill (S. No. 332) granting a pension to
John W. Harris;
A bill (S. No. 333) for the relief of Julia M.
Mo I in ;
A bill (S. No. 342) granting a pension to
Thomas Stewart;
A bill (S. No. 359) granting a pension to
Louisa Fitch, widow of E. P. Fitch, deceased;
A bill (S. No. 381) granting a pensiou to
Edward Hainel, minor child of Edward Hamel,
deceased *
A bill (S. No. 427) for the relief of the widow
and children of John W. Jameson;
A bill (S. No. 43-1) for the relief of Elizabeth
Barker, widow of Alexander Barker, deceased;
A bill (S. No. 456) for the relief of Sylvester
Nugent;
A bill fS. No. 494) granting a pension to
Elizabeth Steepleton, widow of Harrison W.
Steepleton, deceased;
A bill (S. No. 495) for the relief of Henry
Reens ;
A bill (S. No. 497) forthe relief of Catharine
Wands;
A bill (S. No. 498) granting a pension to
Anna M. Howard ;
A bill (S. No. 500) granting a pension to
Lucinda R. Johnson ;
A bill (S. No. 501) granting a pension to Har-
riet XV. Pond;
A bill (S. No. 520) granting a pension to
Martha Stout; and
A bill (S. No. 549) granting an increase of
pension to Catharine Eckhardt.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate,
with amendments, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (S. No. 175) for the relief of Joseph
McGhee Cameron, and Mary Jane Cameron,
minor children of La Fayette Cameron, de-
ceased ;
A bill (S. No. 382) granting an increase of
pension to Obadiah T. Plum;
A bill (S. No. 422) granting a pension to
Maria Schweitzer and the children of Conrad
Schweitzer, deceased;
A bill (S. No, 518) granting a pension to the
widow and child of John P. Felty;
A bill (S. No. 547) granting a pension to
John Sheets;
A bill (S. No. 314) for the relief of George
T. Brien ;
A bill (S. No. 383) granting a pension to
John A. Weed and Elizabeth J. Weed, minor
children of Robert T. Weed, deceased ;
Abill (S. No. 517) granting a pension to the
widow and children of Henry Brown ; and
A bill (S. No. 521) granting a pension to the
children of William M. Wooten, deceased.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
Abill (H. R, No. 1337) granting an increase
of pension to Frances T. Richardson, widow
of the late Major General Israel B. Richard-
son ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1363) granting an increase
of pension to Emily B. Bidwell, widow of
Brigadier General Daniel D. Bidwell.
ROCK ISLAND BRIDGE.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 201.
Mr. CATTELL. I cannot refrain from say-
ing that I think a bill of a good deal of public
importance, which was up yesterday and pretty
well discussed, and laid over at the request of
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. TluJMBULL,]
should properly come up first this morning
and be disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
nothing for the Senator to do but to object
until the morning business is disposed of.
Mr. CATTELL. I do not like to do so
ungracious a thing as to object.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope the Senator will
not object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 201) in relation to the Hock
Island bridge.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend the
joint resolution by inserting after the words
"R'ick Island,'' in the ninth line, the words
"to connect said island with the cities of
Davenport and Rock Island.'' That is the
language of the original act. It will make it
more specific.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Explain the necessity
of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I want it to be specific,
that it is the bridge provided for there, and
not elsewhere.
Mr. SHERMAN. The island of Rock Island,
as I understand, is a little above those two
cities.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The language of the
original act passed in 18C7, is "a bridge to
connect the island of Rock Island with the
cities of Davenport and Rock Island," and I
propose to insert these words so as to have it
specific. They are the very words of the
original act.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does that increase the
length of the bridge?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think it changes
it at all; but I thought it was proper that it
should be specific, and as the joint resolution
must go back to the House I thought it better
to adopt the very words of the law.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
ask my friend from Iowa whether he would
object to an amendment of this character:
J'rovidcd, Th:it in no case shall the cost of the
bridge exceed SI,000,000?
Mr. HARLAN. The joint resolution now
provides that it shall not exceed the estimates,
and I think the estimates were $1,000,000.
Therefore I do not see any necessity for the
amendment suggested by my honorable friend
from Vermont.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think you
had better accept it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Illinois.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I will not object to the
amendment suggested by the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I move
to insert at the end of the first section the fol-
lowing proviso:
And provided also, That in no ease shall the ex-
penditure on the part of the United States exceed
§1,000,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to say a word in
regard to this measure. It is a very large ap-
propriation, but I suppose we must make it as
we have undertaken this work. I hope, how-
ever, that we shall for some time to come be
spared the pressure that I plainly see is to be
made upon us for expenditures at Rock Island,
amounting to millions of dollars. In the first
place, as a matter of fact, it was not necessary
to have this arsenal there. We have an arsenal
now that can make ten thousand arms a day,
three hundred thousand arms a year, and we
have more than two million muskets and rifles
on hand. We do not wish to make any, and
do not wish to improve any. We have improved
about fifty thousand of the Springfield mus-
kets that we have on hand at the present time.
That institution is more than ample for all the
needs of the country. But it was thought best
for local reasons to establish this arsenal. I
voted for it on account of the fact that it was
claimed as a local measure ; but when I did so
I had no idea that we were to go on and estab-
lish an institution on a plan so vast as is now
proposed, and that we proposed to expend such
enormous sums of money upon it. I know
vast sums are to be asked for it, sums'that
will dwarf this appropriation or any that we
ever dreamed of. #
I consider it a great mistake that we entered
on this work, because we do not need it, and
we ought not to establish such institutions
East, West, North, or South unless they are
absolutely needed for the good of the common
country ; but we have entered upon it. This
bridge, which is to connect the cities of Daven-
port and Rock Island, will be, of course, for
the interest of this arsenal if we are to go on
and build it up.
A considerable sum of money has already
been expended there; and I know that the gen-
tleman who has charge of it feels that it is a
magnificent place; that it is a place where we
should lay out several million dollars in estab-
lishing an arsenal. I expect that Congress
will be called to appropriate six or ten million
dollars to build up this work. I do not wish
to undertake to arrest this work after we have
begun it; but I hope that those who take an
interest in it will see to it that all these extrav-
agant aspirations and pretensions are kept
down, and that we spend only such amounts
of money as are necessary for the country at
this place, and that we proceed gradually and
slowly in building up that institution. It is
fixed there, and I have no doubt will stay there.
I desire to say this much because I know
that the gentleman who is at the head of this
institution at Rock Island, desires to lay the
foundations there on a large and broad scale,
of an establishment that must cost many mil-
lion dollars before it is completed. 1 hope
that those who are friendly to it will not press
us into these extravagant appropriations, and
especially that those of us who think we ought
to proceed with some degree of care in this
project, will not be held here or elsewhere
as being actuated by a local spirit or a feel-
u'g jealousy simply because this institution
is in another part of the country.
General Dyer, chief of the ordnance office,
states in a note to me that the expenditure1; at
Springfield armory from 1795 to 31st May, 1868,
and at Rock Island arsenal from its establish-
ment in 1862 to 31st May, 1868, have been as
follows:
For purchase of land, in
eludmg buildings, water
privileges, &e I
Springfield 1 Rock Island
armory, j arsenal.
$77,442 62
For erection of buildings,
mill dams, canals,races,
and other improve-
ments, machinery, &c„
including repairs t f the
same 
2,552,070 55
$242,082 52
645.022 J 8
Total of cach  §2,629,51917 , $887,10 1 70
It will be seen that the laud and water priv-
ileges have already cost three times more at
the Rock Island armory than at the Springfield
armory, and that about one fourth as much
have been appropriated at Rock Island as at
