1868..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2879
the United States, as to undertake to expand
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue with
his present powers into the head of a depart-
ment with those extended powers.
Now, even if we had the power to pass this
bill and make it a law to the extent urged by
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, i do not see the expediency of doing
so. I understand that the proposition is to
reduce the tax on whisky to a very large extent.
Will riot that remove the temptation of which
complaint is now made? 1 am surprised at
the statement made on this floor by members,
that the assessors and collectors in this country
are mostly thieves. Why, sir, in the State of
Maine all these officers are good and honorable
men, although part of them are Johnson men.
J know there are exceptions in New York,
Philadelphia, and the other large cities. But
if you take away the temptation to defraud by
reducing the tax oil whisky from two dollars
to fifty or seventy-five cents per gallon, the
principle motive for defrauding will be taken
away.
I think we can stand the present system of
collection much better than we can stand any
other system got up in this hasty manner at
this late day of the session. When, as the
gentleman says may be the case, the tax on
whisky is reduced to seventy-five or fifty cents
per gallon, the necessity and motive for these
first and sixth sections no longer exist. It
does not matter whether these officers are
appointed by Mr. Rollins or by the Presidentor
by someone else. If the temptation is removed
1 believe you can get good officers to collect
your revenues. But I think, with the gentle-
man from Vermont, [Mr. Poland,] that men
must be as pure as the angels before you can
collect, a tax of two dollars a gallon on whisky.
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue, Mr.
Rollins, would be deceived, as would any-
body else, in respect to some officers. Let the
awful temptation to defraud be removed by
reducing the tax from two dollars to fifty cents
per gallon on distilled spirits, and no longer
adhere to a rate of taxation that furnishes two
dollars to the thieves for every dollar that is
obtained by the Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Chairman, I cannot un-
derstand the argument which is made against
this provision of the bill; nor could I under-
stand the argument made yesterday against the
first section. So far as I am concerned, it is
not my object to make this proposed depart-
ment a political machine, nor do I believe the
committee had any such object in view. What
I desire is the same that other gentlemen here
have expressed themselves as desiring, to
adopt such a measure as will make some per-
son responsible to the country lor the collec-
tion ot its revenues. Now, the argument that
the proposition embraced in this bill would
put the appointing power into the hands of
the President amounts to nothing. The 1 resi-
dent to-day has the authority to appoint every
collector and assessor within the United States.
How, then, can this bill give him more power
in this respect than he already possesses?
If, therefore, gentlemen desire to have a
system under which our revenues shall be col-
lected, let them, as is well suggested by the
chairman of the committee, propose some
method of confining this matter within proper
limits. Instead of attempting to destroy the
vitality of this section of the bill, why do t*iey
not propose to provide that these persons shall
be appointed by the advice and consent of the
Senate, if they do not want one man to have
all this power? But, sir, that is not the object.
It is mere political clap-trap to talk about this
bill throwing power into the hands of the Pres-
ident, when it is there already by existing laws.
Mr. PETERS. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir. *
Mr. PETERS. Does the gentleman bear
in mind that the President cannot remove ail
assessor or a collector without the consent ot
the Senate?
Mr. LOGAN. I do. But he can suspend
such officers. We know that the President
did remove Mr. Stanton, and Mr. Stanton is
out of office. The President can remove your
assessors and collectors just as he removed the
head of the War Department, and you have no
power to prevent? it.
Mr. PETERS. We can impeach him.
Mr. LOGAN. You cannot impeach and
convict him. You have tried impeachment
and you have failed, on the very principle that
gentlemen are now advocating here before the
House.
Now, sir, I take it to be important that we
should place the responsibility somewhere.
Then let us not destroy the vital features of
this bill, but if necessary amend it so that while
the power and responsibility may rest in some
proper quarter there may be sufficient checks
and restrictions. But, so far as regards the
political operation of this measure, even sup-
posing it should result in placing power in the
hands of the President, that power is there
now. If the power should be put into the
hands of Mr. Rollins it would certainly be in
better hands. So, in whatever way we may
take this measure, the operation must be bet-
ter than that of the present system. How is
it that we now have thousands of officers called
"inspectors," roaming all over the country,
subject to no check, blackmailing everybody,
and robbing the country of its revenues ? Un-
der the existing law the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has the right to appoint these officers, the
Senate having no voice in regard to their ap-
pointment or removal. We are attemptingby
this bill to get rid of these officers ; yet we find
our own friends attacking a proposition that
will rid the country of these men who are now
biting every vein through which the revenues
of the country should low into the Treasury.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PETERS. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BECK. I move to amend by striking
out, all after the enacting clause of this section,
and inserting the following:
That all collectors, assessors, assistant assessors,
supervisors of internal revenue, inspectors, gauffers,
storekeeper, and other officers and clciks, pr<>\ ided
for in this act, shall be appointed and removed in
the mode and on the terms specified in the bill
reported to this House by the Committee on Retrench-
ment, on the 14th day of Mny last, entitled a bill to
regulate the civil service of the United States and
promote the efficiency thereof, which bill is made a
part of this section.
Mr. Chairman, I offer this amendment merely
for the purpose of calling attention to the bill
reported the other day by the distinguished
gentleman from Rhode Island, [Mr. Jexckes,]
providing for appointments in tke civil service,
in a mode less objectionable, perhaps, than
any other. I would like the House to consider
whether such a measure as that will not obviate
all the difficulties of which gentlemen c>n all
sides have spoken. I will not take time to
read the bill or to discuss its provisions, but
merely to call the attention of the House to
them. That bill will be up in a day or two.
reported by the chairman of the Committee on
Retrenchment, and will in all probability pass.
It will furnish solutions for the difficulties
surrounding this section. I withdraw the
amendment. ,
Mr. DAWES. I object, as I wish to obtain
a little information from the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means._ I wish ther
chairman to point out that provision of the bill
which continues in office any of the present
officers if the bill should pass.
Mr. SCHENCK. I refer to the words
u continued by this act."
Mr. DAWES. My eye was upon that. That
provides when it is created by this act it shall
continue bv this act. What is the provision
of this act which continues any ot these offi-
cers? That is what I wish to know. J. dia
not know but there was some provision. I lie
creation of a new office with the same name of
an officer with different duties, lie now holding
a different tenure in the Treasury Department,
would hardly be continuing that officer. Yv hat
I wish to know is, whether there is any pro-
vision to continue any of these men in these
offices ? I supposed by the phraseology of this
section to which the chairman of the commit-
tee called our attention a moment ago, that
there was some provision continuing these
bureau officers until you organized the new
department you create. If it relies only on
implication that-this bureau officer, because he
has the same name, will be continued in the
office  
Mr. SCHENCK. If there be any insuffi-
ciency in the language the gentleman had
better be prepared with an amendment when
we come to that section. It is not quite in
order now to discuss it.
Mr. DAWES. I was discussing it in view of
the proposition made to strike out this sixth
section. I find no section contravening what
I have stated.
Mr. SCHENCK. We have assessors and
collectors under the present law, and we pro-
vide for the same class of officers under this
bill.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to know whether the
gentleman relies solely upon the fact that this
bill calls upon this officer with a new name,
with another tenure of office, to discharge
other duties; whether that is all he relies upon
for the continuance of that officer in office?
If that is so, then I still insist on it the moment
this becomes a law down goes every officer.
Mr. BECK, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move, in line three
of this section, to strike out the words " assess-
ors and collectors."
Mr. Chairman, just before the adjournment
last evening 1 offered an amendment which had
the same object in view as this, but it was mis-
understood at the time. It had for its object
to leave the appointment and removal, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, of
all collectors and assessors to the President.
If this new system, devised by the Cominitteo
of Ways and Means, shall go into effcct, and
we leave the appointment of all officers inferior
to collectors and assessors in the hands of the
head of this new department, I ask the chair-
man of the Ways and Means Committee whether
that is not a fair compromise ? There are those
who do not believe that Congress has the power
to create a new department and to appoint a
head for that department. None of us doubt
the power to create a department, but many
doubt the power of Congress to indicate, either
by his individual or official name, the person
who is to be at the head of it. 1 should like
the chairman to state the difference between
naming the messenger of this bureau for this
new department and naming the Commis-
sioner. There is no difference. If you can
name the present Commissioner you can just
as well name the messenger of the bureau for
head of this new department. If you have the
power to name the one you have the power to
name the other. But, sir, I believe we have
no such power. Assuming this department is
to be inaugurated, it is not my desire, nor does
the amendment I propose come into conflict
with it. Let us establish the department, as
provided by the first section, but do not con-
fer upon the head ot it unconstitutional author-
ity. Reserve to the President the power to
appoint collectors and assessors, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, and
reserve to the head of the department^ the
appointment of the inferior officers. Then
there will be in that regard no conflict.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I shall ask a vote upon
striking out "assessors and collectors. _
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Chairman,
nothing seems to me plainer than that a head
of a Department is not and cannot be made
an inferior officer. In other words, he cannot
be made an officer who can he created oi
endowed with office without an appointment
by the President with the assent of the benate.
That, to my mind, is absolutely and cone-lu-
ll sively shown by the clause of the Constitution
