1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3903
Springfield for buildings, improvements, and
machinery. Unless carefully watched by Con-
gress we shall soon find that the expenditures
at Rock Island will cast in the shade all the
expenditures made at Springfield during the
past seventy years. I call the attention of our
friends from the West to this demand for vast
expenditures for this armory in time of peace.
Mr. HARLAN. Perhaps I ought to say, in
response to the Senator's appeal, that I shall
not press any appropriation for the construc-
tion of additional works at Rock Island beyond
those which the committee, over which the
Senator so ably presides, shall deem demanded
by the best interests of the country. J, do not
agree with him as to the original propriety of
locating these works there ; I think it was
high ly proper that they should be located there.
Anns will be needed on that side of the Repub-
lic probably for a long series of years, more
than at any other point. I think it is a very
appropriate place to have a depot of arms;
but i shall not press any appropriation beyond
that which his committee will recommend.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I shall con-
tent myself with merely calling fortheyeas and
nays on this resolution. Without any reference
to the arsenal, I consider this appropriation
wholly improper. I merely ask for the yeas
arid nays upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator ask for the yeas and nays on the third
reading or on the passage of the joint resolu-
tion ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. On its pas-
sage.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the joint resolution to be read a
third time. It was read the third time.
Mr. MORGAN. I beg to inquire of the
Senator from Vermont whether it is expected
that the Government is to pay $1,000,000 for
the building of this bridge?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The estimate
is that it will cost $1,000,000. There is a pro-
vision in the resolution that the railroad com-
pany across the river there may have the use
of it by paying one half of the cost. There is
also another provision that provides, for tear-
ing down the existing bridge, by which I think
we shall render ourselves liable, if we go on,
to pay probably more than half as much more.
Mr. HARLAN. The resolution provides
specifically that the Rock Island Railroad Com-
pany shall pay one-half the cost of this struc-
ture, and if the old bridge is torn down, it
renders it absolutely necessary that they should
for their own convenience. It also provides
that if any other railroad company shall avail
themselves of this structure across the river
they shall pay a proportional part of the cost,
and I have been informed it is probable that
another road will avail themselves of the op-
portunity, and this will still further reduce the
amount that the Government will be called
upon to pay.
Mr. YATES. I desire to state that I have
seen the old bridge at this point, and it is per-
haps the greatest obstruction to the Mississippi
river. It is constructed so as not to run at
right angles-across the channel, but diagonally,
so that a boat in passing is in danger all the titjje
of being carried by the current on to the piers
of the bridge. The consequence is that there
have been many steamboats lost there, and
navigation has suffered very materially. By
the provisions of this joint resolution that
obstruction is to be removed—a duty which
devolves upon the United States, and is to a
great extent the consideration for which the
Government makes this appropriation. I think
there can be no reasonable objection to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the joint resolution,
on which the yeas and nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 10 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Cole, Conness,
Cragin, Davis, Drake, Jt'owlcr, Harlan, Howard,
Morton, Nve, Osborn, Pomeroy, Ramsey. Boss, Stew-
art, Sunuter, Til aver, Tipton, Trumbull, Vail Winkle,
Wade, Willey, Williams, and Yates—26.
NAY&—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Conkling,
Edmunds, Fessenden, McCreery, Morgan, Morrill of
Vermont, Sherman, and Vickers—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Chandler, Corbett,
Dixon, Dooiittle, Ferry, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Hen-
derson, Ilendiicks, Howe, McDonald, Morrill of
Maine, Norton, Patterson of New Hampshiro, Pat-
terson of Tennessee, Rice, Saulsbury, Sprague,
Welch, and Wilson—21.
So the joint resolution was passed.
TEMPORARY LOAN CERTIFICATES.
Mr. CATTELL. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 543.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 543) to pro-
vide for a further issue of temporary loan cer-
tificates, for the purpose of redeeming and
retiring the remainder of the outstanding
compound-interest notes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend the
bill by striking out all after the enacting clause
and inserting:
That for the purpose of redeeming and retiring the
remainder of the compound-interest notes, saving
the unnecessary payment ot interest and reducing the
public debt, the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized and directed to makesaleof $10,000,000 of
the surplus com m the Treasury of the United States
on the first Monday of the month of August next, and
on the first Monday of every month thereafter, until
the amount of coin in the Treasury, exclusive of that
for which no certificates of deposits shall have been
given, shall be reduced to the sum of $£-10,000,000; the
sale to be made in the manner following: The Sec-
retary shall give five days public notice in one daily
newspaper published in each of the cities of Wash-
ington and New York, that sealed proposals for ten
millions of gold coin will be received at the office of
the Assistant Treasurer in the city of New York, till
three o'clock p. m., of the day appointed for the sale.
Such proposals shall be addressed to the Assistant
Treasurer at New York, and shall be opened by him
in the presence of such persons as may choose to
attend at, the time designated in the notice. No pro-
posals shall be received unless accompanied by a
certificate of deposit in the Treasury of the United
States of five per ccnt. in currency ot the amount of
coin bid for in such proposal, which shall be received
in part pay for the com bid tor in case the bid is
accepted, and if not accepted shall be returned to
the party who made the bid. Payments may be
received for coin in currency, or compound-interest
notes with the interest accrued thereon. W hen com-
pound-interest notes are received, they shall be can-
celed by the Secretary of the Treasury, and with the
currency received lie shall purchase and cancel any
interest-bearing indebtedness of the United States,
paying'therefor not exceeding its current market
value at the time. None but the highest bids shall
be accepted for gold, and in ease of different bids at
the same rate said bids shall be accepted only pro
rata; and the Assistant Treasurer, with tile approval
of the Secretary of the Treasury, shall have the right
to reject all or any bids if deemed by him less than
the fair value of gold at the time.
Mr. President, it will be observed that the
amendment which I have offered proposes to
leduce the coin in the Treasury of the United
States to $40,000,000 by monthly sales of
$10,000,000 until it is reduced to that amount.
Had I followed my own inclinations entirely I
should huve introduced a proposition to reduce
it much lower than that. I do not think
there is any reason for retaining so large a sum
as $40,000,000 in gold in the Treasury. But
inasmuch as Congress has manifested a dis-
position to keep more than twice that amount
in the Treasury for the last two years, I thought
it would be accomplishing much if we could
reduce the amount to $40,000,000.
Since this subject was up yesterday I have
sent to the Treasury Department and received
from that Department a statement showing the
amount of coin on hand in the Treasury of the
United States at the close of each month for
the last two years beginning with July 1,186G,
and ending with July 1, 1868. The amount
of coin, including that deposited for which
certificates were issued, has frequently ex-
ceeded $100,000,000. The average for the last
year, after deducting the gold for which cer-
tificates of deposit have been issued, exceeds
$83,000,000. More than eighty-three millions
of gold have lain idle in the Treasury for the last
twelve months. Besides, an average of about
twenty millions of gold certificates were issued.
So that considerably over one hundred millions
have been therein all. Over eighty-three mil-
lions in gold have been in the Treasury all the
time for the last twelve months, and for the
last two years I think the average would be
about the same. I have the figures here show-
ing the amounts. The amount of currency on
deposit during the same length of time and
lying idle in the Treasury is also stated in a
table which I have before me. The average
for the last year lias exceeded $34,000,000.
Now, if you change the gold which has lain
idle in the Treasury for the last year into cur-
rency at its market value, and add to it the
currency that has lain in the Treasury, you
will find that more than one hundred and fifty
million dollars of currency and gold turned
into currency have lain idle in your Treasury
for the last twelve months.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator if he can state the amount of gold that
has been sold by the Treasury within the last
two years ?
Mr. TRLTMBULL. I cannot; I have not
those figures, but this amount remains after all
the sales. I will state to the Senator that I can
give him the receipts of gold for the year ending
June 30, 1867. The amount received from
customs, which is collected, as the Senator is
aware, in gold coin, was $176,000,000. One
hundred and seventy-six millions were received
during the last fiscal year which has been
reported, and for the quarter ending on the
30th of September last there were received
$48,000,000. Ihavenotthefigurestoshowwhat
the receipts into the Treasury for the entire
year were, but assuming that the other quar-
ters yielded as large an amount of customs as
the quarter ending the 30th of September last,
there would have been received during the
fisftal year which has just expired into the
Treasury $192,000,000 in gold. The amount
of the indebtedness of the United States as
reported on the 1st day of Juue, 1868, upon
which we have agreed to pay the interest in
gold is $2,020,827,841 80. This indebtedness
does not at all bear the same rate of interest.
Some of it bears a less rate than six per cent,
interest; but assuming that we paid six per
cent, upon the whole indebtedness of the United
States on the 1st of June last, which we have
agreed to pay in coin, the whole amount would
be $121,000,000. Thus you see that we are
receiving very considerably more in gold for
duties than the amount of interest which we
pay in gold. We received $60,000,000 more
in gold during the last year which is reported
than will be our interest for the coming year.
This being so, I can see no necessity for
retaining on hand a surplus of forty millions
of gold; but 1 have framed my amendment so
as to require the disposition only of the excess
over forty millions, and that at the rate of ten
millions a month, and providing that there
shall be received for the gold, when it is dis-
posed of, the compound-interest notes, with
their accruing interest, and the currency of
the country ; and that it shall be the duty of
the Secretary of the Treasury, on the receipt
of the compound-interest notes, to cancel
them, and with the currency to purchase the
interest-bearing indebtedness of the United
States in the market, and destroy that interest-
bearing indebtedness as soon as he receives it.
This will be a saving to the United States of
many millions of dollars. During the last
year we might, by the disposition of gold which
we had on hand, have saved in currency to the
United States at least $6,000,000, probably
something more. In former times $6,000,000
would have been considered a very considera-
ble sum ; and at this time, when the country
is complaining of taxation, when the feeling
of the nation is such that an attempt is being
made to tax the bonds of the United States,
as some suppose in violation of the good faith
of the Government, it does seem to me that
we should save this $6,000,000 to the Treasury
of the United States, and not suffer this money
to lie idle in its vaults.
The PRESIDENT -pro tempore. It is the
duty of the Chair to call the attention of the
Senate to the fact that the morning hour hav-
ing expired the unfinished business of yester-
day is before the Senate regularly.
