1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1855
them. This committee do not report at this
time upon anything except the matter referred
to them by the resolution of the 9th instant.
All in regard to the Printing Bureau, and all
in regard to modifications, changes, or re-
forms in that bureau had been previously
referred to the committee. A sub-committee,
composed of the gentleman from New Jersey
[Mr. Halsey] and two members of the Senate
have_ been investigating those matters, and
will in time make their report. Therefore the
committee in this instance did not deem it
necessary to present for the consideration of
the House anything except what the resolution
referred to them on Monday last called for.
_ Many things have been said in this discus-
sion which are partly of a personal nature. I
propose not to spend much time in answer to
them. As I have endeavored to state to the
gentleman from Illinois, there has been no dis-
position to do injustice to him ; there was not
the least desire to reflect upon any statement
which he had made. The impression as I
stated yesterday had gone forth to the country
that there had been a great fraud perpetrated
upon this Department, and it was necessary
that these reports, if untrue, should be contra-
dicted. Now, sir, I think no gentleman will
rise in his place to-day on this floor and say
that the evidence sustains the charge that
there was any abstraction of $18,000,000 of
bonds. If that be so—and I do not under-
stand the gentleman from Illinois to-day to in-
sist that the proof sustains the charge that these
bonds were abstracted 
Mr. LOGAN". I never made such a charge.
Mr. VAN YVYOK. The impression, I say,
is deducible from the gentleman's remarks,
whether properly so or not, which was deduced
from them not only by members of this House
but by the country. Whether he intended to
convey that impression such an impression was
conveyed, but the facts show that there was no
fraud. He said yesterday, in answer to my col-
league, that he did believe there was, and the
impression left on the House and the country
was that a fraud had been committed. There-
fore, 1 say to-day, that there is no proof of
fraud of the kind, and with all due respect to
the gentleman, for whom I entertain nothing but
the utmostkindness, he seems to have traveled
out of the record when he took occasion in his
remarks on this matter to say that the Depart-
ment had its attorneys here. What he meant
by "attorneys" Idonotknow. Whohe meant
to say were acting in the capacity of attorneys
for the Department I do not Ifnow. He had
no occasion to say that of any gentleman who
had taken part in this investigation, or who is
connected with the committee. The gentle-
man said that if any person rose on this floor
and denounced the Treasury they covered
him with "slime." Now, sir, I have seen no
gentleman here do anything of that kind. No
gentleman has thrown any dirt, except the gen-
tleman from Illinois. Nobody else has sought
to beslime any one.. Gentlemen have merely
asked that the facts should be presented and
that the inferences deducible from them should
be drawn, and I submit to all the gentlemen of
the House if such is not the case.
The gentleman has time and again upon this
floor sought to attack the Treasury Depart-
ment and persons connccted therewith, and he
has done it unanswered. No one, I think,
and certainly no member of the Committee on
Retrenchment, has risen and come to the
defense of the Secretary at all, and lienee it is
that the charge which lie makes, the insinua-
tion which he makes, against the members of
that committee, thatthey are seeking to "white-
wash" the Department, is entirely unfounded.
When, where, under what circumstances have
they "whitewashed" it? They have not yet
reported in regard to the Printing Bureau, and
as to the report which they have made, that
there was no fraud in this transaction of the
§18,000,000 bonds, no man controverts it by
saying that there was fraud. When did they
"whitewash?" Whom did they "white-
wash?" For what purpose and object did
they "whitewash?" A gentleman who is so
sensitive that he desires that the truth shall
not go forth as an antidote to false impressions
ought certainly to have a little regard for the
character of others and not charge them with
being the attorneys for a Department which he
stigmatizes as corrupt; and the members of a
committee that has not earned that reputation
ought not to be charged with coming into this
House and seeking to "whitewash" any de-
partment or bureau which he stigmatizes as
corrupt. Any such imputations as that I
throw back on the gentleman who has made
them.
Now, in regard to the telegraphic dispatch
to which reference has been made, it was not
a statement of my own orof my colleague, [Mr.
Laflin,] but it was merely a statement that
General Spinnerhad explained the matter, and
it was sent off so that the facts might go forth
from a representative of the Treasury Depart-
ment and appear in the same issue as an answer
to the chaiges which had been made on the
floor of Congress. Was there anything unjust
in that? Was there any want of magnanimity
in that? When the gentleman from Illinois,
from his high position here, with liis distin-
guished character as a member of this House,
and the regard entertained for him throughout
the country, made such an assertion against
the Treasury Department as to create the im-
pression that they had stolen $18,000,000 of
bonds, was it wrong for us to do that?
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow
me?
Mr. VAN WYCK. No, sir ; I cannot yield
now.
Mr. LOGAN. I say to the gentleman that
I never made any such statement, and when he
says that I charged robbery or abstraction of
the bonds lie states that which he knows to
be untrue.
Mr. VAN WYCK. The gentleman has re-
peated that time and time again in this discus-
sion. Now, it is an easy matter to bandy words.
The gentleman says lie has been beslimed. I
say what I have before said, that no one has
thrown dirt, in regard to this matter, except
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan.]
And at this very minute ho stops in to con-
firm the assertion which I made. I said that
such was the impression deducible from his
remarks, that such was the impression created
in this House and in the country. Yesterday
he said that he believed there was fraud in the
transaction. Now, if the gentleman believed
that there was fraud in that transaction, did
he not mean to say that there was fraud in the
transaction? Did he not mean to say to the
country that there was fraud in the transac-
tion? And I ask if it was not just to men who
were honest and guiltless of fraud, among
whom was General Spinner, that the statement
should go forth to the country that they were
clear of fraud? The gentleman says lie was
actuated by the best of motives. So we assumed,
and the day before yesterday we asked him to
meet with us and assist in the examination of
witnesses. As to myself, I have no occasion to
regret what I have said in regard to this mat-
ter. I have certainly not been in the habit of
saying anything which I intended to take back
or to retract, and I have done nothing in con-
nection with this matter which I wish had been
left undone. So there let that matter rest.
Now, if the House will indulge me a moment
further in relation to these personal matters, to
which I must make some reply, 1 will say a
word or two in justice to my colleague, [Mr.
L iflih.] He certainly is not amenable to the
criticism which the gentleman from Illinois
sought to apply to him. It is true he is chair-
man of the Committee on Printing of this
House. But that has nothing whatever to do
with the Printing Bureau of the Treasury De-
partment; and on yesterday he came in here,
and deliberately, calmly, without any excite-
ment, stated just exactly what were the facts.
He stated them in a way which should not have
excited the displeasure of any one. Yet the
gentleman seemed to convey the impression,
which certainly was not correct, that my col-
league assumed the character or position or
attitude of "big Indian." He did not put
his hand upon his breast and seek to have such
an impression conveyed to the minds of mem-
bers here.
There may be objections to the mode of
doing the business in the Printing Bureau, to
the theory upon which that business is eon-
ducted. But let me say right here that it is
the same mode which was inaugurated by Sec-
retary Chase, which was continued by Secre-
tary Fessisnden', and which is carried on to-
day. I am not here to justify Mr. Clark or
the Secretary of the Treasury or anybody else,
but to state just what are the facts. This paper
upon which the bonds are printed must go into
the hands of somebody. It is put in charge
of the Printing Bureau, and Mr. Clark is the
chief of that bureau. The mere fact that he
has so much paper placed in his hands does
not give him the power to rob the Government
of a dollar, unless there is complicity in some
of the other bureaus through which this paper
must pass before it comes out in the shape of
perfected bonds. The paper is passed to the
counting clerk, and then to the first division,
or what is called "the plate" division. Now
mark ; in this plate division, where the sheets
are given out, not onlyis the number of sheets
recorded, but the proposed value to be printed
on the sheets is here recorded.
I ask the attention of the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] to what I am now
saying, as it will be an answer to his interrog-
atory to me a few minutes since. Not only
is the number of the sheets recorded, but also
the value which the sheets are intended to rep-
resent when they shall have become complete
and perfect bonds. For instance, one thou-
sand sheets are given out to the printer. He
is first charged with the thousand sheets of
paper, and then he is charged with the denom-
inations which those sheets are to have im-
pressed upon them, although they are in reality
but blank sheets of paper. The sheets then are
taken where the printing is to be done, where
they are counted eight times, and then they are
taken to another division, where another charge
is made of the number of sheets and of the
proposed value to be attached to them. And
so these sheets go through every bureau or
division of the Printing Department, until in
the end some of them are perfect bonds, some
are imperfect, and some, possibly, are still
perfectly blank. But still the character and
denomination of the bonds ascribed to them
in the first instance go with them. The muti-
lated or imperfect bonds which are to be de-
stroyed still bear upon the books the denomi-
nations and values originally ascribed to them.
These books show this to be the theory of the
Department. Is a mutilated bond of any more
value than a blank sheet or a bond printed on
one side ?
Mr. MAYNARD. Not of as much value.
Mr. VAN WYCK. No, sir; notofasmuch
value. Yet these are called " securities," and
are considered as representing $1,000, $5,000,
or $50,000, as the case maybe; and when they
are mutilated or destroyed they arc so carried
out on the books. I have here books of the
Treasury Department which I have brought for
the inspection of any gentlemen who desire to
see them. Now, I trust that I have made my-
self understood in the outset. If I have that
solves the whole difficulty in regard to this
matter except the inquiry, which 1 will answer
by and by, why so many sheets of blank paper
were destroyed. The gentleman from Illinois
referred to the testimony of Mr. Neale. Now,
it happens that these sheets were issued in 1864.
Mr. Neale was a clerk in the Printing Bureau.
These bonds were in two lots—one of thirty-
seven hundred and the other of twenty-eight
hundred. In 1864 these bonds all came into
the possession of this man Neale, who is the
person furnishing the information to the gen-
tleman from Illinois. Mr. Neale, on first re-
ceiving these bonds, charged himself with the
sheets and carried out the denomination—$50.
