472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13',
tion (S. R. No. 87) to provide for the gradual'
reduction of the Army of the United States;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 88) for the publication of
the reports of the commissioner of the United
States to the Paris Exposition ; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Printing. i
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con- ;
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. _No.
242) declaring the number of men authorized
to be enlisted into the Navy and Marine corps j
of the United States, and for other purposes ; j
which was read twice by its title, referred to j
the Committee on Naval Affiurs, and ordered I
to be printed. I
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous j
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. i
No. 2-13) regulating the service of final process 1
in suits at law, and of orders and decrees in
equity, of courts of the United States in places
out of their jurisdictional limits; whicn was
read twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 244) relative to the La Junta land grant
in New Mexico; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to Introduce a bill (S.
No. 245) to fix the terms of the circuit and
district courts of the United States for the dis-
trict of Oregon, and the salary of the judge
thereof; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
improper publication of committee keport.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President it is late in the
order of business, but I have in my hand a
memorial signed 1>y W. Scott Smith, manager
of the Evening Press Association, addressed
to the Senate, complaining of the injustice
done to him in some remarks made by the
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard] in ref-
erence to the publication of the abstract of a
certain report of the Military Committee. He
asks "as an act of justice to myself, the papers I
represent, and all the parties concerned tbat the
subject be referred to some committee of your
J)ody for investigation and report, to the end
<that the charge of violating faith may be fas-
tened tfpon those to whom it properly belongs,
and that I may have an opportunity to clear
.my name from the odium which has thus been
«ast upon it by the1 remarks of the honorable Sen-
ator ; ' and the memorial further states: "the
undersigned would further state that by means
©r such investigation I expect not only to fully
■vindicate myself from the grave charge made
against me but also to show that as many as
4en persons connected with the press had access
to the document referred to, and that its ptob-
licatipn by the papers I represent was not
■unauthorized." The prayer of the memorial
is that the subject be referred to a committee,
without designating any. I suppose, in con-
sideration of the- connection existing between
this gentleman and the Senatej he being one of
the reporters of the press connected with the
body, it is perfectly fair that he should have
a committee if he wants one, and I suppose
the Committee on the Judiciary would be as
proper a committee as any. I move, there-
fore, that the memorial be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, this peti-
tion seems to me to partake of the character
of a claim that, the party has upon the justice
'of the Sfenate. I do not know that k is in a
pecuniary way; but I really think the Committee
'on Claims ls-the more appropriate committee.
The Committee on the Judiciai^peems to be
made the scapegoat for everything that comes
into the Senate that no committee seems .pecu-
lator to ha*a charge of. I trust the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin will vary the reference of
the memorial. I suggest that it go to the Com-
mittee on Claims, aud then the Senator him-
self can take charge of it. There is certainly
nothing in it appropriate for the Judiciary
Committee.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senate, of course,
will do what they think best with regard to the
memorial which has been presented. I have
nothing to say as to the proper disposition of
that paper by this body. I have only to say
that the allegation contained in the paper,
that the publication to which the writer alludes
was authorized, is entirely incorrect, known
by him to be incorrect, whatever he may be
able to prove before a committee of investiga-
tion. I stand upon that simple proposition—
the Senate have my word for it—that that pub-
lication was entirely unauthorized by me, and
such is the truth of the case. I do not wish to
consume the time of the Senate with this mat-
ter ; they may give the thing such direction as
they choose. j
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Wis-
consin to refer the memorial to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
amend the motion by referring it to the Com- |
mittee on Printing. I have a slight interest in
its not going to the Committee on Claims ; and
as it seems to be a question in relation to print-
ing I move to amend the motion by sending
the paper to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the memorial
be laid on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa
that the paper be laid upon the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I will accept the suggestion
of the Senatorfrom Vermont, and move to refer
the memorial to the Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Wis-
consin, as modified, that this paper be referred
to the Committee on Printing.
The motion was agreed to.
bills become laws.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. W. G. Moore, his Secretary,
announced that the President had, on the 11th
instant, approved and signed the following bill
and joint resolutions:
A bill (S. No. 88) for the relief of Orlaf E.
Dreutzer, late consul of the Li nited States to
the kingdom of Norway;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 70) authorizing
Rear Admiral H. K. Thatcher, to accept a
decoration from the king of the Hawaiian
islands;
A joint resolution (S. R. No; 8ft) in relation
to the erection of a jail in the District of Colum-
bia ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 83) for the
appointment of Regents of the Smithsonian
Institution.
decision of constitutional question's.
Mr. DAVIS. Now I call for the considera-
tion of my resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The res-
olution of the Senator from Kentucky is before
the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS proceeded to read a written
speech in support of his resolution, but at one
o'clock was interrupted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour
has arrived when it becomes the duty of the
Chair to call up the unfinished business of
yesterday, which is the bill (H. R. No. 213) to
suspend further reduction of the currency.
Mr. DAVIS. I would not like to have my
remarks, which are not very lengthy, published
in two different papers; and I trust the Senate
will have the courtesy to let- me conclude my
remarks. I read my manuscript rapidly, ana
shall not consume a great deal of time. I will
wgard it as a very courteous act if the Senate
will permit me to conclude my remarks.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Ken-
tucky knows very well that it is with extreme
reluctance that I oppose a request so reason-
able ; but ho will have the morning hour to-
morrow in which to conclude his remarks ;
and in the mean time he can withhold any
remarks that he has thus far made, and pub-
lish them all together. If I yield in regard to
this matter there will be a pressure from oth-
ers. I hope, therefore, the Senate will take
a vote on this bill; and then, if it be the pleas-
ure of the Senate, after we have acted on the
contraction bill, the Senator can conclude his
remarks.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not wish to stand in the
way of the necessary or useful business of the
Senate. If it be the pleasure of the Senate that
my remarks shall be made as indicated by the
Senator from Ohio, I submit to their decision
with great pleasure.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By the
rules of the Senate the unfinished business is
before the body without any motion for that
purpose, and to pass it by requires an affirm-
ative motion- and decision of the Senate.
The Senator asks for courtesy, and that i 
objected to.
Mr. DAVIS. I will adopt the course sug- v
gested by the honorable Senator from Ohio,
with the permission of the Senate.
contraction of tiie currency.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(H. R. No. 213) to suspend further redaction
of the currency is before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. HOWARD. If it be in order I move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. SHERMAN. Upon that question I "
shall call for the yeas and nays. I trust the
Senator will not press his motion now. We
have before us a public measure for the passage
of which there is great anxiety throughout the
country, and we ought not to postpone a public
measure of that kind for the consideration of
any executive business. I trust, therefore, the
Senator will not antagonize the pending exec-
utive business against a public measure of this
kind. After the passage of this bill I shall not
object to an executive session. I trust the Sen-
ate will stand by me until this bill is disposed
of. It has been debated and been pending
here for a long time.
Mr. HOWARD. I am quite aware of the
importance of the measure which is in the
charge of the Senator from Ohio, but, placed
as I am, I feel it my duty to take the sense of
the Senate on the question whether we shall'
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. MORTON. I believe we can dispose
of this bill in a very few minutes, and I trust
a vote will be had upon it before we proceed
to anything else.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire what is
the precise question pending ?
Tne PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pre-
cise question pending is the motion of the
Senator from Michigan, that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
DGSS.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg pardon of the
Chair. I mean the precise question pending
with regard to the corrency bill, whether there
be an amendment pending, and ij so, what
it is?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing amendment is the motion of the Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buckalew,] to strike
out in the thirteenth and fourteenth lines of
the bill the words " Congress shall other-
wise provide" and to insert the words "tie
1st day of July next."
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to say to the
Senator from Indiana that I think, if he antici-
pates that a vote can be taken on this amend-
ment and the bill in a few moments, he will be
disappointed in that expectation, fori am sure
there wi{l be some diseussion.
Mr. GRIMES. Well, we may as well have
it to-day as at any other time.
