1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185?
entirely on what a schedule is. What is a
schedule? Is it not a description of articles?
A schedule is a description of articles. Here,
on this page of the book, is a description of
what they call "United States bonds"—a
bond for $500, a bond for $1,000. so many for
§5,000, so many for fifty dollars each. The
schedule is a memorandum, an account of cer-
tain things which they certify they have "this
day destroyed." Here is the certificate:
"We hereby certify that all the United States
securities specified and described"—
What does "specified" mean? They spe-
cify the bonds and describe them. They tell
you how many there were and of what denom-
inations ; and they certify that they have de-
stroyed all these securities, and they sign their
names to the certificate. They certify below
the schedule to the memorandum, and the
memorandum relates to United States bonds
and nothing else, when the fact in this case is
that there were no bonds at all.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Let me say a word right
there. They certify that they have destroyed
all the United States securities specified and
described in the schedule. What kind are de-
scribed? "Bronzed;" and in another case,
here in this book, they are described as
"blanks."
Mr. PRICE. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
They are not described as "blanks;" and I
will let any disinterested party read that page,
and if he says they are I will abandon the
case. They are described as bonds.
Mr. VAN WYCK. They are described as
"blanks." And that is not all; upon this
same page, which is to be the evidence of the
guilt of the Department, appears this certifi-
cate, which was put there before the bonds
were destroyed, saying that these bonds are
but "blank pieces of paper." And, therefore,
is it not wonderful that upon this page itself
anything like fraud should be predicated against
this Department? Now, only a word or two
more and I will close.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like the gentle-
man to explain why it was thought necessary
to make an additional certificate in reference
to this particular transaction ?
Mr. VAN WYCK. A similar certificate
appears in another place in this book, where
another pretty large number of bonds was
destroyed and the same certificate was made.
This is not the only certificate of the kind in
the book; there is stiil another. But, no
matter; that does not help the charge at all;
because with the evidence of the destruction
of the bonds, if you choose to call them so.
goes forth the written evidence that they were
only sheets of blank paper.
Now what is the theory? Who perpetrated
this fraud ? Not the Printing Bureau, not Mr.
Clark, because the paper was beyond his con-
trol. Not the counting committee, for they
turned them in as blanks. Not the destruction
committee, because they regarded them as
blanks and destroyed them as such.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to make an inquiry?
Mr. VAN WYCK. Certainly.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I canun-
derstand perfectly well, from the gentleman's
explanation, that any imperfect bonds, which
have not gone through the full process of print-
ing, can be traced ar.d recognized. But what
I want to ask the gentleman is, what evidence
is there that these thirty-seven hundred sheets
of blank paper are the thirty-seven hundred
sheets of blank paper originally delivered to the
Printing Bureau ?
Mr. VAN WYCK. The testimony of the
committee who traced it all through. The de-
nominations were attached to them when they
were first issued in 1864.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman says these sheets, thirty-seven hundred
in number, were blank sheets. If so, was there
any mark on them to designate their intended
denominations?
Mr. VAN WYCK. There was nothing on
40t i Cons. 2d Sess.—55o. 11T.
the sheets, but there were strips of paper ac-
companying each, bundle setting forth the de-
nominations.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Was there
the slightest evidence before the gentlemen who
signed the certificate that these sheets were the
identical thirty-seven hundred sheets issued iu
1804?
Mr. VANWYCK. They could not say that,
because they did not know it. But there were
others who knew the history of the sheets, tra-
cing them from 1864 to this time.
Mi-. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Does the
gentleman say they certified to this without
having any knowledge of it?
Mr. VAN WYCK. Theycertified thatthere
were so many sheets of blank paper. Now, I
defy any one to tellrne how a fraud of this kind
could be perpetrated in registered bonds. Be-
fore each registered bond is issued from the
Treasury the name of the person' to whom it
is issued is put in tho body of the bond or of
the certificate, because it is not exactly a
bond, bnt a mere certificate that the United
States owes so much money to such a person.
On the back is printed a power of attorney,
and if any person holding a registered bond
wishes to transfer it he signs the power of at-
torney printed on the back of it. It is then
sent back to the Register's office, where it is
destroyed, and a new certificate is issued for
what is called a registered bond. Therefore
it is utterly impossible for any person or per-
sons, no matter how strong the combination
may De, to perpetrate a fraud of the kind
charged here through the medium of regis-
tered bonds. It possibly might be done in the
case of coupon bonds, but not in the case of
registered bonds. When I refer (,o the charge
of fraud, of course I do not refer to anything
said by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Price, J
because he ha;s distinctly stated that he did not
believe there was any fraud in this transaction.
The registry shows how many of these bonds
have been issued. The different United States
Assistant Treasurers have a record of the bonds
which draw interest payable at their offices.
When a bond is given up or canceled it is
marked as canceled at the office here, and when
the next payment of interest is made there is
sent forth only the names of those entitled to
draw interest. Therefore it is utterly impos-
sible that a fraud of this kind could be perpe-
trated through the medium of this species of
security.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suppose the gentleman
wants to get at the facts ?
Mr. VAN WYCK. Certainly.
Mr. MAYNARD.
theory to maintain ?'
Mr. VAN WYCK.
Mr. MAYNARD.
He has no particular
Not at all.
Does the investigation
show that there was any considerable amount
of this blank paper destroyed?
Mr. VAN WYCK. No, sir. I understand
that iny time is about out. Now, I have no
sort of objection to the resolution of my col-
league on the committee, [Mr. Randall.] I
will, therefore, call the previous question on
his resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Van Wyck] moved cm yesterday
that the report of the committee bo printed.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan]
moved to amend that motion so as to include
the printing of the testimony with the report.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ran-
dall] has submitted a resojution to recommit
the report with instructions. And the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. VanWyck] has now
called the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. Would it be in order to
move that this matter be referred to a special
committee, to be composed of gentlemen from
this side of the House, inasmuch as the gen-
tlemen on the other side seem to have got into
such a, quarrel that they cannot settle this
matter?
Mr. VAN WYCK. We will attend to our
own quarrels, and hope to be allowed to attend
to sur own funerals. [Laughter'. 1
Mr. ELDRIDG-E. We would like to bury
you all. [Renewed laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The only amendment
pending, then, is the amendment of the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] that the evi-
dence be printed with the report. Does the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Van Wyck]
accept that amendment?
Mr. VAN WYCK. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the report and evidence will be ordered to be
printed ; and the resolution of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] providing
that the subject be recommitted with certain
instructions will be considered as adopted.
There was no objection.
order op business.
The SPEAKER. In regular order the morn-
ing hour would now commence ; but the Chair
understands that the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Eliot,] who has charge of the
bill for the continuance of the Freedmen's
Bureau, now pending in the morning hour, is
willing to allow it to go over.
Mr. PIKE. I hope we shall go on with the
business of the morning hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Iaskunan-
imous consent to proceed in the morning hour
with business from the Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. PIKE. I object.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pike] will with-
draw his objection.
Mr. PIKE. We have had but two morning
hours for reports during this week. There are
other committees that want to report.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Adams] is entitled to the floor on
the bill for the continuance of the Freedmen's
Bureau.
Mr. ELTOT. I hope the gentleman from
Maine will withdraw his objection to the ar-
rangement proposed. My colleague oil the
committee [Mr. Adams] cannot conveniently
address the House to-day. I would suggest
that there be an understanding that at the
close of my colleague's speech I may call the
previous question and take this bill out of
the morning hour, so that we may dispose of it.
Mr. PIKE. I have no objection to its being
taken out of the morning hour.
Mr. WOOD. I object to the arrangement
proposed by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Eliot.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Massachusetts that if his
colleague on the committee surrenders to him
the floor before the end of the hour he can
then demand the previous question before the
morning hour shall expire.
Mr. ELIOT. I should like to have an un-
derstanding about this matter. I will say to
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
that after the previous question is seconded I
will give him a portion of my time.
Mr. WOOD. I do not know how long I
may desire to occupy the attention of the
House; but I dislike to be limited to fifteen or
twenty minutes. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will permit me to address the House
without any other limitation than that which
the rules provide I shall not object.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Pike] and the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wood] object to allowing the business of
the morning hour to go over. The gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Adams] must lake the
floor or surrender it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Would it
not be in order to move to postpone the busi-
ness'of the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. It would be, if the gen-
tleman from Kentucky will yield the floor for
that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
