im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
473
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is 011 the motion of the Senator from
Michigan.
Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. CONNESS. Ifit be apparent that there
is to be an extended discussion on this bill in
charge of the honorable Senator, the chairman
of the Committee on Finance, then I shall vote
to proceed to the consideration of executive
business. If we could get a vote within any
reasonable time, so as to permit both matters
to be disposed of to-day, I should vote with the
Senator. As I understand the Senator from
New York, there is to be further extended dis-
cussion on the bill. If that be the case then
I do not see why there need be a contest in the
Senate, but let us proceed and finish the busi-
ii ess  
Mr. CONKLING. My friend will allow me
to say that I do not intend myself to go into
any extended discussion; but I do wish to make
dome remarks upon this bill. I think other
Senators intend to aubmit some remarks ; but
I do not know that there is to be an extended
discussion. However, I submit if we can do
both things to-day it is of very little conse-
quence to resist the motion to go into execu-
tive session, because if the bill can be disposed
of to-day it is of no consequence whether it be
passed an hour earlier or an hour later.
Mr. SHERMAN. The uniform order of
business is? to dispose of public business first
and executive business afterward. Here is a
bill which has been debated in the Senate for
three or four days, and on which one or two
votes have been taken, pending in the regular
order, and it ought not, in my judgment, to be
postponed for any executive business likely to
arise. I trust, therefore, that we shall act in
order. After this measure is disposed of I
shall be perfectly willing to go into executive
session and transact any business that may be
pending there.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mich-
igan, on which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
•The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 19 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Conkling, Cbn-
neas, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Fesseaden. Freling-
huysen, Harlan, Howard, Howe, Morgan, Morrill of
Vermont, Nye, Patterson of Njw Hampshire, Ram-
sey, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Trumbull, Willey, and
Wilson—23.
NATS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cole, Corbett,
Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Grimes, Henderson, Hend-
ricks, Morton, Patterson of Tennessee, Ross, Sher-
man, Sprague, Tipton, Van Winkle, Wade, and Wil-
liams—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Cragin, Fow-
ler, Guthrie, Johnson, Morrill of Maine, Norton,
Pomeroy, Saulsbury, and Yates—11.
So the motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to the
consideration of executive business; and after
si* hours spent in executive session, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 13, 18&8.
The House met at twelve o'clock rfl. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of Saturday was read and
approved.
bills and joint resolutions.
The SPEAKER stated that this being Mon-
day the first business in order was the call of
States for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions for reference to the appropriate
committees, not to be brought back by a
motion to reconsider.
taxing national bank sharks.
-Mr. BLAINE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
S?5) in relation to taxing shares of national
banks; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency.
relief of volunteers.
Mr. BLAINE also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 376) for the relief of certain officers;
which waa read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
freedmen's bureau.
Mr. ELIOT introduced a bill (H. R. No. 377)
to continue the bureau forthe relief of freedmen
and refugees, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Freedmen's Affairs.
belligerent rights.
Mr. WOOD introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 142) to limit the time and circum-
stances regulating the action of the United
States with reference to the recognition of bel-
ligerent rights of hostile nations; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
registry of vessels.
Mr. HUMPHREY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 378) to farther regulate the registry of ves-
sels ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
supreme court of the united states.
Mr. MILLER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
370) requiring the concurrence of two thirds
of the judges of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States in order to pronounce a law passed
by Congress to be unconstitutional; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
tariff.
Mr. MILLER introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 143) relative to the passage of a
tariff law with as little delay as possible afford-
ing adequate protection to the industrial inter-
ests of the country; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
mails for libraries, etc.
Mr. O'NEILL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
380) relating to mailable matter sent to Certain
societies and public libraries; whieh was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
post roads in delaware.
Mr. NICHOLSON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 381) to establish certain post roads in the
State of Delaware; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
improvement of iiarbor.
Mr. BUCKLAND introduced a bill (H. R.
NoWi82) making appropriation for the im-
provement of the harbor of Port Clinton,
Ohio; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
john hamilton.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 383) granting pension to John
Hamilton, of Ohio ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and the War of 1812,
railroad bridge at paducaii.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 884) authorizing the building
of a railroad bridge across the Ohio river at
Padmeah, Kentucky; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Roads and Canals.
tennessee blind school building.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Tennesseci introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 385) to appropriate money for
rebuilding the Tennessee blind school build-
ing ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
funding the national debt.
Mr. HUNTER intfbdueed a-bill (H. R. No.
386) for the funding of the national debt, and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
UNITED STATES DEPOSITARY AT CniCAGO.
Mr. JUDD introduced a bill (H. R. No. 387)
to fix the compensation of the United States
depositary at Chicago ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
JURISDICTION OF DISTRICT COURTS.
Mr. JUDD also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
388]) to am^tid an act entitled "An act to extend
jurisdiction of the district courts of the United
States in certain cases on the lakes and navi-
gable waters connecting with the same," ap-
proved February 20, 1845; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
IMPROVED LETTER-BOXES.
Mr. BROMWELL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 389) to authorize postmasters to put up
improved letter-boxes; which was road a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
ADDITIONAL BOUNTY.
Mr. CULLOM introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 144) in relation to additional bounty;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
MAIL ROUTE.
Mr. BURR introduced a bill (H. R. No. 390)
to establish a mail route in Illinois ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
PROTECTION OF AMERICAN CITIZENS.
Mr. BURR also introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 145) pledging protection to all citi-
zens, native-born or naturalized, in the enjoy-
ment of all the rights of citizenship under the
Constitution and laws of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
JAMES c. SLOO.
Mr. RAUM introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 146) for the relief of JataesC.
Sloo; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
MISSOURI TROOPS.
Mr. McCLURG introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 147) placing certain troops of
Missouri On an equal footing with others as to
bounties; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is that
from a committee 1
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It should
go to a committee of the House. I move to
refer it to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. McCLURG. I ask the attention of the
gentleman to the fact that this bill was before
the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and was acted
upon, and it has also been before the present
Congress.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is too
late forthe gentleman from Illinois [Mr.Wash-
burse] to make the motion-. The announce-
ment was pade that the joint resolution was"
referred to the Committee of the Whole, and
a motion to- reconsider cannot be made in ref-
erence to any bill introduced in the morning
hour on Monday.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It never
was intended that a bill or joint resolution
should be sent to the Committee of the Whole
without first going to a committee of the
House.
The SPEAKER. The rule says that they
shall be referred to appropriate committees.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suppose,
with all deference, that that means the stand-
ing committees of the House. ,
The SPEAKER. It does not say so, how-
ever. That is a question for the judgment of
the House. It can refer a bill to the Commit-
tee of the Whole or to a standing or select
committee.
