1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2881
which gentlemen talk so much? Admit what
they say; admit, which I do not, that by the
first section of this bill you would legislate the
present Commissioner out of office ; take them
upon their own ground. What then? You have
in either case a head of a department holding
his office by appointment from the President
of the United States. The only difference
between the old system and the new is that the
old system required the confirmation by the
Senate of two classes of officers amounting in
all to four hundred and eighty, -while it left
more than five thousand to be appointed by the
head of the Department alone.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. KNOTT obtained the floor.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Knott] will yield to me a
moment, I would like to make a brief reply to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schexck,]
who has alluded to me and my proposition.
Mr. KNOTT. As I have but five minutes,
the gentleman must excuse me.
I move to amend by adding at the end of the
section the following:
Provided, That no assessor or collector shall be
removed from office by the Commissioner except for
incompetency, misfeasance, or non-feasance in office,
vt conviction of bribery, perjury, forgery, or felony
at common law: And provided further. That when-
ever any assessor or collector shall be removed from
office by the Commissioner under the provision of
this aet, the Commissioner shall immediately file
with the Secretary of the Treasury a statement in
writing of the cause of such removal, and if any
assessor or collector shall be removed from office on
any other grounds than those mentioned in the first
proviso to this section, or If the grounds of such
removal shall be in fact untrue, the Commissioner
shall be removed from office therefor.
Mr. Chairman, I know very little about the
character, private or official, of those who are
■engaged in the assessment and collection of
our internal revenue. I am acquainted with
only two of these officers, the assessor and col-
lector of my own district; and I am glad to
say that, so far as I know, they are not only
honorable gentlemen, but competent and faith-
ful officers. But, sir, the honorable chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means has, on
several occasions, exhibited to us most start-
Sing instances of peculation and fraud perpe-
trated in this branch of the public service; and,
as a remedy for the enormous evils existing
under the present system, he proposes that the
responsibility for the character of the various
officials shall be fixed upon some single per-
son. To fix that responsibility he proposes by
this bill to erect a new department, to be un-
der the charge of a person who, as I under-
stand the Constitution, must be a new officer.
How or to whom this officer is to be held to
greater responsibility than rests upon the pres-
ent appointing power 1 have not yet seen. But
one thing is clear: this bill proposes to confer
upon this new officer, within his particular
sphere, powers almost autocratic. By the
breath of his nostrils he is to clothe with the
habiliments of official power an army of sub-
ordinates, drawing* from the public Treasury
$6,000,000, and handling the public funds to
the amount of §200,000,000. More than that,
their official existence is to depend entirely
upon his fiat. If a solitary one of them hesi-
tates to "crook the pregnant hinges of the
knee" at his simple ncd; if a solitary one
refuses to promote the personal aggrandize-
ment of his chief, or to acquiesce in his polit-
ical opinions, thatchief hasonly to draw around
him his imperial toga, wave his official trun-
cheon, and exclaim, "Off with his head!"
To whom is he responsible? No one.
What I propose is that if this tremendous
power is to be placed in the hands of one man
we shall, by the provisions of the law, make
him feel, when he consigns one of his cringing
subordinates to the political guillotine, that his
own neck is liable to the constriction of the
bowstring, if this subordinate is competent, is
faithful, is free from any just charge against
his official character or conduct. Justice to
these subordinate officers requires that they
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 181.
should not be left without protection, subject
to the solitary will of a single man.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I rise to
oppose the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Knott,] and to answer one
proposition which the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Schekck]
has repeated several times. He says that we
who oppose the present scheme as exhibited
in the first and the sixth sections of this bill
ought to show something better, ought to pre-
sent a plan for throwing proper guards around
the collection of the revenue. Now, I submit
that is hardly to be expected from a body as
large as the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. It is enough if the Com-
mittee of the Whole are not willing to agree to
the propositions of the Committee of Ways and
Means that they say so by vole, and then ask
the Committee of Ways and Means to perfect
the bill in accordance with the vote of the Com-
mittee of the Whole. That, it seems to me, is
a proper answer to my colleague.
I knowtoo well thedifficultiesattendantupon
a work of this kind to think that anybody may
undertake in this House to perfect the details
of a system while we sit in the Committee of
the Whole House. It seems to me the best
service we can render is to bring the House to
a vote on this question of striking out the sixth
section. If we strike it out the gentleman will
admit that it strikes out the plan of making this
a separate department. I made the motion last
night for a test vote, and I have no doubt that
it would have carried but for the fact that the
House was thin. The first section was retained
in the bill by a majority of* only three votes. I
believe that, the question having arisen again,
we can show that the majority of the House is
in favor of striking out the plan of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means for the creation of
a new and separate department of internal rev-
enue. Therefore I hope we will be allowed
to come to a vote, and with the consent of the
chairman of the Ways and Means Committee
I will now move that the committee rise for
the purpose of closing debate and coming to a
vote on the motion to strike out. Of course I
will not move it if the chairman does not con-
sent. It seems to me that vote being taken will
test the question. If the gentleman is sustained
by the House it will be then our duty to sustain
and perfect his plan. If the House does not
sustain him, then we ought not to waste any
more time in debate on this plan. I will say
that is the whole purpose I have in view to get
a vote on striking out this sixth section, so we
may reconsider the vote taken last night as to
whether we will consent to the adoption of a
plan which makes a new department with the
legal and constitutional difficulties now shown
to be in the way, and clothes the head of that
department with the tremendous power this
section gives him. I will not make the motion
if the chairman of Ways and Means does not
consent.
The question was taken on Mr. Ivxott's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I want to assure the
chairman of the committee, and the members
of the committee who agree with me in my
view of the case, that I will go heartily with
them for its perfection at any time.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order,
The gentleman must offer an amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will do so. The chair-
man of the Ways and Means Committee com-
plains that I do not offer a system which would
harmonize all difficulties.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must
offer his amendment first.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to strike out
these words:
That the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall
have power to appoint and remove all collectors,
assessors, assistant assessors, supervisors of internal
revenue.
And in lieu thereof to insert the following:
That the President shall havctbepowertoappoint
and remove, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, and not otherwise, all collectors and
assessors; and the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue shall have the sole power to appoint and re-
move all-
Then come the words which I leave in the
section:
inspectors, gaugers, storekeepers, and other officers
and clerks provided for in this aet, who shall sever-
ally give bond for the faithful performance of their
duties, as may be required by law.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it seems to me this
will harmonize the conflicting views of those
who do not concede the constitutional power
of Congress to vest in the head of the new
Department created by this bill the absolute
power of appointment and removal of the entire
revenue officers of the Government. My
amendment reserves the appointment and
removal of those officers I have indicated
where they now are—in the hands of the Pres-
ident, under the restrictive clauses of the ten-
ure-of-office act. For the purpose of concen-
trating power in a responsible head, which the
chairman has so ably discussed, it confers
power upon the Commissioner to appoint all
the other inferior officers.
If this new department is to be created, it
seems to me that this will obviate the difficulties
which are now in the way, except one, and that
is the right of Congress to transfer the Com-
missioner, now a bureau officer, to be head of
the new department. I do not concede that
power; but, it being conceded, my amendment
leaves the appointment and removal of collect-
ors and assessors, and the other officers I have
named, just as they now are—in the hands of
the President—and to give the power of ap-
pointment and removal of the other officers of
the internal revenue to the Commissioner. I
want a vote on the amendment.
Mr. SOHENCK. I have no objection to
having the proposition voted on. I admit that
it is practicable.
If the majority of the committee agree with
him they will adopt it. I desire, however, to
bring the committee at as early a moment as
possible to a vote upon this section and the
various amendments now pending, or that may
hereafter be offered.
But before I make that motion I wish to ask
the attention of the committee to one particu-
lar thing which shows the nature of this strug-
gle which is going on. My colleague, who
addressed the House a moment ago, [Mr. Gar-
field,] has defined his position and the posi-
tion, of course, of those who agree with him ;
but it is a position in which 1 cannot stand
with him. He is for striking out the whole
section, in order, as he says, to retain this pres-
ent system. I and the committee acting with
me, after four or five months' patient research
and examination into the condition ofthe whole
question, have come to the conclusion that the
present system is a failure, and have desired
to substitute for it another. What the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] proposes to
insert is a sort ol" compromise by which we
retain as ranch of the present system as em-
braces officers who now are required to have
the confirmation of the Senate. Let them
still be nominated by the President and be con-
firmed by the Senate, but give the appointment
of the other officers whose appointment is at
present in the Secretary of the Treasury to the
Commissionerof Internal Revenue. If we can
I get no more than that, I believe even that will
■ be a great improvement upon the present sys-
| tem. If we could get more, and have a com-
' plete, undivided responsibility, I feel as sure
as I do of anything in the world—and I have
given tlie subject much careful study—that we
would do still better.
My colleague on the committee [Mr. Logan]
desires to offer an amendment, which he wishes
to explain. I will move that the committee
rise, with a view of terminating debate, notify-
ing the committee that I shall move to tcrmi-
i nate debate in five minutes after the House
shall again go iuto the Committee ox the
Whole. , .
The CHAIRMAN. Itmaybedonebyunani-
mous consent. Is there objection?
