1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3905
quite as high and as respeGtable, the honorable
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.] Ho
says:
"And the question now under consideration is,
have the two Houses of Congress in their legisla-
tive capacity the power to lay down certain rules
by which this office of counting the vote may be per-
formed ? I think that they have. The clause in the
Constitution read first by the Senator from New
Hampshire, and subsequently by other Senators,
seems to me to confer full and plenary power m rela-
tion to the manner of eountingthe votes upon Con-
gress; and Congress may declare by its legislative
fiction certain rules to regulate tho count of the
presidential vote."
Still later he says:
" Now, sir, as I understand the effect of this joint
resolution, it is simply in a form to do that duty"—
Which he has described to be the duty of as-
certaining whether the votes given are the votes
of the Stato, and he illustrates by supposing
the vote to have been given to some person
whose eligibility was in question—
"that is, to ascertain whether the vote of certain
States lias been cast in conformity to the Constitution
or not, and deciding that they have not been east in
conformity to the Constitution, to exclude them from
the count, Sonae gentlemen here think the election
in Louisiana was illegal for one class of reasons; I
think it was illegal for another class of reasons; but
as wo both come to the same conclusion, it is imma-
terial upon what grounds. The vote of that State is
illegal."
The honorable Senator moved an amend-
ment to the joint resolution that was then pend-
ing, and apparently as expressive of his views,
■which contains in it so clearly the precise prin-
ciple upon which this bill proceeds that I can-
not forbear from reading it:
"Mr. Davis. I move to amend the amendment
by striking out all alter tho word 'that,' where it
first occurs, and inserting:
"'The States of Virginia, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Georgia, Plorida, Alabama, Mississippi,
Louisiana, Texas, Arkansas, and Tennessee, are not
entitled to representation in the Electoral College
for t lie choice of President and Vico President for tho
term of office commencing on the 4th day of March,
1865; and no electoral votes shall be received or
counted from said States concerning the choice of
President and Vice President for tho said term of
office.'"
At another place in the debate, which I will
not occupy time in turning to, the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolitti.e] 
"" Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
give me the exact date of that debate?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will give you the book
that contains the marks, so that you can look
into it. It was between the 1st and 4th of
February. The debate ran through two or
three days.
Mr. DAVIS. What year?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Eighteen hundred and
sixty-five. The honorable Senator from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Doolittle,] not now in his scat,
expressed substantially the same opinions. The
fault that he found with the passage of that
resolution was that it was passed after the fact,
after the votes had been cast, and he contended,
and with a good deal of plausibility, that the
law ought to provide in advance the rule which
should govern. I cite him also as a good
authority.
After this debate, in which all these eminent
gentlemen on all sides agreed as to the power
of Congress and the propriety of a regulating
rule which should leave nothing to discretion
or doubt when the event should come, the res-
olution passed by yeas 29, nays 10, and among
the yeas are the names of my honorable friend
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buckai.ew,] the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, to whom I have referred,
[Mr. Davis,] the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Hendricks,] aud, I believe, one or two other
distinguished members of that political party.
I take this, in connection with the well-known
principles of the Constitution and of the prac-
tice of all the States, to be, what is so well
called by my friend from Kentucky, plenary
proof that we have the power to pass a bill of
this discription, arid that it is proper that we
should exercise that power if there is any rea-
sonable possibility that a case of dispute may
arise.
Now, tho honorable Senators are opposed
to this resolution undsubtedly because those
communities that have been permitted, after
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 245.
the rebellion has been crushed, to organize
themselves are not the sort of communities
that they wish to recognize. They would be
glad to have a bill passed, I do not doubt,
which should declare that the men who were
entitled to vote in I860, and no others, in those
States should bo entitled now to vote for Pres-
ident. The honorable Senator from Pennsyl-
vania put his opposition distinctly, last night,
to this resolution upon the ground that those
governments that are now organized there are
irregular, usurpations, unconstitutional, void
governments; and he went so far as to inti-
mate—but I do not wish to follow him into
that, because that enters into the political field,
and I desire to have this resolution considered
upon its merits and got. through—he went so
far as to intimate that the reception of the
votes from those reorganized communities and
under their authority would be resisted if
they affected the result. But I will not follow
him into that. I merely allude to it now so
far as I can legitimately, to show that here is
a possibility ot a question being raised which
ought to be provided for in advance by the
law.
Other citizens of our country of great dis-
tinction, the newspaper press of the country
of the party to which the honorable Senator
belongs, have intimated a different line of
policy, but still opening the question; that is to
say, not only that the votes of these organized
communities should not be counted, but that
voles taken under some preexisting organiza-
tion, or without any organization at all, from
the body of electors who by the old laws before
the rebellion were entitled to vote, should be
the votes received and counted in this election
for President. Now, all those are questions.
They are fair questions for debate; and I re-
spect the opinions of any Senator who believes
that any of these branches of the proposition
is the true one. All that I beg to remind
these Senators of is that, it being a question
of dispute, the law-making power, binding
upon us all, upon our consciences, requires
tho concurrence of a majority to determine
the rule beforehand how this dispute shall be
disposed of; that is all. There must be, in
the nature of things, rules where there is this
possibility, a provision made which shall be a
controlling guide to tho disposition of the
question; and the Constitution, happily for
the peacc of the country, has confided the
making of that rule, as I have shown from
these debates and from the Constitution itself,
to the law, just as in all systems of civilized
governments such questions are confided to
the disposition of the law, made in advance
of the fact, and laying its calm but steadfast
hand upon whatever state of circumstances
and in whatever interest they may arise,_ when
they do arise, impartially and according to
that rule ; leaving no discretion to_ anybody,
as the honorable Senator from Illinois sup-
posed it was to do, but taking away discretion
from everybody, and pointing out, as the
Senator confessed we were the political power
who were to point out and to ascertain, which
are the States now embraced within the terri-
tories that were the States in 18C0, what polit-
ical communities are the ones which are the
States; because there cannot be two States
within one territorial boundary of a State.
There can be but one political community
that is the true one; and as my honorable
friend from Pennsylvania conceded last night—
and itis nothing new, of course; wo all under-
stand it—it is the political department of the
Government, the law-making power, acting
through its laws which recognize that condition
of things that is to determine what the State is.
We have determined as to these States we have
provided for the readmission of, who have
chosen to reorganize themselves after this
rebellion, that that political community is the
State. We have not undertaken to interfere
in that political community, as the Senator
said, to compel them to organize a Stato. We
have not undertaken to interfere by excluding
one half of the people from determining what
sort of institutions they would have; but we
have, with a very narrow class of exceptions
founded upon crime, appealed to the whole
body of tho community to organize such gov-
ernments, republican in form, as they should
think fit. Having organized them and sub-
mitted them to our approval, they have been
completely restored and rehabilitated. Now,
we must decide that they, and no other organi-
zation, are the political community in those
States ; and therefore from them, and from no
other organization, can votes for President and
Vice President be received.
I should have been glad, if the time would
permit, to make some remarks especially in
reply to some of the observations of the Sena-
tor from Illinois, founded upon the fear that
somebody would say that this was a partisan
movement; but I have not the time consistently
with the patience of the Seuate to do that. He
of all other men, I think, ought not to be afiaid
of doing what justice and propriety would seem
to require on account of people finding fault
with his action. Pie has given us eminent
proofs of his courage in that respect a great
many times.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, between the
resolution presented by the Senator from Ver-
mont and the substitute offered by the Senator
from New York, I believe there is only a
formal difference. The one speaks in par-
ticular terms designating States, and the other
in general terms, which necessarily compre-
hends them. I agree with the Senator from
Vermont in one of his propositions most un-
hesitatingly, that there can be but one State
within the same limits. I lay down the fur-
ther proposition that the State, the true State,
that occupies and consists of the people within
the particular boundary of a State, has the right
to elect presidential electors.
I agree with the Senator in another of his
propositions, that any law of Congress or any
regulation which does not infract the Consti-
tution, but which is merely diiectory of the
manner in which the ministerial duty of count-
ing the votes of the presidential electors may
be prescribed by Congress ; but whenever such
a law in any of its provisions impinges upon
any of the provisions of the Constitution, to
that extent it is null aud void. I will read
what the Constitution says 011 this subject of
presidential electors:
"Each Stato shall appoint, in sueh manner as the
Legislature thereof maydircct,a numberof electors,
equal to tho whole number ot Senators and llopre-
sentatives to which tho State may be entitled in the
Congress."
Now, as to what is to be done with the votes
of those electors when they are chosen:
"The electors shall meet in their respective States,
and vote by baJlotior President and Vico President,
one of whom, at least, shall not bo an inhabitant of
the same State with themselves; they shall name in
their ballots the person voted for as President, and
in distinct ballots the person voted for as Vice Presi-
dent; and they shall make distinct lists of all per-
sons voted for as President, and of all persons voted
for as Vice President, and of the number of votes
for each, which lists they shall sign and certify, and
transmit sealed to the seat of tho Government of the
United States, directed to the President of the
Senate. The President of the Senate shall, in pres-
ence of the Senate and House of Representatives,
open all tho certificates, and tho votes shall then be
counted."
These are the portions of the text of the
Constitution which settle the principles, and I
concede that any legislation within the limit
of those principles would be constitutional.
Now, 1 will proceed to examine each one of
the principles established by these provisions
of the Constitution which I have read, and
endeavor to compare them with the proposi-
tion of the honorable Senator:
"Each State shall appoint, in such manner as
the Legislature thereof may direct, a number of
clcctors."
The first question isT What is the State that is
to appoint in such manner as the Legislature
thereof shall direct, the electors to which that
State is entitled ? It is the people of the par-
ticular portion of the country organized into a
State, under a constitution formed by the peo-
ple who are clothed with the political power
