3906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
■within that State. The first requisite in the
process is that there must be a State. The
people alone can form a State. To constitute
a State, it must have a government, a govern-
ment by a constitution; and that is just as
necessary as people or territory to constitute a
State. How is this government of constitution
to be formed ? It is to be formed by the peo-
ple of the State alone. Congress has no power
to form the government of a State. It has no
power to form that government in whole or in
part. It has no right to meddle with that duty
and right of the people of the State, the form-
ation of their government, except on a single
point; and that is, to see that it is republican
in form.
Now, when it is inquired whether a particu-
lar country being called a State has elected
presidential electors or not, I admit that the
two Houses may and must necessarily inquire
whether there is a State within that country.
To reach that conclusion there must be a de-
fined territory ; there must be a people ; there
must be a constitution or a form of govern-
ment creating a Legislature; and this form of
government must be made by the people of
the State in their sole and sovereign capacity,
irrespective of any manipulation or interfer-
ence by Congress. The government of the
State made by the people thereof must have a
legislative body, and that legislative body that
is created and organized must direct the man-
ner in which the presidential electors shall be
chosen. If there are any of these essential,
constitutional requisites absent, it is a fatal
defect in its non-con formation to the Consti-
tution, and such a State in which such con-
stitutional and organic defects exist has no
power whatever to choose electors.
I will illustrate my proposition by an ex-
ample, and I will take an example in point.
Here are Alabama and Arkansas. It is said
they have been reconstructed. Both of those
States before their governments were destroyed
had constitutions and State governments formed
by or with the consent and acquiescence of the
people of those States respectively, and those
governments have been recognized by Con-
gress and all the departments of this Govern-
ment in various official acts. The honorable
Senator from Vermont and his associates on
this floor were not satisfied to let those gov-
ernments formed by the people remain and
perform their legitimate functions, but they
proceeded to pass what are called the recon-
struction laws of Congress, which profess to
abrogate those governments, and to dictate
conditions upon which they should be reformed
in conlormity to the laws of Congress.
My position is that those governments which
Congress found in existence, and which it re-
cognized by passing laws for the government
of those respective States, being formed by the
people of the States, or they having acquiesced
in and adopted those governments, were the
only legitimate, constitutional governments of
the States. It was not competent for Congress
to abolish those governments. The recon-
struction laws which proposed to effect that
object were flagrantly in violation of the Con-
stitution, and are utterly null and void. They
had no right to abrogate a State "government.
A State government can be formed by but one
power on earth under the Constitution of
the United States, and that is by the people of
the State. They are not only to exercise the
power, but all the power; and if Congress
interferes by its dictation and by military force
for the purpose of coercing, constraining the
people of a State to form a government after
a particular manner, or not to form it after a
particular manner, it is an interference without
sanction of power and utterly destroys and ren-
ders null and void the bastard fruit of such
interference.
Then, sir, I am led to this position: not
only that the State governments of Alabama,
Arkansas, and all the other southern States
which had been formerly adopted by their peo-
ple, could not be legitimately or constitution-
ally or authoritatively abolished by Congress,
but also to the second position that Congress
had no legitimate or constitutional power to
build up other States in their stead. This rea-
soning leaJs me to the conclusion that electors
chosen by tliegovernments and the Legislatures
of those States that were provided for by their
previous constitutions would be literally and
strictly in conformity to the Constitution, and
that any electors chosen by these spurious and
bastard governments in those or in any of the
other southern States that have been erected
by the usurped power of Congress, in con-
junction with the military power of tlienation,
perverted to that illegitimate and unconsti-
tutional use, with the instrumentality of the
negroes, who are not entitled, constitutionally,
to vote at all, are utterly null and void, and
have no power whatever to choose electors in
tbe presidential election.
Suppose there should be two electoral tickets
elected from the southern States, one under
their governments that existed before the inter-
position of Congress by force to destroy them,
and by the Legislatures of those States respect-
ively, and then other classes of electors chosen
or appointed by these subsequent illegitimate
governments. My position is that the former
would have all the legitimate and constitutional
power to cast the vote of their respective States
in the presidential election, and that the latter
would not have a particle of power to do it.
Mr. CONKLING. To which governments
do you refer, the provisional governments, or
those before the rebellion?
Mr. DAVIS. I refer to the governments
which the people recognizcd after the rebel-
lion had ceased. They were not provisional
governments. The people do not make pro-
visional governments. They make absolute
governments. The provisional governments
were set np afterward by military power, in
derogation of and upon the ruins of the legit-
imate governments which the people them-
selves had formed. I maintain that it is the
right of those previously existing legitimate
governments formed by the people themselves,
and not the right of those meretricious govern-
ments set up by Congress, to choose electors
for those respective States ; and I believe that
whenever the question is presented that a class
of electors chosen by the negro governments
offer to vote for President of the United States
the white people will see to it that the negro
governments do not cast their votes, and that
the white men do.
Now, sir, what does this joint resolution
propose? I will read it:
Resolved, <£c., That the States of Virginia, North
Carolina.^ South Carolina. Georgia, Florida, Ala-
bama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Texas,
respectively, shall not be entitled to representation
in the Electoral College.
Did any American statesman or legislator
■ever before assume so monstrous and so un-
sound a principle? This resolution recognizes
that they are States, and yet it says that the
States shall not, except on particular condi-
tions, be entitled to choose electors whose votes
shall be received and counted. Whence does
the honorable Senator from Vermont derive
that power to the Senate or to Congress or to
liimself? There is this important difference
between the honorable Senator and myself:
lie thinks that Congress have sole, sovereign,
and absolute power over the subject; I, on
the contrary, believe that they have not a
particle of power over the subject. But, to
proceed with this resolution:
That the States of Virginia., &e., shall not be
entitled to representation in the Electoral College
for the choice of President or Vice President of the
United States, and no electoral votes shall be received
or counted from any such States, unless at the time
prescribed bv law for the choice of electors, the peo-
ple of such States, pursuant to the acts of Congress
in that behalf, shall have, since the 4th day of
March, 1867, adopted a constitution of State govern-
ment, &u.
I ask the honorable Senator where does he
derive the power to assums the position that
Congress shall or shall not receive electoral
votes? I put that question pointedly and with
emphasis to the honorable Senator or any of
his coadj utors.
Mr. HOWARD. What is the question?
Mr. DAVIS. Where do gentlemen derive
the power that authorizes Congress .to pass a
law saying that an electoral vote for President
shall be received or shall not be received?
Mr. HOWARD. As the honorable Senator
from Vermont, to whom the interrogatory was
more particularly addressed, has been obliged
to leave the Chamber for a moment, and as
the Senator has included others who hold with
him in his interrogatory, he will pardon me for
making a very brief answer.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not ask the honorable
Senator for an argument. I just ask him to
refer me to the power.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes; I will immediately,
without circumlocution; the power to suppress
rebellion and to subdue insurrection.
Mr. DAVIS. That is the most universal
and illimitable power that was ever contended
for on this earth, but instead of meaning any-
thing and everything, it comprehends but a
single, simple point; and that is to suppress
insurrection, and when that is done the power
is as dead as a door-nail. It exists no longer.
Mr. DRAKE. If the honorable Senator will
consider me included among those to whom he
appeals for a designation of the power, I would
give it a little different direction from that of
the honorable Senator from Michigan. The
Constitution says :
"Each State shall appoint, in such manner as the
Legislature thereof raav direct, a number of electors
equal to the whole number of Senators and Repre-
sentatives to which the State may be entitled in tho
Congress."
I presume that in that clause of the Consti-
tution is the power of Congress to determine
what States are entitled to representation in
Congress.
Mr. DAVIS. I am much obliged to the
honorable Senator for his remark ; and I will
answer him by this conclusive quotation from
the Constitution, which says positively, expli-
citly, and unconditionally, that every State
shall be entitled to two Senators in Congress,
and to Representatives in proportion to her
population under the ratio, and then that every
State shall be entitled to as many electoral
votes as she is entitled to Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congress. There is the whole of
it. Every State is entitled to two Senators.
My State is entitled to nine Representatives in
Congress. Consequently, my State is entitled
to eleven electoral votes. That is the plain
language of the Constitution; that is its per-
manent and immutable meaning until it is
altered in the mode prescribed for the amend-
ment of the instrument itself; and this Con-
gress has no power to impinge the right of my
State or any other State to her representation
in the Senate, in tho House of Representatives,
or in the Electoral College.
But I will proceed. I was denying the posi-
tion assumed by the honorable Senator from
Vermont in this resolution, that Congress had
the right to say whether a presidential elect-
oral vote shall be received" or counted from
any State. I say there is no power in Con-
gress to deny the receipt of an electoral vote,
or to receive it at all. With the matter of
accepting a vote Congress has nothing to do.
The two Houses are authorized to count the
votes. It is not Congress; it is not the two
branches acting legislatively; it is the two
Houses of Congress acting in a convention,
and acting ministerially. They are then per-
forming no legislative duty ; they are perform-
ing no duty whatever except a mere simple
ministerial duty which they could be com-
manded by a court of competent jurisdiction
by mandamus to execute; and if they refused
to execute it, their non-uxeculion would not
affect the question of the election of a Presi-
dent at all. It would be as good without the
count, if Congress was to refuse to count, as
with the count.
But this resolution goes on to declare :
And no electoral votes shall be received or
counted from any of such States.
That is the provision of the proposed law
