186a
THE COtfGBESSIONAI/ OLOBm
m
public okfickbs in thb district.
Mr. INGERSOLL al#o introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 419) to provide for the appointment of
a warden and physician of the United States
jail in the District of Columbia, and for a
stenographer of the supreme court thereof;
which vaa read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
railroad ijt thb district.
Mr. INGERSOLL also introduced a bill (H.
R. Ifo. 420) to incorporate the Connecticut
Avenue and Park Railroad Company in the
District of Columbia ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia.
susan t. berg.
Mr. CO BURN introdmced a bill (H. R. No.
421) for the relief of Susan V. Berg; which
fu read a first and second time, Mid referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
JOSEPH HARMOJ.
Mr. COBURN also introduced a bill (H. R-
No. 422} for the relief of Joseph Harmon;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
HKIRS or SIMEON CASTRO.
Mr. COBURN also intro3uced a bill (H/ B.
No. 42S> for the relief of the heirs of Simeon
Castro and their assigns ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
belief for drafted men.
Mr. KOOXTZ introduced a lull (H. R. No.
424) amendatOTj of an act entitled '' An act for
the relief of certain drifted men;" which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
sergeant HENRY DRENNING.
Mr. KOONTZ also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 425) authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to settle the account of Sergeant
Henry Drenning, late of company K fifty-fifth
Pennsylvania volunteers; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com- j
mittec on Military Affairs.
robert i. 8iikad8. . >
Mr. KOONTZ also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 426) for the reKef of Robert E. Sbeads:
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Passions.
washington butchers* association.
Mr. KOONTZ also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 425) to incorporate the Washington Be-
nevolent Botchers Association of the District
of Columbia; which was read a first and seo-
ond tune, and referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
metropolitan board Of p0uoi.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 428) to repeal section three of the act
approved-July 23,1866, establishing a metro-
politan board of police for the District of
Columbia; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
f AT or VOLUKTEER SOLDIERS AMD SAILORS.
Mt. ASHLEY, of Ohio, also introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 429) for the relief and pay of
certain volunteer soldiers and sailors therein
designated; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
ary Affairs.
bebecca'j. sheppard.
Mr. MYERS introduced a bill' (EL R. No.
480) authorizing the Secretary of the Treasary
to issue anew bond to Rebecca J. Sheppard,
of Philadelphia, in the place of a similar one
destroyed by fire; -which, was read a first
*nd second time, and referred to the Comaiit-
tee of Ways and Means.
benjamin malone.
Mr. MYERS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No, 431) for the relief pf Benjamin Malone,
late additional ^paymaster in the Army; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
jambs kkknan.
Mr. ROBINSON introduced a bill (H. fL
No. 432) for the relief of James Keenan; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
palemon john.
Mr. MERCUR introduced a bill (H. R. No.
483) for the relief of Palemon John; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
new post roads in ohio.
Mr. VAN TRUMP introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 434) to establish a post route from Shades-
ville, Ohio, to Genoa, Ohio; which was read
a first hand second time, and referred to'the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BINGHAM introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 435) to establish a post road and mail
ronte in the State of Ohio; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
amendment of thb constitution.
Mr. BINGHAM also introduced a bill _(H.
R. No. 436) declaring the fourteenth article
of the amendment proposed by the Thirty-
Ninth Congress duly ratified as a part of the
Constitution; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and  ordered to be printed.
relief of setters in california.
Mr. HIGBY, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of the Legislature of the
State of California to Congress, praying for
relief for settlers upon public lands in lone
valley, in said State ; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
POST ROADS Wf MONTANA.
Mr, CAVANAUGH introduced a bill (H.
ft. No. 437) to establish certain post xoads in
the Territory of Montana; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
homesteads to freedmen, etc.
Mr. BOUTWELL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 438) to promote agricultural industry in
the States recently in rebellion, and to secure
homesteads to freedmen; which was read a
first and ftecond time, And referred to the
Committee on Freedmen'S Affairs.
call for resolutions.
The SPEAKER stated that the next busi-
ness in order was the call of States for resolu-
tions, beginning with the State of Maine,
where the call was last suspended.
treatment of union prisoners.
Mr. PAINE. , At the request of the com-
mittee-appointed at the last session on the
treatment of prisoners of .war, I offer tbe fol-'
lowing resolution, and- demand the previous
question thereon:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Treatment
of Prisoners of War and Union Citizens be continued
with full power from the last session in accordance
with the resolutions of the House of July 10 and 13,
1867.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope the gentleman
will give some reason for offering this resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable. If
the previous question is not 'seconded; and any
gentleman i,then rises to debate it, it will, go
over.
Mr. RANDALL. Does not this come in
conflict with the resolution adopted by the
House forbidding any committee to send for
persons and papers where expenditure is in-
volved?
The 8PEAKER. If it is adopted it will
rescind that resolution so far as tnis commit-
tee is concerned.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Willlthe
gentleman from Wisconsin allow an amend-
ment, to be offered ,tl>at there shall be no
additional expense incurred ?
Mr. PAINE. I would yield for that, pur-
pose if I knew anything about the merits of
the matter. I know nothing about it.
Mr. ROSS. I suppose the resolution goes
over; it haa bean debated.
The SPEAKER. It has not been debated.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes'42, noes 51: no quorum voting.
Tellers -feere ordered; ana the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Paine and Muhoen.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 74, noes 47.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was- then ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to reconsider the vote by which the main ques-
tion was ordered.
Mr. PAINE. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I believe
I have the floor. . , ,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman, cannot
debate the question. •
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois: I can
ask a question ?
Th$ SPEAKER. A parliamentary one.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
know how much this committee has cost and
how much it Wproposed it shall cost.
The SPEAKER* That is not a parliament-
ary qnestion.,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask the mover of the
resolution to allow an, amendment j
The SPEAKER. It is not within his power.
Mr. ROBINSON. Nor within • the power
of the House? .,
The SPEAKER.
only-
Mr. SPALDING: Ts it u  order to. inqujre
whether the committee hag a clerk and stenog-
rapher both?.
The SPEAKER. It is not.-
Mr. ROSS. I demand the yeas and nays on
the, motion,. .   .•
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Question was taken; and It was decided
in the negative—yeas 51, nays 98, not voting
39; as follows:
By unanimous consent
n, 42JKB*OOIiUIIt
Gets, Gl'ossbrennen Gplladay, GriswoW-Grover,
Haight, Hoi man, Hotobkiss, Richard D. EFabbaw,
Hnmphrey.J enckes, t ohnson.Korr, Knott, Marshall,
Marvin, Morgan. Morrigjey, Niblack, ,NldhoUoa,
Peters, Phelps, Proyn, Randall, Robinson, .Bon,
8 rt greaves, Spalding, Stone, Tabe^Lawreneo Bi
Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, Elihu B; Wash-
burne. Wood, and Woodward—51.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson,Delos R. Ashley,
Junes M. Ashley,-Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Banks,
Beaman. Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, _ Bout well,
Bromwell. Brobmall, Buckland, Churchill, Sidney
Clarke, Oobb, Coburn, Covode, Cullom, Dodge,
 -'   — *fcVi 12^1 11* i 1r. —/Atvnwa 1 «f UnVil 1 tl
bard. uuxbard« Jiunter,. jingersoii, j uqq, «j uiian 
Kelse£, Kettham, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Loughndee,
Mallory, Maynard, McCarthy, MdClm*, nteronr.
Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Mullins. Myers*
Neweomb, N« n, ©'NeiB, Ofth, Paino, ^rham,
Pike, Pile, Plants, Pomeroy, Price, Ranm.Robert-
Bon, Sohenek, Bcofield, Slinks,, Smith, Aaron P.
Stevens, Stokes, Taylor, John Trimble, Trowbridge.
Twiehell, B^son, Van Aernani, Robert T. Van Horau
Van Wyek. Ward, Oadwalad«r C.Washbnrn. Henry
I). Washburn, Welker, Thomas WiUiams, William
Williams, James P. Wilson. John T. Wilson,Stephen
P. Wilson, Windom. and Woodbnd«e-98. _
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Blaine,
Biair, BoyerT Butler, Cake. Coo*, OoraeU. Dawes,
Dixon, Donnelly. Eckley. Bla, Welds, Rnney, Gar-
field, Halsey, Hawkins, AsahelW.Hubbard. Jones,
ITallnv Georce V. Lawrence, JLyneh,. McUormioK,
McCu^lourh!*Mnngen. Poland Polslcy Sawyer.
Selye, Shellabarger, Starkweather, Tha(Weus Ste-
vens, Stewart, Taffe, rThomw, jurt Vaa Horp, and
William B. Washburn—39.
• So the House refused to lay the- resolution
pn the ^able.
The questiwi reevfred, upon laying on the
table the motion to reconsider the vote Dy which
the m^ia question was ordered; sad being put,
said motion was laid on the table. •
The.question recurred upon agreeing to the
