1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
359
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Golladay.
Ho. op Reps.
what a Ulopia is Tennessee. I almost con-
clude that when Moore wrote his charming
work lie was imbued with the spirit of pro-
phecy and had Tennessee in his mind, with
Governor Brownlow as her ruler and the hon-
orable gentleman as her .Representative and
vindicator.
iiight well has the work been done; for, to
use the gentleman's language and examine
" the charges negatively," lean safely assert
that he holds the affirmative of his proposi-
tions, though " no complaint" had been made
of the non-existence of that beatific condition
of things which he would have us believe exists
in Tennessee.
I make " the complaint" now. I do it with-
out fear of successful contradiction, and I select
this particular time to do it in view of the fact
that, as other similar State governments are
about to be forced upon an unwilling people,
we may expect them to fail as signally in secur-
ing and maintaining those great ends for which
people ordain and establish particular forms
of government, to which they give their alle-
giance and yield their support, as that of Ten-
nessee has done.
i do complain that the State government of
Tennessee represented now on this floor is not
republican inform; that it does not subserve
the ends of good government; that it is one
of force, not of consent; one of injustice and
wrong, not of justice and right; one of war,
not of peace; and as par excellence just such
a government as Daniel Webster called "a
military republic"—a government formed on
mock elections and supported daily by the
sword. Social and civil rights of thousands of
her citizens are daily violated. No adequate
protection for life, liberty, person, reputation,
property, or business lias any existence in
many parts of the State. Crime and outrages
are constantly being committed, for which no
punishment is inflicted and uo pioper redress
attainable.
The laws are unjust and unfairly adminis-
tered. Founded upou a departure from the
great rule of right and impartial justice, this
government has been an outrage and a reproach
to the American system from its conception to
the present hour; not the creation of peace,
careful thought, calm deliberation, mutual con-
ciliations, and nice adjustment of its parts to
the wants of a suffering population, and inter-
ests the most conflicting ; but it sprang from
the very loins of war, and was cradled in the
hour of passion, prejudice, and oppression.
Put suddenly in operation over a territory still
vibrating from the tread of mighty armies;
still white with the ghastly skeletons and yet
red with the blood of slaughtered men, and
inhabited by a people torn with civil dissen-
sions, thousands of whom still wear the ragged
uniform of opposing belligerent hosts; thou-
sands of whom were wandering amid the ruins
of once happy habitations, and the dead but
happy memories ot a glorious past, while thou-
sands ol others wept in agony for the loss of
dear depaited ones, many of whom, scattered
over halt a continent, as they were by the fatality
of war, filled unknown and unhonored graves ;
with tlie accumulated wealth of long years of
toil swept away, their labor system totally
destroyed, and in their midst a once servile
ami docile race now drunk on the sweets of its
first taste of liberty; perfect results were not
to be expected out of such chaotic condition
of things; but for God's sake insult not the
memory of our forefathers by calling such a
governmental fabric as the Radical loom sent
to market from Tennessee republican! Let
us look into its history.
Supplied with the luxury of a military gov-
ernor during the war, or, at least, the greater
portion of it, with all the spirit, if not the very
forms of civil government overthrown and
uprooted by the presence of contending armies,
and the absolute supremacy of military power
over the soil, the property, the business* and
the inhabitants of the State, the war left Ten-
nessee in a very singular and anomalous- con-
dition, regarding not alone her relations to the
other States of the Union, but herform of gov-
ernment, or rather its want of form, as appli-
cable to her own population. During its pro-
gress the presidential election of 1864 occurred.
Preceding that election an electoral ticket favor-
ing the claims of McClellan and Pendleton was
put in the field.
President Johnson, then military governor
of Tennessee, issued a proclamation govern-
ing said election, and prescribing conditions
then unknown to the constitution and laws of
the State. Among others, all voters were
required to take the following oath :
" I solemnly swear that I will henceforth support
the Constitution of the United States and defend it
against the assaults of ai! enemies; th.it X am an
active friend of the Government of the United States,
and the enemy of the so-called confederate States;
that I ardently desire the suppression of the present
rebellion against the Government of the United
States; that I sincerelyrejoice in the triumph of the
armies of tho United States, and in the defeat and
overthrow of the armies and navies and all armed
combinations in tho interest of the so-called confed-
erate States; that I will cordially oppose all armis-
tices or negotiations for pcace with rebels in arms,
until the Constitution of the United States and all
laws and proclamations made in pursuance thereof
shall bo established overall thepeople of every State
and Territory embraced within the national Union,
and that I will heartily aid and assist the loyal peo-
ple in whatever measures may bo adopted for the
attainment of these ends; and further, that i take
this oath freely and voluntarily and without mental
reservation, so help me God."
This attempt of Governor Johnson to con-
trol the elective franchise in the State in a
manner different from that prescribed in the
constitution was met by a very earnest protest
from the McClellan electoral ticketin the State,
which was delivered to Mr. Lincoln by Mr.
John Lellyett, of Nashville, on the loth day
of October, 1865. The protestants, among
others, made this strong declaration :
" We solemnly pro test against these infringements
of our law, conflicting as they do with the very letter
of the Federal Constitution, because they are without
authoiity, and because they will prevent a free, fair,
and true expression of the will of the loyal people of
Tennessee.
"The military governor expressly assumes, by
virtue of authority derived from tho President, so
to alter and amend the election law of Tennessee,
eno.cted under authority of the Constitution of the
United States as above set forth, as to make the
same conform to his own edict in the proclamation
aforesaid. He assumes so to modify our law as to
admit persons to vote at said eiection who are not
entitled to vote under the law and constitution of
Tennessee."
To this protest against the action of Gov-
ernor Johnson Mr. Lincoln replied verbally,
on the 15th of October, 1804, to Mr. Lellyett:
" I expect to let the friends of George B. McClellan
manage their side of this contest in their own way,
and I will manage my side of it in my way."
He replied further in writing, addressed to
the protestants, under date of October 22, 1864,
and therein, among other matter, after declin-
ing to interfere with Governor Johnson's pro-
ceedings, he said;
" I presume that the conducting of a presidential
election in Tennessee in strict accordance with the
old code of the State is not now a possibility."
To this the protestants, under date "of Octo-
ber 28, 1804, replied:
"There will bono election for President in Ten-
nessee in 1861. You and Governor Johnson may
' manago your side of it in your own way,' but it will
be no election; and further, that "in view of these
things we announce that the McClellan electoral
ticket in Tennessee is withdrawn.' "
My friend says there is " no complaint,"
&c. What is this? This ended the last attempt
made by the patriotic men of Tennessee to hold
any election under their old constitution. Men
who had the power which military success
always confers treated this constitution, under
which the people had lived and prospered for
so many years, with contempt, regarding it as
practically abolished by the results and conse-
quences of the war; and soon after steps were
taken to establish what was called a new con-
stitution in its stead. A convention of Union-
ists met in Nashville, January 10. 18C5, and i
adopted a series of resolutions, upon which
Governor Brownlow was nominated, and on
March 4 the form of choosing a Governor,
Legislature, &c., was gone through with, sol-
diers voting therefor in hospitals and camps.
But a small portion of the population took part,
or were allowed to take part, in this election;
and the form of inaugurating a State govern-
menthaving been gone through with, it was soon
recognized as legal by President Johnson, and
some time after by Congress.
President Johnson, in his proclamation of
June 13, 1865, said:
" And whereas I am satisfactorily informed that
dangerous combinations against tho laws of the Uni-
ted States no longer exist within the State of Ten-
nessee; that the insurrection heretofore existing
within said State has been suppressed; that within
the boundaries thereof the authority of the United
States is undisputed ; and that such officers of the
United States as have been duly commissioned are
in the undisputed exercise of their official functions
also; and I hereby proclaim and declare that the
insurrection, so far as it relates to and within tho
State of Tennessee, and the inhabitants of the said
State of Tennessee as reorganized and constituted
under their recently adopted constitution and reor-
ganization, and accepted by them, is suppressed."
On March 4, 1865, under the organization
effected by Andrew Johnson, William G. Brown-
low was chosen Governor by a vote of 23,388.
At the same time a so-called Legislature was
chosen by about the same vote. An examina-
tion of this vote will show how small a portion
of the people of Tennessee were permitted to
take part in forming this so-called State gov-
ernment, or admitted the right of others to do
so, upon the ruins of their old constitution.
In the presidential election of 1860 Mr. Bell
received 69,274 votes against 64,709 cast for
Mr. Breckinridge and ll,350for Mr. Douglas,
making a total State vote of 145,333.
Not live years after Mr. Brownlow is made
Governor by less than one sixth of this vote,
and the fact that he had no regular opposition,
and that only thirty-seven scattering votes were
cast against him, show how thoroughly and well
the work of the bayonet was performed.
This was the veriest farce of an expression
of the popular will of the people of a great
State which up to that time had disgraced our
country.
The frail structure thus propped up by the
bayonets and erected on the soil of Tennessee,
took upon itself all the power and legislation
of the State.
On the 5th June, 1865, the so-called Legisla- .
ture passed what is known as their franchise
act. A more outrageous, vindictive, anti-re-
publican measure was never attempted before
under the Constitution of the United States,
and I might say in no democratic government
under the sun. By this atrocious measure
more than half of the white men of the State
were deprived of the right of suffrage, among
whom were a greater part of those who were
most interested in the State by reason of their
ownership in the real and personal property
thereof, and most of those who by their talents
and accomplishments in the walks of science
and literature had done honor to their State
in the pulpit, the rostrum, and the forum. At
one fell swoop the highest privilege of political
manhood was swept away, and the State
deprived of the services of thousands of brave,
intelligent, and patriotic men, who would die
to-day that glorious oldTennessee mightagain
live an honored equal among the sisterhood
of States.
To say nothing of its illegality and gross
injustice, one sad effect produced by this meas-
ure upon the prosperity of the State was that
it prevents men learned in the art of legislation
from taking part in the action of any Legisla-
ture. It prevents able jurists skilled in the
laws from serving on the bench and giving that
interpretation to law which if sanctioned by
illustrious precedent, the progress of time and
the usages of our country. One may say these
men were rebels. Kebels to what? lo tne
United States, perhaps, which rebellion had
