1868.
'Me congressional globe.
1S59
Greathouse and Samuel Kelly, aslted for a
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and that
Messrs. Van Winkle, Ramsey, and Conness
had been appointed managers on the part of
the Senate.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles>
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 426) for the relief of Thomas
Crossley;
An act (S. No. 282) granting a pension to
Annie E. Dixon;
An act (S. No. 291) granting a pension to
Ann Kelly, widow of Bernard Kelly;
An act (S. No. 292) granting a pension to
Maria Raftery;
^ An act (S. No. 314) for the relief of George
T. Brien;
An act (S. No. 316) for the relief of Rebecca
V. Senor, mother of James H. Senor, deceased;
An act (S. No. 315) granting a pension to
Mafquis D. S. Mitchell, of the Creek nation
of Indians;
An act (S. No. 323) granting a pension to
Michael Kelly;
An act (S. No. 317) granting an increase of
pension to Sylvanus Blodgett, of Jericho,
Chittenden county, Verment;
An act (S. No. 338) for the relief of William
Blake, a' soldier of the war of 1812 ;
An act (S. No. 339) granting a pension to
Sarah Webb, widow of William R. Webb, and
her minor child;
An act (S. No. 341) granting a pension to
John W. Salyers, a soldier of the war of 1812;
An act (S. No. 342) granting a pension to
Thomas Stewart;
An act (S. No. 343) for the relief of W. G.
Cummings;
An act (S. No. 344) granting a pension to
Caroline and Margaret Swartwout;
An act (8. No. 333) for the relief of Julia
M. Molin;
An act (S. No. 359) granting a pension to
Louisa Pitch, widow of E. P. Fitch, deceased ;
An act (S. No, 332) granting a pension to
John W. Harris;
An act (S. No. 281) granting a pension to
Anne Dycher, widow of Nathan D. Dycher;
An act (S. No. 184) granting a pension to
Mrs. Ann Corcoran;
An act (S. No. 280) granting a pension to
Michael Hennessey, of Platte county, Mis-
souri ;
An act (S. No. 319) granting a pension to
Bridget W. McGrorty and the minor children
of William B. McGrorty, deceased;
An act (S. No. 320) for the relief of George
Lynch, a soldier of the war of 1812;
An act (S. No. 321) for the relief of Mrs.
Mary Gaither, widow- of Wiley Gaither, de-
ceased ;
An act (S. No. 322) granting a pension to
Sherman H. Cowles;
An act (S. No. 318) for the relief of Char-
lotte Posey, widow of Sebastian R. Posey ;
An act (S. No. 340) for the relief of Thomas
Chittenden ;
An act (S. No. 381) granting a pension to
Edward Hansel, minor child of Edward Han-
sel, deceased;
An act (S. No. 382) granting an increase of
pension to Obadiah T. Plum ;
An act (S. No. 383) granting a pension to
John A. Weed and Elizabeth J. Weed, minor
children of Robert T. Weed, deceased; .
An act (S. No. 419) granting a pension to
Mary Atkinson; and
An act (S. No. 420) granting a pension to
James A. Guthrie.
A subsequent message from the Senate, by
Mr. Foknet, announced that that body had
concurred in the report of the committee of
conference on Senate bill No. 308, for the re-
lief of the heirs of the late Duncan L. Clinch,
deceased.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 425) granting a pension to
George Bennett;
An act (S. No. 424) granting a pension to
Bartlett and Carrie Edwards, children of David
W. Edwards, deceased;
An act (S. No. 423) granting a pension to
James Jackson;
An act (S. No. 422) granting a pension to
Maria Schweitzer and the minor children of
Conrad Schweitzer, deceased;
An act (S. No. 421) granting a pension to
Caroline E. Thomas ; and
An act (S. No. 427) for the relief of the
widow and children of John W. Jamison, de-
ceased.
railing of old hall.
All the committees having been called,
Mr. COBB said: I have a resolution here
which I wish to offer upon the call for reports
of the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
The SPEAKER. That committee having
been passed, the resolution can only be re-
ceived by unanimous consent.
Mr. COBB. 1 do not offer it as a report, but
it is business which I wish to present in behalf
of the committee. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
. Resolved, That the Speaker be directed to author-
ize the architect of the Capitol to sell at public auc-
tion theiron railing taken from the old Hall of Rep-
resentatives, and that the moneys thus realized bo
applied to the casual repairs of the central portion of
the Capitol.
Mr. MAYNARD. I must object to that res-
olution again.
committee on mikes and mining.
The SPEAKER. By the unanimous order
of the House the Committee on Mines and
Mining were to be called at the close of this
call.
Mr. DRIGGS. In the absence of the chair-
man of the Committee on Mines and Mining,
I will state, as a member of that committee,
that we are not yet ready to report any busi-
ness to the House.
The SPEAKER. Then the committee will
be called again in its regular order.
enrolled bill and resolution signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
Committee had examined and found truly en-
rolled a bill (S. No. 376) to facilitate the settle-
ment of paymasters' accounts, and joint reso-
lution (S. li. No. 117) to authorize the erection
of a military storehouse at Fort Monroe, Vir-
ginia ; when the Speaker signed the same.
securities of national banks.
The SPEAKER. The next business in
order during the morning hour is the consid-
eration of a resolution offered on the 10th of
December last by the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Pile,] and which was laid over
under the rule. The Clerk will report it.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo
directed to report to the House -whether, since the
1st day of July last past, any national banks have
changed their securities held in th<i Treasury to se-
cure theircirculation and Government deposits ; and,
if so, what banks have so changed their securities,
what changes have been made, the date, amount,
and kinds of such changes specifically; and that he
be required to makenoiurtherehangesin thelunded
securities of the United States by payment or other-
wise, except of interest, until further order or legis-
lation of Congress thereon.
Mr. PILE. I will yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sciiexck,]
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask leave to take from
the Speaker's table Senate bill No. 213, to
amend the judiciary act. It came from the
Finance Committee of the Senate, and I de-
sire the House to pass it now.
The SPEAKER. That would require unani-
mous consent, as the morning hour has not yet
expired.
Mr. SCHENCK. There can be no possible
objection to it.
Mr. ROSS. If the resolution of the gentle-
man from Missouri can b6 passed first I shall
have no objection.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from Mis-
souri has yielded the floor to me.
Mr. ROSS. I must object. Let us pass the
resolution first.
Mr. PILE. I demand the previous question
on the resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. This
is a very important resolution, and it onghtnot
to pass.
The question was put on agreeing to thp
resolution; and there were—ayes 40, noes 22;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pile and
Washburn, of Massachusetts, were appointed.
Mr. PILE. If I can have unanimous con-
sent I will modify the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution cannot be
modified, and no business can be done while
the House is without a quorum. The question
is on agreeing to the resolution.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes thirty, noes not counted.
So the resolution was rejected.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now ask unanimous
consent to take from the Speaker's table the
bill to which I referred a few moments since.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a privileged
question. 1 move to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution of the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Pile] was rejected, with a view
to having the resolution modified.
Mr. PILE. I intended to make that motion
myself.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
will be entered.
powers of supreme court.
The SPEAKER. The bill referred to by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,]
Senate bill No. 213, to amend an act entitled
"An act to amend the judiciary act, passed tho
24th of September, 1789," will now.be read,
after which the Chair will ask for objections to
its consideration at the present time.
The bill was read at length. It provides
that final judgment in any of the circuit courts
of the United States in any civil case against
a collector or other officer of the revenue, for
any act done by him in the performance of his
official duty, or for the recovery of any money
accepted by, or paid to him, which shall liave
been paid into the Treasury of the United
States may, at the instance of either party, be
reexamined and reversed or affirmed in the
Supreme Court of the United States upon writ
of error without regard to the sum or value in
controversy in such action.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to make a word
or two of explanation, which I think will be
perfectly satisfactory. As the law now stands,
these appeals or writs of error can be taken in
any case where one of the officers of customs
is concerned. But by some inadvertence of
the law-making power, that cannot be done in
the case of an internal revenue officer. This
bill proposes to put those officers on the same
footing in that respect; that is all there is in
it. I hope there will be no objection to its
consideration at this time.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, objected,
but subsequently withdrew his objection.
No further objection being made, the bill
was taken from the Speaker's table, and read a
first and second time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suppose I need not
repeat the explanation of this bill which I
made a few minutes since. The whole effect
of it is to place officers of internal revenue upon
the same footing with officers of customs.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Will the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] yield to me to
offer an amendment to this bill?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will hear the amend
meat,
