360
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June lo,
Ho. op Beps.
Reconstruction—Mr. GoUaday.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
already been suppressed by the force of arms;
but not to the State of Tennessee or to her
constitution. Again, the fact was illegally
assumed that 23,852 men choose certain of
their number to meet together and declare four
times their number to be rebels and not fit to
vote, and they provide the machinery for pry-
ing into the conscience of men and getting at
this fact by a system of checks and oaths which
would have done honor to the inventive genius
of a Spanish inquisition. This act violated the
great fundamental principle of " no taxation
without representation," and exposed the prop-
erty owners of the State to a system of taxa-
tion most onerous and oppressive. Since this
pretended government was established in 1865
the taxation has been regulated in the main by
men who owned no great interest in the prop
erty of the State, and the taxes are collected of
those who have no voice in their assessment,
but it is alleged without contradiction within
my knowledge that the legislators thus assess-
ing pretend to represent counties in some in-
stances where they did not live, and with less
than one hundred votes in some cases.
_ Such a system is perfectly appalling in the
disastrous consequences it has entailed upon
the prosperity, the resources, aud the business
of Tennessee. Such legislators chosen under
the bayonet, and many of them adventurers
from other States, care very little what hap-
pens in Tennessee so it does not happen to
them ; and having nothing to pay tax on, and
even less to pay it with, the amount or equity
of a tax never occurs to them. One object m
passing this act was that the men who, without
any regard to the former constitution of Ten-
nessee, held the election for Governor and
Legislature on the 4th of March, 1865, might
perpetuate their power. They knew they rep-
resented a mere faction in the State, and that
they mustdisfranchise somebody in order to do
it. Hence all were excluded who could not
comply with the tests prqvided'in this act of
Ju ne 5, a very singular feature of which appears
in section six thereof, which gives the right of
franchise to "every white man who voted in
this State at the piesidential election in Novem-
ber, 1804, or voted on the 22d of February,
1865, or who voted on the 4th of .March, 1805,
in this State."
This means simply that all who submitted
to the bayonet election of those dates, and gave
. their approval to them by their votes, had
purchased thereby the privilege of coming to
the polls without the risk of being impaled on
the end of a musket. After getting ready lor
the next election by the passage of this act, it
was thought necessary to make success more
certain that Governor Brownlow should issue
bis " address" to the people, and the power of
the bayonet was again brought into requisition
as will be seen by reference to said "address"
and the dispatch of President Johnson sent to
Governor Brownlow from Washington city
under date of July 20, 1865, from which I
quote :
" Ihope, and have no doubt you will sec, that the
recent amendments to the constitution of the State,
as adopted by the people, and all laws passed by
tne last Legislature in pursuance thereof, are faith-
fully and iairly executed, and that all illegal votes
in toe approaching election be excluded from the
polls, and the election for members of Congress be
legally and fairly conducted. When and wherever
it becomes necessary to employ force for the execu-
tion of the laws and the protection of the ballot-box
from violence and fraud, you are authorized to call
upcm Major (general lhomas for sufficient force to
su?. 5!.n ,le 0lY>l authories of the State.
., lhe law must be executed and the civil author-
ity sustained. In your efforts to do this, if necessary,
fbrce -Thomas will afford a sufficient military
With this promise of national aid by national
soldiers to sustain their form of government
and the franchise act, the farce of an election
was again gone through with, and members of
Congress were chosen, but a small portion of
the citizens being permitted to vote. This form
of government continued its operation, and the
franchise act was amended by the so-called
Legislature in May, 1866, providing, among
other things, that its restrictions and disqualifi-
cations should not apply—
"To those who have been appointed to any civil
or military oflice by Andrew Johnson, military gov-
ernor. or YviiliamGL Brownlow, Governor of Tennes-
see, all of whom are hereby declared to be qualified
voters upon their complying with the requirements
of this act."—Subdivision 3, section 3.
Now appears a new element for the perpet-
uation of power and a new piece of party ma-
chinery to aid in securing the party power and
enable a minority of the citizens of Tennessee
to govern the majority as powerfully and as
abjectly as the serfs of the feudal ages or the
slaves of the South were ever governed. Sec-
tion two of this amended franchise act pro-
vides—
"That the Governorof the State shall, within sixty
days after the passage of this act, appoint a commis-
sioner of registration for each and every county in
the btate, who shall without delay enter upon the
discharge of his duties, and who shall have full
power to administer the necessary oaths provided by
this act."
A thought will convince any one of the work-
ings of this section when he reflects that each
commissioner of registration was an appointee
of Governor Brownlow, and that liis position,
as well as that of the Governor, depended on
the exclusion of a sufficient number of voters
to enable the adherents of the new govern-
ment to carry and contiol every election. Men
ot the most bigoted and partisan views were
chosen, often of the most reckless and ignorant
character, who sat in solemn judgment on the
acts and opinions of men whose every thought,
even if mistaken in their views, had been for
the good of Tennessee. Notwithstanding this
enginery of oppression and outrage, it is known
that ill sundry instances, when the results did
not meet the expectations of Governor Brown-
low and friends, he very deliberately wiped
them entirely out by rejecting them entirely,
or beginning again, as he was authorized by a
law passed by this despotic Legislature ou
February 26, 1808.
This act was followed by the passage of
anotheronthe 18th of May following whichdis-
qualitied certain persons therein specified from
holding any oflice, civil or military, and ex-
cluded them from all offices, State, county, or
municipal. An effort was first made to secure
representation for this government in this
House in a formal way when Mr. Bixgiiam,
on the 5th of March, I860, made liis report to
that effect from the select joint Committee ou
lleconstruction, to which the matter had been
referred.
Ill tracing the history of this matter I have
clearly shown that this government, thus estab-
lished over the State of Tennessee, was the off-
spring of military power, and could not have
existed without constant appeals to its aid even
for a day; that it was framed by a small
minority of the people without any regard to
the wishes of the large majority. They were
denied any expression of their opinions. This
extraordinary and anomalous condition was
alone sustained by the aid and comfort afforded
by Federal authority claimed to be founded on
Mr. Lincoln's policy and upon the theory that
the State was obliterated, her constitution
destroyed, her form of government at an end,
and that the few loyal people of the State,
backed by the whole military power of the
nation, had the right to make this a despotic
oligarchy by wipingoutall old republican forms
of government.
The rebellion either succeeded or it did not.
I take it that all of the acts attending its con-
duct, except the actual material changes from
life to death, and the destruction of perishable
property, and change of its tenure by military
force, were null and void. If so, what becomes
of the constitution of Tennessee as it existed
when the rebellion broke out? The rebels most
certainly failed to destroy it, or to make a new
one; and I submit to every thinkiug man on
this floor if, during the progress of this unfor-
tunate war, it was not authoritatively declared
time and again that if the rebellion failed the
State government would remain in its condition
"ante bettum." In support of this assertion I
quote from a speech delivered on this floor
May 23, 1862, by the honorable gentleman
himself, [Mr. Maynard.] He said:
"So far as there is a discrepancy in the statement
of the tacts it is needless to say on which side the
truth lies, and as to the two philosophies no sane
man can doubt which will be accepted by nine tenths
of the American people. The death ot States and
the crushing out of institutions was not the purpose
lor which they entered upon the war. They intended
the life of States and the preservation of institutions.
Such has been, is, and, I venture to affirm will be
the policy of the President and nis administration.
It was this high conserving sentiment that led him
to unclothe ot his senatorial robes the great tribune
of the people—Andrew Johnson—and intrust to his
hands the labor of reinstating this great Common-
wealth, in whose councils he had been so long con-
spicuous. He was sent not to destroy but to save,
not to create new relations, but to restore and pre-
serve the old.
" The State was not dead; its government was not
destroyed; merely its functions for a time usurped
and its action perverted; its relations to tho Federal
systeoi suspended by violence. When the violence is
overcome and the usurpation is subdued the former
relations become active and the functions of the
Government legitimate. The State exists as before.
It has not been conquered ; it has been rescued. It
has not been subjugated; it lias been disenthralled.
In times like these woids are tilings and should bo
very carefully handled. In accordance witti this
theory has been the conduct both of tho President
and Governor Johnson. They do not believe a popu-
lar convention necessary to reorganize the commu-
nity into a body-politic. They do not require new
laws to authorize elections. They recognize the law
anterior to the usurpation as still in force, and arc
providing for their execution. Justice, public and
private, is administered in the Federal, State, and
municipal tribunals; popular elections are held, and
as fast as the State is delivered from the power of
hostile troops the ballot-box resumes its sway
And much more of the same.
Who dare to challenge my witness? Verily
"times change, and men with them." If my
honorable friend was right then he is wrong
now. If Mr. Lincoln and Mr. Johnson, with
whom he so well agreed, were right in 1862,
wiiy is it wrong in 1868? Who has changed,
Mr. Johnson or my friend? Let the record
speak. The honorable gentleman came here
in 1866 and again in 1868 as a Representative
of Tennessee, not as she was, as shown by him
in 1862, but as she is,with a government found-
ed upon the overthrow of his theory then when,
to^ quote his own expression, " Words were
things, and required to be carefully handled."
.No amount of special pleading can reconcile,
no sophism of the human mind can dress his
theory then and now with the slightest sem-
blance of similarity.
If my friend had only adhered to his theory
then it might have deprived the people of
Tennessee of his learning and experience now,
yet he would be consoled by the knowledge
that he was consistent with himself and with
Mr. Lincoln,who died in the faith of that theory,
to say nothing of Mr. Johnson,who yet clings
to it as the sheet anchor of constitutional
right, and also with one of the greatest cap-
tains of the war, (General Sherman,) who in
1865 recognized and adopted it in his famous
negotiations with General Johnson, and, by
so doing, manifested more real statesmanship
even than soldiership, great and deserved as is
his reputation.
If this had been carried out in good faith, as
so eloquently portrayed by the gentleman, \«e
would to-day be in the enjoyment of a restored
Union, in truth and in fact, instead of wide-
spread discontent, dissatisfaction, and poverty
that exists in eleven States, with the people
pressed and bowed down and overawed bv a
standing army, many of whose officers and sub-
alterns, in violation of the Constitution and of
every principle ot civil liberty, are attempting
to fill both civil and military positions, and at
the arbitrary appointment of military com-
manders are filling State and municipal offices
that under law are entirely elective. At the
time this despotic and anti-republican State
government of Tennessee first sought repre-
sentation on this floor it is certain that polit-
