1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
361
40th Gong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Golladay.
Ho. of Reps.
ical and not legal or constitutional consid-
erations secured tiie representation and an
acknowledgment by the law-making power of
the nation. If time would permit, I would
quote from the debates in this House to show
the opinions of such distinguished men as Gov-
ernor Boutweli, and others to show the out-
rage; but I pass on.
The so-called Legislature afterwards, in Feb-
ruary, passed a bill striking the word white
from the franchise law, thus establishing negro
suffrage in the State. About the same time a
law also passed containing this provision :
"Thatin all State, district, county, and all other
elections such aliens as have resided more than one
year m the United States and more than six months
in the State of Tennessee shall have the right of the
elective franchise, provided that such persons shall
have previously declared their intention to become
citizens of the United States and tbat they shall not
have participated in the late rebellion."
This is another of the important laws the
gentleman talks about. The ignorant black,
who knows not his alphabet nor ever heard
of a written constitution, can vote. The
foreigner, who knows nothing of our lan-
guage or form of government, but with the
despotic ideas or servile vassalage of the Old
World, can vote. The negro and the alien,
neither of whom can read or write, walk hand
in hand to the ballui-box and exercise every
political manhood privilege; the ballot for
which our race and nation have struggled for
more than a thousand years, for which they
have reddened the page of history with the
details of more than a thousand bloody cou-
flicts in their efforts for libeity and equality,
while the right is denied to more than half of
men who have been citizens of the State and
who possess four fifths of the wealth and have
nine tenths of the intellect and education of
the State. In other words, one hundred thou-
sand whites disfranchised by the most reliable
estimates and controlled by the negro and a
small minority white vote. If these are the
gentleman's ideas of "laws impaitially admin-
istered," God forbid that he should legislate
or sit in judgment upon me and mine.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have shown you the
history of this Government, and I submit if I
am not justified in my opinion as expressed,
that the members from the State of Tennessee
do not represent, and therefore cannot express,
the voice of the people of Tennessee. To-day
there are more white men disfranchised in that
State than in any three unreconstructed States
in the South. We have shown that we got the
State of Tennessee in the Union in 1866.
Now, of course, we have the paradise and
smiling Utopia that my distinguished friend has
pamted upon the political canvas in the speech
we have been reviewing.
Alas for human calculations! Let us exam-
ine the facts. In the fall of 1867, only last year,
a difficulty sprung up between George Brown-
low and the mayor of Nashville as to a muni-
cipal election provided for by law in the charter
oi the city of Nashville. Governor Brownlow
insisting upon onr construction and the mayor,
under the written opinion of the leading law-
yers of the Nashville bar, maintaining a dif-
ferent construction. Governor Brownlow sum-
moned his State militia, which he had scattered
all over the State, (asprovided for by the Legis-
lature under his recommendation,) to Nashville.
The mayor and citizens were armed and pre-
pared for a bloody resistance. Civil war within
the State government was threatened by these
oppressed citizens, and all they asked was for
the United States to stand aside and let them
settle it among themselves. Wiser counsels,
however, prevailed, and the President and Gen-
eral Grant were telegraphed to, and I append
their reply herewith, dated September 2i,
1867, ordering General George H. Thomas,
with national troops, to Nashville to keep the
peace:
"Washington, D. 0., September 21.
Your dispatch of this date has been received. The
following instructions have been sent by General
Grant to Major General Thomas, Lonisville Ken-
tucky.
The mayor, city attorney, and president of thecom-
mon council of Nashville express great fear of col-
lisions at the time of the charter election, twenty-
eighth, 1.28th..) Go to Nashville to-morrow, to remain
until after the election, to preseive peace. If you
think more troops necessary for that purpose, order
them there irom the most convenient point in your
command.
The military cannot set up to be the judges as to
whose set ot election judges have the right to con-
trol, but must confine their action to preventing or
putting down hostile mobs. It is hoped, however, by
seeing the Governor and city officials here referred
to your presence and advice may prevent disturb-
ance.
Please keep me advised of condition of affairs.
„ 4 ANDREW JOHNSON.
By the President: U. S. GRANT,
Secrelcuy of War ad interim.
lion. W. Matt. Brown, Mayor of Xsashville.
I also append, for the information of this
House, the correspondence between Major
General George H. Thomas and W. Matt.
Brown, the mayor, which speaks for itself, to
wit:
Headquarters Department Cumberland,
Nashville, Sejitember 28,1867.
I have the honor to invite yonr attention to tho
following extract from your correspondence, as
reported in the morning papers: "And General
George H. Thomas having notified ino officially,
m writing, that he would use tho military power of
the united States in sustaining the Governor ot
the State in iorcibly pi eventing a peaceable elec-
tion," &e.
Referring to my communication, you will find that
I did not so inform you. I did say that ** a proper
interpretation of General Grant's telegraphic orders
is to sustain the £>tato authorities in the execution
of their orders."
1 will further say that the troops under iuy com-
mand will not be used to prevent a peaceable elec-
tion. On the contrary, they will beused to preserve
peace. And, with that view, ttie troops are here to
preserve order, peace, and quiet at the polls.
Your obedient servant,
GEORGE H. T1I0MAS, U. S. A.,
Major General Commanding.
Hon. W. Matt. Brown, Mayor of Nashville.
Mayor's Office, Twp;lve O'clock,
Nashville, September 28,1807.
Sir : At the hour of ten o'clock a. in. of this day
I received your communication of this morning, m
which you quote these words from my communica-
tion to the public in to-day's paper: " And General
G.H.Thomas having notified ine officially in writing
that he would use the military power of the United
States in sustaining the Governor of the State in
forcibly preventing a peaceable election/' &c., and
add, " relerring to my communication you will find
thot I did not so inform you."
With deference, I cannot concede the correctness
of this last assertion. The Governorof the State had
issued a proclamation, in which he had distinctly
announced that he would use the militia placed
under his control by the last Legislature to execute
the franchise law in the pending municipal election,
and to prevent the holding ot the election by tho
judges appointed by the board of aldermen.
Subsequently, by au oider diiectcd to General
Joseph A. Cooper, commanding the State Guards, the
Governor directs him to bring immediately to Nash-
ville all the troops, infantry and cavalry " you can
command," to "enforce the franchise laws." Immedi-
ately upon receipt of this order General Cooper, by
published proclamation, "warns all parties to desist
from any attempt to hold any election in violation
of the franchise law." Thereupon 1, in my official
capacity, in order to prevent civil stnfebetween the
citizens of the State and the militia, applied to the
President of the U nited States, distinctly stating that
it was not the wish of the authorities of the city of
Nashville to prevent the judges appointed by the
commissioner of registration from holding an elec-
tion undor the charter as heretofore ; all questions
arising to be submitted to the legal decisions of the
courts. You, General, were thereupon sent here
with instructions such as we all thought would en-
able us peaceably to exercise our rights.
Afterward, upon some private telegrams from
yourself to General Grant, with the contents of
which we were not made acquainted, another dis-
patch was received from General Grant, which was
not so clear in its terms. Thereupon I addressed you
a communication as mayor, copying this last tele-
gram, suggesting the difficulty of construing it, and
asking you to " inform me explicitly whether you
deem it your duty under the order received by you
to uphold General Cooper and his militia in their
threatened attempt to prevent tho peaceful holding
of the election heretofore ordered by the corporate
authorities of Nashville." Youranswer was in these
words : M In reply to your inquiry, whether you (I)
deem it your (my) duty under tho order you (I) have
received to uphold General Cooper and his militia in
the threatened attempt to prevent the peaceful hold-
ing of the election heretofore ordered by the cor-
porate authorities of Nashville, I have to say that
the proper interpretation of General Grant's tele-
graphic order is to sustain the State authorities in
the execution of their orders."
Now, these orders were not merely to hold an elec-
tion under the franchise law, but to prevent any
other election; and the object of our communication,
expressed in the clearest and most unmistakable
terms, was to know whether you upheld them in
their threatened attempt to prevent the peaceful
holding of the election ordered by the corporate
authorities. And your answer is that your orders
are "to sustain the State authorities in the execu-
tion of their orders." We submit to your better
judgment whether your words admit of any other
interpretation than the one put upon them ; and if
we cannot rely upon your better judgment, we sub-
mit the same to the candid judgment of the public.
Instead of undertaking to keep the peace, wo under-
stood you as deciding that your orders left you no
discretion.
We cannot think, General, that you have resorted
to the language used for the purpose of misleading.
We must suppose that you meant what your words
plainly import. But, General, it is not yet too late to
rectify the error, if it be one. You may still permit
us to hold our election to-day. late as it is, or permit
us to hold the election at a future day.
The code of Tennessee provides, section thirteen
hundred and seventy-eight, that the iranchises of a
corporation shall not be forfeited or discontinued by
a failure to hold the election at the proper time, but
the same may be held at any time thereafter, by giv-
ing five days notice in the mode prescribed. If you,
General, desire to see equal justice done, you have
nothing to do but to notify us that you will see that
we are permitted to hold such an election, without
interference from the State militia, and we will at
once take steps for holding it. W e ask you distinctly
whether you will protect us in the exercise of this
right. The election (so called) which is now bcinsr
held is clearly illegal and void in the judgment of
the corporate authorities and the best lawyers in
Nashville.
We do not intend to recognize its validity. All
we ask of you, if we have misinterpreted your mean-
ing, is that you now permit us to hold an election
according to law. We think we have the right to
ask to this request a prompt and unequivocal an-
swer.
With great rcspcct, your obedient servant,
W. MATT. BROWN, Mayor.
Major General George H. Thomas, Commanding,
Hkadquarteks Department Cumberland,
Nashville, September 28, 1867.
Sir: In reply to your communication of this date,
received at two o'clock p. m., I have to state that 1
did not inform you officially in writing, as staled by
you in your communication to the public, published
in the papers this morning, that I would use the
military power of the United States in sustaining
the Governor of the State in forcibly preventing a
peaceable election, &c.; but I did state in that com-
munication that the proper interpretation of Gen-
eral Grant's telegraphic orders is to sustain the
State authorities in the execution of these orders.
GEORGE H. THOMAS, U. S. A.,
Major General Commanding.
Hon. W. Matt. Brown, Mayor, &e.
It is only necessary to add that the military
of the United States backed Brownlow's mili-
tia, and with bayonets, in violation of all law,
forced un election under the registration law;
preventing the running of a ticket of the peo-
ple even, and by the bayonet forced a new
mayor on the people of Nashville who had
hardly lived there long enough to be counted
a citizen, and by the military militia of Gov-
ernor Brownlow took forcible possession of
the office, ejecting the mayor, as will be seen,
by order of Brigadier General J. A. Cooper,
October 2, 1867, herewith appended.
Mr. Speaker, I might very safely rest my
case here, having established, in my judgment,
every proposition I made. I prefer, however,
to bring my proof down to April 21, 18G8, but
a few weeks ago. The next witnesses I intro-
duce, and for convenience I group them, are
the eight members of Congress on this floor
from Tennessee, and first among them is
my honorable friend, Mr. Mayxard, himself,
whose card, addressed to Governor Brownlow,
dated 21st April, 1868, I iind in the Chronicle
of this city, in which they advise him to again
organize at once the militia of the State to
keep the peace, and I herewith append that
interesting document as a pungent commen-
tary upon the Utopian dreams of my friend,
whose edifying speech we listened to last De-
cember. I also attach the comments of the
editor of the Chronicle, (as they are short,)
with the publication of this card :
and Order in Rebcldotn.—No better e\ idence
could be given of the state of society in tho South,
even where, as in Tennessee, established government
exists, than the fact that the loyal Representatives
of that State have found.it necessary to urge the
Government to call the militia into active service, as
