1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, rose, and was recog-
nized by the Speaker.
Mr. ROBINSON. It has been announced
from the Chair that the resolution which has
been passed will prevent all dilatory motions.
Do I understand the Speaker to decide that the
resolution which has been passed alters our
rules without notice having been given ?
The SPEAKER. The rules were suspended.
Mr. ROBINSON. Are the rules of debate
suspended?
The SPEAKER. Not the rules of debate,
but all that interferes with the operation of
this resolution. This question was decided in
the last Congress on an appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair by a vote of 151 toM, embrac-
ing gentlemen of all parties, that the suspen-
sion of the rules of the House suspends every-
thing which stands in the way of the specific
action stated in the resolution. This debate
is to continue, as the Chair understands, till
sometime after Wednesday next, when it shall
close, and the vote be then taken without dila-
tory motion.
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise to take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair on that point.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has the
gentleman any right to take an appeal?
Mr. ROBINSON. I have not got through
with my parliamentary question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to
entertain the appeal.
Mr. ROBINSON. I did not get through
with my parliamentary question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has auswered
the parliamentary question, and the floor is in
the possession of the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. ROBINSON. I have not yielded the
floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman had not
the floor, bu| occupied it by the courtesy of
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. ROBINSON. Have I any right to put a
parliamentary question at any time?
The SPEAKER. Not now, unless the gen-
tleman from Iowa yields. ]
Mr. ROBINSON. I do not ask him to yield.
I am up to put a parliamentary question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has answered
it, and the gentleman proposed to take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair, which
the Chair has declined to entertain.
Mr. ROBINSON. I withdraw that and
make another point.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in [
possession of the floor.
Mr. ROBINSON, I have not taken my
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call the
gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from NewYorkthat he cannot con-
tinue this discussion, as the gentleman from
Iowa is entitled to the floor. The gentleman
rose, he said, to ask a parliamentary question.
The Chair is willing to answer any fair parlia-
mentary inquiry as to the effect of any decision
or action of the House when propounded bona
Jide. The Chair answered the gentleman, and
he then took an appeal, which the Chair declined j
to entertain. The gentleman had not the floor
to take an appeal even if the bill was before
the House. Does the gentleman from Iowa
yield for that purpose ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not.
Mr. ROBINSON. I do not ask him to yield
me the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must obey
the order of the Chair. He is not in order, and
must resume his seat.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had indefinitely postponed House joint
resolution No. 12, directing the Secretary of
War to furnish certain muster-rolls to the dif-
ferent States.
SUPREME court of the united states.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask unacumous
consent to report back from the Committee on
the Judiciary Senate bill No. 103, declaring
what shall constitute a quorum of the Supreme
Court, with an amendment.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to suspend
the rules.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. I wish to know by what authority this
bill is reported back at this time?
Mr. "V\ ILSON, of Iowa. By the authority
of the committee.
_Mr. ROSS. I rise to a question of order.
I intended, when the proposition of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] came before
the House, to move to lay it on the table. I
want to know whether that question has passed
from the consideration of the House?
The SPEAKER. The House, under a sus-
pension of the rules, by a vote of 114 to 44,
authorized the Committee on Reconstruction
to report a bill, which should be before the
House for debate until a certain time, at jvhich
time the House should proceed to vote on the
bill. The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bing-
j ham.] by consent of the House, granted under
; a suspension of the rules, reported this bill.
He afterward consented to let it go over and
to extend the time for debate, not limiting it
until Wednesday, but extending it at least till
Thursday, upon the suggestion of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Brooks.] That
was assented to by general consent. The bill,
therefore, is not before the House, because the
resolution which has been adopted provides
that the rules having been suspended the com-
mittee shall report the bill immediately, and
the House will on to-morrow proceed to its
consideration after the morning hour. That
certainly cuts off the motion to lay on the table
! at the present time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to propound an
inquiry to the chairman of the committee,
[Mr. Wilson", of Iowa.] He has stated that
: there has been a meeting of the committee
i upon this bill. I desire to know when that
j meeting was held?
| Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. This bill was
j acted on by the committee at its last regular
; meeting. The gentleman from Wisconsin
. [Mr. Eldbidge] was not present at that
; meeting.
! Mr. ELDRIDGE. I was informed that the
bill was referred to the committee this morning.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. No, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I was under a
misapprehension.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will state, with
the leave of the House, my purpose in connec-
tion with this bill. I do not intend to ask
action on it at the present time. I desire
that, after being reported, it shall be printed
with the amendment, and recommitted with
leave to the committee to report at any time.
If that should be agreed to I do not intend to
report the bill back again till possibly next
Monday, as the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Williams] desires to be heard on the
bill. As that gentleman first introduced this
proposition into this House, and as he has
been absent on account of feeble health, I
think it but fair that he should have an oppor-
tunity to be heard. I move to suspend the
rules in order that the bill as amended be
reported, printed, and recommitted, with
leave to report it back at any time.
Mr. HOLMAN. On that motion I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 72, nays 89, not voting 27 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Delos It. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Bingham, Blair,
Boutwell, Bromwell, Bueklstnd, Cary, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cullom,
Dawesi. Dixon, Dodge, Eggleston, Ela, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Garfield, Gravely, Oris wold, Hardin?, Higby,
Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, ChesterD. Hubbard, ttulburd,
Ingersoll. Jenckes, Judd, Kelsey, Ketcham, Kitchen,
William Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Mallory, Marvin,
McClurg, Moore, Moorhead, N eweomb, Nunji, Peters,
Pile, Poland, Price, Sawyer,Schenek, Smith, Stokes,
Taylor, Thomas. John Trimble. Twichell, Van Aer-
nam, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyok. Ward, Thomas
Williams, William Williams. James F. Wilson, John
T.wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Woodbridze—'72.
NA1S—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arnoll. Axtell, Bai-
ley, Banks, Barnes, Barnum, Boaman, Bcek, Benja-
min, Benton, Blaine, Brooks, Broomall, Burr. Cake,
Chanler,Coburn,Covode,Donnelly,Eldridge, Ferriss,
Ferry, Fox, Getz, Glossbrenncr, Golladay, Grover,
Haight, Hoi man, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter, Johnson,
Julian, Kelley. Kerr, Knott, Koontz, Laflin, Lincoln
Loughridge, Marshall, Maynard, McCarthy, McCor-
mick, Mercur, Miller, Morgan, Morreil, Morrissey,
Mullins.Mungen.Myors.Niblack, Nicholson,O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Pcrharn, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Prujn,
Randall, Raum, Robertson, Robinson, Ross, Shanks,
GUftiiAn vraD A Ikvnn 1? Clr.ifAw n 1 -
Sitgreaves, Spalding, Aaron F.Stevejis, Stone, Taber„
Lawrence S. Trimble, Trowbridge, Up: " ' "
en, Van Trump, Cadwalader C. Washl  
Washburne, Henry D, Washburn, Welker, Windom,
owbridge, Upson, Van Auk-
. Washburn, Elihu B.
and Woodward—S9.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Boyer, Butler,
Cook, Cornell, Driggs, Eckley, Fields, Finney, Hal-
sey, Hawkins, Jones, George V. Lawrence, Lynch,
McCullough, Phelps, Polsley, Scofield, Selye, Sheila-
barber, Starkweather, Tbaddeus Stevens, Stewart,
Taffe, Burt Van Horn, William B. Washburn, and
Wood—27.
So (two thifds rtot voting in favor thereof)
' the rules were not suspended,
j Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I suppose that the
i1 vote just taken is an indication on the part of
the House that it desires more speedy action
11 than I proposed.
Several Members. That is it.
i Mr. ROSS. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Io va [Mr. Wilson] has risen to the regular
order.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I therefore rise
for the purpose of moving to suspend the rules
in order that I may report Senate bill No. 163
at this time for immediate action.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, is not that
exactly the same proposition that we have
just voted upon?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the gentleman from Iowa has not com-
pleted his motion.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to suspend
the rules in order to authorize the Judiciary
Committee to report this bill for present con-
sideration, and that the consideration be pro-
ceeded with until the member reporting it
shall demand the previous question and close
the debate; after which the vote shall be taken
on the bill and pending amendments without
the interposition of any dilatory motion.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in several
particulars different from the one upon which
j the House has voted.
I Mr. HOLMAN. The motion, after all, in
both instances is simply to suspend the rules
to enable the committee to make a report.
The other propositions are merely incidental.
The SPEAKER. It varies in several sub-
stantia,! particulars.
Mr. BURR. Is this the same bill on which
we have voted?
The SPEAKER. It is the same.
Mr. BURR. I then demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I wish to state that
if the rules should be suspended I do not intend
to cut off debate or amendment. I propose to
leave the bill open for discussion and amend-
ment.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask the chairman of
the committee whether it would not be agree-
able to him and to the gentlemen on the other
side to postpone debate and action on this bill
at least for a day ortwo? Itisaveryimportant
proposition, and I should dislike very much to
have it taken up for immediate action.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The House has
just voted against a proposition of that kind ;
and furthermore, that order will be invalid in
consequence of the order made by the House
this morning with reference to the report of
the Committee on Reconstruction.
The SPEAKER. If this is made a special
order and it should antagonize with the other
special order, the latter, being made first, would
have priority.
Mr. MARSHALL. It could be made the
special order for Thursday nest without antag-
onizing.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The House has
