1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tion is correct, an honorable gentleman from
Kentucky nominated Frank Blair. I do not
wonder that my honorable friend loves the
platform. It is a platform wliose every line
and lineament is marked with repudiation. Is
it for that that the distinguished Senator hugs
it? It is a platform whose every line is a fraud
and almost every word a lie; a platform of
professions in which they do not believe, of
Lope to the head to be broken to the heart.
That is the platform on which my honorable
friend expects to ride into that happy haven
where ha is going to look with so much com-
placency, much as he describes Grant looking
upon the battle-field, upon the destruction of
the hosts of the Republican party. Perched
away up on that uncertain roost he is going to
have his vision satisfied by looking upou the
ruins of those below. In 1864 I read a speech
at quite a distance from here in which the hon-
orable Senator was fully as sanguine in expres-
sion at least as now, that in 1804 the Kepub-
lican party were to be demolished ; but the He-
publican party survived both the prediction of
the honorable Senator and the power of his
opposition.
Sir, to these saviours we are to look. These
are the men to whom in these troublous times
iny honorable friend from Kentucky and those
who act with him turn for protection. Who
are they? Men who are yet counting the
notches upon their swords that they wore gal-
lantly by their sides for four or five years in an
earnest, terrible struggle to overthrow this
country. They are the saviours now who are
going to uphold them! How are they going
to uphold them ? By overturning all that has
been done to build up the waste places they
made. When a man is sick he seeks a physi-
cian the most skillful he can find. When a
nation is troubled the people seek the friends
ot the nation to uphold it. They feel its pul-
sations. They want men loyal to the country,
lojal to our institutions. There is where I
look for help, for aid in this struggle. But my
honorable friend and the Democratic host with
which he is surrounded look to the rebels.
They will give you such protection as vultures
give to lambs. They will give you the protec-
tion that Forrest gave at Fort Pillow, and the
thousand bloody fields upon which we met.
What, sir, trust a man with a ballot to uphold
this country who has been for five years with
the bullet trying to overthrow it! It is an
insult to the intelligence of the world; and 1
assure the honorable Senator from Kentucky
the world will not swallow the hookas greedily
as lie has, nor hug a platform so full of dead
men's bones.
Sir, I am sick, my very soul is sick with this
struggle through which we have been passing.^
I thought we had reached the quiet haven of
repose. The couutry needs it, the world needs
it; and just as we get to the very goal in comes
this firebrand of distraction to say that they
are to wrest, and to wrest by force of arms, the
governments that we have given these States,
and it is done because we have provided that
black men may vote.
Mr. President, on earth or in heaven I would
rather be fount by the side of the blackest
mau in the country than with Forrest. How
will stand the account of the loyal black man
that has been led by the uucertain glimpses of
his vision to follow that flag which had here-
tofore only been a symbol of oppression to
him, and followed it faithfully to the end; how
will his account stand in the day of judgment
with the God that loves liberty and of whom
liberty was born, beside the man who did all
iu his power to tear down the fairest fabric
that liberty ever reared? and such is Forrest;
such is Wade Hampton; such is all the Demo-
cratic party in the southern States. _ There are
not enough men in the Democratic party in
the southern States who were not rebels to
count as "scattering;" and therefore I shall
not hereafter in what I have to say of them
draw any distinction.
I want this resolution introduced by the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont to guard against
the very catastrophe that the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky threatens us with. Sir, is
Congress to inquire, and who is to keep regis-
ter whether the votes cast for General Grant
are cast by colored men or white men ? Who
is going to see in the books when the ballot is
deposited, which class of man it was who de-
posited it? Are the honorable Senators and
his confreres going to have censors upon the
box? Are they going to stamp the ballot of
the white man and not stamp the ballot of the
black man ? If not, what does the honorable
Senator mean when he defiantly tells us that
no matter what Congress may do, the vote that
the white man casts will be the vote that is
counted. Sir, I repudiate all such nonsense
as that, as it appears to mo to be.
I have nothing against white men, sir. My
complexion is not far different from that of the
honorable Senator from Kentucky; but I never
was educated to think that a difference in the
hue of the skin made any particular difference
in manhood. Hannibal, whose history has
been the study of modern generals, was blacker
than any negro in Kentucky. He led his
armies to victory ; and modern generalship is
copied after his measures. I suppose the
honorable Senator, from his prejudice on that
score, would hardly accept the boon of liberty
itself if it was won by a skin darker than his
own.
But, sir, the honorable Senator has spoken
very confidently of what the Democracy are
going to do. 1 want to mention to the honor-
able Senator one or two things which the Re-
publicans have done that will stay done. We
have given the loyal men of the southern States
the ballot. Now, take it away, if you can, and
show us the process by which you will do it.
Let us see what you will do it with. They
have availed themselves of that ballot. They
have deposited it; they have put on the gar-
ment of citizenship, and I challenge the Democ-
racy to touch one thread of that garment. It
is stamped, it is sealed with the insignia of
freedom, and I charge you lay not your hands
upon it. Sir, it is the decree of a mighty peo-
ple as irrevocable as the decree of God, and
the honorable Senator may satisfy himself
on that point. And the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buckalew] lastnight
seemed to be waiting for the voice of the peo-
ple. Sir, you have had it twice; and the same
voice that emanated from heaven is echoed
back by man, Vox pupuli vox Dei. Touch
not that seal; it is the freeman's power. The
ballot is his shield. He has got it. I defy
you to take it from him. Attempt that and
bloodier scenes will be reenacted upon the
already fresh bloody fields. Sir, men fight for
freedom. They will not lay it down. They
have fought for freedom upon the battle-field ;
they won their quit-claim to liberty; they have
got it; and let not the Democratic party dream
of taking it away. And yet, sir, the honor-
able Senator, or those who act with him, find no
sort of awakening, enlivening sentiment from
this great fact, but the contrary.
Sir, there has not been a transaction on earth
since the crucifixion that thrilled the world
with such ecstatic joy as when the last shackle
of the slave was broken and fell at his feet.
Music never reached its perfeetion until they
sang the song of universal freedom; and if I
was at all accustomed to deal iu fancy I could
fancy now that I hear the angel chorus catch-
ing up the sound " Peace on earth and good
will to man ; the last slave is free ; liberty is
triumphant." But over this my Democratic
friends feel no jubilee. It is a source of mourn-
ing to them. Weep on, weep on; the seal is
set; the Democratic party will^ never again
have power in this nation until it changes its
principles, until it ceases to be oppressive and
learns to glory in freedom.
I am strengthened in this conviction by the
proceedings of the last Democratic conven-
tion. Whoever saw two such elements of
weakness combined? If there was any folly
in the Republican party, the wisdom of God
has come in. Who could have conceived that
two such men would have been born of that
Democratic convention. Blair, (to begin with
the last and most unimportant first,) who, as
restless as the spirit that fomented rebellion
in heaven, who acknowledges no discipline to
manorlaw, "alaw unto himself;" who throws
on defiantly to such patriots as Hampton and
Forrest that the only way to put these States
into their original status is for the President
to take the helm and drive this Senate out.
No wonder that it woke an echo in Wade
Hampton's bosom and in Forrest's and in
Hammond's; it was the old signal for rebel-
lion again. They were going to get a Blair to
lead them in that rebellion. The world knows
that the health of the gentleman they have
nominated for President is very precarious,
and he refused, as many times as Csesar did
the crown, to take it on account of his health.
Thejr have put forward this ticket in point of
physical strength like the hyena, the strength
in the hind legs to endure disease, its weak
man ahead to be shoved off as Lincoln was,
or in some other way, and then they will have
got not only old rebels, but a new one with the
whole machinery of government. It was well
planned, and-no wonder it awoke echoes of
ecstacy in Forrest's and Hampton's bosom
when they heard the name of Blair and his
letter; and that is the platform and that the
candidate that my friend from Kentucky loves
so well.
Sir, who is nominated for President? A
man that I have known all my life; and a gen-
tlemanly man he is undoubtedly, but no un-
sounder man, politically, walks than he. I
listened last night to a little running debate be-
tween my colleague and my honored friend from
Pennsylvania, in which the latter bore testi-
mony to the patriotism and fidelity of the then
Governor of New York. I took occasion to
reread last night the speech made by that dis-
tinguished gentleman on the 4th of July, 1863,
just ten days before the bloodiest riot in the
world. It was a terrible day, that 4th of July,
for the rebels; there came up a wail of woo
from the rebels at Vicksburg and at Gettys-
burg.
Mr. STEWART. Will my colleague allow
me to read a sentence of that speech?
"Remember this, that the bloody and treasonable
and revolutionary doctrine of public necessity can
be proclaimed by a mob as well as by a government.'
Mr. NYE. Yes; I remember that sentence
well. That was to this country a most import-
ant day. The cause for which my distinguished
friend from Kentucky is laboring so hard to-
day was in peril then. It was suffering from
the blows of cool, quiet Grant, who smoked
his cigar amid the confusion of the battle, as
my friend from Kentucky says, which may be
so. Abiding in that faith which patriotism
always bears within itself in the result, he
looked coolly, perhaps, upon the exciting mo-
ment, knowing that substantially peace was to
follow. On that day thirty and five thousand
Democrats laid down their arms within the
intrenchments of Vicksburg. On thatsame day
our noble soldiers gained a victory which par-
alyzed rebellion and gave freedom new life upon
the bloody fields of Gettysburg. There was a
great loss to the Democratic party; but true
to their instincts, as soon as paroled from
Vicksburg they took up their arms and stole
to other fields. < 
On that day, after a draft had been ordered
by the President of the United Statss to fill up
the ranks, the head of this ticket was address-
ing a Democratic meeting in a hail in the city
of New York, and he said that the law of
necessity was never to be invoked by a nation,
and said, not in the precise words, and they
are here, that the mob could invoke the law
of necessity as well as a nation. Sir, quick as
the lightening's flash and as electric in its
influence the mob did arise, caught up the
idea that had been slumbering, touched the
torch which ingulfed a city in blood, and fatal
were the consequences of that riot. I thiuk
eleven thousand—I am not quite certain as to
the number—troops had to bo taken from the
