2886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
Mr. SCHENCK. So I think it would. I
am perfectly convinced that my friend from
Illinois and others would not be making these
criticisms and objections, would not be finding
specters where they do not exist, if they were
to read the provisions of the bill in regard to
distilled spirits, where, in section after sec-
tion, line after line, we have thrown guards
and restrictions all around these things, so
that it seems to me next to impossible for
whisky to be moved a mile or an inch without
some security being given that the tax shall
be paid. And if finally Congress shall decide
that the tax must be paid at the still, and we
have no necessity for anything except store-
keepers at the distillery, then so be it; but still
we must have a provision for storekeepers
there. So far you will obviate the necessity
of nearly all of this section, so far as distilled
spirits are concerned, but you must still have
the provision apply if you mean to have any-
body in charge of this matter.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JUDD. I think the chairman of the
committee will do me the justice to say that I
have not made any such proposition, nor do I
intend to in any portion of this bill. I desire
to see a perfect revenue system. If some of
us happen to be less informed on this subject
than the chairman of the committee, who has
been engaged in perfecting the details of this
bill for four, five, six, or seven months, he
certainly ought to give us the information that
we seek. The gentleman talks about captious
objections. I do not regard this as such. He
speaks of the guards and checks and oaths with
which they have in subsequent sections sur-
rounded these officers. Why, Mr. Chairman,
a storekeeper's oath, according to the stories
we heax'd here at the beginning of the session,
is not as valuable as a dicer's oath. Whatdoes
an oath amount to or a bond with such men ?
The gentleman tries to break the force of these
objections by belittling the thing and asking
my colleague and myself to stand at the end
of the still-worm and measure the whisky out
by the gallon. Why, that is not necessary.
We can do it with a larger measure than a
gallon. We can have a vat or we can in some
form get at the capacity. We may not reach
the entire amount, but I tell you that it is safer,
in my opinion, to be defrauded on the ques-
tion of capacity than to take the risks of this
bonded warehouse system and the business of
transportation. It is safer to the Government
and you will get more money.
Now, it will not do for the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to say to us,
"Do not make these objections " when we are
in the pursuit of information. I believe that
a system can be adopted. I have not studied
the subject so as to mature one by which the
largest proportion of a proper tax can be col-
lected, especially if we can get a good class of
officials.
Why, sir, in other countries they not only tax
capacity but they require notice to be given of
when they intend to run a distillery. It is run
during the day time. Measurement is made
oi its capacity. It is run upon notice to the
Government officials. And they do collect in
other countries the largest proportion of the
revenue that they are entitled to from distilled
spirits. Why cannot we do it?
Mr. MULL1NS. They have not got Yan-
kees over there.
Mr. JUDD. The gentleman from Tennes-
see savs they have got no Yankees there. The
inventive genius of our people I recognize as
fully as anybody else, and I tell you, as I repeat
what I said before, that it is not possible for
this or any other Congress by oaths, by bonds,
by paper writing to prevent the genius of these
men who can make a dollar and a half per
gallon on whisky, cheating the Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. MYERS. I renew it. I had not ex-
pected to say anything at this time upon the
subject of this whisky tax, nor is there time in
the few moments allowed to do so properly.
But as my friend from Illinois [Mr. J tod] has
touched upon the point, I desire to say this
much, that this whole discussion shows, and
all the facts that have come to the knowledge
of the committee and the country in relation
to frauds in this particular of the whisky tax
show, that we have not got the right system.
Now, a committee was appointed by the last
Congress, of which I had the honor to be a
member, in reference to the frauds in relation
to this article, and they made a report. 1 have
spoken of this before in this House. After a
close examination of witnesses and of the mode
of manufacturing whisky in several forms, they
made a report to the effect that the proper
mode to collect the tax upon whisky was upon
the fermenting capacity of the distillery. It is
as plain and simple as the rule of three. It
does away with a vast number of officers
required under the existing law and proposed
to be required under this bill. It does away
with the bonded warehouse system. It assesses
the tax—and it clearly gets at the proper
assessment—notatthe still, but upon the mash-
tubs, or upon what is properly called the fer-
menting capacity of the distillery. When an
assessor assesses the value of real estate he
has largely to guess at it, and yet I take it in
most of the cities and places in this country
real estate is assessed by the assessor chiefly
upon that guess, and people acquiesce in it
and the tax is collected. But the proper way
is to ascertain by persons skilled in the busi-
ness from other countries and in this country
how much the distillery will produce in a cer-
tain number of days, giving the best time lor
the Government that is known.
Seventy-two hours is generally regarded as
best in regard to grain distilleries. And some
other estimate can be made in reference to
molasses ; it is the easiest thing in the world.
If possible I will present a substitute when that
section is reached, which I think will commend
itself to the best judgment of the House. At
all events if I cannot do so, I trust to hear some-
thing from others who are better skilled in this
matter than I am.
This system has been adopted in Prussia and
in Austria. And there is no reason, as my
friend from Ohio [Mr. Sohexck] says, why the
inventivegenius of this country cannot improve
upon that system. Let ns try it and see if we
cannot collect this tax. I deny that there is not
enough of ability here to contend wilh these
frauds. Reduce the amount of tax, and then
assess it upon the capacity of the distillery,
and we will be enabled to collect at least three
fourths of it, for there will be much less incen-
tive to fraud.
The Committee of the Whole rose inform-
ally, and the Speaker resumed the chair.
enrolled bills stgned.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same,
namely:
An act (S. No. 188) to amend an act entitled
"An act for the relief of the inhabitants of
cities and towns upon the public lands," ap-
proved March 2, 1867 ; and
An act (S. No. 190) to further provide for
giving effect to the various grants of public
lands to the State of Nevada.
internal tax bill.
The committee resumed the consideration
of the bill to reduce into one act and to amend
the laws relating to internal taxes, the eighth
section being under consideration.
Mr. SCHENCK. I recognize fully the pro-
priety of giving information when I am called
upon to do so; and I expect to give it when I
have it.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Jt:r>n] has
not met my practical question. I say that
even if, when we hereafter come to that por-
tion of the bill, we should require all the taxes
on distilled spirits to be paid at the place of
production, we will still want some officers to
take charge of the distillery and look out for
everything there. If the gentleman had read
the bill he would have found much that he
asks for in this respect. Section two hundred
and four of the bill provides:
"That every distiller shall provide at his own ex-
pense a warehouse to besituated on and to constitute a
part of his diwtillery premises, to be used only for the
storage of distilled spirits, of his own manufacture,
bat no dwelling-bouscshall be used forsuch purpose,
and no door, window, or otheropcningshall be made
or permitted in the walls of such warehouse leading
into tile distillery or into any other room or build-
ing; and such warehouse, when approved by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, on report of the
collector, is hereby declared to be a bonded ware-
house of the United States, to bo known as a distil-
lery warehouse, and shall be under the direction and
control of the collector of the district, and in charge
of an internal revenue storekeeper assigned thereto
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and the
tax on the spirits stored in suoh warehouse shall bo
paid before romoval from such warehouse, unless
removed in pursuance of law."
Section two hundred and five provides for
the whisky being drawn off into cocked cis-
terns when it comes from the still. And we
must have some one to take charge of it there,
let the tax be paid where it may.
As to the other warehouses 1 will not speak
of them now because they are not referred to
here.
My object is to show that we want store-
keepers at any rate. They are to keep an
account of all that goes into the warehouses,
all that goes outof the warehouses, and a great
many other things, which the gentleman could
find out if he would take the trouble to read
the bill with any care.
The gentleman makes the criticism that in
other countries notice is required lo be given
when it is proposed to commence running a
still ; all that is provided for in this bill, and
more, too.
Mr. JUDD. At the suggestion of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and gleans,
[Mr. Sciiesck,] I will withdraw my motiou,
with the understanding that if it is necessary,
after we have acted on the other portions of
the bill, we can return to this section and act
upon my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The hour of half past
four o'clock having arrived, the committee, in
pursuance m the order of the House, will now
take a recess until half past seven o'clock this
evening./
EVEKING SESSION.
At half past seven o'clock the House reas-
sembled in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Pomeroy in thechair,)
and resumed the consideration of the special
order, being thebiil (H. R. No. 1060) to reduce
into one act and to amend the laws relating to
internal taxes.
The pending question was upon the eighth
section.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schen*ck] is entitled to the floor.
. Mr. SCHENCK. ' I do not know that I need
to add to what 1 have already said in opposi-
tion to the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Jcdd,] tostrike out the
provision for storekeepers, especially not after
: the indication he has given of his willingness
to withdraw the amendment—indeed. I believe
j he has withdrawn it—upon the assurance that
; if the provisions of the bill should be so changed
j as to provide that the direct tax upon whisky
: shall be all paid at the still, I shall be willing
! that the committee may go back and make any
. change that may be necessary in this section
to adapt it to that condition of things.
Mr. JUDD, That is perfectly satisfactory
to me.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
this section will be reserved for further con-
sideration hereafter.
Mr. SCHENCK. My understanding was
that the section should be reserved for such
amendments only as might relate to distilled
spirits. This is all that was asked.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to propose an
amendment which I believe to be necessary in
view of the action which the Committee of the
