3910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
army of the Potomac; a large number of troops
had to be taken to the city of New York, the
chief magistrate of which State is now the
head of the Democratic ticket, to do what ?
To keep the peace in that city and to enforce
the drafting of men and to put down the spirit
of rebellion which was as rife there as at
Charleston. The world will not forget the
correspondence between Governor Seymour
and General Dix, and I remember how my
blood jumped a little quicker, old as I am,
■when the General informed the Governor at a
certain time that he had troops enough there
then to preserve the city and take care of him,
too. Oh, such a patriot 1 Sir, if you look for
salvation from, that mob engendered by him
go look at the ashes of the colored orphan
asylum in New York. Would it have done
the heart of the Senator from Kentucky good
to have seen demons in human shape beating
out the brains of black infancy ? Look at the
lurid light of the hospital reared by the best
charity in the .world. Look at the murder of
O'Brien, who was brutally hanged and his form
mutilated worse than would have been done
by the barbarians whom the honorable Sena-
tor described this morning. This Governor
addressed these bloody-handed scoundrels,
and called them "friends." They were his
friends; they are to-day; it is no misnomer.
They caught up the torch which he lighted ;
they had performed the work; ho was con-
gratulating them upon it, and he addressed
them as "friends." They received him as
sncli. lie is.
Mr. President, it is this ticket with this plat-
form which my honorable friend loves so well.
Sir, I know something of the Democratic party.
I have been there. It is a party that never
■was beaten, and never could be so long as it
fought the battle of freedom. In its vigor and
its purity it was always as potent as my honor-
able friend thinks it is now in its decrepit,
broken-down, ricketty old age. Then, sir, it
was a power. We quoted the founders of that
party with profound love and respect. We
repeated with admiration their principles every-
where. The mission upon which the Demo-
crats then went out was to fight the battles of
the oppressed wherever and whenever an op-
portunity occurred. Never till they trailed
their honor in the dirty waters of slavery and
took up the war of caste, which the honorable
Senator from Kentucky now takes up, did they
lose their power. Since they have taken that
course they never have had the confidence of
the country, and they never will till they cease
to do evil and learn to do well.
Sir, I want the rule proposed by this joint
resolution prescribed by legislation. I want
no more trouble in this matter. We have
wooed these Slates as amother wooes her first-
born. We have given them milk in their
weakness and meat in their strength. Wehave
invited them back time after time to the man-
sion where there is bread enough and to spare,
but they would not come. Now, sir, I do not
propose that they shall corns' under the fiery
and erratic lead of Blair or Seymour, and break
into the mansion, the door of which they have
heretofore refused to enter. To do that they
shall, at least so far as my vote is concerned,
break over the forms of law.
But, sir, we are gravely told by the honor-
ably Senator and everybody that talks on that
side, that all these laws of ours are unconsti-
tutional. It is reserved, perhaps, for the his-
torian to write that the only true constitutional
lawyers are the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky and the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania, and that my friend from Vermont,
my friend from Illinois, and my friend from
Maine know nothing of the Constitution. It
is reserved for Kentucky alone to save the
Constitution, to save the white man, to curse
the black man, and to wind up things generally
in that way. Be it so. That is a point on
•which 1 shall not comment.
Mr. President, indulge me in a word more.
It is said that in union there is strength. We
have a platform made with entire unanimity.
But recently, for four or five sweltering hot
days in the city of New York, in that new-bom
Babel of Tammany, did hundreds of Demo-
crats sweat, voting for this man and that man,
with no result, and all the time there was a
deep laid plan, which the mass of them did not
comprehend, to get the very man they have got.
I cannot help contrasting in my mind that con-
vention with the one at Chicago. The con-
vention at Chicago had just, twice as many
delegates as the one at New York. The first
thing done there was to make a platform on
which they all agreed, and the next thing was
to nominate a President, and each State was
called and each State answered until six hun-
dred and three delegates had spoken, and every
vote was for one man right off, without any cau-
cus, without any consultation. They looked
to him as the child looks to its father for pro-
tection. They remembered the thousand vic-
tories to which he had led them, and their eyes
as involuntarily turned upon him as a leader
in the civil strife as in the strife of arms. To
me that was a noble and inspiring sight. Let
not the honorable Senator from Kentucky
believe that such unity of sentiment is to be
overborne by this fragmentary party called
Democratic.
Let me refer to another difference. We have
a warrior at the head and a man of peace
emphatically as the second nominee, a man
whose name is written as firmly and as broadly
on the civil page of his country's history as
General Grant's is on the military page. When
Grant was leading our armies against the hosts
of the rebellion it was prophesied that Lee
would never surrender. Now, the Senator from
Kentucky, bolder, braver, and less considerate
than Lee, says that this platform with its back-
ers will never surrender. Let him that casteth
off liis armor boast; not he that putteth it
on. Sir, there will not be enough of it for
formal surrender. They will be suffered to go
home without terms. Their arms are worth-
less, for they are the arms of error; their
weapons are powerless, because they are
untruthful. No, sir; my gallant friend from
Kentucky will have to seek affiliation with
another party before he gets in a majority. He
will have to join the army of progress and free-
dom, hitching to no snub-post of the past, but
marching on to that haven of destiny of man
where all men shall be equal before the law.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I have been
very much interested by the speech of my hon-
orable friend from Nevada. It has been very
various and very rich, but not much to the
point, and there was not much logic in it,
either. My honorable friend reminds me very
much of the exclamation of an old lady who
went to heara preacher who was said to be a very
eloquent pulpit orator. After she had listened
to liiin for some time she exclaimed, " Oh
Lord, what a good preacher he would make if
he only had grace," and I think grace is all
that my honorable friend needs to make his
oratory effective. [Laughter.]
He is not always accurate in his information.
A little while ago he spoke of the ticket at
New York as a hyena ticket, for the reason, as
he said, its strongest part was behind. I have
heard such a thing called before a kangaroo
ticket, but never a hyena ticket, [laughter;]
and what similitude my honorable friend can
make out between that ticket and a hyena I
do not know. Again, he spoke of the pre-
sence of Hammond of South Carolina at that
convention, and how he exulted in its work.
According to my recollection, Governor Ham-
mond has been dead about six years. I believe
he was the author of the celebrated phrase in
regard to the mud-sills ; but I think in his life-
time it was his boast either that he was born
in the North or that his father was a Massa-
chusetts man. I believe in olden times when
there were slave owners and slave drivers, the
Massachusetts men who strayed off to the South
were worse than the southern men.
My honorable friend speaks of what has been
done by the Eadical party to win for itself
immortality, and among his first boasts was
that it had broken the shackles of all the slaves
in the land. 1 do not think in justice that
party could have done much less. 1 have read
that about three hundred and thirty thousand
negroes were brought, from Africa to the colo-
nies ; and that, the northern shippers brought
about three hundred thousand others, and
according to my recollection when the law of
Congress abolishing the slave trade went into
operation, the State of my honorable friend',
the Senator from likode Island, bad about
fifty-seven ships engaged in the slave-trade. 1
think the northern people and their posterity
who did so much to plant slavery on the Con-
tinent of North America, owed it to the injured
race at least to give this evidence of the great
change which had come over them. I do not
object to it.
The honorable Senator from Nevada has
spoken of the Chicago convention and of th«
New York convention, and of the Chicago
platform and the New York platform. Well*
sir, the platform at New York repudiates for1
ever slavery. Has my honorable friend any
exception to that plank ? It repudiates for-
ever the principle of secession. Has my ho -
orable friend any exception to that plank ? I
have none. Bat his convention of Chicago
spoke of negro suffrage to be imposed by the
northern States upon the South; and they
themselves to be exempted from it. What
sort of a plank is that ? What sort of states-
manship and philanthropy is there in any such
nonsense as that? My honorable friend spoke
of nonsense and he spoke of the decrees of
God. I should think that the latter at least
was a matter about which he knew very little.
It may be because he is deficient in thatarticie
of grace which the old lady thought so neces-
sary to constitute a good preacher.
My honorable friend spoke of Forrest being
at the New York convention. Who was at hss
Chicago convention from Georgia ? Was there
not one Joe Brown ; and was not Joe Brown
the first man to pull down the flag of the Union
from Fort Pulaski at the beginning of the re-
bellion ? The honorable Senatorspoke of men
who were in the convention at New York reek-
ing with blood of Union soldiers. That was
very bad ; but I care not what rebel comes up
from the South, how red his hand may be with
the gore of slaughtered Union soldiers, if be
chooses to abjure his position and makes a
declaration, and especially an oath in favor of
Radicalism, the honorable Senator and his
compeers are willing to hag him to their bosom,
and they do it constantly. I suppose they have
this advantage of the honorable Senator, in the
estimation of the old lady at least, that they
have received grace. Now, sir, I lmve not
much confidence in a traitor, and I have no
confidence in a double traitor. A man %vlio
has betrayed his country, his Government, the
stars and stripes, and with impious hand has
drawn the sword to murder his country, ought
to be satisfied with thai one act of perfidy and
perjury, without seeking to get into the ranks
of an ascendant party that he may be tempted
to commit another treason. Where repentance
is sincere and reaches the soul it is modest,
and shrinks back from the gaze of the public,
and especially from imputed allurements of
office.
Mr. President, the honorable Senator is a
popular orator. I will not say that he is a
demagogue, but I will say that he is a power-
ful and a most dexterous, popular orator. He
understands the game of waving the hand and
putting aside the main issue. There was a
time when there was a main issue in this land,
formed in this aud the other House of Con-
gress. It was when the resolution was passed
a few days after the battle of Bull Iiun, declar-
ing the objects and purposes for which the war
should be prosecuted, and under what circum-
stances it should be terminated. That was a
wise, patriotic, and statesman-like platform:
it won the hearts and confidence and hopes
of the nation ; and if the party in the major-
ity here had fought their battles upon it con-
stantly with fidelity from that time to this,
