1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
186B
by acts of Congress ; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Riley H.
Smith, late a private of company D, third regi-
ment West Virginia cavalry volunteers, who
lost his leg after discharge, and while on his
way to the place of payment, asking that he
ma,y be placed on the pension-roll; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BAYARli presented a memorial of the
city council of Wilmington. Delaware, praying
an appropriation for the improvement of the
harbor at the mouth of Christiana river; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. POMEROY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Kansas, in favor of an amend-
ment to the act entitled "An act for a grant
of lands to the State of Kansas in alternate
sections to aid in the construction of certain
railroads and telegraphs in said State," ap-
proved March 3, 1805, so as to make certain
provisions for the Atchison, Topeka, and Santa
F6 Railroad Company ; which were referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of granting to the
Union Pacific Railway, Southern Branch, Com-
pany, the same subsidy in oonds of the United
States as is granted to the eastern branch of
the Union Pacific railway; which were referred
to the Committee on the Pacific Eailroad, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
Henry Reeves, late a private of company I,
thirtieth regiment Massachusetts volunteers,
asking for an increase of pension and that it
may begin from the date of his wounds; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Springwater, New York, praying that addi-
tional bounty may be given to all drafted men
as well as to volunteers; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
He also presented the following petitions,
which were referred to the Committee on
Finance:
A petition of Isaac Prouty and seventy-one
others, shoe and leather manufacturers of
Spencer, Massachusetts, in favor of the repeal
of internal revenue tax upon manufactures;
A petition of "Walter Chamberlain and one
hundred and seventeen others, shoe manufac-
turers of North Ridgewater, Massachusetts, in
favor of repealing the internal revenue tax
upon manufactures;
A petition of L. Fullem and sixty-eight
others, shoe manufacturers of West Brook-
field, Massachusetts, in favor of a repeal of
the internal revenue tax upon manufactures;
A petition of Damon, Thomas & Lewis and
thirty-six others, shoe and leather manufac-
turers of Boston, in favor of repealing the in-
ternal revenue tax upon manufactures; and
A petition of Andrew Atwood and twenty
others, of Athol, Massachusetts, in favor of a
repeal of the internal revenue tax upon manu-
factures.
Mr. CAMERON presented the memorial of
the Philadelphia Female Anti-Slavery Society,
praying the adoption of measures for the pro-
tection of the rights of the colored people of
the country by taking measures to secure to
every State a republican form of government;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CAMERON. I also present a number
of petitions from the Philadelphia Typograph-
ical Union, signed very largely by journeymen
printers. These gentlemen represent that an
international copyright would do great injury
to their trade. It is proper to say to the Sen-
ate that no class of workmen in the world are
so intelligent as journeymen printers, none so
well acquainted with their own interests and
the interests of the country in which they live.
I think, therefore, these petitioners are enti-
tled to peculiar attention, and for that reason
I make these remarks, trusting that the joint
Committee on the Library will give these peti-
tions full weight.. I move their reference to
that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON presented a petition of citi-
zensof Ohio, praying for the passage of a law
making eight hours a legal day's work; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
_ Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I present a peti-
tion of a number of citizens of Newark, New
Jersey, and New York city, praying that the
Navy may be reduced to thirty vessels, the
Army-to twenty thousand men, the Navyappro-
priations to $12,000,000, and the Army appro-
priations to $35,000,000, and that the revenue
laws may be so adjusted as to keep the balance
of trade in our favor, so that the products of
gold and silver may remain at home, thus
hastening the time when we shall have a specie
basis for our currency. I move their reference
to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That tlie petition and papers of W. II.
Vcrsey on the files of the Senate bo referred to the
Committee on Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. Ii. No. 384) to authorize the build-
ing of a railroad bridge across the Ohio river
at Paducah, Kentucky, reported it with amend-
ments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. Ii. No. 593) to amend
an act entitled "An act to authorize the con-
struction of certain bridges, and to establish
them as post roads," reported it with amend-
ments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. It. No. 725) supple-
mental to an act approved July 14, 1802, enti-
tled "An act to establish certain post roads,"
reported it with amendments.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 780) declaring St. George
and Booth Bay, in the State of Maine, and
San Antonio, Texas, ports of delivery, and
authorizing the establishment of bonded ware-
houses at Bueksport and Vinalhaven, in the
State of Maine, reported it with amendments.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, from the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the
memorial of James Hooper, praying compen-
sation for the loss of the bark General Berry
while in the Government service, destroyed by
the rebel privateer Florida, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 436) for the re-
lief of James Hooper. The bill was read and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
CUSTOMS WAREHOUSING SYSTEM.
Mr. SPRAGUE, from the Committee on
Commerce, submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to;
Retolved, That the Committee on Commerce be,
and is hereby, instructed to examine and report on
tho warehousing, bonding, and transportation sys-
tem under the laws and regulations pertaining to the
customs, with power to bend for persons and papero,
with leave to report at any time by bill "or other-
wise.
HEIUS OF ASBURY DICKINS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
postpone all other business and proceed to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 408, a private
bill, which I trust will not take much time.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 408) for the benefit of the heirs of Asbury
Dickins, deceased, was read the second time
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the payment to Maria Dick-
ins and the other heirs of Asbury Dickins, de-
ceased, of $4,276 81, it being the difference
between the salaries of the Secretary of the
Treasury and the Secretary of Stats and chief
clerk of those Departments for the aggregate
periods of time that Asbury Dickins acted as
Secretaries aforesaid under pro tempore ap-
pointments by the President of the United
States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am very
reluctant to oppose this bill; but having voted
against it in committee I will state briefly the
reasons why I did so.
I know that a bill for the relief cf any offi-
cer of the Senate, or one who has been jori-
neeted with the Senate in an official capacity,
always meets with so much favor that very
little scrutiny is given to it in any case. The
facts in this case are that an officer who was
for a very long period of his life in the ser-
vice of the country, and always receiving a
salary commensurate with his capacity and
with his service, did, for some temporary period
of time, discharge the duties of a higher office;
and now it is proposed to pay him the differ-
ence between his salary as chief clerk and tho
salary of Secretary of State and Secretary of
the Treasury, which positions he held at vari-
ous times—an amount which he never claimed
during his lifetime, to my knowledge, and
which comes up here a long period after his
death. It strikes me that if we pass this bill
we set an example for paying the Assistant
Secretary of State for acting as Secretary dur-
ing the time that the Secretary may be ill;
and we set an example for paying the various
officers who may have discharged the duty of
Secretary of the Treasury for such time as the
Secretary of the Treasury may have been ab-
sent ; and so of any other Cabinet officer.
Mr. HARLAN. I know but little about the
merits of this bill, but I understand that it is
to make some payment to tho heirs of Mr.
Dickins, at one time Secretary of the Senate.
I rise merely to state one fact for the informa-
tion of the Senate, that I know personally that
one of these heirs was in the rebel army. It
came to my knowledge in this way: he had
been strongly recommended for a position in
the Interior Department, and when presented
with the oath required by law to be taken by
all officers of the United States he was unable
to take it for the reason, as assigned by him-
self, that he had performed service in the rebel
army.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That difficulty can be
obviated by adding a proviso, which I suppose
the Senator from Illinois can draw at once;
but I wish to inform my friend from Vermont
that there are as many as twenty precedents
of a like kind on the statute-book, not only
precedents where officers have received the
difference between the two salaries, but have
received both salaries at the same time in some
cases; and precedents, also, where one Cab-
inet officer discharging temporarily the duties
of another Cabinet officer has received both
salaries by act of Congress. I hold a list of
themin myhand, which the Senator can look at.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. But the Sen-
ator will not claim that that is right, whatever
may be the facts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was done by Con-
gress; but sincc that time a law has been
passed that no officer shall receive the pay of
both offices for such service. This bill goes no
further than to provide that payment shall be
made of the difference between Mr. Dickins's
salary as chief clerk and the salary of the head
of the Department during the time he dis-
charged the duties of head of the Department.
I understand—I do not know how the fact is;
my friend from Illinois can say—that this mat-
ter was once before the Court of Claims, and
the Court of Claims allowed the claim. I
suppose that was at the time when all their
awards were by law sent back to Congress to
be acted upon, and the report probably was
laid aside and not acted upon. The Court of
Claims have, as I understand, decided it to be
a just and valid claim, as I have no doubt that
it is. The fact that Mr. Dickins did not urge
the claim while he was alive was not because
he did not consider it his due, but because he
was all the time in service as Secretary of the
Senate, and he did not choose to bring it for-
