1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2887
Whole has already taken, to insert in the
second line of this section, instead of the words
"Commissioner of Internal Revenue," the
words '• Secretary of the Treasury." If the
section is not to be reserved for general amend-
ment I move this amendment now.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not see that this
amendment becomes necessary at all, by rea-
son of our action on the sixth section.
The CHAIRMAN. If the Chair has mis-
understood the arrangement between the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Judk] and the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sciiexck,] in regard
to reserving this section, he would be glad to
have the matter restated.
Mr. JUDD. My objection to the section
related to that portion with regard to distilled
spirits, and my motion applying to the entire
section was made rather pro forma, in order
to have the matter explained by the chairman
of the committee. I am willing that my mo-
tion to strike out shall be passed over until the
o*lier sections of the bill shall have been con-
sidered.
Mr. DAWES. Before this section has passed
beyond our control, I think that the commit-
tee should act upon the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
It seems to me that such an amendment is
necessary; because, if the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue is not the head of a de-
partment, lie cannot make the appointments
here contemplated. I know that by our action
011 the first section this officer is made the head
of a department; but our action subsequently
upon the sixth section seemed to me a determ-
ination in a full House that this officer shall
not be the head of a department.
The CHAIHMAN. Does the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schjenok] object to reserving
this whole section for amendment generally?
Mr. SCHUNCK. I object, because I under-
stood the reservation was intended to apply to
a particular question. If, however, gentlemen
propose to open again the question with regard
to appointments—whether they shall be con-
fined to the Secretary of the Treasury or the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, I shall,
perhaps, be compelled, as there is no quorum
here, to consent that _ this whole section be
passed over.
Mr. GARFIELD. I certainly would not do
anything to embarrass the committee on this
bill, there being now no quorum here; but I
desire to say to my colleague [Mr. Schenck]
that I understood the vote to-day upon the
sixth section as indicative that the Committee
of the Whole had decided not to erect the
Internal Revenue Bureau into a separate de-
partment. My amendment simply proposes to
carry out what I understand to be the sense
of the House. If my colleague prefers that
this question shall not be acted on now, and
is willing that the section shall be reserved,
and that this amendment shall be offered here-
after, I will cheerfully assent to that arrange-
ment, as I am unwilling that business should
be stopped for the want of a quorum.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think I understand this
whole matter. The Secretary of the Treasury
has now the appointment of about nine thou-
sand officers in this and other branches of the
public service. To take the appointment of
four thousand of them away from him and give
it to another officer is considered revolution-
ary, because it tends too much toward building
up the power of one man ! Hence, it is argued,
■we had better leave the appointment of the
whole nine thousand with the Secretary of the
Treasury! 1 suppose, however, if we get into
an argument upon this subject, we shall open
up again the whole question ; and rather than
do that, I would prefer that the whole section
should be reserved. I withdraw my objection
to that arrangement. I do not know but we
would get along better by commencing at the
other end of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair only wishes
to know what the agreement is.
Mr. SCHENCK. I agree that the eighth
section shall be reserved for the purpose of the
amendments of the gentleman from Illinois and
the gentleman from Ohio, now pending.
Mr. BEAMAN. I object, unless the whole
section is reserved.
Mr. SCHENCK. I agree to that. There
is no quorum present, and I cannot control the
matter.
The Clerk read the next section as follows :
Sec. 9. And be itfurther enacted, That there shall
bo appointed by the Commissioner ot Internal Itev-
enue, in every collection district where thesame may
be necessary, one or more internal revenne gaugers,
who shall each take an oath faithfully to perform
hisi duties, and shall give his bond, with one or more
sureties, satisfactory to said Commissioner, for the
faithful discharge of the duties assigned to him by
law or regulations; and the penal sum of said bond
shall not be less than $5,000, and said bond shall be
renewed or strengthened as the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue may require. Thcduties of every
such ganger shall be performed under the supervis-
ion and direction of the collector of the district to
which he may be assigned, or of the collector in
charge of exports at any port of entry to which he
may be assigned. Fees for gauging and inspecting
shall be prescribed bythe Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, to be paid to the collector by the owner or
producer of the articles to be gauged and inspected;
and said collector shall retain all amounts so re-
ceived as such fees until the last day of each month,
when the aggregate amount of fees so paid that
month shall, under regulation to bo prescribed by
the Copimissioner of Internal Revenue, be paid t.o
the gaugcr assigned to said district, or. if thero bo
more than one, shall bo equally divided by said
collector among all the internal revenue gaugers
assigned to the district. All necessary labor and
expense attending the gauging of any article shall
be furnished and borne bv the owner or producer of
sueh articles. Every gauger shall, under such regu-
lations as may bo prescribed by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, make a daily return in dupli-
cate; one copy of such return to be delivered to the
assessor, and the other to theoollocfor of his district,
givingatrue account in detail of ail articles gauged
and proved or inspected by him, and for whom, and
the number and kind of stamps used by him. Any
gaugerwho shall make any false or fraudulent in-
spection, gauging, or proof, shall pay a penalty of
$1,000, and, on conviction, shall be fined not less than
$500 nor more than &3.000, and imprisoned not less
than three months nor moro than three years.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to move on
page 11, line twenty-two, to strike out from
the word "assigned " to the word " district,"
in line twenty-five, as follows :
To said district, or, if there be more than one, shall
bo equally divided by said collector among all the
internal revenue gaugers assigned to the district.
And insert in lieu thereof the words :
Performing the duty; and m any city or part of a
citv within a district where there may be two or more
gauerers on duty, the said fees shall be equally divided
by the collector among them. In no case, however,
shall the aggregate monthly lees of any gauger exceed
at the rate of $3,000 per annum.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to strike out in the twenty-ninth and thirtieth
lines the words "copy of said return." It is
a mere verbal amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IIIGBY. I move to strike out these
words, "shall pay a penalty of $1,000, and."
I should like to ask the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means how it happens
this is made to read in this way :
Any gaugcr who shall make any false or fraudu-
lent inspection,gauging, or proof.shall nay a penalty
of $1,000, and, on conviction, shall bo fined not less
than S500 nor more than $5,000, and impiisoned not
less than three months nor more than three years.
It seems that two penalties are inserted, or
else there is tautology. Is it to be understood
this penalty of $1,000 is to be paid before con-
viction? How can he be made to pay a penalty
before trial?
Mr. SCHENCK. Very easily by action of
debt; all through the law we have resorted to
the same practice.
Mr. HIGBY. It does not change the law?
Mr. SCHENCK. It does not.
Mr. HIGBY. It is not paid under a crim-
inal prosecution?
Mr. SCHENCK. It is a double remedy
which prevails all through the bill.
Mr. HIGBY. by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to strike out the
words "Commissioner of Internal Revenue,"
and insert "Secretary of the Treasury."
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, I suppose the i
attention of the chairman of the committee
has been necessarily drawn to the fact that
these gaugers, under the existing law, are the
principal parties who assist the distillers in
defrauding the revenue. I hope that the pro-
visions of this bill are sufficient to prevent it.
I will relate to the committee the modus
operandi by which the gauger is made one of
the chief instruments in assisting the distiller,
as I understand the operation of the law now,
at any rate the practice. A distiller makes appli-
cation to the collector of the district that he
desires' to have gauged and to pay the tax upon
a given quantity of whisky. He goes to the
collector to have an order issued to the gauger
to go to the distillery and gauge that quantity.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am compelled to raise
the point of order that the gentleman is not
speaking to the amendment, but to the general
necessity of gauging.
Mr. WOOD. I am speaking to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Ohio. I
hope the gentleman desires to make this bill
as perfect as possible.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report
the amendment.
The Clerk reported the amendment to strike
out "Commissioner of Internal Revenue"
and insert "Secretary of the Treasury;" so
that it will read as follows:
That thero shall be appointed by the Secretary of
the Treasury in every collection district where the
samo may bo necessary, ono or more internal reve-
nue gaugers.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, upon the ground that the only
amendment proposed is to change "Commis-
sioner of Internal Iievenue" to "Secretary of
the Treasury."
Mr. WOOD. I am in favor of that. I yield
to the ruling of the Chair, which no doubt is
strictly and technically correct. I want to
make the bill perfect if I can.
The CHAIRMAN. There will still be oppor-
tunity for amendment when this is disposed of.
The question being put on the amendment
of Mr. Garfield, the Chairman announced
that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask for a division.
The action of the committee to-day makes that
amendment necessary. If it may be reserved
I will not ask for a division. The settlement
of one question will settle all of them.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to
reserving it if the committee think proper.
By unanimous consent the amendment was
reserved.
Mr. WOOD. I move to strike out " Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue." I do it for
the purpose of calling the attention of the
chairman of the committee, who I am bound
to suppose is desirous of making this bill per-
fect so far as the security of the Treasury is
concerned, to the fact that, in my judgment,
there is no improvement in this section upon
the existing law. Precisely the same form is
proposed here as is now required by law. In-
deed, I do not know but that this section is
taken bodily from the existing law.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman will allow me to interrupt him, this
is not taken from the existing law. The only
prescription in the existing law in regard to
gaugers is that inspectors shall gauge. It will
be found in the act of 1S66, section thirty.
There is no provision in the existing law for
the appointment of a gauger.
Mr. WOOD, it is immaterial whether the
inspector shall gauge or whether there is a
gauger appointed. As I understand it, every
district now has a gauger. The Secretary of
the Treasury, at the recommendation of the
collector of the district and by the consent of
the assessor, recommends some person to
gauge in that district. That I know to be the
fact. Now they propose to name an officer to
be called a gauger. It is immaterial whether
he is a inspector or gauger. The point to
which I desire to draw the attention of the
committee is this: that this gauger is the only
real security that the Government has. It is
