1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
479
Uait««l Suites, tad the decision is a*ain t their !
validity, or where is drawn iu question the validity
of a statute of or an authority exercised ander any
State, on the gronnd of their boiug rentyrnant to tho
Constitution. treat.es. or laws of the I'niteU States,
and the decision u in lavor of such, their validity,
or where any titU\ right, privilege. or immunity is
claimed nud'er tho Constitution, or nny treaty or
statute of, or commission held, or authority exerci  d
ander the I'uiced States, aaU the decision is acainat
the title, rieht, pri* ilege, or immunity specially set
up or claimed by either partjr under such Constitu-
tion. treaty, statute, commission, or authority, may
bo reexamine*! and ri'vorsct or affirmed in the
Supreme Court of the I'm ted States, upon u writ of
error, the citation bcins sisrned by the chief justice,
or judge, or clianeellor of tho court rendering or
pa&itng the judgment or decree complained of, or by
a justice ,.f the SuiTcme Court of the United States,
in the same msuiier. tuul under the same regulations,
and the writ shali nave the same effect as if the
judgment ordecreeconiplaiuedof had been rendered
or passed in a court ' f the United States; and the
proceeding upon the reversal shall also be the same,
except that the Supreme Court may, at their discre-
tion, proceed to a final decisiou of the tune, and
award executi >n <>r remand the same to an inferior
court. This act shall not apply to the case of any
person who is or may be held in the custody of tho
military of the United States, charted with any
military offense, or with having aided or abetted
rebellion against the Government of the United
States prior to the passage of this met.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I will
say in reply to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Lawrence] that the amendment introduced by
me was merely intended as the assertion of the
unanimity idea, in contradistinction to that
adopted by the committee. So far as regards
the details. I have already remarked that this
bill is imperfect. It is not in a condition to go
to the country as it now stands. My jadgment
is that it ought to be recommitted; and I take
leave to say that it will require the beet legal
ability in the House and the largest amount of
care and consideration to give it the shape it
ought to have before it passes this body. I
think, therefore, decidedly that it ought to be
recommitted.
In regard to the proposition to require una-
nimity I will make a single remark in answer
to the suggestion of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Sir. Matxabd.] He is perfectly well
aware, as is every lawyer here, that it is a well-
settled principle that no act of the law-making
power should ever be declared invalid upon
constitutional grounds unless it be a clear case.
Now. I hold that wherever, with a bench com-
posed of eight judges, there is one dissenting
member, the case is to be regarded as by no
means a clear one. That dissent on the part
of one member of the court implies doubt; and
most lawyers, I suppose, will agree with me
that in cases where there is a dissent among
the members of the court, the opinion of the
dissenting judge will almost invariably be found
to be the better one. I say this only by way of
answer to the question of the gentleman from
Tennessee.
Mr. PKUYX. Mr. Speaker, after an absence
of a few days from this House, I find myself
here to-day under circumstances which would
lead me to suppose that I am in the midst of a
revolutionary tribunal. We have here to-day
propositions of a most extraordinary character.
First, we have had a proposition to strip ten
States of every remaining evidence of their
sovereignty, and the Executive of his consti-
tutional power; and now we are startled by
another measure calculated virtually to rob the
Supreme Court of the United States of the
authority which has given itinfluence, dignity,
and strength before the country and before the
world, and which has been conceded to that
tribunal from the inauguration of the Govern-
ment to the present time; and this measure is
proposed, as the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. W n.liamh] has admitted, in view of the
fact that that court may possibly make a decis-
ion which will come in conflict with the views
and opinions of a majority of the members of
this House. I am sure that this open, bold,
daring avowal will strike the country with
surprise ; and I am glad to find that even the
gentleman from Pennsylvania falters when he
approaches this point, and wishes to have the
measure considered with more care and more
deliberation than the majority of this House
teem disposed to give to it. I cordially agree
with him if anything is to be done, if any out- !
rage ot' this kind is to be perpetrated, it should j
be done at least with that regard to decency of j
form and time and action which will give its
authors at least some pretense for inflicting it
upon tho country; and I trnst, sir, without
entering into any extended debate in reference
to this matter, because it has come upon mo
most unexpectedly, that the suggestion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Williams]
to postpone this discussion to a future time will
receive tho sanction of the House.
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I find
myself in the position, I suppose, of almost
every member of the House, of being entirely
unprepared to enter into a proper discussion
of the very grave question brought before us
this morning. It appears to me that the
course of gentlemen who have the control of
the deliberations of this House in the last and
present Congress is such as to do great injus-
tice not only to the minority but to the House
itself. On all questions brought before this
body involving great constitutional questions
action is forced almost instantly upon their in-
troduction to the House, without any opportu-
nity for preparation, without any opportunity
for examination of authorities, without any
opportunity for deliberation, and the result is
necessarily that, in the eyes of the nation and
the world, the debates in the House of Repre-
sentatives are losing character, as compared
with the debates in the other branch of the
Legislature. There no restraint of this kind is
placed upon the deliberation of that body.
Every member who desires to discuss a ques-
tion before the Senate has ample time given
him for investigation and to be heard at length.
Consequently, though there may not be a
greater amount of talent in the other branch
than in this, yet from the practice of the Sen-
ate, as compared with that of the House, the
debates of the Senate are and must continue
to be looked to as abler and more thorough
than those of this body. In pursuing this
course we are doing manifest injustice to our-
selves, and we ought to abandon it, and those
who have the control of the course of legisla-
tion on this floor ought from this moment to
abandon this vicious practice which is so un-
just to the minority, and which has deprived
us all of onr proper influence before the coun-
try. The distinguished gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Williams,] a member of the
Judiciary Committee, the gentleman who first
brought this question before the country, and
who desires time for the deliberate investiga-
tion thereof, is, with the minority, grossly
wronged by such indecent • haste to force
through a measure of such grave importance.
Feeling, as I do, my utter want of prepar-
ation to enter upon a discussion of the ques-
tions involved in this measure, I could not feel
that I had discharged the duty devolved upon
me here if I should fail to protest against the
proposed action of the House, for I am pain-
fully impressed with a conviction that of all
that strange series of revolutionary measures
which have been brought forward in the last
and present Congress tending to subvert and
destroy the institutions of our country, and
which have caused snch wide-spread gloom and
despondency, this is one of the very worst,
for it is striking a blow at and subverting
one of the coordinate branches of the Govern-
ment. The theory of our Government is that
it is one of checks and balances; that there is
no arbitrary power lodged anywhere that can
rightfully cripple or fetter any one of these
coordinate parts of onr system. They are all
necessary to the due equilibrium of the whole
and to the protection and security of the
rights of the citizen. It is laid down by writers
of our constitutional law, and such is the theory
of our Government, that as long as each of
these departments is maintained in its due
constitutional vigor there can be no depri-
vation of the rights of the people or subver-
sion of the institutions of our Government
except by the concurrent act of them all. Each
would operate us a complete check upon the
other two when wrong or usurpation was
attempted. And in such case if any one branch
remains true to the Constitution nnd firm in
defending it there could be no danger of a
subversion of our institutions. Hut Congress
has gone on from measure to measure claim-
ing despotic power in tho legislative branch.
This assumption is not only without authority
in the Constitution but contrary to every truo
principle of free government.
If tne House and Senate are absoluto, if
they may override the will of the people, over-
ride the will of the Executive, override tho
deliberate judgment of the Supreme Court of
the United States, then wo have already estab-
lished a despotism in our country, and the free
institutions of our fathers are no longer in
existence; not a despotism of one man, but of
a usurping Congress acting outside of and in
defiance of the Constitution. It is assertion
of absolutism the people must and will repudi-
ate, unless they have made up their minds to
submit to any and every aggression upon the
institutions of their country.
Consider for a moment the proposition now
before the House. The Constitution provides
that there shall be three coordinate depart-
ments of the Government—legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial; the legislative to make
the laws, the executive to execute them, and
the judicial to construe them. The Constitu-
tion also provides that the Constitution shall
be the supreme law of the land; and every
court when called upon to decide questions
involving the right of citizens, whether of
person or property, is compelled to ascertain
and decide what the law is, and it is for that
reason that they must first look into the Con-
stitution ; for if it applies it is the paramount,
supreme law, and the decision must be given
in conformity thereto.
But what is to be the action of that court
and the power of that court under this law?
A question involving the right of citizens arises
before that court. As constituted it consists of
eight members, and a quorum will consist of
five members. One man claims a right under
the Constitution of his country, and another
an antagonistic right under an act of Congress.
For instance, suppose this Congress enacts a
law transferring all my property to my neigh-
bor, giving him an absolute title. I bring a
suit which reaches the Supreme Court. I claim
that underthe Constitution of the United States
the property is mine. My neighbor claims that
under the act of Congress it is his. There are
five members of the court present. Those five
believe that my title is good and that the act
of Congress is void. But what is the result of
the passage of this bill now before the House?
The entire court have not the power to return
to me my property and declare the act of Con-
gress void. There must be the concurring
judgment of at least six judges under the pro-
visions of this bill to declare an act of Con-
gress void. So that this bill prohibits the
ccyirt from restoring to me my property which
has been taken from me by an act of Congress
passed in most palpable violation of the Fed-
eral Constitution. What is Government worth
if an outrage of this character can be perpe-
trated in open day and with impunity? Are
gentlemen willing to place themselves on rec-
ord as sustaining an act involving consequences
so monstrous as that?
Suppose, again, that Congress should pass
an act of attainder, confiscating the property
of some person and bringing him to trial, pun-
ishment, and death, as was once the practice
in the British Parliament. It would, of course,
be a palpable violation of the Constitution.
The question comes before the Supreme Court.
A quorum consists of five members, and but
five are present at the trial of the cause; but
those five have no power to declare the act
void ; and if this bill is to become a law there
is no means of arresting the perpetration of
this monstrous outrage. The court would have
no power to declare the act void, though ad-
mitted by every lawyer in the country to be a
most manifest violation of the Constitution.
