1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 13,
ward. Now lie is dead, and his heirs are left
in a state of absolute pecuniary want. There
is no reason in justice or equity, to ray appre-
hension, why the amount in this bill should not
be paid to such of the heirs as were loyal and
continued loyal. Not only are they in the con-
dition I have stated, but they absolutely lost
property by possession being taken of their
iarm by the Government, which was used by
it during the war, and for which they have
received 110 compensation. I think under these
circumstances it is eminently just, and proper
that this sum should be allowed and paid. 1
hope it will be done without further contro-
versy.
Mr. TRUMBULL. To obviate the objec-
tion which has been made, I move to amend
the bill by adding this proviso:
Provided, That none of said heirs wlio havo taken
part in the lato rebellion asiuiibt the United States
shall receive any of tlio benefits of this aet.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not wish to say any-
thing 011 the amendment, but I rise for the
purpose of speaking to the bill. As lar as I
11m advised, continuously up to the period
when we passed the law referred to by the
Senator from Maine, when an ofiicer held two
appointments under Government., one having
a lower salary than the other, he was paid,
under the opinions of the several Attorneys
General, the larger salary if he demanded it,
and in very many instances lie was paid both ;
but the legal advisers supposed that when an
officer who was properly appointed discharged
the duties of a higher office, and discharged
them faithfully, he was entitled to be paid the
salary appertaining to that office, as he would
have been if he had been nominated and con-
firmed by the Senate. Itwas found, however,
or supposed to have been found, ta work in-
juriously in some instances, and we passed
the act which is now 011 the statute-book in
relation to such cases.
Now, as to Mr. Dickins, I speak with some
personal knowledge when I say that when he
discharged the duties of Secretary of State he
discharged them with very eminent ability.
That, I know, was the opinion of men of that
day ; and, as far as I am advised, that opinion
has been concurred in by all his successors in
office. He was a faithful servant of the Gov-
ernment in every station which he has lield.
As the Senators know who were present during
the period that he discharged the duties of Sec-
retary of this body, he was eminently faithful
and intelligent. He died poor—died poor be-
cause lie confined himself exclusively to the
duties of his office, because he did nothing
except what the duties of office required, and
took no opportunity to amass money in any
way. I hope the Senate will with almost una-
nimity vote to his heirs this stipend.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say a single word in
favor of this bill, as I reported it from the
Committee on Claims. The first precedent in
support of the principle of this bill occurred
when Mr. Monroe filled the position of one of
the Secretaries by an appointment pro tempore.
He received his pay for both offices, and all
the precedents that have since taken place
gave pay to the officer for both the offices whose
duties he performed. The principle went up
before Judge Taney, a member of the Supreme
Court, in the Maryland circuit, and it was there
decided by him that a purser in the Navy who
had performed the duties of two offices should
have the salary of both. This ease wentbefore
the Court of Claims, and the Court of Claims,
in relation to the claim of Asbury Dickins, sus-
tained the principle and awarded to him the
pay both of chief clerk and of Secretary of the
Treasury and of State, the duties of which
offices he had performed at various intervals.
The bill which the Committee on Claims have
reported does not allow him pay for both of-
fices ; but it gives him the larger salary of the
two, and deducts that which he received us
chief clerk of the two offices. That is the
whole of it, and I trust the bill will pass.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Illinois. -
Mr. GONNESS. I suggest that the amend-
ment be modified by the insertion of the words
"nor their assigns" after the .word "heirs."
There may be assignments made,
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. FESSENDEN.
There is 110 objection to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempbre. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to hear that
amendment read once more.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read again.
The Secretary read as follows:
Provided, Thatnoneof saidheirs, nor their assign?,
who have taken part in the lato rebellion against
the United States, shall receive any of the benefits
ol- this act.
Mr. HOWE. This bill was reported from a
committee of which I am a member. I did
not concur in that report. The fact which has
been stated here is one which was not known to
me at the time, and it seems to me this amend-
ment does not make the proper provision for
that case. This bill attempts to meet a claim
said to exist 011 behalf of Mr. Asbury Dickins
against the Government. That claim it is sup-
posed his heirs succeed to. Of course, they
take pro rata. Now, this amendment, as I
understand it, provides that although his heirs
shall receive the whole sum. which he would
have received yet it shall not be distributed
pro rata, but it shall be confined to those who
were loyal during the rebellion, so that you
confiscate the shace of those who were disloyal,
not in favor of the Government, but in favor of
those who were loyal.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is not that right?
Mr. HOWE. No; I think it is not right. I
think if, under those circumstances, you give to
those who adhered to the Government the share
they would have received if all had adhered,
you do all for them that a liberal and generous
Government ought to do; and my own opin-
ion is, you do more ; that neither Mr. Dickins
nor any of his heirs has any claim at all. That
is my opinion ; but I think it ought not to go
any further than to give to the loyal heirs the
share which they would inherit.
The amendment was conanrred in.
Mr. CONKLING. Before the final vote is
taken upon the bill I should like to know the
meaning of the latter part of the amendment
offered by the Senator from Maine. I am not
sure whether the qualification of loyalty applies
to the heiis or the assigns. I beg the Secretary
to read it again.
The Secretary again read the proviso.
Mr. CONKLING. It is very clear what the
mover intended, and the amendment was
capably prepared, no doubt; but 1 submit to
hi 111 whether there is not a doubt as to what it
means? Suppose one of the heirs, who has
not taken part in the rebellion, has assigned
to one who has taken part in the rebellion,
how would it affect him?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say to the Sen-
ator from New York, that I neither prepared
the amendment nor offered it. lie is mistaken
in that particular. It was prepared, by the
honorable Senator from Illinois, and appeared
to me to be quite distinct and plain.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg the Senator's par-
don. I thought it was offered by him. 1 do
not know enough about the parties to be
affected to understand what the practical im-
portance of it may be. When you say: "Nei-
ther heirs nor assigns who have taken part in
the rebellion," ia the qualification confined to
the heirs, or does it extend to the assigns?
That is, I think, questionable.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to myfriend
that a transposition of the words will obviate
all the difficulty.
Mr. CONKLING. I was about to suggest
that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it read " that none
of said heirs who have taken part in the rebel-
lion, nor their assigns." That would undoubt-
edly be better.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That
modification will be made unless there be ob-
jection, and it will be made accordingly.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time and
message from tiib house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House insisted upon its amendment to
the bill (S. No. 108) for the relief of Henry
Greathouse and Samuel Kelly, agreed to the
conference asked by the Senate 011 the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. J. F. Farxsworth of Illi-
nois, Mr. T. W. Ferry of Michigan, and Mr.
J. A. Johnson of California, managers at the
same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
agreed to some and disagreed to oth.gr amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. Is! No. 718)
making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending 30th June, 1869, and for other
purposes, asked a conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. E. B. Waseburxe of Illinois,
Mr. F. C. Beamax of Michigan, and Mr. G.
W. Morgan of Ohio, managers at the same
on its part.
enrolled bill signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (S. No. 213) to amend an act entitled "An
act to amend the judiciary act, passed the24th
of September, 1789;" and it was thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore.
bills introduced.
Mr. YATES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
437) for the relief of Isaac Rutishouser, of
Chicago, Illinois; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
438) for the relief of John B. Earle; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 439)
for the relief of Asbury Stalnaker; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 121) to carry into effect
the resolution approved March 2, 1807, pro-
viding for the exchange of certain public docu-
ments ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Printing.
consular and diplomatic expenses.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine,
the Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 718) making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing 30th June, 1869, and for other purposes,
disagreed to by the House of Representatives.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine,
it was
Itcsolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the bill (H. It. No. 718) making appropria-
tions lor the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
trovernment for the year ending 30th June, 1809, dis-
agreed to by the House, and agree to tho conference
asked by the House on tho disagreeing votes of th<i
two Houses thereon.
Ordered, Thattlio conferees onthe part of the Ben-
ate be appointed by the President pro iemzore.
I he PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Morrill of Maine, Mr. Howl;, Mr.
Buckalew,
