1868.]
APPEXDIX TO THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40th Cong....2d Sess,
Relief from Disabilities—Mr. Mullins.
Ho. op Reps.
ONE MODE OF RESUMPTION CONSIDERED.
A proposition has been made by my col-
league [Mr. Garfield] to resume specie pay-
ments at a certain period in the future. The
tune fixed upon for complete resumption is
June 1, 1871. This plan, if adopted, would
amount practically to immediate resumption.
The effect would be discounted; a general
break down of all prices to the gold level
would follow, as was the case in England in
the very instance cited in support of my col-
league's proposition. "In May, 1819, the lasv
was passed fixing the time and mode of resump-
tion," and "specie payments were fully re-
sumed on the 1st of May, 1821, two years before
the time fixed by law." This sudden transi-
tion from an inconvertible to a convertible
paper currency was doubtless a profitable
arrangement for the few men in England who
owned the revenues of the nation, and whose
rents, annuities, and salaries were thus greatly
enhanced in value ; but it bore with crushing
weight upon the laboring poor as well as upon
the men of moderate means—the mechanics,
tradesmen, farmers, who were in debt for their
tools, their merchandise, their implements of
husbandry. These found the value of the
articles necessary for the prosecution of their
various pursuits, as well as the products of
their labor, suddenly stricken down in value,
while their expenditures, their debts, the bond
of the creditor, remained undiminished.
I admit that gold is the solid basis upon
which to build, but I would not rush thither
upon the prostrate forms of the debtors of
the country. If my colleague's plan should
be adopted, the debts of the debtor would
remain undiminished, while his resources, his
ability to pay, would be lessened from fifty to
one hundred per cent., and every creditor,
bondholder, holder of greenbacks, would have
added to the value of promissory notes, bonds,
and greenbacks from fifty to one hundred per-
cent. It would place one half of our people
at the feet of tlie other half, where they must
lie prostrate or undergo the humiliation of
seeking relief in the courts of bankruptcy. In
considering this question of resumption we
should not forget the private debts of the peo-
ple, or the debt of the nation, which is the
public debt of the people, and that common
justice requires that the measure used in the
contraction of these debts should be the meas-
ure used in their liquidation.
We were forced to adopt this new standard.
That its adoption workedinjury to very many
is undoubted. To useanillustration ot my col-
league, [Mr. Garfield,] " the man who loaned
§1,000 in July, 1801, payable in three years,
was compelled to accept at maturity as a full
discharge of the debt, an amount of currency
equal in value to §350 of the money loaned."
We are not to blame for the loss resulting to
this creditor, the sacrifice was necessary to
save what to him was more valuable—the life
of the nation. We cannot, however, now
plead alike necessity for compelling tlmdebtor
who has borrowed $350 to pay back ^1,000.
We wereforeed to permitthe one. If weper-
mit the other, we do it voluntarily. Nor is it
necessary, so long as peace continues, that
either debtor or creditor should sufier, the only
injury which can come to the creditor now must
proceed from inflation to the debtoi from
coatraction. The financial distress of our own
and of other countries in the past did not, 1
apprehend, arise so much from their first resort
to paper money as from not stopping when
they had issued enough. Iheir troublesgiew
mainly out of the overissue. I hey were de-
luded by the impracticable schemes of such
men as John .Law, and after rushing to the
furthest limits of inflation became frightened
and rushed back to the other extreme, beggar-
ingone class of men in going out, and crushing
another class in their return.
in conclusion, permit me to refer more fully
to my colleague, [Mr. Garfield.]
ENGLISH PRECEDENT.
"I have not been," he remarked, "ambi-
tious to add another to the many financial plans
proposed to this Congress; much less have I
sought to introduce a new and untried schema.
On the contrary, I regard it a strong com-
mendation of this measure that it is substan-
tially the same as that by which Great Britain
resumed specie payments after a suspension of
nearly a quarter of a century. The situation
of England at that time," he continues, " was
strikingly similar to our present situation;
paper money had been issued in unusual vol-
ume, was virtually a legal tender, and had
depreciated to the extent of twenty-five per
cent. Every financial evil from which we now
suffer prevailed there and was aggravated by
having been longer in operation." My col-
league here refers to years immediately pre-
ceding May 1, 1819, at which time the law
providing for the resumption of specie pay-
ments was passed. In reply to his statement
in reference to the condition of Englaud before,
at the time, and after the passage of this law,
as well as to the effect which the law had upon
the commercial and industrial interests ol the
country, I will read from Alison's History of
Europe:
" The consequences of this abundant supply of the
currency in GreatJLSritain had been an extraordinary
degree ol'prospeiity to the country in thelsist months
ot 1818 and the first of 1819. In a word, the British
empire in the whole of 1818 and thecommencement
of 1819, was beginning to taate the blessed fruits of
peace and prosperity, and industry, viviliert and sup-
ported by acurrency at once adequate andduiy lim-
ited, was flourishing in all its branches, and daily
discovering new channels of profit and enterprise at
the very tune when scarcity of money on the conti-
nent was involving all classes in unheard of disaster.'
Now, in May, 1810, when the British empire
was in this prosperous condition, and that, too,
alter a suspension of nearly a quarter of a
century, Parliament passed a law substantially
the same as that proposed by my colleague,
[Mr. Garfield ;] and what was the result?
I read again from Alison :
" The effects of this extraordinary piece of legisla-
tion were soon apparent. The industry ot the nation
was speedily congealed as a flowing stream is by the
severity ot on Aictic winter. The alarm became
universal—as wide-spread as confidence and activity
had recently been." " " "Prices in
consequence rapidly fell; that of cotton in pal ticular
sank in the space of three months to half its tormcr
"This sudden and prodigious contraction of the
currency ien<leredtho next three yeais ii period of
ceaseless distress and suffering in the British Islands.
The efiect upon prices was not less immediate or
appalling. They sank in general within six months
to half their former amount, and remained at tnat
low level lor the next three yeurs. Imports sunk
ll'oni nearly thirty-six million pounds in 1818, to
£-9,769,000 in 18-3; exports Iroin £15.0110,000 in the
lormer year, to ^L-io.OOO.OUO m the latter. Distress
was universal in theluUei months ol 1810, and that
distrust and discouragement wasielt in all biant-hos
ot industry ; which is at once the forerunner and
cause ol disaster." 11 The contrac-
tion oftne currency and consequent fall ol the price
of agricultural produce fifty per cent, tell with el usli-
ing" effect upon a country (lieland) wholly agricul-
tural, and a people who had no other mode ot exist-
ence but the sale ot that produce. This had gone
on now for nearly three years, (lbl9 to lb22,) and its
effect had been not only to suck the little capital
which they possessed out of thelarmers, butmmany
instances to produce a deep-rooted feeling of api"
rnosity between them and their landlords, which
was leading to the most frightful disorders."
In short, this scheme which my colleague
[Mr. Garfield] proposes to have us adopt,
brought England from prosperity to the lowest
depths of adversity, and filled the land with
such terrible distress that Parliament could
no longer remain deaf to the cries and impor-
tunities of the people, and in_ 1822 was com-
pelled to repealthe most injurious parts of the
act of 1819 by passing a law permitting the
issue of one pound notes, and making them a
legal tender everywhere except at the bank
of England. '•This,'' says the historian,
"coupled with the grant of £4,000,000 Exche-
quer bills, which Government were authorized
to issue in aid of the agricultural interest, had
a surprising effect in restoring confidence and
raising puces.''
Belief from liabilities.
SPEECH OF HOJNT. J. MULLINS,
OF TENNESSEE,
Iif the House op Representatives,
June 18, 18C8,
On the bill relieving 11. E. Butler from political dis-
abilities.
Mr. MULLINS. Mr. Speaker, I beg leave
to submit a few arguments, founded upon well-
established facts, touching the pending contest
for a seat in this Congress between Hon. B. E.
Butler, contestee and member-elect from the
first district of Tennessee, and Hon. Joseph
Powell, contestant. And it is well to here
respectfully stale that in the course of my
remarks I shall not consent to any interrup-
tion by any gentleman on this floor.
It is with no little degree of painful regret
that I rise to enter a mostsolemn protest
against the admission to a seaCon this floor of
a gentleman who presents to this honorable
body the prima facie evidence of aright and
title thereto. Especially does it afford me pain
when I consider that this gentleman, who so
confidently asserts his right to a seat in this
legislative assembly, isaTennesseean, a fellow-
citizen of the same great State in whose rep-
resentation in the national Council I have the
honor to participate. And, sir, the task be-
comes still more disagreeable when I remem-
ber that the gentleman was elected by the suf-
frages of a loyal, nay, a Radical constituency,
who acknowledged him one of the leaders of the
great Radical Republican party of Tennessee.
The only apology that can be offered on
behalf of his constituency for thus electing a
man whose previous record is one of disloyalty
and instability is, that during the progress of
the war the individual votes and doings^ of
the members of the rebel legislature of Ten-
nessee were seldom ever published, and the
people were therefore kept ignorant of Mr.
Butler's conduct as a legislator. Since the
war, and at the outset of his congressional
campaign, Mr. Butler denied his record in
advance and thoroughly blinded and deceived
the people by his strenuous protestations of
loyalty and Radical faith; and gained their
entire confidence by his deep-laid schemes, his
honeyed sophistries, and the subtle persuasions
of his seductive eloquence.
Here then, sir, is a gentleman who claims a
seat in the Congress of the United States, who
was duly elected by a majority of the loyal
people of his district, and who presents to you
his certificate of election signed by the Gov-
ernor of Tennessee, and bearing upon its face
the great seal of the State. But, sir, notwith-
standing all these prima facie evidences of the
gentleman's eligibility, there are many facts
contained in the record of his conduct during
the rebellion which ought forever to exclude
him from all participation in the affairs of this
Government.
I am prepared to show how, in the course of
the rebellion, this gentleman, availing himself
of the many advantages of the chameleon, and
assuming the characteristics and instincts of
that loathsome saurian, deceived the people
with his ever-changing hues; one while show-
ing to the Union people the splendid tints of
the loyal "blue," and another while displaying
to the rebels his true color, the tawny gray 1
I shall show how, in the course of his political
intrigues, he accommodated himself to every
change that characterized the progress of the
war; how, in the palmiest days of the rebellion,
when the cause of the Union seemed
doubtful of success, and when the efforts of all
true patriots were most needed, this Christian
gentleman, this model patriot, anticipating, no
doubt, the honors, the glories, and the emolu-
ments of successful rebellion, dedicated him-
self in the capacity of a State legislator to the
cause of " southern independence, and gave
his sanction and support to almost every lm-
