1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
power in the President, and therefore the court
said that to him and to nobody else at that
time appertained the administration of that
power.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator, I
think, has misrecollected the point that was
decided. The court did not decide that Con-
gress could have conferred on the President or
any other power the right to recognize the gov-
ernment; but the court decided that Congress
might have conferred on the President or any
other power the authority to determine the fact
of an insurrection in a State.
Mr. CONKLING. I should not have referred
to that case if I had supposed it would lead
to any controversy; but, without sending for
the book, the point of that case, I undertake
to say—and I submit to be tried by the honor-
able Senator for my error if I commit any—
was this: the Governor of the State of Rhode
Island had a right to make a requisition for
troops in order to quell insurrection; and the
original question in the case was wliieh of the
two governments was the true one. By the act
of 1795 Congress had reposed in the President
the power of responding to a call for troops :
the President had responded; and the court
held that in so responding, by that act he had
determined for himself and for the Govern-
ment of the United States which was the true
government in Rhode Island. Why? Because
there resided inherently in the Executive the
power to determine that question? Not at all;
but because Congress had invested him with
the power; and the court say in so many words
that Congress might have iuvested a judge or
a court with the same power, and had Congress
done so the determination of the question by
the court or judge so invested would have had
the same virtue and the same effect as they
held attached to the determination of the Pres-
ident of the United States. But I beg my
honorable friend not to draw me into a discus-
sion of the particular point of that case any
further, as he will see that the question between
him and me is not important to the purpose for
which I introduced it. I say that it lias been
held universally by bench, bar, Government,
and people, that to Congress pertained the
power of saying which government in a State
was regular, as an elementary proposition; and
when you add to that the fact that the Senate,
in the presence of theHouse of Representatives,
is to count the votes which represent a State
organization, I think I need not argue or split
hairs with the honorable Senator in order to
come to the conclusion that in this instance, at
all events, the determination of that question is
reposed either with Congress or with the Sen-
ate sitting to count the votes in the presence
of the House of Representatives.
Now, the question arises as to the mode of
making this declaration and making it most
effectual. The honorable Senator from Ver-
mont advances a proposition which he speaks
of as coming from the Judiciary Committee,
and in a certain sense it does come from the
Judiciary Committee. It does not, however,
I violate no propriety in saying, come from any
portion of that committee, majority or minor-
ity, as a proposition without amendment to be
supported in the Senate. The honorable Sen-
ator had permission, by the votes of a majority
of the committee, to report that proposition,
those who composed that very majority saying
at the time that they reserved the right to per-
fect it, and expected it to be perfected and
changed in the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not so understand,
though it is not a matter of any very great conse-
quence. We want to get it in the best form,
and if my friend's form is the best we shall all
say " amen." The only difficulty is that a great
many of us do not see it. In committee the
measure was considered in the usual way, if it
is proper to state what occurred there, and the
honorable Senator himself moved an amend-
ment in committee which, after discussion, was
agreed to, and the measure was directed to be
reported, as I understood, in the ordinary way.
I do not mean by that that any member of the
committee is not at liberty to move to amend
it further and make it as perfect as it can be ;
but I ccrtainly do not understand it as stated
by my friend. However, he may be correct.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope we shall not get
into any controversy over so small a point. In
committee I voted that the Senator be permit-
ted to report this jointresolution, but I accom-
panied with it the statement that I would not
support it in the Senate as it stood. The
honorable Senatorfrom New Jersey [Mr. Fre-
lixgiiuysex] did the same thing, and the chair-
man of the committee [Mr. Teumbtjli,] did
the same thing. This point is of 110 importance
except that 1 do not want the Senate (this dis-
cussion having run very wide, so that Senators
cannot be expected to follow it all the way
through and give close attention to it all) to
take it for granted that either of these forms
has the approbation of the Committee 011 the
Judiciary of this body. On the contrary, we
shall all agree that the committee decided that
the measure should be reported, and that we
should perfect it in the Senate.
The joint resolution offered by the honor-
able Senator from Vermont proposes, naming
certain States, to make a special act applicable
to them and applicable to this one single case.
Why should we do that? If we are going to
declare, not to bind oursuccessors, but simply
to bind ourselves in February next, what we
will do in counting votes from certain States,
we do not need any law for that, we do not
need to wait here ten days for a veto and
struggle to pass by a two-thirds vote over a
veto such a law; we only need a concurrent
resolution. Why ? Because it would not be
designed to apply to any case except one now
before us, or to bind anybody except ourselves.
I he resolution which was passed in 1865,
although it took the form of a jointresolution,
and not a concurrent resolution, was special
and temporary. It was sent to President Lin-
coln, and he signed it, and what did he say in
doing it? He was criticised with some harsh-
ness at the time for saying that, although he
signed it, he thought it did not pertain to him
at all; that it wasamereconcurrentresolution.
I have here the message which he sent to the
two Houses, and I beg to read it, as it is very
brief:
To the honorable the Senate
and House of Representative* :
The joint rosolution entitled "Joint resolution de-
claring curtain States not entitled to representation
in thelClectoral Collogc," has been signed by the Ex-
ecutive, in deference to the view of Congress implied
in its passage and presentation to him. In his own
view, however, the two Houses of Congress, convened
under the twelfth article of the Constitution, have
complete power to exclude from counting all elect-
oral votes deemed by them to be illegal; and it is
not competent for theExecutive to defeat or obstruct
that power by a veto, as would be the case if hisac-
tion were at all essential in the matter. He disclaims
all right of the Executive to interfere in any way in
the matter of canvassing or counting electoral votea,
and he also disclaims that by signing said resolution
he has expressed any opinion on the recitals of tho
preamble, or any judgmcntof his own upon the sub-
ject of the resolution. ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Executive Mansion, February 8,1865.
Why was that? What was the idea of the
President? That here was a resolution reciting
certain facts about certain States relating to a
certain election; and if that was all that was
to be done it was not for him to express any
opinion about it or enter into it one way or the
other ; and no doubt ho felt the delicacy of his
position, as he was at that time the successful
candidate between whom and his competitor
those votes were to be counted. I agree en-
tirely that if the whole purpose is to make pro-
vision for a given case at this particular time,
and not to bind our successors^ or to make a
general provision, we need nothing except the
suggestion of Mr. Lincoln, a concurrent reso-
lution giving notice beforehand what we shall
do.
But again, the proposition of the Senator
from Vermont calls by name certain States, and
says the votes from them shall not be counted
in certain contingencies. Now, to show tho
danger of that sort of enumeration let me men-
tion that in looking over this bill I see that
Tennessee is omitted entirely. Why omit Ten-
nessee? Is there not aa much danger in Ten-
nessee of irregular action, of the interposition
of military force, of lawless invasion, and of
eloctoral votes being sent here despite that
State organization quite as hateful to the hon-
orable Senatorfrom Kentucky and as obnoxious
to his criticisms, to say the least, as the organ-
izations in the residue of these States, and quite
as liable, I may say, in the face of curreut his-
tory to be disordered and overturned as the
organization in some at least of the States which
are here enumerated?
But, Mr. President, the votes of North Car-
olina, South Carolina, Alabama, &e., are not
to be counted upon the happening of certain
things. Suppose that the same things occur
iu the State of Maryland, is the vote of Mary-
land to be counted ? Suppose they occur in
Kentucky or in New York, are the votes of
those States to be counted? If there is a
Shays in Massachusetts, or a Dorr in Rhode
Island, or a whisky insurrection in Pennsyl-
vania, or an auti-rent insurrection, which we
have had in most formidable proportions over
and over again in the State ot New Yorkj
aud they prostrate the modes of election, over-
turn regularity, and send by lawlessness and
usurpation electors to an Electoral College,
and their votes are transmitted here, are they
to be counted on this occasion, or on any
future occasion ?
In 1864, we stood upon the law as the Con-
stitution makes it; as we might have stood
upon it since but for these troublous times, full
of suspicion, of discord, of animosity, and of
elements of disturbance. But now that we
do so stand, why should we adopt a provision,
partial, special, technical, temporary, if we
are going to pass any law on the subject? 1
agreo that the amendment offered by my hon-
orable friend from Missouri [Mr. Drake] is
an improvement upon the original proposition,
and I shall vote for it with great pleasure if 1
am unable to get the consent of the Senate to
my own proposition.
Mr. FO W LER. I desire to ask the Senator
from New York whether his proposition pro-
vides that in any case New York shall not be
represented in the Electoral College? Does
he so understand it?
Mr. CONKLING. The proposition pro-
vides that the vote of no State, whether it is
New York or any other, in which the State
government has been overturned, in which
there is at the time no government under
which an election can be held or is held, can
be counted. That is precisely what the Con-
stitution says now, as I have been arguing
longer than perhaps I should, to show; for
when the Constitution says that electors shall
be chosen in such mode as the Legislature of
the State shall prescribe, if there is no legal
Legislature there, then electors cannot be
chosen and votes cannot be counted. There-
fore, it says precisely what the Constitution
declares it shall say, provided we are to declare
anything on the subject.
But I was saying that the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri goes further than the
original proposition, and it would, at least,
embrace Tennessee. I am inclined to think
it would embrace something which the Senate
are hardly contemplating; and 1 beg the Sen-
ator's attention to these words, "No State
heretofore in insurrection." The words are
not "No State heretofore declared in insur-
rection." Maryland was in insurrection ; and
literally, according to this amendment aa he
proposes it, the vote of Maryland would not
be counted at all.
Mr. DRAKE. Will my honorable friend
from New York be so good as to name the*
time when the State of Maryland was in insur-
rection ?
Mr. CONKLING. Oh yes, sir; I will name
that time. My friend, who is a lawyer, will
remember the maxim that that is certain which
can be rendered certain; and I therefore render
the time certain by referring to the occasion
when George B. McClellan, with the universal
