1868.
T0K CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
481
objectionable features of the bill I am now ;
combating. And it is impossible to believe
that any intelligent gentleman can be candid
in asserting that there is any analogy whatever
between the law read and tlie bill now betore
the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. If a quorum were pres-
ent as provided in the law there could be no
decision without the concurrence of two thirds
of the court. I say that is the philosophy of
the statute, though the gentleman may call it
a "dodge.'1
Mr. MARSHALL. It was the result of the
organization of the court. It required four to
constitute a majority, and this majority, as it
happens, was also two thirds of the whole.
But the concurrence of two thirds was neces-
sary for a decision in favor of the constitu-
tionality of an act as well as for a decision
against it. It was not a preposition to fetter
the action of the court in any respect what-
ever. There "was no provision such as that
proposed here, that an act of the Federal Con-
gress should stand although the court might
be of opinion that it was void. That is the
proposition now brought before the country
for the first time. There was nothing of that
character in the act organizing the court, and
nothing has the slightest resemblance to it. It
has no analogy whatever to the proposition
before the House at this time; and, sir, I am
astonished that a gentleman so distinguished
as the gentleman from Ohio should attempt to
palm off upon the House and the country the
idea that there is any analogy between the net
organizing the Supreme Court and the bill .
now before the House.
I was going on to say when the gentleman j
from Ohio arose that the masses of the peo-
ple differ very mufch with gentlemen on this
floor in regard to the wisdom of Congress.
Oentlemen, when they get into Congress, seem
to think that the embodied patriotism and wis-
dom of the entire nation are concentrated here.
From the declarations which are often made
upon this floor, gentlemen seem to think that
all the wisdom, all the virtue, all the law-
knowledge of this nation is concentrated here
upon the floor of this House. Now, let me
tell you, Mr. Speaker, that upon that subject
there is a very manifest difference between the
gentlemen inside of the "ring" here and the
mass of the people outside. The mass of the
people think, and to some extent justly, that
in the Halls of Congress there is often concen-
trated as much ignorance, as much prejudice,
as much want of patriotism, as much want of
real statesmanship, as is to be found in an
assemblage of the same number of gentlemen
anywhere through our broad land. Why, sir,
look at this question of reconstruction through
which Congress has been hobbling and blun-
dering for nearly three years. Measure after
measure, each declared to be and in fact beir.g
the concentrated wisdom of Congress, has been
passed one day to be repealed the next by the
same men who enacted it. Day after day,
week after week, month after mouth, the very
men enacting these laws have come forward
and admitted their utter inefficiency and inca-
pacity as legislators by repealing laws that the
day before they were ready to denounce any
man as disloyal who would not swear to their
wisdom. '
Mr. PILE. I rise to a point of order. The
gentleman is not discussing the bill before the
House. I submit that a discussion of the wis-
dom of this House and of the general charac-
ter of its legislation is not in order upon this
bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Laf-
iin.) The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Mar-
shall] will confine himself to the question
tinder consideration.
Mr. MARSHALL. Yes, sir; and I would
Kke the Speaker to decide whether I am not
confining myself to the question. I was giving
this merely as an illustration; and I shall
insist, unless the Speaker overrules me, that
my remarks were strictly within the rules of
the House.
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 31.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. ■ The Chair
does not rule that the point of order is well
taken. The gentleman from Illinois will pro-
ceed in order.
Mr. MARSHALL. Now, sir, the difference
between the House and the country is about
the same difference which existed between the
gentleman in the insane asylum and the people
outside. A visitor found an inmate who ap-
peared to be an intelligent man, who talked
well and seemed to act rationally, and he
finally asked him how it so happened that he
was confined within the walls of such an insti-
tution? "My dear sir," he replied, "it is the
result of a mere difference of opinion. I think
all the world crazy and they all think me
crazy, and being in the majority they have put
me here." [Laughter.] Gentlemen may
think they have the concentrated wisdom of
the nation, that the outside world, including
the Judges of the Supreme Court, are fools and
idiots when they give an opinion 011 a mere
constitutional question, but the majority is out-
side and they think otherwise, and you will
find it out when they come to consider the
questions you are bringing before this House.
They are of the opinion that there is very little
wisdom within the Halls of this Capitol, that
there is not an excess of legal learning, and
that there is not a superabundance of patriot-
ism free from prejudice and error. And I
think they have some little ground for their
opinion, though unhappily they include myself
in the number.
I do not claim for myself more than a very
small portion of the wisdom and legal learning
of this nation. I should be ashamed of myself,
andshouldbe willing to shrinliiutomere nothing-
ness, if I should prefer a claim to more than
this. I do not wish to do injustice to my asso-
ciates on this floor. I respect many of them
very highly for their learning and patriotism.
! But the Supreme Court, that great conservative
department of our Qovernment, cannot be des-
i troyed or emasculated without striking from
| under our system of free institutions the very
I pillar that supports them. I therefore implore
! gentlemen not to risk the rising indignation of
the people by going further with measures of
this kind.
It seems to me, and I say it in all deference,
, to be most revolutionary and dangerous in its
character, and so the great mass of the people
will consider it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have been forced into
a consideration of this question without any
preparation whatever, without any prethought
or prearrangement of my idea3; but the ques-
tion as it is brought before the House at this
time strikes me as so enormous, so_ dangerous
in its character, that I was not willing to let it
go before the country without making the pro-
test I now do against its passage.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, I ought to
have great respect for the legal profession. _ I
certainly have great respect for the adminis-
trators of the law, for it has been my lot for
the best part of half a century to be brought
in close connection with them, and I am grat-
ified to have it in my power to say on this
occasion that I am not reckoned among the
extremists of this House, men who are most
fond of innovations. Hence I hope some little
deference may be shown to my opinions on this
important subject.
Some twelve months ago I was made con-
versant with the bill drafted by my friend from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Williams,] who has just
now spoken on the subject before the House,
and who is the author of the amendment pro-
posed. The measure to which he gave incep-
tion struck me as being one beneficial to the
whole country, but I then objected, as I do
now object, to the universality of his measure,
that is, to requiring every member of the
Supreme Court of the United States to yield
his concurrence to a judgment that should im-
pugn an aet of Congress. I suggested then to
the gentleman that he should require two thirds
of the members of that high tribunal should
agree before an act of Congress regularly
passed should be invalidated. And I did it,
sir, and I now advocate that measure from the
analogy existing in the Constitution itself. We
all know when a measure is regularly passed
through the two Houses of Congress, the Son-
ate and House of Representatives, the measure
must be submitted to the chief executive, the
President of the United States, and if he re-
turns that bill with his approval it becomes
the law of the land, second only to the Con-
stitution of the United States. But, sir, if the
President in his wisdom does not see fit to
approve of the bill that has passed through
, the two Houses—what then ? Did the framers
of the Constitution presume that all the wisdom
resided with the Executive? Not at all; no
more than they could have bound you to pre-
' sumc that all the wisdom resided, in a certain
contingency, with a single justiceof the Supreme
Court of the United States.
They required that the bill should then
undergo revision, and if upon due considera-
tion it should be again passed by two thirds
of the votes of each branch of Congress it
should become the law of the land, the opin-
ion of the President to the contrary notwith-
standing. Here, then, we find in the Consti-
tution a provision requiring two thirds of the
Senate and of the House to pass a law over
the veto of the President.
Now, sir, I assume that we have in this
way and manner passed bills through the
House of Representatives and through the
Senate. They have undergone the supervis-
ion and criticism of the Executive and been
returned with his objections; and upon a re-
consideration, upon mature reflection and de-
liberation, they have been passed again by the
constitutional majority of two thirds of each
House of Congress. They then became the
law of the land just as much as if they had
received in the first instance the approval of
the Executive. «
Now, a congressional enactment thus passed
under the forms of the Constitution comes
under the review of the Supreme Court of the
United States. Of how many members does
that high tribunal consist ? A short time ago
it consisted of ten ; then nine ; and now eight.
But we have a standing law upon the statute-
book which fixes the number at seven so soon
as there shall be one vacancy created upon
the bench, by death, resignation, or other-
wise. Now take that number, and the act of
Congress, which I have assumed to have been
j enacted by two thirds of each branch, comes
| before that tribunal thus constituted. Three
j of the learned gentlemen on the bench are for
affirming the action of Congress as being, in the
the strictest sense of the term, constitutional.
Three others say it is not, in their judgment,
constitutional. Thus they stand evenly bal-
anced ; three on one side and three on the
other. What then? The fourth judge turns
the scale by giving it as his opinion that the
j enactment is unconstitutional. Thus his voice,
■ ! in fact, renders null and void the action of
i1 two thirds of the Senate and two thirds of the
House of Representatives. Is that reasonable?
Sir, I contend that the same process of reason-
j ing which would show a public utility in requir-
, ing two thirds of the Senate and House of Rep-
! resentatifes to enact a law over the opinion of
! the President of the United States requires two
thirds of the Supreme Court to reverse our
aetion on the ground of its unconstitutionality.
The question with me is, is action of this
sort on the part of Congress by itself constitu-
i tional ? That is, have we a right under the
Constitution to provide that in adjudicating
upon constitutional questions two thirds of the
Supreme Court shall unite in their opinion
before an act shall be pronounced unconstitu-
tional? If we have not the constitutional power
thus to legislate our action will be futile, be-
cause this same tribunal will scan it closely
and pass upon it, and they may pronounce it
unconstitutional. Even though it has the con-
currence of both branches of Congress and the
approval of the President the court can still
declare it unconstitutional.
