THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2889
Mr. GAKhMKLD. Tlic language of the
section is:
Such assessor so offending shall bo summarily dis-
missed from office by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue.
Now, these assessors are all under the pres-
ent law appointed by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate. Of course, if the gen-
eral change indicated in the vote to-day be
made, we could not put it in the power of the
Commissioner to dismiss persons appointed by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
Mr. SCHENCK. I thought my colleague
was referring to another section relating to the
duties of assistant assessors.
Mr. GrARFIELD. I desire that the reser-
vation shall be made with respect to all officers
whom it would clearly be beyond the power of
the Commissioner to appoint, if he be not made
the head of a department.
The CHAIRMxYN. If there be no objection
the reservation in regard to this section will
be made.
There was no objection.
Mr. GARFIELD. I also ask that by unani-
mous consent the same reservation be made
with regard to the tenth section, which involves
precisely the same question. I inadvertently
allowed that section to be passed.
Mr. SCHENCK. I object to going back.
The Clerk read the fourteenth section, as
follows:
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That every as-
sessor or assistant assessor who shall enter upon and
perform the duties of his office without haying taken
the oath or affirmation prescribed by law, or shall
willfully neglect to perform any of the duties pre-
scribed by this act at the time and in the manner
required, or shall make any false or fraudulent list
or valuation or assessment, or shall negligently or
designedly permit any violation ol the law by any
other person, or shall demand or receive any com-
pensation, fee, or reward other than is provided for
the performance of any duty, or shall be guilty of
extortion or willful oppression in office, shall, upon
complaint and proof thereof to the satisfaction of
the Commissioner, bedismissed from office, and shall,
on conviction thereof, be fined not less than $100
nor more than $500, and imprisoned not less than
three months nor more than three years. And one
half of the fine so imposed shall be for the use of
the United States, and the other half for the use ot
the informer, who shall bo ascertained by the judg-
ment of the court; and the said court shall also ren-
der judgment against the said assessor or assistant
assessor for the amount ot damages su&tainedin iavor
of the party injured, to be collected by execution.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to move to
strike out that section, and I will explain the
reason why. On acting on the different parts
of the bill and dovetailing them it was discov-
ered that the whole of section fourteen is but
a repetition of the matter contained in section
sixty-two with the exception of some two lines.
AVe propose to strike out section fourteen, and
when we come to section sixty-two to insert a
few lines.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next section, as follows:
Sec. 15. And be it further cnaetcd, That every assist-
ant assessor shall render his account lor pay and
charges allowed by law monthly, specifying each item
and the date of each day of service, and transmit the
same, verified by his oath or affirmation, to the
assessor of the district, who shall examine the same,
and, if it appear just and in accordance with law,
indorse his approval thereon. Such account when
so approved may be presented for payment by the
assistant assessor to the collector of the district acting
as disbursing agent of the Treasury, who shall pa>
the same when receipted by the assistant assessor.
"When any account, so transmitted to the assessor,
shall be objected to, in whole or in part, tbe assistant
assessor may appeal to the Commissioner ot Internal
Revenue, whose decision on the case shall be final.
And should it appear at any time that any assessor
has knowingly or negligently approved any accouut,
as aforesaid, allowing any assistant assessor a sum
larger than was due according to law, it shall be the
duty of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, upon
proper proof thereof, to deduct the sum so allowed
from any pay which may be due to such assessor, or
the Commissioner, as aforesaid, may direct a suit to
be brought in any court of competent jurisdiction
against the assessor or assistant assessor for thereco v-
ery of any amount knowingly or negligently allowed,
as hereinbefore mentioned.
Mr. PETERS. I move to amend in line
seven, after the word " thereon," by inserting
these words:
And when sworn,to before a justice ot the peace
the certificate of the oflicial character of such justice
shall be deemed sufficient evidence thercul.
Mr. Chairman, an assessor in my part of
the State goes before a justice of the peace,
and then has to go to the county court to get
a certificate that the party is a justice of the
peace.
Mr. SCHENCK. It strikes me that this is
unnecessary, as we give the revenue officers
power to administer oaths.
Mr. PETERS. Not to the assistant, but
only to the assessor.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman will turn
to section sixty-three he will find it provides as
follows:
That the Commissioner, assistant commisssoner,
deputy commissioners, and supervisors of internal
revenue, collectors and deputy collectors, and assess-
ors and assistant, assessors, are hereby authorized
to administer oaths and take testimony touching
any part of the administration of this act with which
they are respectively charged, or where such oaths
and testimony are by law authorized to be taken.
Mr. PETERS. That does not meet my
objection. An assistant assessor who desires
to make an oath to his account cannot make
it before himself, but must go before a collector
in another place.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish it were not so, but
these revenue officers are scattered all over the
country, and it cannot be conceived that it will
be difficult to find one of them to administer the
oath.
Mr. PETERS. There may be none other
in the same town. I can see no possible objec-
tion to my amendment. It is intended to reach
this case: that where an assistant collector has
sworn to his returns before a justice of the
peace and sends it to the collector, the latter
may certify his knowledge of the notoriety of
the fact that the justice of the peace is duly
commissioned to act as such. I insist upon
the amendment.
Mr. JENCKES. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. There is a conclusive answer to the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Maine. Oaths taken before a justiae of the
peace are not within any statute of the United
States subject to the penalty of perjury. If
an oath should be required by this act to be
taken before such a justice it would amount to
nothing but a certificate of a third person to
the correctness of what the collector says,
without any penalty upon the collector for false
statement or upon the justice for improper
administration of the oath. Until the statutes
in relation to perjury are revised it is not sale
to allow oaths of this kind to be taken beiore
officers of the States. It amounts to nothing.
A restriction, qualification, or duty imposed
by the law would be entirely evaded if a justice
of the peace should be allowed to administer
oaths.
The amendment of Mr. Peters was dis-
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 10. And be it farther ewwtnl, That assessors
shall each be allowed and paid a salary of Sl.oOU per
annum, payable quarterly; and, in addition thereto,
where the receipts ot the collection district shall ex-
ceed the sum of SpIUU.UUU, and shall not exceed the
sum of 5200.UG0, annually, one half ol one per cent,
upon the exce.-s ol receipts over ^100,0u0; where the
receipts of a collection distuct fiha.ll exceed ^2u0,000,
and shali not exceed >1U0,UU0, one iourth of one per
cent, upon the cxcess ot the receipts over $2U0,000;
and where the receipts shali exceed $>100,OIK), one
tenth of one per cent, upon such cxcess. And in de-
teimining the compensation t.o be allowed to any (
assessor the commission shall be computed on one j
halt of the tax on any articles which shall have been ,
transportedfrom hisdistnetmbond, and on only one ;
half of the tax on any ai tides received in his district '
in bond where such transpoitation hasbeen by ship- j
ment from one district to another, fcach assessor ]
shall be allowed and paid the sums actually and j
necessarily expended by him, vHh the approval ot
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, for office
rent - but no account of such rent shall be allowed or i
paid until it shall have been verified m such manner |
as the Commissioner shall require, and shall have <
been audited and approved by the proper officers of
the Treasury Department. And theseveral a^sors
shall be paid, alter the account thereof shall have
been rendered to and approved by theproperofficers
of the Treasury, their ncceSbary and reasonable
charges for clerk hire; but no such account shall be
approved unless it shall state the name of each cleik
employed, the time of his seivice, and the rate ot
compensation agreed upon; and evorj such account
shall be accompanied by an affidavit ol the assessor,
stating that such servicc was actually required by
the necessities of his office, and wa? actually rondoroa,
and also by the affidavit ol such clerk, stating that
he has rendered the service charged in said account
on his behalf, the compensation agreed upon, and
that he has not paid, deposited, or assigned, or con-
tracted to pay, deposit, or assign, any part of such
compensation to the use of any other person, or in
any way, directly or indirectly, paid or given, or con-
tracted to payor give, any reward or compensation for
his office or employment, or the emoluments thereof;
but no such account for clerk hire shall in any case
be presented or received attheTreasuryDepartment
for examination and allowance until alter it shall
have been approved by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, and his approval indorsed thereon. And
there shall be allowed and paid to each assistant
assessor five dollars for every day actually employed
in collecting returns and making valuations, the
number of days necessary for that purpose to be cer-
tified by the assessor, and three dollars for every
hundred persons assessed contained in the tax list, as
completed and delivered by him to the assessor, and
twenty-rive cents for each permit granted lor making
tobacco, snuff, or cigars; and the said assessors and
assistant assessors, respectively, shall be paid, alter
the account thereof shall have been rendered to and
approved by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
and the proper officers of tho Treasury, their neces-
sary and reasonable charges for stationery and blank
books used in the disehargc of their duties, and tor
postage actually paid on letters and documents re-
ceived and sent, and relating exclusively to official
business, and for money actually paid l'or publishing
notices required by this act; but no such account
shall be approved unless it shall stato the date and
the particular item of every such expenditure, and
shall be verified by the oath or affirmation of such
assessor or assistant asse^or. The compensation
herein specified shall be in full for all expenses not
otherwise particularly authorized: Provided, That
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue may fix such
additional rated ofooinpensation to bo made to assess-
ors and assistant assessors in cases where a collec-
tion district embraces more than a single congres-
sional district, and to assessors andas&istanta&se&bors
in the States of California, Nevada, and Oregon, and
in the Territories, as may appear to him to be just
and equitable, in consequencc ol the greater cost of
living and traveling in those States and in the Ter-
ritories, and as rnaj', in his judgment, be necessary
to secure the services of competent officers; but the
compensation thus allowed shall not in any case
exceed the rate of $5,000 per annum.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move as an amendment
from the committee to strike out all after the
word "rent/' in line twenty-three, down to
and including the word " account," in line
thirty, and to insert in lieu thereof the words
" and have his necessary and reasonable-
charges for clerk hire ; no account lor clerk
hire."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move farther to amend
by inserting after the word '"lor," in line
forty-five, the words " office rent or."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move further to amend
by striking out in lines fifty-five and fifty-six
the words "permit granted for making to-
bacco, snuff, and cigars," and inserting in lieu
thereof the words "certificates of registra-
tion given to a cigar-maker on payment of his
special tax."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move farther to amend
in line fifty-nine by striking out the words "and
the proper officers of the Treasury."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to amend by insert-
ing in line sixty-nine, after the word " author-
ized," the following:
Provided, Thatan assistant assessor who, by reason
of a vacancy in the office ot asse^or, is discharging
the duties of a>-ses^>i\ shall receivc the full pay and
emoluments thereof while discharging such duties.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is provided for.
Mr. BLAINE. Not in the exiting law.
There is a great deal of controveisy about it
in the Auditor's oflice ; but if it is provided
for I withdraw it.
Mr. BECK. I move to amend byinsertingin
line twenty-three, after the word "rent," the
words *' and the office furniture actually neces-
sary for the safekeeping of the papers pertaining
to his office." I offer this amendment because
I know that in many districts, and especially m
my own. papers have accumulated to such ail
extent under previous assessors that it is indis-
pensable to have the furniture necessary lor
their safekeeping. The assessor ought to be
allowed to supply himself with such furniture. I
make the suggestion because my attention has
been called to the subject by several assessors
who say that it is indispensable that they should
have some such allowance as this.
