2890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
Mr. SCHENCK. We have not thought it
advisable to extend the allowance to these
officers beyond clerk hire, and for rent and
books and stationery. But it is for the com-
mittee to determine whether any further allow-
ance shall be made. I hope the amendment
will not prevail. The next think asked for
will be a safe to keep everything secure.
Mr. BECK. If the gentleman will examine
the office of an assessor he will find that there
are papers which no safe would be large enough
to hold, papers that require a large book case
in which to keep them. These papers do not
belong to the assessor, but to the office, and
they are transmitted from one assessor to
another; they are now lying about the office,
subject to be destroyed, because no assessor
feels that he has such a tenure of office as
would enable him to provide proper furniture
for the office.
The question was taken on Mr. Beck's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move in line
fifty to strike out the word ''five" and insert
" tour" in lieu thereof, so as to provide that
the compensation of assistant assessors shall
be four dollars a day instead of five dollars a
day, and 1 wish to say a word or two in sup-
port of my motion.
Mr. Chairman, I have no doubt but that in
some of the large cities, where the expenses
of living are great, and in the States of the
Pacific and in some of the Territories, we ought
to allow five dollars a day, and perhaps in some
of them more, and I would be willing to make
provision for all such cases as that. But I say
to the committee that in nine tenths of all the
districts of the United States five dollars a
day is a greater compensation than is paid for
equal talent in almost any other branch of
business.
Now, sir, I undertake to say that in most
of the States the pay of a mechanic does not
exceed three dollars a day, and when the me-
chanics of this country are receiving only three
dollars a day and are taxed to pay five dollars
a day to gentlemen with no more capacity and
for performing services not half as arduous,
they have a right to complain, and they will
complain. I say that five dollars a day is
thirty-three and one third per cent, more than
the compensation that is paid to the average
of the preachers in the United States, and
thirty three and one third per cent, more than
is paid to the average of the principals of our
Union schools in the State of Ohio.
Now, sir, I would be willing to pay a just
compensation for this and for all services that
may be rendered to the Government; but if
there is any one subject upon which there is
just complaint among the people it is this,
that the expenses of collecting the revenue are
too great, and that there are too many ofiicers
in the revenue service.
Mr. O'NEILL. I wish to ask the gentle-
man if he will not make an exception in the
case of assistant assessors living in cities?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I have just
said that I would.
Mr. O'NEILL. Will he not do it in his
amendment ?
_ Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Let it be pro-
vided for elsewhere. 1 have no doubt that
you cannot make a uniform rule that will do
justice by having the same compensation all
over the United States.
Mr. BLAINE. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that the assistant assessors in his
district should be paid less than the assistant
assessors in cities?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. No, sir; I said
no such thing. I said there were some assist-
ant assessors in cities who ought to have a
greater compensation. Will the gentleman
say that the same compensation ought to be
paid everywhere?
Mr. BLAINE. I am not for giving a single
assessor ill any State in the United States a
dollar more out of the public Treasury than his
services are worth.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. There are
places in the United States where men must
necessarily pay more to live than in other
places. I am not proposing to increase the
compensation of anybody. My proposition is
to reduce it to four dollars a day ; and if I had
the power I would make it still less. I had
hoped that the eloquent voice of my colleague,
who came here upon the labor question, [Mr.
Caky,] would have been heard upon this and
similar subjects.
Mr. BLAINE. Your colleague cannot get
a chance to come in.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. In the
rural districts, which comprise a great deal of
territory, though the expense of living there
may not be so great as in cities, the assistant
assessor is subjected to agreatdeal of expense
in traveling over the district.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. He is paid his
traveling expenses. My proposition now is
to make the compensation uniform at four dol-
lars per day. I will not commit myself upon
the question whether I will be in favor of giv-
ing more to assessors in cities or not.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. O'NEILL. I asked the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] a question, and
from his answer I found that he was willing to
pay assessors in cities at the rate of five dollars
a day. Now, 1 think these officers are enti-
tled to the same compensation wherever they
may be. And I know that in a city where the
assistant assessor does his business thoroughly
a compensation of five dollars a day is not too
much.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. O'NEILL. Certainly.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I would ask
the gentleman how much a good mechanic gets
in Philadelphia ?
Mr. O'NEILL. From four to five dollars
a day.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Should the
assessor in Philadelphia have any more than
a good mechanic?
Mr. O'NEILL. I believe that the assessors
should have just what their services are worth.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Yes; but are
their services worth more than the services of
a good mechanic?
Mr. O'NEILL. I was going on to say that
I think these officers deserve just such com-
pensation as their services are worth; and I
will say that the duties of assistant assessors
have been performed much better since they
have been receiving their present compensa-
tion than they were before when the compen-
sation was less. In our cities these officers are
employed all the time.
Mr. BLAINE. But the city assessors have
compact districts about which they travel on
horse-cars at the rate of two or three cents a
mile; while in the country they have to keep
or hire a team at a much greater expense.
Mr. RANDALL. Let me correct the gen-
tleman. In the cities they usually have free
tickets on the horse-cars.
Mr. O'NEILL. Well, I do not object to
their having that advantage. In the cities they
are employed all the day, and in the evening
they have to put the result of their day's work
in writing.
I wish the assessors and collectors generally
were as good men and as faithful to the inter-
ests of the Government as they should be. I
wish the inspectors of the revenue were more
! generally good men. And I know one way in
; which we could get good men, at least as far
| as my district is concerned. Jf I was permit-
j ted to select the men in my district I would
j guaranty that the revenue would be properly
i collected. If the Department would act on my
i recommendation as to who should, be the in-
spector or the assistant collector, or who should
carry on the business in a subordinate capacity
under the collectors of revenue in my district,
I would guaranty to select such men as would
collect it. And that would take from the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means the
vast labor he is now performing in endeavor-
ing to remodel the revenue system of the
country.
We have been trying for years to perfect our
revenue system, and I give due credit to the
Committee of Ways and .Means for their labors
upon this subject. I shall stand by their bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment of Mr. Lawrexce, of Ohio,
was not agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to
amend by striking out in the eightieth line of
this section the word 14 five," and inserting
"four," so as to make the last clause of the
section read, " but the compensation thus
allowed shall not in any case exceed the rate
of $1,000 per annum."
I ask the Clerk to read the proviso of this
section, so that the committee may understand
the exact bearing of this amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That the Comissioner of Internal Rev-
enue may lix &ueh additional rates uf compensation
to be made to assessors and assistant a-sessors in
cases where a collection district embraces more than
a siuslo congressional district, and io assessors and
assistant assessors in the States oi California, Nevada,
and OieKon, and in the Territories, as may aupear
to him to be just and eauitaljle, in consequence of
the greater cost of livins and traveling in those
States anduitheTemtoiies.and as may.m his .judg-
ment. be necessary to secuie the services of compe-
tent officers, but the compensation thus allowed shall
not iu any case exceed the rate of 86,000 per annum.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
when I said a short time ago that I would be
wiliiug to give some additional compensation
to the assessors in the Pacific States and the
large cities, I did so out of deference to a
provision already incorporated in this bill, and
which has just been read by the Clerk. 1 was
not sure of the propriety of the bill iu this
respect, or of the necessity of such increased
compensation in particular localities: but I
am very certain that in most of the districts of
the United States the compensation provided
in this bill is too great.
Now, sir, as the Committee of the Whole
has voted down the amendment which I before
offered, I hope it will pause before refusing to
adopt that which I now submit. It, will be seen
that under this provision of the bill assessors
and assistant assessors may have a compensa-
tion which reaches $5,000 a year. I undertake
to say, Mr. Chairman, that this is more than
ought to be raised by taxation from the people
of the United States to pay for the services of
these officers. I know something of the man-
ner in which the duties of these officers are per-
formed. 1 do not propose to disparage^ their
merits or qualifications or the value of their ser-
vices ; but 1 do say that we are making by our
laws too much difference between the compensa-
tion paid to ofiicers of the Government and the
compensation which can be earned by the men
performing the labor of this country. The
mechanics and laborers of the United States
do not receive a compensation at all propor-
tionate to that which is paid for official services.
I want either that the wages of labor shall be
leveled up or that the pay of public officers
shall be leveled down.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I rise to
oppose the amendment. In the first place, I
desire to acquit the committee of any extraor-
dinary transgression, by referring to the fact
that this provision is precisely that contained
in the present law, except that wc have limited
its operation to those States and Territories in
which there is a gold currency.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Will my col-
'! league let me ask him a question-?
: Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
| Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Does my col-
li league think it right that men should be paid
!; $5,000 in gold a year when they are only paid
li five dollars a day in Ohio in •'greenbacks?"
j| Mr. SCHENCK. I will reply by saying that
|j none of the salaries are payable in gold, but in
ii '• greenbacks," except the salaries of_ naval
jj officers m foreign lands and officers in the
jl diplomatic service. Iu Oregon, Nevada, and
il California, and in the Territories, while the
