1968:
me oomsxmmM globs.
gens of different States Congress steps it* and
shv.s that if in a claim by a citizen of one State
against a citizen of another State the sum
involved be less than five hundred dollars tho
case shall not be brought in a United States
court at all. it' Congress can adopt such a
provision as that it certainly can say that in a
decision upon a high Constitutional question
the concurrence of a certain number of judges
more than a bare majority shall be necessary.
1 do not doubt the right of Congress to require
the concurrence of every member of the court;
bat 1 do not deem it expedient under the cir-
cumstances to require the concorreneeof more
than two thirds. I think this a very conven-
ient number, and I shall vote for the bill M
reported by the Judiciary Committee.
JAr. BINGHAM obtained the ttoor.
Mr. W i LSON, of lewa. Will the gentleman
yield to me'that 1 mat offer an amendment?
Mr. BiNGttAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON,-of lowtu I move to amend
the amendment of the committee by adding
thereto the following":
Provided, knottier. That if any circuit or district
court of the Uoiled States ahull adjudge anyaet of
Corners** (4 be MuquuiilUmiooal or invalid. the judg-
ment, before auy further proceedings shall be bad
upon it, shall be certified up to the Supreme Court
ot till' Uoiled Sutatud ahull beconsidered therein;
au<l ii m>b Ui# c^ututi^ration thereof two tuirilt of
all the members ot the Supreme Court a lull not ntlirio
said judgment below the same shall be declared and
bchl reversed.
The SPEAKER. There ?s already pending
an amendment to the amendment of the com-
mittee. The amendment of the gentleman from
Jowa can be entertained only by unanimous
consent.
There wks'tto objection.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I would
greatly have preferred that this question, im-
portant a8 it is, had been discussed in some
other spirit than the mere partisan spirit which
characterized the speech of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall;] ana 1 deeply
regret that that gentleman, or any other mem-
ber of this House, in discussing questions of
so grave import, touching as they do the Con-
stitution of the country and the obligations of
the representatives of the people, should as-
sume in advance, as the gentlemun did assume
for himself and the party which he represents,
that he and his party are the only guardians
of the Constitution and of the sacred rights
of the people. Wbatever'any other gentleman
may sir or concede to this arrogant assump-
tion I do not recognize the title of the gen-
tleman to pronpnnee judgment upon us all in
the name of all the people of the United
States. I tell the gentleman, once for all,
that the people speak for themgelves and by
themselves; and frem their judgment there
lies no appeal, either to the Congress or to
the court. I beg leave further to remind the
gentleman when he undertakes to lecture us
about the sanctity of the Supreme Court of
the United States that it never was challenged
before the American people, so far as 1 am
advised, until it dared to descend from its high
place in the discussion and decision of purely
judicial question* to the settlement of political
questions which it has do more right to decide
for the American people than has the Court of
St. Petersburg.
Mr. M Alls HALL. Will the gentleman
yield to me a moment?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. MARSHALL. I would'like the gentle-
man to state who is to determine tfce question
as to what powers the Supreme Court of the
United States has; and when that court does
make a mistake in any particular where the
Federal Congress gets the power to subvert
and destroy that department of the Govern-
ment and all its powers?
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman baa asked
two questions in one. The first was answered
by my venerable and able colleague from the
Cleveland district [Mr. SpaldinoJ in a manner
which no man can controvert. The answer
given stands not only upon the text of the
Constitution, that the judicial power of the
United States shall be Tested in one Supreme
Court and Such inferior courts as the Congress*
may ordain, which my colleague cited for the
instruction of the gentleman ; but it stands as
well upon the sound decision of that Supreme
Court itself in'the case of Marbuiy t?s. Madison,
when it was presided over by tltat peerless
man, [Marshall,J than wliortj a1 nobler never
wore the judicial ermine in any age or arty
country. In that case and many others it was
held that Congress cannot confer original
jurisdiction on the Supreme Court in other
cases th&n those affecting ambassadors, other
public ministers and consuls, and those in
which a State shall be a party, and that in all
other cases the Supreme Court has only appel-
late jurisdiction, subject to such exceptions
and regulations as Congress may make:
Sir, the Constitution itself has answered tlie
gentleman's first question as to the jurisdiction
of the Supreme Court, original and appellate.
1 now wish to answer the gentleman's second
interrogatory. He seems to assume thete aTe
tribunals Of this Country above the people
who created tliein. Does the gentleman at.
this time of day, in the high ttdon of the
nineteenth century, asfaume to declare that the
servant is greater than his lord? I tell the
gentleman there is a tribunal before which your
Supreme Court is compelled to answer, and
was compelled to answer in the years of grace
185Tand 1858.
Mr. MARSHALL. WiH the gentleman
yield to me?
Mr. BINGHAM. I wis% to finish my an-
swer to tiie second question, and then 1 will
yield.
Mr. MARSHALL. He puts a question to
me, and i wish to answerit right here.
Mr. BINGHAM. What is it?
" Mr. MARSHALL. If the gentleman wants
to know where the Supreme Court, Or any
court, get the'right of rising above the people,
i say that there is one, and it is the gentle-
man's party, where is concentrated all the
power Above and outside of the 'Constitution,
in defiance of the Supreme Court and in defi-
ance of the people.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman is not ask-
ing me any question. He is making an accu-
sation like that he made in the first place. It
is to that I take exception. Sir, while I con-
cede to the gentleman the utmost fidelity in
the discharge of his official duty here accord-
ing to his judgment and conscience, I deny his
right to Stand here and assume that those with
whom f act trample the Constitution under
foot I hold myself the peer of the gentleman
or any other man who volunteers to become
my accuser in the discharge of my duties on
this floor.
Now, sir; I recur again to the responsibility
of the Supreme Court to the people. It will
be a sad day for American institutions and for
the sacred cause of representative government
among men, when any tribunal in this land
created by the will of the people shall be above
and Superior to the people's power. The Su-
preme Court, sir, disgraced not only itself as a
tribunal of justice, but it disgraced our common
humanity, when it mouthed from that high seat
sacred to justice the horrid blasphemy that
there were human beings either in this land
or in any land who had no rights which white
men were bound to respect.
Mr. PRUYN. No, sir.
* Mr. MARSHALL. The Supreme Court
never held any such doctrine.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand it did not
bold-. X do not say it held. I said it mouthed
the horrid blasphemy (laughter) that there
were men. unoffending men, who had no rights
whieh white men were bound to respect. I
know it was not s decision; it was a blas-
phemy whieh should blast and paralyze the
tongue that utters it.
Mr. PRUVN rose.
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sfK
■ Mr. ROBINSON, i call the gentleman to
order. There are two questions of order:
first, it is not in order for the gentleman to
make find a charge a&ainst a Coordinate branilf
of our Government as mouthing blasphemy.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. He cannot say how the gentle-
man, shall limit his speech.
Mr. ROBINSON. My other point ia that
gentlemen who stand around the speaker shall
take their 6eats. [Laughter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not intend to be di-
verted from my purpose by these interruptions.
I say, Mr. Speaker Irom that action of the
Supreme Court of the United States an appeal
was taken to the public opinion of this coun-
try—that public opinion which creates Con-
gresses and courts and ordains and establishes
constitutions. The people, sir, from the furthest
East, where the citizens of the Republic keep
watch at the gates of the mprntug. to the
furthest West, where they keep watch at! tha
going down of the sun, pronounced Such a <fei
Cree of condemnation upon this atrocious judi-
cial utterance as had never befbre been pro-
nounced anywhere upon the faee of ihe earth,
save in that day two centuries ago', when the
brave people from whose loins we are descended
compelled that judicial monster, Jeffreys, who
boasted his three hundred judicial murders,
to besnlear his face in lamp-black aud call
upon the train-bands to trundle him through
the streets of London and shield him within the
walls of the tower from the outraged intellect
tfnd Conscience of England's heroes, who had
in keeping England's glory, England's hohor,
and England's equat and impartial justice 1 t
- The American people by Ihe silent majesty
Wit omnipotent pdwei' of the ballot pronouirced
just such a judgment'of condemnation upon
your American Jeffreys. Tnat judgment of
condemnation struck into the adamant of the
past, and no question of order raised Here or
elsewhere can ever strike it out. There it is,
and there it will be forever. That just, solemn
decree of condemnation is trrepealable. The
rights of the people of this country are to be
respected, ana those whom they send to this
Congress are clothed by the Constitution with
power to compet even the Supreme Court lo
respect those rights, ahd to that end, if need be,
to reduce that court to a single person, if you
please, and thereby compel unanimity at least
in a decision which may. deny the people's
rights and violate the people's laws. ..It will
not do for any man who ever read the Con>ti-
ttition of the United States and understands
the plainest words of our mother tongue to rjse
in his place here and say that the Congress, of
the United States ca,ntiot reduce that tribunal
to a single'Judge, or, if you please, to but two
or three judges. Who is ready to rise in his
place hefe and say, in the light of the text of
the first Section of the third article of the Con-
stitution, which declares that the judicial power
shall be vested in a Supreme Court and in such
inferior courts as Congress may establish, that
by law you may not declare it shall consist of
three ? And when you have done that is not the
two-third rule established? or to two, andtheu
must not thedecision be unanimous? In such
a case if the judges were not all present could
any judgment be pronounced at all, and if both
judges be present could there be judgment
without unanimity? And if by law you may so
organize this court that there must be una-
nimity may you not by law establish the^wo-
third rule in judgments affecting the nation's
right to make Jaws? What objection is there
to it? -
The gentleman 'must find some other objec- ■
tion than his statement, ad captandum, that
this is a violation of the Constitution of the
United States. I call his attention "to the
fact—and I believe it was not accidental—that
in the first Congress under the Constitution of
the United States, composed, as gentlemen
well know, largely of those illustrious men
who made your matchless Constitution, the law
by which tjie Supreme Court was ergaoized
provided tliat the court should. consist of six
judges, by whom if all were present no judg-
ment could be pronounced on any queatiou
> whatever, much less upon a grave question
