1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1887
owned two plantations in Florida, one called
"Auld Lang Syne," upon which Port Crane
was built, and another not far off called the
" Sweetwater." .,As I have said, the Govern-
ment built Fort Crane upon the first-named
plantation and occupied it with troops.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. In what
year ?
Mrl COBB. More than athird of a century
ago, in 1832-33. Witnesses swore that at
the time the Government troops were there
there were_ large quantities of corn and sugar-
cane growing upon the plantation, and that a
large number of horses, hogs, cattle, and mules
were running at large through the country,
supposed to belong to these estates, thegreater
part to the Sweetwater plantation, which was
not occupied by the troops at all. They be-
lieved that the Indians fired some of the build-
ings and drove off the horses and mules, and
that they did it because General Clinch had
allowed United States t&oops to encamp upon
one of his estates; that these Indians, making
it a personal and political matter against Gen-
eral Clinch, fired one of hisplantationsbecause
he allowed Uncle Sam to occupy the other.
That'is about all there is of it.
Mr. HOPKINS. I understand my colleague
to state this bill has never been examined by
the Committee of Claims. I wish him to state
what examination was given to it.
Mr. COBB. I do not know to what extent
I am authorized in making an explanation of
what occurred in the committee.
The SPEAKER. .The gentleman cannot
state what occurred in the committee-room.
Mr. HOPKINS. I do not ask my colleague
to state what occurred in the committee-room.
I only ask him to state the conclusions reached
by the committee. 1 want to hear what were
the results reached by the committee.
The SPEAKER. That is to be found in
their report.
Mr. WARD. Does my colleague on the
committee state that this was not examined by
ihe committee?
Mr. HOPKINS. I understood him to say so.
Mr. WARD. I am surprised my colleague
should make such a statement.
Mr. HOLMAN. I did not so understand
the gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. COBB. Not a single one of these papers
was ever read in the committee or ever exam-
ined, or any report of any fact ever made by
any sub-committee to the Committee of Claims.
. Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a point of order.
Without any reflection upon the gentleman, I
must protest against the statement of what
occurred in the committee-room, as it is clearly
out of order.
• The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. It is not in order to allude on
the floor to anything that has taken place in
the committee unless by written report sanc-
tioned by a majority of the committee. That
is the rule of the House.
Mr. COBB. I have been endeavoring to
state what did not occur in the committee. I
have declined to state what did. [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman cannot
do indirectly what he cannot do directly.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. COBB. It would not be in order ac-
cording to the rules, and certainly it would
not be in order upon any rule of propriety, or,
I might say, common decency, to state what
has been said on this subject in committee and
out of committee. This is a claim based sim-
ply upon lobbying, nothing elser-_not upon evi-
dence, not upon facts, not upon justice. But,
sir, as I am confined to so short a time I will
not attempt to enlarge upon this subject.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am perfectly willing, so
far as I am concerned, that my friend should
take whatever reasonable time he may deem
necessary. I do not wish to restrict him in
any legitimate debate. -
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. Let
.us take a vote.
The SPEAKER. How much time does the
gentleman from Indiana yield?
Mr. HOLMAN. Five minutes longer.
Mr. COBB. Mr. Speaker, it is difficult to
attack a claim upon which no fa$ts have been
presented and urged by any one. I was appre-
hensive that the gentleman would call the pre-
vious question without any affirmative state-
ment being made on the part of the friends of
the bill of the grounds upon which the claim
is based. I should have preferred to have
listened to whatever might be said in favor of
the bill and made my remarks in opposition
thereto. But I have done all I expected to do
when I call the attention of the House to the
anomalous character of this claim. It is an
old Seminole war claim which was before Con-
gress in one shape or another for a great num-
ber of years. Permission was given to go to
the Department, and at one time permission
was given to go to the Court of Claims; but the
claim never passed either branch of Congress.
It is now brought up at a time when the table
of the Committee of Claims is groaning with
just claims from all parts of the country. It
is brought up at a time when the committee
arc obliged to report against hundreds and
thousands of claims of parties whose houses
and property were taken possession of for the
use of the Army during the war. It is made at
a time when these numerous claims are pre-
sented upon which we confessedly cannot grant
relief. It is made at a time when there are
hundreds of cases before the committee of
spoliations committed bj Indian tribes, cases
where emigrants to California and Oregon have
been robbed of all their earthly possessions,
and we are compelled to answer to their ap-
plication that the Government does not and
cannot pay that kind of claim. At such a time
this claim of more than one third of a century
old is taken up, and by working upon the sym-
pathies of this House it is sought to be forced
through, purporting to be based upon the gal-
lant services of a general in the Army who
happens to be the husband of one of the heirs
who succeed to this old shadow of a claim.
It is suggested that some of these heirs are
rebels. It is true they reside and have resided
in the rebel States; and 1 desire to state, upon
the authority of a member of the Committee
of Claims, not now in his seat, the member
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Mercub,] that the
person who is prosecuting this claim, and who
has succeeded in getting a report in his favor,
has stated that although assignments of the
claims of the other heirs were made to Mrs.
Anderson, yet, if the bill passes, she will con-
sider herself in honor bound to share the
money with the rest of the heirs. That is a
fact which it is well for the House to know.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the preamble
to this bill be read, so that the House may see
the grounds on which it rests.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas Eliza B. Anderson, wife of Major Gen-
eral Robert Anderson, and daughter and heir-at-
law of the late Duncan L. Clinch, deceased, has
an equitable claim, in her own right, to the exclu-
sion of all other heirs of said Clinoh, against thetrov-
ernmentof tho United States, they having released
all demands in tho premises; and whereas the family
of said Robert Anderson need for their support the
amount which she may be entitled to, now, therefore,
in consideration of the premises, and in considera-
tion of the distinguished servioes of said Major Rob-
ert Anderson, and his pormanent disability: be it
enacted, &c.
Mr. HOLMAN. I yield to the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire simply to say
that the House was long ago satisfied that the
father of this petitioner had an equitable claim
against the Government of the United States.
It was so understood and was so reported long
ago in the Senate of the United States. But
the father died, and, war intervening, the claim
was not liquidated. The amount, as is well
stated in the report of the Senate, cannot be
very decisively ascertained. It did appear,
however, before the committee that there were
unsettled equities to which this lady was clearly
entitled by all the usage and practices of the
Government, and the case itself not being
within any of the rules which have recently
been adopted by the House for the- protection
of the Government against claims for damages
arising from the ordinary ravages of war the
committee thought it their duty to report the
bill. But in this connection I would do- in-
justice to myself, and injustice to the commit-
tee that reported this bill, if I were not to
remind the House of what is recited in the
preamble to the bill, and that is that the family
of Major General Anderson is in compara-
tively destitute circumstances, that it is young,
in need of education as well as of support,
that the father of the house is a wreck, an
absolute wreck, dying day by clay, solely owing
to the fact that he stood with his seventy brave
associates within the walls of your doomed
Fort Sumter when all its quarters were on
fire and the angel of death swept over him,
and was saved alive only by the intervention
of that good Being whose invisible presence
saved him, and saved through him a country
for us all.
I submit to the House, under circumstances
of this sort, whether it would be wise or proper
to ignore the recitals of this preamble, and,
notwithstanding the admitted fact3 often re-
corded in the councils of the nation that there
is an outstanding equity, reject the bill. I was
satisfied with the bill as it passed tho House
before. I am satisfied with it as it comes back
to tho House to-day, and I am ready to record
my vote in support of it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BANKS. What is the position of this
bill before the House?
The SPEAKER. Tho question is on agree-
ing to the report of the committee of confer-
ence which has been agreed to by the Senate.
Mr. BANKS. Then it is not in a condition
to be amended so as to include other cases ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The report of
the committee of conference must be agreed to
or rejected as a whole.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me that the
suggestion of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts is unnecessary in this connection, for it is
very elcar that no case of exactly tho same
character could occur in tho present condition
of our history. I wish to say to the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Conn] that the Commit-
tee of Claims—and I say it with reference to
all of them—have been reasonably cautious
and certainly very prudent in their investiga-
tion of claims, and the majority of the com-
mittee,! may say withoutimpropriety, believed
that there was a foundation for this claim of
the heirs of General Clinch, and they fixed the
amount due at $10,000. The Senate, on the
other hand, insisted on$15,000as theamount;
and the question referred to the committee of
conference was between ten and fifteen thou-
sand dollars. The House, by a unanimous
vote, without a dissenting voice, passed the
bill allowing $10,000; and although, I trust,
I generally display great care in the investiga-
tion of claims against the Government, yet,
with the facts before the country which have
been referred to by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bixoxiam,] 1 was not willing, as a mem-
ber of the committee, to higgle upon the ques-
tion of the amount between ten and fifteen
thousand dollars.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I would
ask the gentleman from Indiana if there was
not a bill passed many years ago for the relief
of General Clinch for this very property?
Mr. HOLMAN. It is true that there was a
bill passed for the relief of General Clinch as
far back probably as 1840 or 1845.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Whatfor?
Mr. HOLMAN. It was for property de-
stroyed by the Indians, but it was not for the
injury done to the real estate, and I submit to
the gentleman from Wisconsin that by th<5
uniform practice of the Government up to the
late war in regard to the war of the revolution
and subsequent wars property destroyed by
the enemyin consequence of itseco.upation by
