1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36t
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Relief from Disabilities—Mr. Mullins.
Ho. of Reps.
amend " An act to abate the suits of aliens,"
passed July 1, 1861. which bill provided that
so much ot the said act as required the suits
of all citizens of the United States (the '• aliens"
mentioned in the bill) then pending in the
courts of Tennessee, to be dismissed, should
be repealed; that said suits might be prose-
cuted to final judgment, and that such final
judgment should inure to the benefit of the so-
called confederate Statesunder the "sequestra-
tion law."
a bill to amend "An act to abate suits of aliens,"
passed 1st July, 1861.
Be it enacted by the General Assembly of the State of
Tennessee, That so much of said act as requires suits
then pending in behalf of citizens of the United
States to bo dismissed is hereby l epealed, and said
suits may be prosecuted to final judgment. This aet
shall take effect immediately.
Indorsed: Mr.Butler. Strike out "immediately,"
and insert "from and after its passage."
Amendment to house bill No, 9, to be inserted im-
mediately after the words "final judgment:" which
judgment shall inure to the benefit ot the confede-
rate States, under the sequestration law, and that
fact shall be stated on the record.
Indorsed: "Adopted October 12."
Thus it will be seen that the gentleman, by
giving his assent to this measure, defrauded
many loyal citizens of the northern States of
their just claims against the merchants and
other citizens of Tennessee, and appropriated
the money to the use of the rebellion.
On the 11th of October, 18(>1, Mr. Butler
gave his vote for a bill to amend an act passed
June 25, 1861, entitled "An act to raise and
equip a provisional force, and for other pur-
poses," which bill was passed.
"Wednesday Moexixc,, October 9,1861.
"Mr. Osborne intioduced house bill No. 6, to be
entitled 'An act to amend an act passed June 25,
1861. entitled "An act to raise nnd equip a provis-
ional force, and for other pui poses;"' which was read
a fiint time and passed.
" [The a bove is to be found in Book No. 1, page 26—
Secrrtcu y State.]
" Friday Morning, October 11,18G1.
"House Bills on second reading.
"House bill No. 0 was read a second time, and the
amendment recommended by the eommittee, strik-
ing out the first section of the bill, was, on motion of
Mr. Martin, of Wilson, concurred in, and the bill
pas=ed—yeas 53. nays 13.
"Representatives voting in the affirmative are:
Messrs. Butler, Carr, Carter," &c.
This "provisional force" was raised, organ-
ized, and equipped for the. purpose of repelling
the invasions of the Union armies upon the
soil of Tennessee.
When, in 1861, at the request and by the
authority of the Government of the United
States, the Union men of upper East Tennes-
see had burned the btidges of the East Tennes-
see and Virginia railroad in order to retard
the movements of the rebel armies in Virginia;
and when the rebel authorities at Nashville and
thoughout the State were mad with rage and
thirsting for the blood of those brave patriots
who so daringly struck the blow, Mr. Butler,
upon the floor of the house of representatives
at Nashville, in the strongest teinis and in a
spirit of the bitterest malignity, denounced the
peipetratots of that most righteous deed, and
declared that they ought to be hunted down
like wild beasts and brought to condign pun-
ishment.
Who ou<;ht to be brought to condign pun-
ishment? Those brave, dauntless Unionists
who, at the behest of their Government, and
although being in the very heart of the rebel-
lion, dared to strike a blow for their struggling
country ? To what punishment should they be
brought.? To the punishment of the rope, the
bullet, and the gibbet.! And not a few, ajas!
of those brave men did suiter such a punish-
ment for that act of injury to the rebel cause.
Some time in 1861 or 1862, when the rebel-
lion was at the highest of its vigor and its
prospects of success were brightest, Mr. Butler
addressed a certain letter from Nashville to
Colonel J. G. Fellers, of Carter county, Ten-
nessee, than whom there is not a more honor-
able, loyal, and patriotic gentleman in East
Tennessee. This letter set forth, in substance,
that the independence of the southern confed-
eracy was then a fixed fact; that it was useless
for the people of East Tennessee to adhere
any longer to their Union principles; and that
r.ow, while a fair opportunity offered itself to
redeem their characters, so odious to their
secession neighbors, they should forever re-
nounce their fidelity to a Union which no longer
existed, and join hand and heart with their
patriotic fellow-citizens of the South (the
rebels) in the cause of southern independence!
He therefore proposed to Colonel Fellers
that if he would aid him in enlisting enough
men in the counties of Johnson and Carter to
constitute a full regiment for the rebel service,
of which force Mr. Butler was to be colonel,
lie (Colonel Fellers) should be lieutenant col-
onel of such regiment. Colonel Fellers was
highly incensed at such a proposition and
treated it with utter contempt.
Mr. Butler subsequently made propositions
verbally to Hon. E. Simerley, another Union
man of Carter county, who can testify to such
fact. Now, if the gentleman, as he tries to
establish, intended only to deceive the rebels
with the pretense of raising such regiment for
their service, and when organized to send
them through the lines to the Federal Army,
why did he not communicate such intention to
Colonel Fellersand Mr. Simerley when he made
them the propositions? They were Union men,
they were worthy of his confidence, and the
propositions made were strictly private. They
would never have betrayed him in sueh a
a design; and how could he have expected
their cooperation in such an enterprise without
communicating to them at first his alleged true
intentions? No, sir; the gentleman was evi-
dently in grave earnest as to raising a regiment
to seive the rebel governuient; the circum-
stances will not admit of any other conclusion.
The letter I have mentioned was read at that
time by several reliable persons, by whom, as
well as by Colonel Fellers himself, its contents,
as just stated in substance, can be thoroughly
established.
These are some of the many samples of the
gentleman's acts of disloyalty and hostility to
the Governmentof the United States for which
he now professes so much deep reverence
and devotion.
Sueh is the gentleman's record up to Febru-
ary 15, 1862. About this date, Sunday, Feb-
ruary 16, 1862, to the great consternation
and surprise of Harris and his legislature (of
which Mr. Butler was then a member) the news
of the fall of Fort Donelson reached Nashville.
Instantly the whole city is thrown into the
wildest confusion and dismay. The bells of
the different churches, in which rebel congre-
gations had gathered to pay their hollow devo-
tions to the God of the universe by invoking
the destroying wrath of Heaven upon the
armies of the Union, were sending forth their
wildest peals of alarm. The rebel citizens,
bonified, dismayed, and pale with terror, are
running from street to street, not knowing
where to hide their guilty heads, as though
the archangel of God was sounding the last
trump of the resurrection! Harris and his
band of guilty conspirators hastily convene at
the capitol: the city of Memphis is fixed as
the scene of their future operations ; a precip-
itate flight is next agreed upon, and that de-
voted body of southern patriots is at once dis-
solved. The capitol is plundered, and its
archives and movable property conveyed to
the cars. A confused, terrified, surging mul-
titude, consisting of his rebel excellency, his
late august assembly, and his many citizen
adherents, assemble in hotch-pot at the rail-
road depot; a victorious Union Army is thun-
dering almost at the very gates of the terror-
stricken metropolis.
The cars are boarded in hot haste, the signal
given, and off they fly on the wings of steam
toward the city of Memphis. Nashville is soon
entered by the loyal and victorious troops of
General Buell. and the stars and stripes once
more float, from the capitol of Tennessee I But
in the midst of these great events, so pleasing
and so glorious to every loyal patriot of Tennes-
see and the whole country, where do we find
this Union-loving gentleman who so persist-
ently lays claim to a clear and irreproachable
record? Did he embrace the opportunity that
beckoned him to fly to the arms of his friends
in the Union Army at Nashville? Did he
throw off the galling yoke of rebel oppression
and duress which he claims to have been forced
to wear, and did he place himself under the
protecting ajgis of the Government he now pro-
fesses to adore? No! Instead of gladly re-
maining in Nashville wilh the few faithful that
were found there to welcome the advent of the
loyal conqueror, and to greet with triumphant
shouts the starry folds of that dear old ensign
of American liberty, he fled likeaguilty crim-
inal who dreads the stern justice and retribu-
tions of the law, and we next find him more
than three hundred miles from Nashville atvay
up in the mountains of East Tennessee among
his constituency! Why did he fly from Nash-
ville at the approach of the Federal Army ?
Were they not his friends? Was not their
cause his cause? Was he not a Union man?
Had he not consented to become a member
of the rebel legislature under Governor Har-
ris merely to check and retard as much as
possible a series of legislative enactments so
destructive to the lives and property of his
loyal constituents, and to protect with the in-
fluence of his position the Union people of
Tennessee? Had he ever done a single act
voluntarily to the injury of the Union cause?
Did he not love the Union and revere the Gov-
ernment of our fathers, and did he not worship
its flag? Was not his escutcheon bright, his
recoid clean and unimpeachable? Undoubt-
edly the gentleman claims such a record. But
if all this is true, why did he fly? That is the
question, and there is the rub. No, sir ! He
(led from his loyal countrymen because of the
secret though terrible condemnations of a
guilty conscience, which makes cowards of us
all! He dreaded to face the majesty of his Gov-
ernment, which he had offended and injured,
anda jnstand expected punishment for crimes
which he knew he had committed I
He fled to the bosom of a loyal constituency,
it is true. But did he long remain there? Did
he share with them their misfortunes, their
perils and hardships?—did he conceal him-
self, as they had to do, in the dens and coverts
of the rock-ribbed mountains to escape the
vengeance of those blood-thirsty minions of
treason who were daily plundering the com-
munity and murdering the inhabitants. No,
sir. Instead of this, where do we next find
him, and what is he doing? Contrary to every-
thing we might naturally expect of a Union
man, as he piofesses to have been, we find Mr.
Butler, in obedience to the cull of the rebel
Governor Harris to convene at Memphis, steal-
ing from his Union friends at home, and sneak-
ing. like a sheep-killing spaniel, away around
to the south of Nashville, through Alabama
and northern Mississippi, and making a cir-
cuit of near a thousand miles in order to reach
Memphis, the then new confederate capita! of
Tennessee, where he again joined bis rebel
coadjutors in their dark conclaves to plot, as
usual, against the life of this Republic.
Sir, can there be any clearer evidence of the
gentleman's voluntary complicity in the crimes
of rebellion? Could any stronger or more
overwhelming proof be desired to establish the
guilt of his intentions? Yet in the very face
of this dark record he took and subscribed the
following oath which is required by a law ot
the State to be taken by candidates for Con-
gress :
ike Butler.do most solemnly swear that i have
never voluntarily borno arms against the Govern-
