isea
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2891
salaries are paid in "greenbacks,'1 their ex-
penses are in gold, so that in fact the officers
there reccive only two thirds of the limitation
of $0,000 instead of $5,000—less, in fact, than
$4,000. _
This limitation has not been abased. Efforts
have been made to extend it, but they have
not succeeded. We know n■> reason for
making it larger or smaller, and therefore we
have reported it as it is for the reasons I have
stated.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Is there any pro-
vision in the bill that these assistant assessors
shall have extra pay for traveling expenses?
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir.
The question was taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. .Lawrence, of Ohio, and it was
rejected, only thirty voting in favor thereof.
Mr. ELA. I move in line two. page sixteen,
to strike out " fifteen," and in lieu thereof to
insert " ten," so it will provide that assessors
shall each be allowed and paid a salary of
$1,000 per annum.
Mr. Chairman, I know something of this
matter of assessing and collecting taxes, and I
know that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Lawrexoe] is correct. The greatest com-
plaint of the people about taxation to-day, as
it has always been, is in reference to the amount
paid to officers engaged in the assessing and
collection of the revenue ; and so long as you
shall continue to pay these officers more than
they can get in any other avocation, so long
will the people find fault and complain.
In regard to assistant assessors, gentlemen
tell you that they have their horses to go over
the district. If they do, the habit has been$o
charge a day for their horse as well as for
themselves. In the cities they charge full
time, which offsets all these advantages in favor
of the country.
Under the old law the pay was four dollars
a day. It was raised from three dollars to
four dollars. Afterward they made an addi-
tion to men assessing out of their own town,
and they received five dollars a day. This pro-
poses to give five dollars a day indiscrimin-
ately.
In regard to the assessment of taxes I have
no doubt, the ability is greater than in the col-
lection, for whicli higher rates are paid ; but
so long as you can getas good ability at a much
less late, and while the paying of these high
salaries causes complaint on the part of the
people, I think the best thing we can do is to
bring down the pay of these officers to what
they can get in other avocations and do away
with the constant rush to get th#e offices where
ever there is a vacancy.
Now, under this bill the committee have cut
down the pay of assessors who assess over
$1,000,000 from $3,800 to $3,100 a year, while
they leave the pay of collectors where it is at
present. 'Jake the income taxes from all
places. Take the income tax of this city, and
you'will find not three hundred people who get
as much for their services with all the receipts
from their investments as these officers.^ I took
the income of a city of ten thousand inhabit-
ants, and but one hundred people had an in-
come exceeding $2,000, including not only
receipts from personal exertions, but receipts
from all their investments.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I wish to oppose the
amendment. It seems to me it would have
been better had the Committee of Ways and
Means increased the salaries for assessors
where the aggregate collected does not exceed
$400,000. Now, I take it there is scarce any
man of talent, employed by private enterprise
in the United States who does that amount of
labor, controlling or handling that amount of
capital, who is not better paid. _ The assessor is
a more important officer in this Government
than the collector. He is the man who laysthe
foundation upon which the revenue is collected.
If you have a worthless assessor it matters not
how good a collector you have.
Mr. MAYNARD. Do you propose any
change?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am not going to advo-
cate any change. I am simply sayug that I
am surprised that the committee did not bring
in a provision so that an assessor who returns
an assessment upon which $400,000 should be
collected should receive more than $2;500. In
the eighth district of New York, where the
assessment and collection amounts to some
five million dollars, the officer receives for his
compensation over seven thousand dollars per
annum. He does less labor and has r.o more
responsibility than the collector in a district
where the collection does'not exceed $400,000,
and yet he gets nearly three times as much pay.
Now, I cannot see the equity of that.
But I do not propose to disturb the bill. I
am opposing the amendment of the gentleman
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Ela,] who pro-
poses that the pay shall be $1,000. That may
pay for talent in New Hampshire; but it will
not pay a good assessor in Illinois. Anywhere
in the country an honest man, capable of dis-
charging the duties of this office, can get more
than $1,000 a year in any kind of business.
A Member. How about perquisites?
Mr. INGERSOLL. They would not amount
to much, unless the officerdoes alarge amount
of business. The perquisites are at a decreas-
ing rate above a certain amount, and they do not
amount to much unless the collection is large.
Now, if you want to get good and efficient col-
lectors of the revenue, pay your officers a rea-
sonable salary. Do not give them poor, nig-
gardly pay. I am surpr'sed that the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Lawiik.xoe] has proposed
to reduce the pay to four dollars a day, espe-
cially when he does not himself do as much
labor as the assessor in his district does, and
yet he receives more than twelve dollars a day.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Reluctantly.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Reluctantly, yet the
gentleman takes it. I hope the amendment
will be withdrawn and the compensation will
be allowed to stand where the committee putit.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I move to insert " $1,100"
instead of " $1,000." ft seems to me that this
amount ought to be adopted. The salaries of
the assessors, on the basis established by this
section, will average from $3,000 to $3,500, if
the fixed compensation is reduced to $1,000.
Mre INGERSOLL. I would ask the gen-
tleman what is the greatest amount of revenue
collected if! any collection district of Indiana.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I suppose about one mil-
lion five hundred thousand.
Mr. BLAINE. In one district?
Mr. IIOLMAN. In one district.
Mr. BLAINE. Have you a district that
gives that?
Mr. HOLMAN. In my colleague's district
the distilling interest paid $000,000 tax in one
year.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I doubt if it amounted
to one third of that.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not wish to be under-
stood as speaking advisedly on the subject, but
if you reduce the fixed compensation to $1,000,
I believe, taking into consideration the nature
of the duties performed, the entire amount of
pay will exceed that generally given in the
States for services requiring the same degree
of ability and responsibility. I think nothing
can be more unwise, nothing will be more cal-
culated to exasperate the people against the
whole revenue system, than an invidious com-
parison between the compensation paid to
Federal officers and that paid to State offi-
cers for similar service. I think it is greatly
to be deplored that the people now are able
to point to manifest instances of extrava-
gance by the General Government in connec-
tion with the revenue, while the present state
of affairs calls for more severe and rigid econ-
omy. There is no responsibility, or scarcely
any responsibility in connection with this office.
The argument urged in favor of a large salary
for the collector has 110 foice in connection
with the assessor. The real labor of his duties
is performed by the assistant assessors, and I
undertake to say, judging of this office, from
the generality of the officers throughout the
country, that a salary of $2,500 will secure the
intelligence and integrity necessary for the
performance of these duties in every district
throughout the country. I hope that this
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before we get through I
think it will be found very important that gen-
tlemen should know what the present law is
and what is proposed, and what it is that is
sought, to be amended in each instance.
Now, sir, what is the salary proposed by this
bill for an assessor? How does it compare
with the present law? The salary proposed
is a reduction from the existing law on the
subject. Under the existing law, after a salary
of $1,500, the assessor receives an addition of
half of one per cent, on his assessments up to
$200,000, and one fourth of one par cent,
after that for $200,000 ; that is, up to $400,000.
We have retained the figures of $1,500 as the
salary to start with for every assessor; but we
have reduced the half of one per cent.; so that
it shall only be counted above $100,000 and
up to $200,000, and the quarter of one per
cent, on the next $200,000, bringing it up to
$400,000. IIow will that result? The man
who assesses $100,000 or less—which is the
ease in a good many of the little districts
throughout the United States—will receive
$1,500, all the assessors starting from that
point. The man who assesses $100,000 more
will receive half of one per cent, on that,
which will increase his compensation $500, and
bring it up to $2,000. The man who assesses
$200,000 more, and brings his assessment up
to the average assessment throughout the Uni-
ted States, will reach $2,500. After that we
have allowed one tenth of one per cent, to the
man who assesses $1,000,000, which will bring
his salary ud to $3,100; and if he runs up to
$5,000,000, that will give him $7,100. It may
be assumed, then, that from two thousand to
twenty-five hundred dollai's will be the aver-
age salary; that is, an assessment of from
$200,000 up to $400,000, or, perhaps, you
might say that the average will run up to
$2,500, which will be the compensation for the
man who assesses to the amount of $400,000.
Is this too much? I think not.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman*]
differs from me, and, I think, from the general
judgment on this subject, when he says that the
assessor fills an office of no great responsibility.
Why, sir, all through your internal revenue
laws, the assessor discharges amost important
function. It is not only upon him that we
depend for determining what it is that shall be
made the basis upon which we are to build up
our whole system of collecting the revenue,
but we make him, for a great many purposes,
a judicial officer. He bears all his own ex-
penses. He has no allowance for anything
excepting clerk hire and office rent at his place
of business. To whatever portions of the dis-
trict he may be called, to whatever duty he may
be required to turn his attention, for whatever
he may do in the supervision of his assistants,
he receives no additional compensation what-
ever. And 1 hold, in reference to all these
internal revenue officers that we are providing
for, that it is wise, while we are not extrava-
gant and do not pay large salaries, to pay
respectable salaries, so as to secure good ser-
vices of good men, and at the same time lift
those men at least above the ordinary tempta-
tions which they will be subjected to if we
attempt to bring them down to some starving
point.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. MILLER. I move to amend the amount
named in the section by adding to it one dol-
lar. I rise merely to say that 1 agree with the
honorable chairman of the Committee or Ways
and Means [Mr. Schenck] that the assessors
ought to be allowed a lair compensation. J.
agree that it is a very important office, and that
none but honest men should be selected to fill
the office, and they should receive a fair com-
pensation. And if we give a fair compensa-
tion we can secure honest and competent men
