368
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 20,
Ho. of Reps.
Contested-Election Case—Mr. Trimble.
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
merit of tho United States for the purpose or with
the intention of aiding the late rebellion, nor have
I, with any such intention, at any time given aid,
comfort, counsel, or encouragement to -'.aid rebellion,
or to any act of hostility to tho Government of the
United States.
I further swear th.it I have never sought or ac-
cepted any oiiice, either civil or military, or attempted
to exereiso tlie functions of any office, either civil or
military, under the authority or pretended authority
of the so-called confederate States of America, hos-
tile or opposed to the authority of the United States
Government, with the intent and desire to aid said
rebellion ; and that I have never given a voluntary
support to any such government or authority. So
help me God. R. R. BUTLER.
Sworn to and subscribed to before me, this 21st day
of June, A. D. 1867.
. JONATHAN LAWRENCE,
«Tushce of the Peace for Jefferson county.
Sir, how could the gentleman escape the
condemnation of a court of justice upon a
charge of perjury with such evidence as this
before them ? Have not the honorable Com-
mittee of Elections already pronounced him
"guilty " in declaring him unable to take an
oath which, in substance, he has already taken?
Does he not already stand convicted before the
country of violating a law which forbids men
to swear falsely? How can the gentleman,
after having voluntarily become a candidate
for the rebel legislature of 1861-02, and after
having voluntarily taken an oath, as a mem-
ber of that body, to support the pretended con-
stitution of the so-called confederate States ;
after having voted for the appropriation of
men and money to the rebel cause, and vol-
untarily proposed various measures looking
to the promotion of the rebellion ; after hav-
ing made a speech in the house denouncing
Union men for burning the bridges of the
rebels at the request of the United States Gov-
ernment, and declaring that they should be
hunted down and brought to "condign pun-
ishment;" after having attempted to draw
Union men into thedesign which he had formed
of raising a regiment tor the rebel service ;
after having fled from Nashville at the approach
of the Union Army, joined Harris and his legis-
lature at Memphis, and persisted thereafter in
legislative acts hostile and injurious to the
United States Government—how can he sol-
emnly swear before Almighty God that he
" never sought nor accepted any office, either
civil or military, or attempted to exercise the
functions of any office, either civil or military,
under the authority or pretended authority of
the so-called confederate States of America,
hostile or opposed to the said United States
Government, with the intent and desire to aid
said rebellion, and that he never gave a vol-
untary support to any such Government or
authority ?"
"Whatever doubts might be entertained in
favor of Mr. Butler's intention as a Unionist
uj3 to the fall of Port Dorielson and capture
of Nashville, they are completely dissipated
when we consider his shameful refusal to
remain at Nashville within the Federal lines,
his disgraceful flight, and his subsequent pres-
ence at Memphis in the rebel legislature.
But, sir, however revolting the gentleman's
record of political crimes, as thus far traced,
may appear, I do not, hesitate to say that its
facts must sink into utter insignificance when
taken in comparison with what I have yet to
charge and to prove by the printed evidence at
hand.
In this age of Christian civilization, in this
land of Bibles, whose humanizing influences
now out like streams of living water to soften
and to soothe the wicked hearts of men, to
teach them to love peace and gentleness, to
hate crime, and to elevate them to that sub-
lime standard of virtue to which God origin-
ally intended and still desires mankind to
attain ; in this gloiious era of Divine revela
tion which teaches man his true relations to his
fellow-men and to his God, which warns him
of sin, of righteousness, and of judgment, and
which points him continually to that bloody
cross on which an agonizing Saviour expired
for his sins: what, Iaslc, does aChristian com-
munity in this age think of a man who can
coolly and deliberately plot, and by trifling
rewards procure the assassination of his fellow-
being? Such, sir, is the charge I prefer, and
propose to prove against the gentleman who
claims a seat in the great council of this
nation ; and here is the proof:
['Question. Please state if Johnson county, where
said it.R.Butler resided, was not iniested by a rebel
company of home guards, commanded by William
K. AVaugh, and if you, while in the United States
Army, was not ordered to come to said county, and
while in said county if it did not become necessary
to kill said Captain Wauerh, and if you did not kill
him, and what took place between you and said
Butler relative to said killing ?
_ "Answer. Johnson county, where said Butler re-
sides, was infested by arebelcoinuanyof homoguards.
commanded by William K. Waugh, and whilo be-
longing to the United States Army X was ordered to
come into said county; and while there it became
necessary to kill said Captain Waugh; and I did kill
said Captain Waugh; and after 1 returned to the
Federal Army I told said Butler that I had killed
said Captain Waugh; hctold inclliad donethe best
tiling 1 ovei did ill my life, and told me to go to the
store in Kuoxvillo and help myself to the finestpair
of boots in tho store; and 1 did so.
"Further deponent saith not."
"Question. You say in your book (page 289) that
Sam. McQueen, Greene Moore, and other rebels of
Johnson county, had entered into a conspiracy to
kill all the Union men of Johnson county and burn
their houses. Please state if R. R. Butler did not
come to you at Knoxville and agree if you would go
through the rebel lines and go to Johnson county
and kill said McQueen, that he would make you a
present of a fine military suit, and if you did not
agree so to do ?
"Answer. lie did agree,if I would go through and
kill McQueen, he would give mo a suit of military
clothes; X did go through the rebel lines and made
the effort, but tailed."
In these two instances Mr. Butler accord-
ing to his own proof, is legally and morally
guilty of the subornation of assassination, and
is, therefore, just as much an assassin as those
who committed and attempted to commit the
infamous deed!
Ill the history of all great criminals it is
their first and greatest aim to conceal, by
every artifice that devilish ingenuity can fab-
ricate, their dark deeds of villainy and mur-
der. However vile and depraved, however
lost to all sentiments of common humanity,
they dread to be held up in the glaring light
of truth to the gaze of mankind, as a spec-
tacle of ignomy, and an object of universal
execration. But this gentleman, unlike the
common villain, despising the shame and con-
demnation of public opinion, disdaining the
contempt of all good men, scorning the spirit
of Christian civilization, and mocking at the
law which punishes the assassin, comes up
before the Congress of the United States, and
with a blushless, shameless face, with all the
brazen effrontery of a devil incarnate, points
to the bloody garments of his murdered fel-
low-man, and says, "This is my deed ; this is
my recommendation to a seat in Congress;
this is the proof of my loyalty! "
Will this honorable body accept the gentle-
man's complicity in the crime of assassination
as a proof of his loyalty and as a virtue? Will
they admit to a seat in the Congress of the
American Republic a man who is shown to be
a traitor, a perjurer, and an assassin? If this
is the course you propose, if this is the pre-
cedent you intend to establish, go exhume
from a dark and ignominious grave the decay-
ing bones of the assassin who, in an hour of
national rejoicing, struck down our beloved,
our lamented Lincoln, and plunged the nation
into the depths of a mighty sorrow ; gather up
his bones, build a splendid mausoleum to his
fame, place them in its sacred vault, and in
letters of gold, let this epitaph perpetuate his
glory: '"To the memory of Booth, the assas-
sin of an American President!" Best not till jj
you have rescued from the condemnation of jj
all mankind, and exhalted to honor and to
glory the memory of every murderer, every i
assassin that ever stained with his deeds of ;i
blood the historic page! The victims of the "
gentleman's unholy revenge were rebels, -it is
true ; they may have richly deserved death as
a penalty for their offenses. But was there
not a free and open field in which the gentle-
man might have displayed his valor and fleshed
his maiden sword in honorable warfare ? Or
if he did not choose this method of chastising
them, were there no laws of the land of which
the gentleman might have availed himself as a
means of his vengeance, instead of resorting to
a crime blacker than treason itself, of which no
man but a coward was ever known to be guilty.
And how peculiarly ill does it become the
gentleman to allege their rebelism, with all its
attendant crimes, as the reasons which impelled
him to procure their assassination! Is he not,
in a great measure, responsible for their dis-
loyalty in his various treasonable acts in the
Legislature; in his public expression of trea-
sonable sentiments ; ill his proposition to raise
and become the colonel of a regiment of his
fellow-citizens for the rebel service? Is it not
reasonable to suppose that by such an example,
by such encouragements, many of his coun-
trymen would become rebels? And yet the
gentleman voluntarily brings up and displays
to the world his complicity in their murder as
a recommendation to a seat in this Congress,
and as a proof of his loyalty ! I have said
what I have said not out of any motives of a
personal character, but from a sense of duty
to my constituency and to my country; and if
the gentleman is offended I feel'that I am not
responsible ; jt is his record that has spoken,
not I. I believe that the test-oath is a bar-
rier absolutely necessary to the purity of the
national council, and no man who cannot take
it without swearing falsely ought to be admitted
to a seat as one of its members.
Contested-Election Case.
SPEECH OF HON. L. S. TfilMBLE,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
June 20, 1868.
The House having under consideration the con-
tested-election case of MeKee vs. Young.-froni the
ninth congressional district of Kentucky-
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky, said:
Mr. Speaker : I do not expect in the time that
is allowed me to be able to discuss either satis-
factorily to myself or so as to do justice to its
importance, the question under consideration.
It involves the right of the people of the ninth
congressional district of Kentucky to a Repre-
sentative of their own choice in the Congress of
the United States. The Constitution of the Uni-
ted States fixes all the qualifications necessary
to entitle a member to a seat on this floor :
"Sec. 2. TheHouseof Representatives shall be com-
posed oi members chosen every second year by the
people of the several States, and the electors in each
State shall have the qualifications requisite for elect-
ors of the most numerous branch of the State Legis-
lature.
"No person shall be a Representative who shall not
have attained the age of twenty-fivo years, and been
seven years a citizen of the United States-, and who
shall not, when elected.be an inhabitantofthat State
in which he shall be chosen. Representatives and
duect taxes shall be apportioned among the several
tetates, which may be included within this Union,
according to their respective numbers."
John D. Young, more than twenty-five years
of agej a native-born citizen of the State of
Kentucky, and at the time a citizen of the
mnth congressional district of the State of
Kentucky, elected a member of this House by
a majority of 1,479 votes cast for him in con-
formity to the laws of Kentucky, with the cer-
tificate of the Governor of Kentucky, in due
form of law, presents himself at the bar of
'his House, and offers to take the oath pre-
scribed by the Constitution, with the addi-
tional oath known as the test-oath, as follows :
" That hereafter every person elected or appointed
to any officeofhonor or proQfc undertheG-overnmect
