1888
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
Marcli 134
the Government of tlie United States has beei
regarded as the subject of compensation.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It ap-
pears from the statement of the gentleman
from Indiana that an appropriation was made
as far back as 1841 to General Clinch for prop-
erty destroyed by the Indians. This question
was alt then fresh before the country ; it was
fresh before that Congress^ If he was entitled
to any further appropriation why was it not
made then and there ?
Mr. HOLMAN. It will require more time
than I now have to go fully into details. But
there was no pretense that that appropriation
covered the whole extent of this claim.
Mr. COBB. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly.
Mr. COBB. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question relating to a statement he has made,
lie says, what is very true, that as early as
1840 or 1841 a bill was passed to compen-
sate General Clinch for the personal prop-
erty destroyed by Indians, soldiers, &c. Now
I wish to ask the gentleman if he has exam-
ined these papers, and if he can state to this
House the amount of damage growing out of
the destruction by burning of houses, &c., as
estimated by any witness or anybody?
Mr. HOLMAN. I think the testimony sub-
stantially proves—I do not say that you can
get at the exact sum with any great degree of
certainty—the testimony substantially proves
that the loss sustained by General Clinch was
about thirty thousand dollars. I will say fur-
ther that there can be no question as to there
being a substantial claim in behalf of General
Clinch against the Government independent
of the appropriation referred to. Upon thct
point I think no gentleman who has examined
these papers cau entertain any doubt. The
gentlemen connected with the other branch of
Congress have examined this subject with great
care and thoroughness, and they have approved
this appropriation; they have regarded the
proof as satisfactory and conclusive that the
amountof damagesreached the sum of $30,000.
For myself, 1 hold that there is a clear and
manifest equity in behalf of the heirs of Gen-
eral Clinch against the Government for a very
considerable amount of money; that that
claim, Whatever it is, is the exclusive property
of Mrs. Anderson. And in consideration of
the services rendered to the country by her
distinguished husband, which can never be
overlooked by this country, taking all these
Bistters into consideration, his services, his
circumstances in life, &c,, recited in the pre-
amble of this bill, I, for Bay own part, predi-
cate this bill upon all these facts.
Now, as to the amount, I say that this
House cannot well afford to higgle when a
claim is of a nature like this. It seems to me
that, regarding all the facts, there can be noth-
ing more ungraceful or ungrateful ori the part
of the Government of the United States than
to hesitate about any act that would express
the highest conceivable appreciation of the
services rendered by this distinguished officer,
especially when you consider the time and the
circumstances when his services were rendered,
and which have connected his name indissolu-
bly with the history of this Republic.
Mr. BINGHAM. Let us have a vote.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must insist upon the
previous question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I want
to inquire of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Holman] whether he puts this claim upon the
ground of the distinguished services to which
he has referred, or whether he advocates it as
a just claim.?
Mr. HOLMAN. I put it upon both those
grounds.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. There
have already passed six private bills for the
relief of Duncan L. Clinch.
Mr. HOLMAN. I say that this claim itself
is well established.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. If the
gentleman will bring in a bill granting a pension
to General Anderson I will vote for it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I base this claim upon all
the grounds recited in the preamble.
Mr. BING&HAM. I hope we will have a
vote on this matter.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call the previous question
upon agreeing to the report of the committee
of conference.
The question was then taken upon second-
ing the previous question; and upon a division
there were—ayes 46, noes 68.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holjian and
Mr. Washburn, of Wisconsin, were appointed.
Before the tellers took their stations,
Mr. HOLMAN said: I desire to make a
suggestion, which I think will be concurred in
by gentlemen on all sides of the House. I
suggest that the report of the committee of
conference be agreed to, with an amendment
reducing the amount from $15,000 to $10,000.
yThe SPEAKER. The report of the commit-
tee of conference cannot be amended by the
House. The House can reject the report and
ask the appointment of another committee of
conference.
Mr. HOLMAN. Cannot the House amend-
ment to the Senate bill be amended so as to
fix the amount at $10,000?
The SPEAKER. If the House should re-
ject the conference report, which has already
been agreed to by the Senate, the bill will then
be before the House for further action.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope we shall agree
that the House amendment 
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holmas}]
to consent that the report of the conferees
shall be considered as rejected,
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. If tiier'e is no objection
the conference report will be considered as
rejected.
There was no objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now move that the House
recedefrom its amendment and agree to the bill,
with an amendment striking out "$15,000"
and inserting " $10,000." 1 trust there will be
no objection to this, and that the bill will be
permitted to pass in this form.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move that the House insist on its amendment,
and ask the appointment of another committee
of conference.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust my friend from
Massachusetts will withdraw that motion. The
same object can be accomplished by my mo-
tion. It will only be necessary for the Senate
to agree to the amendment of the House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Must
there not, Mr. Speaker, be another committee
of conference ?
The SPEAKER. There need not be if the
Senate should concur in the action of the
House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Then
I withdraw my motion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now call the previous
question on my motion. I trust there will be
no objection to passing the bill with the amend-
ment I have proposed.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the bill be
laid on the table.
On the motion there were—ayes 53, noes68.
Mr. COBB. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
impeachment of tub president.
Mr. MAYNARD. Before the yeas and nays
are taken I ask unanimous consent to offer the
following resolution, which I believe is a ques-
tion of privilege:
Besohed, That until otherwise ordered, the House,
in Committee of the Whole, headed by the chair-
man, appear at the bar of the Senate each day pend-
ing the trial of the impeachment of the President of
the United States at the commencement of the day's
proceedings, and remain until the close, and then re-
turn to the Hall.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. LAFLIN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the_ Committee on Printing the
following resolution:
Rezohstd, Th at the Con greSsional Printer be directed
to furnish five copies of the trial of impeachment of
the President of the United States in hook form to
each member of the House the next morning after
its publication in the Daily Globe, and to print and
bind five thousand copies when completed for tho
members of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This reso-
lution provides that these copies shall be fur-
nished to members the " next morning" after
the publication in the Globe. I would like to
know at what time we are to get them.
Mr. LAFLIN. At nine o'clock.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Say eight
o'clock. I want to have this document at
breakfast time. [Laughter. ]
Mr. L A F LI N. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw the demand for the previous ques-
tion, that I may offer my proposition as an
amendment.
Mr. LAFLIN. I must decline to withdraw
the demand.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to rfecousider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. If gentlemen will not
consent to let the resolution of the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] be adopted,
in order that the House may go to the Senate
as a Committee of the Whole, I move that we
now adjourn.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise td a question of
privilege.
The SPEAKER. No question of privilege
can be interposed against a motion to adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD. I withdraw my motion
for a moment.
Mr. SCHENCK. Some moments ago,
when the resolution of the gentleman from
Tennessee was presented, I rose to inquire
(though I could not at that time on account of
the confusion get the attention of the Speaker)
whether the proposition that the House attend
in a body the impeachment trial is not a ques-
tion of privilege, as connected with the course
of the impeachment.
The SPEAKER. It is a question of privi-
lege. But the House has ordered the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay on the table the bill
for the relief of the heirs of the late Duncan L.
Clinch, deceased ; and the Chair does not know
how that order can be interfered with except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would very much pre-
fer that the resolution of the gentleman from
Tennessee should be adopted; and, if the
House will permit him to offer it, I will for
that purpose withdraw the motion to adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I would suggest that the
difficulty about the gentleman's resolution is
that the House is not at this time prepared to
resolve that it will attend the trial every day.
Mr. MAYNARD. The resolution simply
provides that we shall attend regularly " until
otherwise ordered." The House can at any
time order otherwise.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will inform the
House that, according to his information, at
one o'clock, when the Senate has organized as
a court for the trial of the impeachment, a
message will be sent inviting the House of
Representatives to accompany the managers
to the bar of the Senate, where seats will be
provided for the members generally as well as
the managers.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the House take a recess until we have
notice from the Senate. If the House under-
takes to have a call of the yeas and nays we
cannot stop it when the notice comes, hut must
carry it through.
