484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS
January 13,
of the constitutionality of an act passed by
this Congress, without the concurrence of two
thirds of that court.
The gentleman ventured to say that this
statement of mine was a dodge. He is cer-
tainly entitled to his opinion ; but I did not
intend it as a dodge. 1 intended to be under-
stood in saying what I did that Washington
and the first Congress had so organized that
court that if all the judges were present no
judgment could be pronounced whatever with-
out the assent of two thirds of all the members
of the court.
Mr. MARSHALL. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman if the court was not so organized that
it would have required just the same number
of judges to decide a law valid under the Con-
stitution as to decide it invalid?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir; I admit if they
decided a law to be constitutional they de-
cided it to be valid, and if they decided it to
be unconstitutional they decided it to be in-
valid. [Laughter.]
Mr. MARSHALL. I would like to state
very briefly why I consider this bill unconsti-
tional.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, sir.
Mr. MARSHALL. The court is compelled
to decide questions that are brought before it.
The Constitution declares that the Constitu-
tion itself shall be the supreme law of the
land. Now, wheu a question involving the i
right of a citizen is brought before the court !
they are bound to look into this act of Con- :
gress in the light of the Constitution. They
may entertain a view of the right of the citizen
under the Constitution, but this law is inter-
posed and prohibits them from giving their
decision in accordance with that opinion.
Therefore I say this bill is in violation of the
provisions of the Constitution. i
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, sir, I have every
respect for the gentleman's opinions, but for
the life of me I am not able to discover how
he makes it out that it is not constitutional to
declare to-morrow that the Supreme Court shail
consist of only three judges, to wit: the Chief !
Justice and two justices. It is written plainly j
in the Constitution, and there is an end of it. j
If in 1789 they could make that court consist !
of six judges, who is here to say we cannot
make it consist of three ? I beg leave to say
here, conceding the gentleman to be entitled
to his opinion, and assuming that I am equally
entitled to mine, that in my opinion the
American people will never assent to the
gentleman's proposition. While the Constitu-
tion remains as it is, the people will claim and
exercise the right of declaring that that court
shall consist of no greater number of judges
than they choose to prescribe by law.
Sir,.my further answer to the gentleman is,
that it the people have not the power thus to
take security for the protection of their own
rights and the rights of the humblest citizen
in this laud, then God help them, for there
can be no higher protector upon the earth
of the rights of all than the great people of
the Republic who ordained by their Constitu-
tion that the only manner in which their
courts of justice should be organized, should
be according to their own will declared by
their own law. That people's greatest security
is in just laws of their own enactment faith-
fully observed and enforced by their own tri-
bunals of justice.
I stand, then, sir, for the Constitution as it is
written; I stand for it precisely as it was inter-
preted by its founders; and I desire for one, as
a representative of the people, so to provide
by law as that hereafter the Supreme Court of
the United States shall not dare to disregard
a solemn enactment of the people even on the
pretense that it is violative of the Constitution,
save by the concurrence of two thirds of all
the members of that court. I have reasons,
very strong reasons, for insisting upon such
legislation. I consider the utterance in the
Dred Scott case, to which I have already
referred, as furnishiig a substantial reason for
Bach legislation. I do not stop now at the
going down of the sun to ask gentlemen to
consider the terrible consequences that fol-
lowed in the train of that lawless uud atro-
cious announcement.
Mr. Speaker, I beg leave to say another
word touching the present, and immediate
necessity of this legislation. I refer to, the
great question pressing upon us this moment,
and which touches the future safety of the
Republic, the ameudmeut of the Constitution,
already ratiiied by twenty million freemen,
and the efforts made by gentlemen, I will not
say upon this floor, tor I am aware that I
have not witnessed any such effort upon this
floor, but made by gentlemen throughout the
country who hold influential positions socially
and influential positions politically among the
people, to the effect, among other things,
that this essential amendment cannot become
part of the fundamental law even by the con-
sent and formal ratification of all the people
of the twenty-seven organized States. Yes,
sir, we are told that the great people who, by a
sacrifice of blood, such a sacrifice as never
before was made in the defense of any Gov-
ernment since man was upon the earth, saved
i the Republic, cannot perpetuate it by laws.
This great and victorious people, we are told,
cannot amend their own Constitution without
the concurrence of some, at least, of the disor-
ganized communities who but yesterday rushed
into war with arms in their hands and attempted
! to -batter down the holy temple of our liberties.
! I desire this law to be passed so that that ques-
tion shall only be touched, if at all, by the con-
! senting voice of two thirds of the judges of that
court; and then, if they dare to do it, let an
appeal again be taken from their atrocious
decision to the people. I know, and I owe it to
myself to say it, there are now, in that high tri-
! bunal judges who never would sanction suck
judicial atrocity. Would it not be a judicial
atrocity to adjudge that the nation has no rights
which traitors and secessionists are bound to
respect?
I stand here to-day to affirm it as a fact in
American history as clear as the light in the
Heavensthatneversince Washington appended
his signature to the Constitution, and took the
oath in presence of God and his country to
Ereserve, protect, and defend it, up to this
our, was there a moment when there was an
American nationality at all save through organ-
ized, adhering constitutional State govern-
ments. The States that adhere, the States
that do not secede, the States that do not revolt,
I the States that do not foreswear themselves in
j the persons of all their executive, all their
'judicial, and all their legislative officers, alone
j have the right to amend the Constitution and
i to pass laws under it, and, so help me God,
II am ready for one to-day, notwithstand-
j ing the gentleman's warning, to throw this
i issue before the country and await the decision
whether the ten States lately in insurrection,
i if they do not choose to organize, if they do
j not choose to elect representatives and Govern-
j ors and judicial officers, and do not choose to
[ qualify as is required by the terms of our Fede-
' ral Constitution, and which they have refused
i to do for four years of blood and strife and
carnage, are to look on and laugh like fiends
; in our faces and tell us that they constitute
more than one fourth of the thirty-seven States
of this Union, and must be consulted more or
less before the remaining twenty-seven loyal
States of this Union, whose shields are all
white, shall amend their own fundamental law.
The gentleman, I trust, understands by this
time something of the importance that attaches
to this issue. I hope the issue will be made
speedily; I am ready to go upon it to the
country ; I am ready to fight the battle upon it
at the polls, and I am willing to abide the
result.. The gentleman's proclamations of
defeat in advance have no terrors for me. I
wish him to understand he is no more a prophet
of God or of the people than any other man of
his stature. [Great laughter.] The people
alone can decide this question, and to the peo-
ple I make the appeal.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I
do not intend to occupy more than live or ten
minutes in the discussion of this question, and
as I shall have an hour at my disposal after
the previous question shall have been seconded,
I propose to let other gentlemen who desire to
debate the question occupy most of that hour.
I would not move the previous question at this
time, or to-night, sir, were it not for the order
of the House setting down the report of the
Reconstruction Committee as the special order
for to-morrow, and from day to day until
disposed of. Unless I can have the previous
question on this bill seconded to-night it will
be carried over until the House shall have
completed action on the bill reported this
morning from the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion. I therefore call the previous question.
After it is seconded and the main question
ordered I will yield the most of the hour to
which I will then be entitled to others who
may desire to speak upon the subject.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I would inquire of
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] if he
proposes to bring this question to a vote this
evenhig?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will leave that
with the House. I am content to go on and
conclude this subject to-night.
The previous question was then seconded
and the main question ordered.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. As I shall want
only some live or ten minutes at the close of
the debate, I will now yield a part of my time
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Woodward.]
Mr. ROBINSON. If the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Wilson] will yield now I will move
that the House adjourn.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I cannot yield for
any such purpose. I would ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] how
much time he desires to have? v
Mr. WOODWARD. I think I will be able
to say what I desire in fifteen miuutes.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will yield to the
gentleman for fifteen minutes.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, I am
altogether opposed to this bill and to the
amendments to it. I believe both to be un-
constitutional and beyond the powers of this
Congress to enact.
The venerable gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Spalding] has referred us to the clause in the
Constitution of the United States in relation
to the judicial power of this Government.
"The judicial power of the United States shall bo
vested in one Supreme Court, and in such inferior
courts as the Congress inay from time to time ordain
and establish."
Now, in answer to hia colleague, [Mr.
Bingham,] who has referred to the judiciary
act of 1789, I submit that the organization of
districts and circuits and of all the machinery
that belongs to those courts of justice is no
part of the judicial power. Congress well
enough employs itself in regulating that ma-
chinery for the exercise of the judicial power.
But "the judicial power"—I would call
attention to that term—" the judicial power "
is vested in the Supreme Court and inferior
courts. And this Congress, if it were as wise
as the gentleman from Ohio seems to think,
nay, if it were much more wise, would have
no constitutional authority to exercise that
"judicial power " any more than the Supreme
Court would have the constitutional right to
exercise the legislative power, which by the
same instrument is vested in this House and
in the Senate.
Now, my objection, upon principle, to this
bill and these amendments is that it is the
part of the judicial power to decide. I heard
the late John Sergeant, on an occasion of
great public importance, assert that that was
the grand peculiarity of the judicial office, that
is, that the judge, must decide. When I heard
him make that assertion I thought it a very
simple assertion for so wise a man to make.
But I was then a very young man ; and since
then I have had some experience. I under-
stand to-day what he meant better than I did
