1868;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
485
when I henrd him make the remark. It is the
most difficult duty which one man is called
upon to perform in respect to another.
The Constitution of the United States vests
this duty in the court. I quite agree with the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bixgham,] that the
Congress may reduce the court to three judges,
or to two, or even to one. But it must be a
court, of however many individuals composed ;
and the Constitution of the United States vests
in that court the power to decide.
Now what is the court? What is any body
which consists of several members ? It is the
quorum ; the majority. And the judiciary act
of to which the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] referred to so triumphantly
when my friend from Illinois [Mr. Marshall]
was Oft the floor, is very significant in that
regard. Congress in that act indicated what
should constitute a quorum of the court, and
then repealed that provision, leaving it to the
court itself to constitute its own quorum. The
quorum of every body is the body for all legal
purposes.
The Constitution of the United States vests
in the quorum of such judges as the Congress
have placed in the Supreme Court of the United
States tbe power to decide. Now, "to decide'1
is to decide every question that may come
before them.
The bill before the House does not propose
to take away from that court the power to
decide upon rights of property, or npou any of
the rights of individuals. It only proposes to
dictate how constitutional questions shall be
decided. I submit that Congress has no more
power or right to dictate to the Supreme Court
how they shall decide constitutional questions
than they have to dictate to that court how they
shall decide a question of title, or any of the
other questions of meum and tuum -which come
before such a court. The Constitution vests
the powe* in that court, meaning a quorum of
that court. And the whole legislative jurisdic-
tion over the subject is expended when the
number of the judges are fixed, when the cir-
cuits and districts are prescribed, when the
place for holding the court is prescribed, and
those other necessary details which belong to
what is called " the machinery" of the court
have been determined. But Congress can go
no further. It cannot say to that court, "You
shall decide this constitutional question by a
quorum in a different manner from that in
which you decide that question of title by a
Suorumthat is, Congress cannot prescribe
le rule of decision for the court when the
Constitution vests in the court the power of
prescribing for itself its rnle of decision.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will permit me, I desire to ask
him whence he derives the rula that a bare
majority of the court shall be sufficient to
decide any question ?
Mr. WOODWARD. I derive it from the
nature of the body in whom the Constitution
vests the power. The power being delegated
to the body, the body, on the general princi-
ples upon which all bodies composed of sev-
eral members act, must decide what portion
of its number shall control the others. That
is the general rule in this country and I believe
in all countries.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I suppose the gen-
tleman derives it as a rule of the common law.
Mr. WOODWARD. I was about to say
that I believe in all countries—certainly in
the country from which we derive our princi-
ples of law—the majority principle is in delib-
erative bodies the general etimmon-law rule.
I believe it is the rule in regard to judicial
bodies as well as legislative bodies.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Will the gentleman
permit me to make a single inquiry?
Mr. WOODWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. BOUTWELL. If the proposition that
a majority shall constitute a quorum be a
proposition derived from the common law,
(which I admit to be true, and therein con-
cur, as I understand, with the gentleman from
Pennsylvania,) is it not entirely competent for
the legislative authority to change the com-
mon law if there be no specific inhibition in
the Constitution?
Mr. WOODWARD. Undoubtedly it is
competent for the Legislature to change the
common law on subjects that are within the
jurisdiction of the Legislature. But I maintain
that this particular principle of ^he common
law—which the gentleman admits, aa I under-
stand him, applies to courts as well as other
bodies—is not aprinciple with which the Legis-
lature has anything to do. The Constitution
having vested in the Supreme Court the judicial
power of the oountry, and the Congress of the
United States having prescribed that that court
shall sit in a certain room in this Capitol, and
shallconsist of a certain number of judges, those
judges when they come together decide for
themselves, in virtue of that general power
inhering in all deliberative bodies, whether two
thirds or a bare majority shall be a quorum to
hold court. Such questions as this the body set-
tles for itself in virtue of the same inherent
power by which we settle for ourselves precisely
similar questions.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Does the gentleman
mean to say that the Supreme Courtnas power
to decide for itself what portion of the members
shall constitute a qnorum for doing business,
or what number shall be necessary for a decis-
ion? and, if so, is not that clearly legislative
power?
Mr. WOODWARD. No, sir; I do not
think it is legislative power. It is a power
which must necessarily be possessed by all
bodies whose duty it is to deliberate, to decide,
or to act. Yon could not proceed with the
business of any court, Federal or State, a sin-
gle day without resorting to this principle.
The court itself, under all its responsibilities
to the people, (and judicial bodies generally
feel their responsibilities quite as sensitively
as legislative bodies do,) must decide who
constitute the conrt, what is the court, and
then it decides what is its jurisdiction. And
- in respect to the Supreme Conrt of the United
: States I would like to know who is the judge
of its jurisdiction but itself? The venerable
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] may
> abuse that tribunal for deciding its jurisdiction
to extend to a particular case; parties some-
times abuse courts when dissatisfied with their
decisions; but the power to decide the extent
of its own jurisdiction necessarily inheres in
that cdnrt itself, and you cannot take it away.
The Constitution has planted it there.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman one other question. Does the gentle-
man -intend to say that the Court itself might
establish a rule which woaW require two thirds
t of the bench to make a decision?
| Mr. WOODWARD. I have no doubt, sir,
I that the court might establish such a rule; and
j I suppose that if such a rule ought to be eatab-
jj lished it is for the court to do it. It is for the
'j court to decide for itself who shall constitute
-j the deciding power in that court. It is for the
i court to decide for itself what are fit subjects
j! for its decision; that is to say, what questions
; are within its jurisdiction.
|i Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman from
i! Pennsylvania allow me to make an inquiry
' "touching the power of this court over its quo-
rum?
Mr. WOODWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman whether under the first organization
o.f the Supreme Court of the United States,
when Chief Justice Jay was absent from the
country, though still holding hig commission,
it was competent for a majority (that is three)
of the members of the court remaining in this
country to exercise any of the functions of the
court against the force of the statute of 1789,
which declared that four should be necessary;
and whether, under the aot of 1887 (which I
believe continued in operation down to 1868 or
1864) it was competent, when the court was
reduced to seven members by the death of two
of its justices, for any smaller number than
five to constitute a quorum, although that
smaller number might have been a majority of
all the judges in essel
Mr. WOODWARD. Did the act of 1789
prescribe the number of judges that should
constitute a quorum ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir; itfixed four as
a quorum.
Mr. WOODWARD. The court consisting
of six ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir; and the act of
1837 fixed five as a quorum, the court consist-
! ing of nine; and during the rebellion, while
that act was still in operation, the court was
really reduced to seven by the death of two of
| the judges. Now, I want to know whether
in tlie presence of a statute like that, requiring
five judge'? to constitute a quorum, a majority
] of the judges in esse coula have assumed to
j exercise the powers of the court.
I Mr. WOODWARD. Certainly not, in con-
; travention of an explicit statute. I have not
argued that the court could have fixed its
quorum in conflict with the act of 1789. My
remarks have had reference to the power of the
court in the absence of legislation in regard to
a quorum.
j Mr. BINGHAM. In that I agree with the
gentleman ; and there is practically no differ-
ence between us, because I propose to inter-
1 pose legislation.
Mr. WOODWARD. That is not the effect
of this bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg leave to say that
i that is precisely what this bill does.
Mr. WOODWARD. That is not the effect
of the hill if I correctly understand it. I
have only heard it read <mee from the Clerk's
cicfltc.
M*. BINGHAM. This bill, as it comes
from the Senate, prescribes what number of
jndges shall constitute a quorum of the Su-
preme Court. To this the Committee on the
Judiciary of this House has added a provision
that in cases involving1 the constitutionality of
an act of Congress the concurrence of two
thirds of all the judges of the court shall be
necessary to set aside the act. That is all
there is in the bill.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The fifteen minutes of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wood-
ward] have expired.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I yield the gentle-
man five minutes longer.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, the gen-
tleman from Ohio has embarrassed this ques1
tion both in the hands of my friend from Illi-
nois w d my own hands bv diverting attention
from the real point of the case. The case
before the House is not a question of fixing a
quorum for the Supreme Court of the United
States. If that be a part of this bill it had
escaped nay attention. It is no part of the bill
to which I am directing any observation. I
have tio objection to fixing the quorum for the
Supreme Court, if you choose, after the man-
ner of the act of 1789.
The part of the bill! to which I object, and
the part of the bill which the gentleman has
not applied a syllable of his argument, is that
part which requires two thirds of the court,
and the amendment the unanimous opinion of
the judges, to declare an act of Congress uncon-
stitutional. The amendment, as I once heard
it read, requires the unanimous vote of the
court, but the bill itself, as moved by the gen-
tleman from Iowa, requires two thirds. It is
to that part of the bill I am here to object.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] may
be very adroit in. substituting another point,
diverting our attention to that, but I am determ-
ined to keep my eyes steadily upon what I
conceive to be the real objection to this bill.
I say in reply to the amendment and in reply
to the bill itself, so far as two-thirds vote is
concerned, it is an attempt on the part of the
legislative department to dictate to the judicial
department as to the manner in which they
shall exercise their judicial power. That yoa
canno.t do. It is as gross an attempt as if the
judiciary should dictate to the legislative depart-
