1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2893
efficiency and trustworthiness by fixing the
pay at $4 25 as by making it five dollars, and
the saving will be over one hundred thousand
dollars a year to the Treasury of the United
States. In my own district the saving will
exceed five hundred dollars, and multiplying
that by the number of districts in the United
States will make $125,000.
Mr. SCHENCK. The committee have made
no change in this compensation. It is now five
dollars, and has been so since March, 1867.
Before that it was four dollars. The gentle-
man now proposes to make it $4 25. These
assessors, I find by the report of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, are employed, on
an average, one hundred and forty-four days
in the year. That amounts, at five dollars per
day, to $720 each. The gentleman is mistaken
if he supposes these men are employed all the
year round. I do not think they will be em-
ployed as much hereafter as heretofore, because
we have taken away the assessment of man-
ufactures and we have added certain penalties
for false charges. I think hereafter one hun-
dred days will be a fair average instead of one
hundred and forty-four. I hope the amend-
ment will not prevail, particularly considering
that these men bear all their expenses travel-
ing about the country.
The amendment of Mr. Churchill was dis-
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted. That the assessor
of each collcetion district shall, on the first Monday
of March in each year, and from time to time each
month thereafter, direct and cause each assistant
assessor to proceed through every part of his divis-
ion, and inquire after and concerning all persons
within his division owDing, possessing, or having the
caro of management of any property, goods, wares,
and merchandise, articles or objects liable to stamp
or other taxes, including nil persons liable to any
special or other tax, under the provisions of this act,
and to notify the owner or owners of such liability
to tax, and to value and enumerate the said objects
of taxation respectively, and to assess the taxes
required to be assessed by law.
Mr. SCHKNCK. I move, on behalf of the
committee, to amend by striking out in the
seventeenth line the words "each month."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 18. Ami be it Anther enacted,_ That in case any
person shall be absentfrom his residence or pla.ee of
business at the time the assistant assessor shall call
for his annual return, and no annual return has been
rendered by such person as required by law, the
assistant assessor shall leave at such place of resi-
dence or business, with some one of suitable ago or
discretion being there present, or otherwise shall
deposit in tho lieai est post office a notice addressed
to such person requiring him to render to such assist-
ant assessor the annual return, duly verified by oath
01- a fill illation, within ten days from tho date of such
notice. And if any person, on being notified or re-
quired as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to render
such return within the time designated, lie shall, on
conviction, bo fined not less than !?100 nor more than
SI ,000.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I move to amend in
line thirteen, by inserting after the word
" designated" the words ''and shall fail within
a reasonable time to give a good and sufficient
excuse for such neglect."
Mr. SCHENCK. What is a reasonable
excuse'?
Mr. PILE. I suggest to tho gentleman to
give a definite limit, say ninety days.
Mr. VAN THUMP. A reasonable time is,
like any other legal fact, to be judged by the
circumstances surrounding the case.
Mr. ING-ERSOLL. I suggest thirty days.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Well, then, thirty days.
Mr. BEAMAN. I suggest to the gentleman
from Ohio that the difficulty will be avoided
by inserting before the word "neglect" the
word "willfully."
Mr. VAN TRUMP. That will do. I accept
that as a modification of my amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman fiom
Ohio will withdraw his amendment and move
to insert the word "willfully," I have no
objection to it.
Mr. VAN 'TRUMP. I have done so. _
Mr. Vax Thump's amendment, as modified,
was agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. I offer the following amend-
ment:
In line seven of section eighteen, after the word
"present,"insert the words "and being ofthehouse-
hold or in the employment of such person," and
strike out the words '' or otherwise " next following
and insert the word "and" before "shall," and the
word"also" after "shall:" so that the section will
read:
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, Thatin case any
person shall be absent fromhis residence or plaee of
business at the time the assistant assessor shall call
for his annual return, and no annual return has been
rendered by such person as required by law, the
assistant assessor shall leave at such jilaee of resi-
dence or business, with some one of suitable age or
discretion being there present, and being ot the
household or in the employment of such person, and
shall also depositin the nearest.post office, a notice,
addressed to such person, requiring him to render to
such assistant assessor the annual return, duly veri-
fied by oatli or affirmation, within ten days from the
date of such notice, &c.
As this section now stands a person may be
liable to the penalty just now the subject of
consideration if the notification is left with
any stranger at his house or office. The per-
son leaving the notice is not bound to inquire
whether the person with whom it is left is in
the employment of the man to be assessed.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him ? I do not like to spoil a
good speech, but 1 hope his amendment will
be adopted.
Mr. JEN CKES. Then I have nothing more
to say.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to strike out
"one hundred," in line fourteen of the section,
and insert "ten" in lieu thereof; so that the
clause will read:
And if any person, on being notified or required
as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to render such
return within the time designated, ho shall, on con-
viction, bo fined not less than ten dollars, nor more
than $1,000.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Let me say a word with
regard to this amendment. Here is a discre-
tion running clear up to 81,000, and there may
be many instances where the taxes are only
small special taxes.
Mr. SCHENCK. The penalty is only im-
posed where the person refuses or willfully
neglects.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, that presupposes
a trial where willful neglect has been found
against the delinquent. Now, why should you
limit it to $100 when you leave a discretion
running up to $1,000? If you leave the fine
from ten dollars to 5? 1,000 it will answer all pur-
poses.
Mr. MULLTNS. The Government does not
run a one-horse machine; it runs a ten-horse
machine.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, I would like to
have it so that the fine imposed shall be not
less than ton dollars nor more than $1,000.
The question was taken; and the amend-
ment was disagreed to.
Mr. JENClvES. I move to strike out "one
hundred" and insert "fifty," and I do it for
the purpose of asking the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means 111 what sec-
tion of the bill provision is made for the man-
ner in which these penalties shall be collected,
whether by indictment, or in what manner?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not recollect the
number of the section, but there is a provision
covering the proceedings.
Mr JENCKES. I have looked for it m
vain It might make a very considerable dif-
ference in my view of the penalties to be
imposed if I knew the manner in which they are
to be collected.
No further amendments being ottered to the
eighteenth section, the Clerk read the nine-
teenth section, as follows:
Sfo 19 And he it further enacted That it shall be
tho duty of every person mafic liable to the payment
ot any tax imposed by law, when not otherwise pi-o-
" ded fm% and every person having m his possession,
custody or under his management or control, any
business, trade, or piofessimi.goods, wares, and moi-
'i•ivtielcjj or objects, removed, sold, or de-
iiveied, or in any mode liable by this act to any
annual, monthly, special, or other tax, and however
required by this act to be paid, on or before the first
Monday of March in each year, and in other cases
before the day of levy, to make a true and accurate
return, verified by oath or affirmation, to the assist-
ant assessor, of the proper division of the district iti
which he resides, of the amount ot his annual income,
tho articles or objects owned or controlled by him
charged with a specific tax, the Quantity of goods,
wares, and merchandise sold, or manufactured and
sold by him, and chaigcd with special or ad v<dorcm
tax, with the aggregate amount of all such sale?, and
all returns required in reference to any business
under his control or management according to the
respective provisions of this act, and according to
the forms and regulations to be prescribed by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, for which such
person is liable to be assessed, or for which any other
person whose business ho controls or manages is
liable to be assessed; and the person owning, pos-
sessing, or having the superintendence, manage-
ment, or control of the businc&3 or profession, tho
goods, wares, or merchandise, articles or objects,
liable to tax, shall be held by this act to be the per-
son required to make all returns, and bhall be deemed
responsible for the correctness thereof. All returns
for taxation shall, when not otherwisespccially pro-
vided for, be made with reference to the time fixed
by this act for the making of such returns; and any
schedule, statement, enumeration, or description of
any goods, wares, or merchandise, articles or objects,
trade, business, or profession, required by this act
to be made and delivered to an assessor or assistant
assessor, shall be deemed to be a return.
No amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 20. And be it, farther cnactcd, That any person
having the care or management of property, goods,
wares, and merchandise, articles or objccts, not
within the assessment district in which he resides,
shall be permitted to make and deliver the returns
thereof required by this act, stating therein the
assessment district m which the said objects ot tax-
ation arc situated, at the time and in the manner
prescribed, to the assistant asscssorof the assessment
distiict wherein such person resides. And it shall
be the duty of the assistant assessor who receives any
sucli return totiansmit the same to the assessor of
the district in which such objects of taxation may be;
and it shall bo the duty ot said assessor to cause an
examination to be made and to send back the said
return with his approval indorsed thereon, and with
any alterations therein or additions thereto which
may be found to be just and proper, to the assistant
assessor from whom it was received, who shall pro-
ceed to make the assessment of the tax upon tho
said return in all respects as it the same had been
made out by himself.
No amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That whenever
there shall be in any a-^etMnent distiict any prop-
erty, goods, wares, and merchandise, nrtich^ or
objects, liable to be taxed, and not owned or pos-
sessed by, or under the caie or management of, any
person within such district, no return of which shall
havo been transmitted to the assistant assessor in
the manner provided by this act, it shall bo the duty
of the assistant assetsor for such dbtiictto enter into
and upon the premise where such property i* situ-
ated, and take such view thereof as may bo neces-
sary. and to make returns of the same, according to
the form prescribed, which being verified by tho s.i id
assistant assessor shall be taken as good and suffi-
cient returns ot such property, goods, wares, and
merchandise, articles or objects, as> aforesaid, tor all
legal puiposcs.
No amendment was offered.
The next section was read as follows :
Seo. 22. And be it further enc-trd, That it shall bo
the duty of all persons required to mako ref urn-^of
income and articles or objccts charged with an in-
ternal tax to declarc in such returns whether the
several rates and amounts therein contained arc
stated according to their values in currency or accoi d-
ing to their value* m coined money; and incase of
neglect or refusal so to declare to the satisfaction of
the a^istant assessor receiving ^uch returns sivli
assistant assessor is hereby rcqunod to make iettuns
for such persons so neglecting or refusing, ns< in cas-os
of persons neglecting or refusing to make am 1 e* ui n,
and to a.-se^s the tax thereon, and to add thereto the
amount oi penalties imposed by law 111 ca-es ui such
neglect or reiusal. And whenevei the rates and
I amounts contained in the retum^a* aforesaid thall be
! stated in coined money it >-haU be the duty of each
j assessor receiving tho same to reduce such rates and
! amounts to their equivalent in euuency, according
j to the value of suMi coined money in said currency
■ for the time covered by such returns. And the re-
. turns required to be furnished to coiiectois by asscts-
I ors shall in all cases contain the several amounts
I of taxes assessed, estimated, or valued in currency
! only.
; Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
| Committee of Ways and Meuns to move to
i a mend this section by striking out the words
1 '•coined money" where they occur m the sec-
tion. and inserting in l>eu theieof the word
I '• coin."
il The amendment was agreed to.
II Mr. SCHENCK. I am also instructed to
