370
APPENDIX TO :THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jmie 20i,
Ho. oj? Raps.
Contested-Election Ca$e—Mr,TrirrMe.
40m CONG.... 2D SBSS.
from Kentucky, demand that, the rules of law
shall be applied' to his and their case accord'
ing to your own decisions and as applied to
aii cases heretofore. You cannot deprive any
man in this country of the right to his prop-
erty, his life, or his liberty, or vote, without
giving him a riglH to a trial by a jury of Jlis
peers, and givinghim thebenefitof all reason-
able doubts as to his guilt or innocence.
He has a right, too, to have at your hands,
as well as the voters sought to be disfranchised,
the unanimous verdict of a jury declaring them
guilty ofviolatingsomelaw the penalty of which
is disfranchisement. This is no mere, majority
matter. It is one of the rights of an American
freeman that cannot be taken away from him.
But in this instance by a bare majority of this
House it is-proposed to take from over 2,200
Voters of that district the right of suffrage, to
take ffom John D. Young his right to a seat
upon this floor. I ask you to apply the same rule
to John D. Young that you would apply to your-
selves. And if words and declarations that might
be construed into aid and comfort of the enemy
can be used to deprive a member of his seat
here, then the same rule should be applied to
Mr. Young that is applied to persons from the
North.
While I have but little hope that this House
will recognize the Constitution by giving to the
ninth district of Kentucky John D. Young, the
liepreseutative of their own choice, thus ac-
knowledgingtheprincipleour forefathers fought
for, they.offered up their lives and shed their
blood in vaia.unless they established the prin-
ciple that representation and taxation should
go together. Can this great principle be less
valued to-day than in 1776? No, sir; it will
glow and burn until again enshrined in the
hearts of every patriot in this great land. Sir,
the Constitution will be preserved. The Re-
public must and will live.
.1 now turn to the report of the committee
made in this case on the 23d day of March,
1.808, eight months after that case was referred
to them by order of this House. After that
honorable and able committee had gone to
Kentucky, investigated the case to their satis-
faction, returned to this city, heard all the
arguments on both sides, and considered the
evidence maturely, they reported to this House
that John D. Young was not entitled to his
seat. They further reported unanimously—
"That Samuel McKee, not having received a ma-
jority of the votes cast tor Representative m this
House from the ninth congressional district of Ken-
tucky, is not entitled to a seat therein as such Rep-
resentative."
Mr. UPSON. Let me correct the gentleman
from Kentucky. I dissented from that report,
and it is therefore not unanimous.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. Unanimous,
then, with the exception of the gentleman from
Michigan. , I do not desire to do him or any
other member upon this floor any injustice. I,
howsver, so regarded it, and so received it. I
believed there was no dissent at that time;
that, in fact, there was no dissent until within
the last month.
Mr, UPSON. If the gentleman will read
the report of the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. McClurg] he will see he stated that I
dissented at the time.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. Itisfarfrom
me to do the gentleman injustice.
Mr. KERB. I simply desire to say, in ref-
erence to the remark of my colleague on the
committee, that at the time the report was sub-
mitted 1 understood him to concur in that
report, with the understanding if thereafter he
should conclude it was his duty to dissent he
could do so and file a minority repbrt.
Mr. ITPSON. The gentleman has reference
to the Missouri report. I did dissent from this
report.
Mr. THIMBLE, of Kentucky. At any rate
there is the record. It was unanimous, with the
exception of the distinguished gentleman from
Michigan and the two gentlemen who made
their minority report, concurring with me in the
tenor, of my remarks, that John D. Young was
entitlecUo his seat upon this floor. I ask them
if they will not stand by this report to-day,and
the principles enunciated in this report? What
new light has beamed upon these gentlemen
to show that Colonel McKee is entitled to this
seat as having been elected by the qualified
voters of that district ? I propose to argue the
legal proposition presented and to draw deduc-
tions from the facts elicited in this case. I
propose to show, by the constitution and laws
of the State ,of Kentucky and by the laws of
the Congress of the United States, that John
D. Young received a majority of 1,479 votes.
I propose to show further that Mr. Green
received 800 and odd votes, and if this House,
in violation of the laws of Kentucky, and in
violation of the constitution of Kentucky, shall
turn out John D. Young and put Mr. McKee
in they will disfranchise 2,300 and odd voters
of the ninth congressional district of Kentucky,
who are as much entitled to vote under the
laws of Kentucky as Colonel McKee, myself,
or any one else.
Now let us see what that committee did on
that subject:
"After an examination of the testimony the'come
initteo are not wilting to say that more than 752 ex-
rebel soldiers voted for Mr. Young. - Of those 86 aro
hereafter rejected in the entire vote of various yre-
cincts for other causes, which would reduce tho vot-
of the rebel soldiers to 686. But tho committee find-
ing that there is no law of Kentucky disfranchising
rebel soldiers have not been able to see how those
votes can be rejected."
This elects Young. Will this House usurp
the power and elect McKee? If you do, you
had as well abolish all constitutions and laws
and elections in Kentucky and elsewhere.
Let the candidates announce themselves here
and make the canvass before you, and not
before the people.
Now, sir, let us examine the law applicable
to the report made by my frieud from Illinois,
[Mr. Cook. ] That presents to the House two
propositions which he alleges gives to Colonel
McKee this seat, first, 025 votes of rebel sol-
diers were cast for John D. Young, the votes
of those who had no right to vote; and second,
883 votes or majorities were cast for John D.
Young at precincts in that congressional dis-
trict, at precincts where the officers of the
election, or some of them, were rebels and
rebel sympathizers. Under the construction
of this report the votes of all confederate sol-
diers must be deducted; as also the precincts
where themajority for John D. Young was.883,
and where there was rebel officers, one or more
at each precinct, were officers of the election
must he deducted. This would elect Colonel
McKee by 41 votes. That is the theory; that
is the proposition; that is the resort to -which
they are driven to make a report at all that
Colonel McKee is entitled to a seat upon this
floor.
Now, let us see what the constitution of
Kentucky says on the subject who shall be a
voter. It says :
"Every free white citizen, of tho age of twenty-
one years, who has resided m trie State two years, or
in the county, town, or city in which he offers to vote
one year next preceding the election, shall be a. voter;
but such votei shall have been, lor fcixty days next
preceding the plection, si resident of the precinct in
which he offers to vote, and he shall voto in said pre-
cinct and not elsewhere,"
That is what the constitution says: and in
my judgment there is no power in Kentucky
in the legislative or executive department, to
acid to or subtract one iota from that pro-
vision. The only way that that can. be reached
is by amendment of the constitution. The
framers of the constitution of Kentucky never
intended that this great boon of American
freemen, the right of suffrage, should be tara-
peieii with by partisan legislation. They fixed
it in the constitution itself, intending it should
stand until changed in the same way and man-
ner by which it was incorporated theicin. I
am supported in this declaration by the decis-
ion of the highest tribunal of my State upon
the act known as the "expatriation,Jaw*' of
that State, passed March 11,1863.- Now, what
does that law declare? Bear in mind this law
could have had no application to many persons
who joined the .confederate forces prior to its
passage. That law only attempted to disfran-
chise thos(? who remained in the confederate
forces after its passage or joined after its pas-
sage. All others were expressly exempted
from the provisions of the law. The act will
speak for itself.
The Kentucky Legislature passed this bill
MarqU IX, 1863, by a two-thirds vote over the
Ye,to of Governor Magoffin :
"An act to amend chapter fifteen of the Revised
Statutes, entitled Citizens and Aliens.
*' Section 1. Beitcnacted, That any citizen of
this State who shall enter into the service of the so-
called confederate States, meitheracivil or military
capacity, or enter in to the service of the so-called pro-
visional government of Kentucky in either a civil or
military capacity, or having heretofore entered such
service of either thocowfederate&tatesorprovisional
govoi anient shall continue in such service after this
act takes effect, or shall take up and continue in arms
against the military forces ot the United States or
tho State*of Kentucky, or shall give voluntary aid
and assistance to those in arms against said toi'ces,
shall be deorncd to have expatriated himself, and
shall no longer be acitizen of Kentucky, ih>v shall ho
again be a citizen, except by permission olthe Legis-
lature by a g-cneral or special statute.
" Sec. 2. That whenever any person attempts or is
called on to exercise any ofthoconstitutionalorleg.il
rights and privileges belonging only to citizens of
Kentucky he may be required'to negative on oath
tho expatriation provided in tho first section otthis
act and upon his failure or refusal to do so bhuil not
ho permitted to exercise any such right or privilege.
"Sec.3. This act to beinlorce in thirty days from
and alter its passage."
To give you a faint idea as to how this act
was executed in my district and other parts of
Kentucky, at the August election, in 1863. 1
give you one of the many infamous military
orders issued and executed at that time.
Brigadier General Asbotlrs order, (McPhor-
sotrs History Rebellion, page 313:)
41 Columbus, Kentucky, July 29,1SQU.
That no further doubt may exist as to the intent
and moaning of Special Orders No. 159, dated head-
quarters sixteenth Army coips, July 14,1863, it rs
ordered thac no person shall bepoimitted to be voted
lor, or bo a candidate lor office, who has been or is
now under arrest or bonds by proper authority for
uttering disloyal language or sentiments.'*
This was to cover ihe case of L. S. Trimble,
then illegally under arrest at Henderson, Ken-
tucky, and a candidate for Congress.
County judges within this district are hereby ordered
to .appoint as j udges and clerks ot the ensuing August
election only such persons as are avowedly and
unconditionally for the Union and the suppression
of the rebellion; and are further ordered to revoke
and recall any appointments of judges and clerks
already made who are notsuch loyal persons.
Judges and clerks ot elections are hereby ordered
not to place the name of any person upon tho poll-
books to be voted for at said election who is not
avowedly and unconditionally for tho Union and tho
suppression of the rebellion, or who may be opposed
to lurnishing men and money for the suppression of
tho rebellion.
The following oath is prescribed and will be
administered by judges of elections to voters and to
such candidates as reside within the district:
**1 do solemnly swear that I have never entered the
service of the so-called confederate States; that I
have not been engaged in the service ot' the so-called
provisional government of Kentucky, either in a
civil or military capacity ; that I have never, either
directly or indneotly, aidedtherebellion against the
Government ot the \3mted States, or the State of
Kentucky; that 1 am unconditionally for the Union
and the suppression of the rebellion, and am will-
ing to furnish men and money for the vigorous prose-
cution of tho war agaiust the rebellious league
know as the confederate States: So help ine Cod."
Anv voter, judge, or clerk of cieciion, or other
person who may evade, neglect, or retuse compli-
ance with tbc provisions oi thisorder, will be arretted
and scntbciorc a military eonuuiiasiou as to on us
the faets are substantiated.
I! By order of Brigadier General Ashoth i
ij l\ 11. HARRIS,
j | Assistant Adjutant General.
j[ Under such orders in Kentucky Congress-
it men were elected to vote, and did vote, lor
I; the thirteenth amendment of the Federal Cuo-
! stitution. 1 refrain from comment.
But, sir, why argue upon tirat law? The
