1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1871
presumed to be able to read as well as ourselves)
the President and the Senate, as the treaty-
making power, have the right to bind this nation
to the payment of a sum of money—whether
they have the right to make auch a contract
•with a foreign Power in the name of the nation.
Mr. BASICS. Will the gentleman from Cali-
fornia allow me to say a word?
Mr. HIGBY. When I shall have answered
the point suggested by the gentleman from
lennessee [Mr. Maynard] I will yield to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.]
Mr. Speaker, a very similar question to that
presented by the gentleman from Tennessee was
raised by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spald-
ing] when he addressed the House on this sub-
ject some weeks ago. He said that the Gov-
ernment of llussia is presumed to know that
the power does not reside in the President and
the Senate to make and complete a treaty. Let
me ask the gentleman from Tennessee whether
the existence of this power in those depart-
ments has not been a mooted question; and
whether even with President Washington it was
not a mooted question. Did he not give Con-
gress to understand that, according to the con-
struction given to the Constitution by him and
those who joined with him in making it, Con-
gress had nothing to do but simply to, appro-
priate the money ? And I ask the gentleman
whether a long line of the distinguished men
of this nation has not held to the proposition
that when the President and the Senate have
made a treaty it is binding upon Congress to
make all appropriations necessary to carry out
that treaty? In saying this I am not taking
either one or the other side of this question;
I am simply reminding the House that a long
line of most distinguished authorities has held
that the President and the Senate have this
power.
Now, sir, is it not supposable that the Gov-
ernment of Russia, when the President and
the Senate made that treaty and professed to
bind this "nation," understood that they were
acting in good faith, and that the power they
professed 10 exercise was really possessed by
them ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I will answer the gen-
tleman very fairly, and say that I believe the
treaty-making power of this nation, consisting,
under our Constitution, of the President and
the Senate, has the authority to bind this nation
to the payment of a sum of money; and if the
treaty-making power improperly or unwisely
enters into such a contract in the name of this
Government our remedy is not by repudiating
the contract, but by repudiating the men who
have improperly or unwisely exercised the
power vested in them.
Mr. HIGBY. I agree with the gentleman.
He has hit the point of this question. In this
instance the President and Senate have gone
too far, and the Government of Russia has
yielded too much to leave it in the control of
this House. It is a question to be settled by
and between the two Governments. The peo-
ple are the parties empowered to settle the
question, if the treaty-making power is improp-
erly exercised, with the men who so improp-
erly exercised it. I will now yield to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.]
Mr. BANKS. With the permission of the
gentleman from California, 1 desire to say that
the case presented in regard to the French
treaty was precisely this : the sovereign of the
French Government made a treaty with the
Government of this country recognizing a cer-
tain amount of money to be due to us. It was
an adjudicated claim between the sovereign
power of the two Governments.
Now, another department of the French
Government did not feel inclined to appro-
priate the money to fulfill that treaty. They
excused themselves on the ground that they
were not obliged to do it. The Government
of the United States did not recognize that
excuse on the part of a portion of the Govern-
ment which was not recognized in the treaty-
naking power. They did not accept that
declaration as a sufficient answer to the claim,
and General Jackson, then President of the
United States, announced to Congress that if
money was not appropriated and the claim
paid measures should be taken to cause the
French Government to do it. Now, the gen-
tleman on the other side will be very much
puzzled to point out a particle of difference
between the case presented by the gentleman
from California and this that -occurred under
General Jackson's administration, except that
the subject of the treaty is a little different.
Mr. PAINE. With the permission of the
gentleman from California, 1 will ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts a single question.
Does he not know that in the case to which he
has just referred the claim of the United-
States against France was absolutely good
irrespective of any treaty stipulations.
Mr. BANKS. Of course I know that, else
there would not have been a treaty recognizing
it. But the claim that the President of the
United States made was based upon the treaty,
because that was a confession of the claim ;
and the refusal of another department of the
French Government to appropriate the money
did not affect our claim at all.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman has stated
that there was a treaty between the United
States and France, and by virtue of it the
President of the United States claimed that
these payments should be made; but he should
know that in that case if there had been no
treaty there would have been a valid claim on
the part of the Government of the United
States against France, whereas in this case, in
the absence of a treaty, there is no pretext that
there would be any claim on the part of Russia
against the United States.
Mr. HIGBY. I say to the gentleman from
Wisconsin, as I said to the gentleman from
New York, that I do not pretend that the two
cases are precisely alike. But it is by treaty
that we settled the question with France, and
I was only citing the manner in which this Gov-
ernment reached the Government of France in
order to get that money. It was a question to
be settled between two Governments, and not
between the branches of any one Government.
I say that this is a treaty between this Govern-
ment and the Government of Russia, and the
only way we can get along with this matter is
by addressing our arguments to the Govern-
ment of Russia. We cannot address our argu-
ments now in this case to the President and
Senate of the United States with any success.
Mr. WOOD. I desise to propound this ques-
tion to the gentleman : whether he denies the
abstract right of the House of Representatives
to judge of the propriety and policy of the ap-
propriation of the public money whenever ap-
plication is made to it under any circumstances
whatever.
Mr. HIGBY. Mr. Speaker, I said at the
outset that if this was a question to be settled
between the President and Senate of the Uni-
ted States on one the side and the House of Rep-
resentatives on the other I would go as far as
any member of this House in the line of argu-
ment that has been used on this floor. I have
no doubt at all as to the question of propriety
of the House of Representatives, but I am
asking where our argument in this case lias got
to be addressed.
Mr. WOOD. You admit the right then.
Mr. HIGBY. Certainly.
Mr. WOOD. Then there is no difference
between us.
Mr. HIGBY. I certainly admit the right,
but it is directing all our force and strength
where it is not commonly used in attacking
what the President and Senate have done so
long as there is a power outside of the Gov-
ernment which is going to make its demand in
this case. That is my po.int, *
Mr. WOOD. That is another question.
Mr. HIGBY. I was unfortunate, perhaps,
in not making myself clear at the outset, i
meant to be understood as I have just stated.
Now, sir, I wish to consider the position
taken by the member from Ohio, [Mr. Spald-
ing,] that it was presumable that the Govern-
ment of Russia knew that the President and
Senate of the United States had not the power
to make this treaty until the money was ap-
propriated. Let us see what Russia did and
see whether that Government would do a thing
of this kind as against its own interest.
Let me read one of the articles of the treaty
between these two Governments. I read arti-
cle four of the treaty:
Article IV.
"His majesty tho emperor of all the Russias shall
appoint, with convenient dispatch, an agentoragrents
for the purposo of fonmally delivering to a similar
agent or agents appointed on behalf of the United
States, the territory, dominion, property, dependen-
cies, and appurtenances which are ceded as above,
and for doing any other act which may bo necessary,
in regard_thereto. But tho cession, with the right
ofimmediatepossession, is nevertheless to bodcemed
complete and absolute on tho exchango of ratifica-
tions, without waiting for such formal delivery."
Is it possible, sir, that with the knowledge
that the President and Senate of the United
States had not power to make such a treaty,
the Government of Russia should have pro-
vided in the treaty that as soon as there was
an exchange of ratifications it should be under-
stood as a delivery of the territory? Not at '
all, sir. The presumption is, that the Govern-
ment of Russia understood that the President
and Senate had the power, and that they rep-
resented the Government, and were the treaty-
making power of the Government. That is the
presumption, and, as I have before said, it is
a mooted question with us. A number of the
most distinguished men of this nation have
taken the position, and argued it ably, that
whenever the President and the Senate have
completed a treaty between this Government
and any other Government it is binding upon
this Government, and the House of Represent-
atives are bound, in connection with the other
branches of the Government, to make the
necessary appropriation.
That view of the question has been very ably
urged by some of the greatest men of this na-
tion ; and I say the presumption is that the
Russian Government supposed that they were
dealing with the treaty-making power of this
nation when there was an exchange of ratifi-
cations, and a delivery was understood to be
made.
Well, sir, what further has been done?
Under that article of the treaty which I have
read, in the month of July or August last, per-
sons were named to represent the two Govern-
ments ; and those named on the part of this
Government went to Sitka, the principal town
in the territory to be delivered, and there, in
the name of this Government, received posses-
sion of all that territory that was delivered up
by the representatives of the Government of
Russia. The Russian flag disappeared, and
the stars and stripes are waving to-day at Sitka,
the emblem of the dominion and power of this
Government over that territory; and there it
has waved since that delivery took place. Rus-
sia has withdrawn what title she had to repre-'
sent her there, and the United States has full
sway and full power there. A post office has
been established and a postmaster appointed.
A general is there with a portion of our Army,
representing the Government of the United
States and holding possession of the territory.
Is it to be supposed that the Russian Govern-
ment would have done all this if there was a
lack of power on the part of the President and
of the Senate to complete a treaty? Sir, it is
not supposable for one moment. And here I
leave this branch of the subject.
Statesmanship dictated the purchase of Lou-
isiana and Florida. The Northwest Territory,
from which has since been carved several of
the richest and most powerful States of the
Union, was drained by the Mississippi and its
branches, the natural channels forthe commerce
of that vast territory, yet in embryo, to seek
the ocean. That river and its branches in the
west, and the Alleghany mountains in the east,
bind the North and South together. The Mis-
