1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
487
a quorum has to do with the objectionable
points in this bill.
Mr. BINGIIAM. Well, I submit with all
respect to the gentleman that it would become
him to explain what it has to do witl\ it, as he
argued that question himself.
1 understood him to start out, in the first
place, by insisting that however the court was
constituted it was to determine for itself, in
all cases, by a majority only, and that it was
governed by nothing but the majority rule of
the common law. Sir, with all respect 1 suh-
mit the common law has nothing to do with
this question, forafterconceding, as the gentle-
man does concede, that the Congress of the
United States can declare how many judges
shall decide in any case, he concedes the
whole point in controversy.
In 1789 Congress put the majority of the
court at two thirds of the members ; it estab-
lished the same majority in 1789 that we pro-
pose to establish in 18t58, and that has so much
to do with the case that it decides the question.
These gentlemen must lay their hands upon
ashington and the Congress of 1789, and say
that they had no right to declare that any less
than a majority should decide questions in
that court, because if they could make the
necessary majority to consist of four out of six
judges they could m&he it consist of five out
of the six judges as well, and if they could
make the quorum four they could make it
three.
Mr. WOODWARD. If the act of 1789 had
not fixed the quorum at all Would not the
quorum have been what it was?
Mr. BINGHAM. Very likely.
Mr. WOODWARD. It simply declared
the quorum.
Mr. BINGIIAM. Not exactly. When Con-
gress said that four judges out of the six com-
posing the court should constitute the quorum
it overthrew the majority principle altogether,
and established the principle that three out
of six judges, in the absence of two, might
decide any case.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I
believe the first section of this bill has not
been challenged by any gentleman who has
addressed the House in opposition to this bill.
That being the case, the whole principle of the
bill is conceded by them. The first section
provides that five judges shall constitute a
quorum of the Supreme Court. Has any gen-
tleman challenged that as being in conflict
with the Constitution of the United States?
If so, I have been unable to detect it in the
confusion which has attended this debate.
And does any gentleman upon the opposite
side of the House challenge the constitutionality
of the present law determining the number of
justices who shall constitute a quorum of the
Supreme Court? I have heard no such thing.
And yet what is a quorum of the Supreme
Court at this time? It is declared by law to
consist of six judges. How many judges are
there now on the supreme bench? Eight. So
that the present statute violates the principle
for which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Woodward] contends, the common-law
rule, that a majority shall constitute a quorum.
The law as it now exists, making six judges a
quorum m a Supreme Court oi eight judges,
violates that rule. Who questions its consti-
tutionality?.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Woodward] says that we cannot interfere with
the judicial power; that we cannot pass any
law that shall interfere with that power in any
way. The gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Hcbbard] says that the Supreme Court is not
the creature of Congress, but it is the creature
of the Constitution of the United States. Well,
sir, what kind of a creature is it, aa declared
by the Constitution?
"Theiudicial power of the United States shall be
rested in one Supreme Court, and in such inferior
•AUrts as the .Congress may from time to time ordain
and establish."
Can we determine how many judges shall
constitute the Supreme Court ? The gentle-
man says that court is a creature of the Consti-
tution. The Constitution declares there shall
be a judicial department, and in that judicial
department there shall be a Supreme Court.
But it leaves entirely to Congress to determine
the number of judges which shall constitute
the court. This of itself controls in no incon-
siderable degree the question of how many
membersof the eourtshall constitute a quorum.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. The
Constitution of the United States provides
that the judges of the Supreme Court shall be
nominated and appointed by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate ; so that the persons who are to go
into that court as judges are not subject to
Congress.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That is all very
true, that the persons who are to go into that
court as judges shall be selected in a certain
way, and that way we cannot interfere with.
But will the gentleman say that we cannot
determine that the Supreme Court shall con-
sist. of one hundred judges or that it shall con-
sist of only five judges? And if that power
is given to us do we not control the quorum by
the exercise of the power to determine how
many judges shall be upon the Supreme Bench?
If the majority rule is insisted upon and you have
one hundred judges the quorum will consist of
fifty-one judges; if, on the other hand, we
provide that five judges shall constitute the
Supreme Court the quorum would be composed
of three judges.
Then, as by the action of Congress, by the
legislative department of the Government, the
number constituting a quorum is changed; by
fixing the number of judges we have the whole
power so far as that question is concerned
undoubtedly, for what we may do indirectly
we may do directly in this respect, aad I have
never heard it questioned before, nor do I
believe it has been since the organization of
the Government down to this day. Acts have
been passed from time to time by Congress
changing the number of judges on the Supreme
Bench, and in all such instances the law has
declared what shall constitute a quorum of'
the court.
Now, sir, if we are to be deprived of this
power by the common-law rule as to what
should constitute a quorum, and again, by the
principle contended lor by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward,] thataquorum
constitutes the court, and with which we cannot
interfere in any way, by direction or indirec-
tion, and that the eotirt thus organized is
bound as a court to decide every question pre-
sented to it to decide, I want him to harmo-
nize this doctrine with that other principle
which he affirms, that a majority of a quorum
may exercise this judicial power and decide
any question presented to the court. He says
a majority constitutes a quorum; that with that
we cannot interfere; that the quorum consti-
tutes the court; that it is the duty of the court
t.o decide. How can this be unless a number
equal to a quorum concur in the opinion an-
nounced? If a quorum is the court then the
quorum is the unit. How can tHfit be divided
and a judgment rendered by a part of this unit?
How, under the doctrine • for which he con-
tends, can any decision be made by a bare
majority of a quorum when the quorum is the
unit in the constitution of the court? Does not
this doctrine necessarily lead to the conclusion
that ito decision can be made by the court in
which there is not a concurrence of the judges
equal in number to a clear majority of the
court? The principle contended for by the gen-
tleman would render null and void a large num-
berof decisions made by the Supreme Court of.
the United States, for very many of them hare
been made by a bare majority of a quorum.
This doctrine is far more revolutionary than is
anything contained in this bill or the amend-
ments which have been proposed to it.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I desire to ask my col-
leagueon the committee if be applies to a Legis-
lature or to this House precisely the rule which
he supposes applicable to the Supreme Court,
in_ which he says he could not decide whether
this, then, would be a legislative body existing
under the Constitution? If we were to prescribe
a rule what number should constitute a quorum
and a majority of that quorum could decide upon
a subject, he says the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania would be reducing his proposition to an
absurdity.
Mr. WILSON, of Towa. I am not asserting
such a doctrine. I am showing what must be
the result of the doctrine of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania if we adopt it, and that the doc-
trine defeats itself.
Let me call attention again to the Constitu-
tion :
" The judicial power of the United States shall be
vested in one Supreme Court, and in such inferior
courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain
and establish. The judges, both of the Supreme and
inferior courts, shall hold their offices during (rood
behavtrrr, and shall, at stated times, receive for their
services a compensation which shall not be dimin-
ished during their continuance in office."
Now, there are certain things determined
by this provision with which Congress cannot
interfere. They are excepted by the terms of
the Constitution, and these exceptions exclude
alj others. Consequently we have the power
to say what shall constitute a quorum of the
court, for this is not fixed by the Constitution.
The fact that the question of quorum was not
touched by the framers of the Constitution
leaves it within the power of Congress. The
framers of the Constitution did determine what
should constitute a quorum of the two Houses
of Congress. They did not determine what
should constitute a quorum of the Supreme
Court. Therefore they left its determination
to Congress.
Mr. DAWES. I should like to call the
attention of the House to this express provis-
ion of the Constitution:
"In all cases affecting embassadors, other pnblio
ministers and consuls. and those in which a State
shall be party, the Supreme Court shall have original
jurisdiction. Inall toe othercases before mentioned
the Supreme Court shall have appellate j urisdiction,
both as to law and fact, with such excrp;ions and
under such regulations as the Congress shall niako."
Does not the phrase "under such regula-
tions" cover the whole case?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The determination
as to what shall constitute a quorum is un-
doubtedly one of the things which is subject
to the regulations which Congress may pre-
scribe.
Mr. MUNGEN. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Iowa a question. This bill
undertakes to say what shall form a quorum
of the Supreme Court for general purposes.
Then the amendment undertakes to provide
for the unanimous consent of that quorum.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not yield for
debate.
Mr. MUNGEN. I simply want to ask this
question. Does not this bill require the con-
sent of the entire quorum of the court?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman
cannot have any doubt on that point if he has
read the bill.
Mr. MU>GEN. I have Some doubt.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. There are eight
members of the court, and this bill provides
that upon all questions involving the constitu-
tionality of an act of Congress the act shall
not be declared unconstitutional except by the
concurrence of two thirds of all the members
of the court. No one can misunderstand the
effect of the amendment which I have reported
respecting this question.
Mr. MUNGEN. Then a quorum being six,
it requires the consent of all the six; that is to
say, the unanimous consent of the quorum to
declare an act unconstitutional.
• Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. Itdepends upon
the number of the court entirely. If we shjuld
constitute a court of fifteen, then it would
require the concurrence of ten members of the
court to declare a law of the Untied States
unconstitutional.
Now, the question of a quorum being dis-
posed of, the second section of the bill, which
