1868.'!
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
371 •
4.0th Coxa.... 2d Bess.
Contested-Election Case—Mr; Trimble.
Ho. of Heps.
Legislature of Kentucky, after the war was
over and peace had returned, blotted out that
infamous statute and placed every citizen of
Kentucky in the same position that he was be-
fore that statute was enacted by the Legislature.
But in the meantime the Supreme Court had
the question before them, and they decided that
law to be unconstitutional and void. Here is
the repeal of that unconstitutional act:
" Section 1. That an net entitled ' An act to amend
tbefifteenthchapterof the Revised Statutes,entitled
"Citizens, Expatriation, and Aliens,"' passed March
31,1862, be and the same is hereby repealed, and all
persons who may hare lost aDy constitutional,legal,
ov other right or privilege by operation of said act
shall be. and are hereby, restored to the lull and free
use and enjoyment of the same, as completely as if
if said act had never been passed.
Sec. 2. This act shall be in force from its passage,
and may be pleaded in bar of any prosecutionon any
indictment, or other penal proceedings growing out
of said act."—Myers's Supplement, p. 687, appendix.
Thenwhyargueaboutthisproposition? There
can be no question that every one of the voters
named and reported upon here had just as
much right to vote as Colonel McKee and
myself.
But what ejse do we find in this j-eport? It
is proposed to throw out six hundred and
twenty-five voters who had been in the rebel
army. The evidence does not warrant the
committee in coming to that conclusion. I do
not believe the, proof shows that more than
about three huudred and fifty or four hundred
confederates voted for John D. Young, and in
regard to maiiy of them it is only hearsay tes-
timony. That is the character of evidence by
which he is sought to be deprived of a seat on
this floor.
Now, what is the other proposition? It is
that the Legislature of Kentucky have declared
that no mail who was in the confederate service
should be an officer of election in that State.
Now, sir, 1 deny that the Legislature of Ken-
tucky ever could have passed such an act.
There was no such law on the statute-book at
that election: Long prior to the rebellion,
when we had two great political parties in Ken-
tucky nearly equally divided, the Legislature
passed a law requiring that the judges of elec-
tion, clerks, and sheriffs should be taken from
each of the two political parties. It was merely
directory to the county judge to select the offi-
cers of election from the two great parties. But
in 1860 it so happened that there were three
parties in the country, namely, the Douglas,
the Cell and Everett, and the Breckinridge
party. Under the law it was impossible to give
to each political party one of the judges when
there were only two judges. Butafter 1860and
1801 there were but two parties, the Demo-
cratic and the Abolition or Radical party; and
after the close of the war, for the purpose of
avoiding any trouble the Legislature passed the
act just read which restored every citizen to
all his rights as fully as any citizen enjoyed
them.
The last legislation of Kentucky was amnesty
to all. This enabled the judges to give to the
two political parties one of each upon the board
of election. They recognized no secession party
in the State of Kentucky at that time ; there
was none, and all our people arrayed them-
selves under the banner of one or the other of
the great political parties of the country. _ And
nothing could have been further from the inten-
tion of the Legislature^ of Kentucky than to
deprive anyone of his rights under the consti-
tution of the State—either his right to vote or
of his right to aet as an officer of election as
fixed by that constitution. • Sir, the argument
that they so intended is monstrous. It does
violence to the enactments of the Legislature
of ihe State, and violence to the candor of the
gentlemen or their knowledge of the laws of
Kentucky.
Sir, the Committee of Elections declared in
their report that the absence of an active sup-
port of the Government was not sufficient to
excludearegulurly elected member from taking
his seat in this House. When they declare
that, so far as members are concerned, suiely"
a man's'sympathies cannot exclude him from
acting as a clerk, sheriff, or judge of elections
in Kentucky.
Sir, there is no law of the Government of
the United States, or of the State of Kentucky,
that disfranchises a single one of these persons
named in this report, or disqualifies them from
holding the office of judge of election ; not a
single one. You cannot do it under the war
power, for here is an express declaration of
the Congress of the United States, long prior to
this election, that this war was over and that
there were no longer any belligerents or rebels
in this country. That is the fact. Here was a
recognition by Congress itself indorsing the
proclamation of Andrew Johnson in I860, as
follows:
- " Sec. 2. Be it further enacted. That section one of
the aet en titled 'An act to increase the pay of soldiers
in the United States Army, and tor other purposes,'
approved June 20.1864, be, and the same is hereby,
continued in full force and effect for three years from
and after the closeof the rebellion, as announced by
the President of the United States by proclamation
bearing date the 20th August, 1866."—Slatutes-at-
Large, 1866-67, page 422.
Now, let us turn to the evidence for a mo-
ment upon which these precincts are to be
excluded from the count, and over 2,200 of the
voters of the ninth congressional district of
Kentucky disfranchised. The first that I shall
allude to is in the county of Fleming. They
exclude the vote of the precinct known as Cen-
treville. Here is the testimony of Dr. Ma-
guire, the only testimony and witness relied on :
" Question. l>o you or do you not know if the men
named in your last answer, Mason Caywood, \V. II.
Cord, John N. Proctor, David Adams, Charles IJ.ir-
nall, and Thomas Butler, are, and were during the
late rebellion, 'rebel sympathizers?'
"Anmoer. My personal knowledge extends only to
John N. Proctor and l)avid Adams. As to them I
answer yes. Mason Caywood and William ll.Coid
have been, and arc publicly known as southern sym-
pathizers, and in iavor o! the so-called southern con-
federacy, both during and since the war."
He does not s?iy he knows thvir position—
Caywood and Cord, judges at Centreville—but
gives rumors as to how they stood.
Now, Caywood is a man,! have known from
my boyhood. He was an honored representa
tive in the last Legislature of Kentucky, and
was as much entitled to vote or to act as a judge
in that election as I am, or any other citizen
in the Commonwealth of Kentucky who lived
in that district. And yet, upon the mere im-
pression made up by Dr. Maguire, by rumors,
that precinct is to be disfranchised, which gave
Judge Young 132 majority. Without this Ifoung
is still elected by oi votes. If a man can be
deprived of his seat here upon such illegal and
flimsy testimony as that, who oil this floor can
feel any security or any guarantee of his right
to a seat in this House '!1 Is there a Democrat
in the land who could fefel secure in his right
to a seat heie? Naymore, aie there not thou-
sands of Kepublicans who have been charged
with sympathizing with the rebellion, if that be
a sufficient ground to exclude men from seats
here and make illegal elections held by them V
Where would your Chief Justice Chase, Presi-
dent Johnson, and many of your most distin-
guished men I could name be? Where would
General Grant be?
I heard him in my own district denounced
from one end of the town to the other as a
"Copperhead" and a "traitor," and he has
been charged, too, in the Senate with making a
white-washing report in regard to the southern
States. Who escapes such charges in times
of high political excitement such as we have
passed through? laskyou, then, to discard all
such testimony, and to give it the weight to
which it is entitled. You could not'convict
either one of these men of any offense in Ken-
tucky or any other State unless by a unauimous
verdict of a jury, and upon evidence that is legal
and competent. How, then, can you deprive
a whole precinct of its vote upon such testi-
mony as this—nothing but rumor aud heai'Ktv ?
In regard to the Orangeburg district, Mason
county, what is the evidence? That precinct
gave Mr. Young 67 votes, and the committee
throw those votes out". - The-following is the
testimony of Mr. Bulittck i® regard to W. D.
Coryell, sheriff of election-in that district:
" I 'ltuow W. D. Coryell to be an out-and-out rebel.
I heard him thank Uod for the destruction of the
Union troops at the battle of Bull Bun: he never
claimed to bo anything else but a rebel;' ho was
elected magistrate at the election held May 4 1867;
when he acted as sheriff he accepted said office, and
is now acting as j ustiee of the peace of Mason county."
Now, this is the whole testimony upon which
that precinct is denied its voice and its votes
in favor of Mr. Young. In regard to the other
officers Of election the witness says;
"I am acquainted with J. D. Mayhughand Richard
P. 'l'ollo, who acted as judges at the Orangeburg pre-
cinct, in Mason county, at the May election, with \Vr.
D. Coryell, who acted as sheritf, John ltoe, who
acted as clerk, and have been acquainted with theru
for many years. Mnyliugrh, Tollo, and Roe claimed
to be conservative,Union men."
These threeofficersof the eleetiqn are consti-
tutional Union men and onea rebel sympathizer,
as proved by the testimony of the witness of
the contestant himself. That is the testimony
upon which these people of Orangeburg pre-
cinct, in Mason county, are to be deprived of
their right to vote. You may, and 1 hope will
examine this whole testimony. You will find
it hearsay and uncertain, unreliable in every
respect. The sole testimony bearing upon the
pomt in issue at this precinct is the sympathy
of W. D. Coryell. Xou are forced to throw
out this precinct or you still elect Young.
Now, if this House will not recognize what
I have shown to be the constitutional right of
the people of Kentucky to vote, if you will
not recognize the acts of Congress since this
has been a Governmentin regard to this ques-
tion, if you will not regard the decision of
your own Committee of Elections of the 2od
of March last, a unanimous decision with one
exception, if you will not recognize any of
those great principles which declare the
right of the State of Kentucky to say who
shall and who shall not vote at her elections,
if you will not recognize any of these author-
ities, yet there is oiie authority which may bo
considered by Congress as a sort of higher
law, a authority which I think I have a right
to demand that this House shall respect. It
is an authority which was enunciated at Chi-
cago on the 20th of May last, of which con-
vention the honorable Speaker of this House
is one of the nominees.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I ask you to see that the
•pledge of your convention is carried out and
executed in this instance. What is that prin-
ciple so enunciated? It is a principle which
recognizes the right of Kentucky, or the right
of any of i lie ioyal States of this Union, to say
who sha.l or shall not vote. 1 refer to
the second article of the platform of that con-
vention, which is as follows:
"2. The guarantee of Congiess of equal suffrage to
all loyal men at the South was demanded by every
consideration of public safety, of gratitude, and of
justice, and must be maintained, while the question
of suffragoin all the loyal States properly belongsto
the people of those States."
The first part I do not indorse at all. The
last, that clearly leaves the question of suffrage
with the loyal States, I do indorse as far as it
goes. Kentucky has never been out of the
Union.
I ask you, then, to stand by that declaration
of principle; I ask this House to stand by that
resolution, and to give effect and efficarev" to
the constitution of Kentucky and to the laws
of Kentucky, none of which are iu violation or
contravention of any act of Congress. By t hat
constitution and by those laws each of these
2,370 odd voters, 800 and odd of whom voted
for Greene, is entitled to representation upon
tbis floor, and should not be represented by
having placed m that seat a gentleman who
did not receive the votes of the majority oi the
people of that district.
