1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2895
cover of the treaty-making power, dictate the
land policy nor the railroad policy of the
United States.
In the name of the laboring and landless
people of this country I insist that the public
lands shall, except in special cases, and for the
most urgent reasons, be reserved for homestead
entries. Our public domain is rapidly being
transferred into the hands of the few to the
prejudice of the many. And I shall insist, in
every proper way, that wherever lands shall be
granted to railroad companies to aid in the
construction of roads, that the companies shall
be required by law to sell the lands to actual
settlers at a price not exceeding $1 25 an acre.
This should in all oases be required by law.
The gentleman from Washington Territory,
[Mr. Flanders,] in his speech of May 13, has
given us the means of estimating the import-
ance of the principle involved in such a pro-
vision. He says:
"According to the report of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office for 1867, Congress by differ-
ent enactments liave granted land in aid of railroad
enterprises in different States, as follows:
Illinois  2,593,053
Mississippi  2.062,210
Alabama  3,729,130
i'loi ida  2,360,114
Louisiana  1,578,720
Arkansas  4,804,271
Missouri  3,745,160
Iowa  6,751,207
Michigan  5.327,930
Wisconsin  5,378,360
Minnesota  7,783,403
Kansas  7,753,000
California  3,720,000
57,588,578
Pacific railroads ' estimated' 121,000,000
Wagon-Roads.
"Wisconsin  250,000
Michigan  1.718.613
Oregon  1,256,800
3,225,413
Total number of acres 184,813,991
" Of these one hundred and eighty-four million
eight hundred and thirteen thousand nine hundred
and ninety-one acres of land granted to aid in build-
ing difterent lines ot railroad but twenty-one million
iive hundred and sixty-one thousand six hundred
and tii'ty-lour acres have been certified under these
grants. All ihe balance is to be certified to after the
conditions upon which the grants are made to the
different companies are complied with."
Ill other words, one hundred and sixly-three
million two hundred and fifty-two thousand
three hundred and thirty-seven acres of land
authorized by law to be granted in aid of rail-
road enterprises remain yet to be actually
granted or patented to railroad companies.
Now, allowing one hundred and sixty acres for
a homestead, the lands yet to be granted will
furnish one million twenty thousand three hun-
dred and twenty-seven homes, which, at five
in each family, will give household happiness
and independence to five million one hundred
and one thousand six hundred and thirty-five
people. And although each particular tract
of one hundred and sixty acres may not be
arable, yet in the coining time homesteads will
be made iu a less amount of acres, so that,
practically, we are to determine whether a mil-
lion of homes shall be secured to actual settlers
or whether the earnings of a million men are
to be made tributary to great land monopolies
for more than a generation.
The Clerk read the preamble and resolution,
as follows:
Whereas it is reported that a treaty has been con-
cluded between the United States and the Osage In-
dians, by the terms of which eight million acres of
the public lands of the United States are to be sold
to the Leavenworth, Lawrence, and Galveston Rail-
road Company for $1,600,000, payable in thirty-two
semi-annual installments; and whereas this-House
denies that the President and Senate, under the
treaty-making power, can sell the public lands of
the United States, and subvert the homestead and
land policy of tho Government, and deprive Con-
gress ot the power to control the disposition of said
lauds: and whereas sound policy requires that the
public lands should be so disposed of by law as to
secure them to actual settlers under the homestead
laws;. and whereas it is unjust and inexpedient to
permit said lands to be owned in large traet3 so. as
to be kept from occupancy and held for sale at high
prices: Therefore,
Jiesolved, That the HouseofRepresentativeshereby
declares that it is not competent for the President
and Senate to dispose of the public lands by treaty
without the authority of an act of Congress, and tho
Committee on the Public Lands are directed to inquire
and report what measures aro necessary to arrest
the unconstitutional mode of disposing of the public
lands by treaty.
Mr. BROOKS. I object. It goes into the
Globe, and that is all the gentleman desires, I
suppose.
BONDING OF IMPORTED GOODS.
Mr. RAUM, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1162) to amend the
various acts relative to the bondingof imported
goods, and to provide for the more speedy
fiayment of duties thereon; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
TU031AS M'LEAN.
Mr. HOPKINS. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on the Public
Lands a bill (H. R. No. 1033) for the relief
of Thomas McLean, with a recommendation
that it do pass.
The bill was read. It authorizes Thomas
McLean to enter and purchase so much of
lot No. 124 as has not been disposed of in the
Stockbridge reservation in Wisconsin, used
and occupied by him, at the price stipulated
in the third section of the act of March 3,
1865, providing for the disposition of said res-
ervation, and receive a patent therefor; the
said McLean having cultivated and occupied
the same for a long series of years.
Mr. RANDALL. Docsthegentleman desire
to pass that bill now?
Mr. HOPKINS. It is reported unanimously
from the committee, and I desire to have it
passed.
Mr. BROOKS. Oh, it is too late; let us
adjourn.
Tho SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
consideration of the bill. The Cliair hears
none, and the bill is before the House.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at ten o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. HULBURD: The petition of C. P.
Clark and others, citizens of Ogdensburg, New
York, asking reduction of tax oil cigars, &e.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut: The
remonstrance of J. D. Loomis and others, of
Suffield, Connecticut, againstproposed increase
of tax on cigars.
By Mr. ROBERTSON: The petition of
Richard M. Hoe, of the city of New York, pray-
ing for an extension of the patent heretofore
issued to him by the Commisioner of Patents,
for the invention of certain improvements in
printing machines.
By Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania : The
petition of 54 tobacco growers, 121 journey-
men cigar-makers, 36 dealers in cigars and
tobacco, all citizens of Laneastercounty, Penn-
sylvania, praying Congress to try the system
of collecting the revenue on cigars by making
the stamps a revenue stamp instead of an in-
spector's stamp, sold only to manufacturers,
with suitable checks to prevent fraud and coun-
terfeits, and leave the rate of taxation as now
fixed by law.
By Mr. TAFFE: The petition of Willis &
Andresen and others, citizens of the State of
Nebraska, and cigar manufacturers, journey-
men cigar-makers, dealers in cigars, growers
of and dealers in seed-leaf tobacco, praying
that the existing rate of intei'Lal revenue tax
on cigars be not disturbed.
By Mr. UPSON : The petition of Anthony
Kruger and 20 others, citizens of ^Detroit,
remonstrating against the proposed increase
of tax on cigars.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 0, 18c8.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by nnani
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
SECRETARY Oi? THE SENATE.
George C. Gorham, elected on the 4th
instant Secretary of the Senate, appeared, and
the oaths prescribed by law were administered
to him by the President pro tempore.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
petition of the owners of the bonded ware-
houses, class B, for the storage of tobacco, snuff,
and cigars in the city of Philadelphia, praying
a reduction of the tax on manufactured to-
bacco ; which was referred to the Committee
Finance.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of the State of New
York, prayingan appropriation for the removal
of the wreck of the steamer Scotland on
the entrance of the bar off Sandy Hook, and
tho removal of obstructions in the harbor of
New York ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
He also presented the petition of Richard
M. Hoe, prayingan extension of his patent for
an improvement in printing presses; which
was referred to tho Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
Robert A. Hill, praying a removal of the civil
disabilities imposed upon W. H. Bearden, of
Mississippi, by acts of Congress; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FERRY presented a petition of cigar
manufacturers, journeymen cigar-makers, deal-
ers in cigars, growers of and dealers in seed
leaf tobacco, praying the adoption of the sys-
tem of collecting the revenue on cigars by
making the stamp a revenue stamp instead of
an inspector's stamp, sold only to licensed
manufacturers ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
515) in aid of the Union Pacific railway, eastern
division ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Bail-
road, and ordered to be printed.
REPRESENTATION OF SOUTHERN STATES
Mr. POMEROY. As there seems to be no
further morning business, I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the unfin-
ished business of yesterday.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1058) to
admit the States of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, and Alabama to
representation in Congress, the pending ques-
tion being on the amendment proposed by Mr.
Wilson to the amendment of the Committee
on the Judiciary, to insert the word "Ala-
bama" after "Georgia" in the fourth line of
the first section of the committee's amendment.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I desire a
few moments of the time of the Senate to reply
to the remarks made yesterday by the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Conkung.J ThatSen-
ator was entirely mistaken in charging me with
having voted for the proposition requiring a
majority of all the votes registered. to vote on
the ratification of the constitutions in the rebel
States. The proposition requiiing that at least
one half of all the registered voters should vote
upon the question of ratification was made by
the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmonds. J
Twenty-four Senators votedfor it and fourteen
against it. My name, is recorded against .it.
I repeatedly spoke against requiring a majority
of all the registered voters to vote on the rati-
fication of the constitution ; I protested against
it, and in committee of conference opposed it.
{ail- i
■ V
