372
APPENDIX TO.THE CONGRESSIONAL .&LOBE.
[June 22,
Ho. op Reps.
Kentucky Contested Election—Mr . Adams.
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess;
Now, I have no doubt the distinguished gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cook,] in making
this report, did not at heart intend to do injus-
tice to Kentucky. ■ I have no doubt that after
his visit to Kentucky, after the welcome which
he received there, and the observations he
made of the law and good order prevailing
there, he would not intentionally do injustice
to Kentucky. He says:
" The evidence shows conclusively that in many
parts of this district at the timo of the election legal
voters were prevented from voting by threats and
intimidation; many witnesses testified that they
wholly abstained from voting lest they should endan-
ger their personal safety, and the proof shows these
fears to have been reasonable."
The testimony abundantly shows this to be
untrue.
And in my judgment this does great injus-
tice to sand is a libel upon that honorable
Commonwealth and that district. They are
a law-abiding people, and if there have been
any violations of law in Kentucky the Dem-
ocratic party there as a party has suffered
under the infamous expatriation laws. My
friends here were driven from the ballot-box at
the point of the bayonet. I myself carried a
prisoner by the'military out of my district
under the behest of a military tyrant. Under
the pretext of executing this infamous expatri-
ation law of Kentucky, every outrage has been
committed in Kentucky known to the calen-
dar of crime. Under it there have been
foisted in this House of Representatives from
Kentucky men elected by the bayonet who aided
in carrying out the constitutional amendment
which deprived citizens of Kentucky of their
right to their property, without whose votes
the first or thirteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution could not have been carried through
this House.
If there is any one anywhere who has the
right to complain it is upon the other side, the
true constitutional Union men, the Democracy
of Kentucky.
Kentucky Contested Election.
SPEECH OP HON. G-. M. ADAMS,
op kentucky,
In the House of Representatives,
.Tune. 22, 1868,
On the contested-election caseof MeKeews. Young,
from the ninth congressional district of Kentucky.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I cannot, of
course, hope that anything which I may be able
to say is likely to influence the action of the
House in this case ; but, sir, interested as I
feel in seeing the people of my State, in com-
mon with the other States, represented here
by the man of their choice, and unwilling that
the right of my colleague to this seat, and of
his constituents to choose their own Repre-
sentative shall be here denied, I desire in his
name, and in their behalf, to protest against
this whole proceeding from beginning to end,
and especially against the resolutions now
under consideration, in opposition to which I
propose to submit a few remarks.
■■ Before, however, alluding to this particular
case, I desire to call attention to the extraor-
dinary course which has been pursued with
reference to the other members elected from
the State of Kentucky, against whom, I hope
I may be pardoned ;for saying, the most fla-
grant and unjust discrimination has been made
by the majority on this floor. What, sir, are
the facts ? On the 3d day of July last, seven
of the members duly elected and accredited
from that State, were refused seats upon this
floor. All of them against whom any charge
of disloyalty was made, no matter how vague
and indefinite the charge, were at once refused
admissioa until their loyalty should be invest-
igated and reported upon by a committee to
whom their credentials were referred. And
not only was this the case with those against
whom the charge of disloyalty was made, but
three of those members, Mr..Beck, Mr. Jokes,
and Mr. Grover, against whom, no suclu
charges were made, and against whose quali-
fications no objection could be urged, wfere
also refused admission, and their credentials
likewise referred to this committee for invest-
igation and report. It may seem strange that
these three gentlemen against whom nothing
could then be urged and against whose admis-
sion you have since decided that there was no
good ground for objection, should have been thus
deprived for many months of the seats to which
they had been constitutionally elected ; but it
is nevertheless true that at the time their cre-
dentials were thus referred no charge of dis-
loyalty or disqualification had been made
against them, and no member of the House
then professed to know himself or to have
information from others that any such charges
could or would be made against either of them.
When, however, the Tennessee delegation, all
of whom were known to $gree politically with
the majority on this floor, presented themselves
in November following, a different rule entirely
was observed. Charges of disloyalty were dis-
tinctly made, and the evidence upon which the
charges were founded presented to the House
against two of t^e members from that State,
Colonel Stokes and Mr. Mullins. Against
the former was produced his famous letter of
May 10, 18G1, known as the Duncan letter, in
which lie commends Governor Harris for his
preparations to resist the armies of the Union,
and declares that he has enrolled his name as
a volunteer for that purpose. Against the
latter was produced the certificate of an officer
of the Federal Army, declaring that he heard
Colonel Mullins in 18G1, in a public speech
encouraging and exhorting the young men of
Tennessee to enlist in the rebel army, saying
that he himself was prevented from doing so
only in consequence of his infirmity and old
age. And yet, these two gentlemen are at
once admitted without even an investigation
of these charges.
Sir, I cannot understand, and the country
will not be able to understand why the charge
of disloyalty should not exclude members from
one State as well as from another. And espe-
cially why these members from Tennessee, thus
charged and thus convicted of disloyalty, should
be willingly admitted, while members from
Kentucky, whose loyalty is unchallenged, and
whose qualifications are unquestioned should,
at the same time, be excluded. I allude to
these things now, Mr. Speaker, not so much
by way of complaint as for the purpose of
showing to what an extent party feeling and
political prejudice seem to have controlled the
action of the House on these subjects, and for
the purpose of appealing to the majority here
to discard all such considerations in the investi-
gation of this case, which I hope may be
decided according to the requirements of jus-
tice, of reason, and of law. I know the par-
tiality which, from political considerations, the
majority in this House naturally feel for the
contestant in this case, and I am aware of the
prejudice and opposition which, for the same
reason, is felt against the member-elect, Judge
Young. But, sir, I beg to remind the House
that this is not a political question, and is not
to be decided according to our preferences or
our feelings, but a question of right to be
determined by this House in accordance with
fixed laws and established precedents beyond
which it cannot go for the gratification of any
personal or political feeling.
The committee have, in this case, made two
different reports, the first on the 23d day of
March last, after several months' deliberation
with all the facts of this case before them, in
which they say that Judge Young has a major-
ity of 6 votes, even assuming to be correct
certain positions taken by the contestant, but
as to the correctness of which they are careful
not to express any opinion, as such opinion
. (if consistent with their former rulings) must
h&ve beenadverse to positions assumed by the
contestant. They, however, further report that
8 persons 'who voted for Judge Young are
proved to have been deserters. Thus leaving
the House to infer, what they themselves were
unwilling in terms todeclare, that JudgeYoung's
legal majority was only 5 votes, which might
be overcome by excluding the 8 deserters
named.
This report, however, not being deemed
sufficient, the case was a few days since recom-
mitted and accordingly a second report was
made, declaring the contestant McKee elected
by a majority of 41 votes. This last report
not only differs widely from the first, but is ia
direct conflict with the opinions expressed by
the committee in other cases. And I must
say that they have in this case shown a facility
for changing their opinions and for shifting
around from one position to another such as
I have never seen exhibited by any body of
honest men charged with the investigation of
so important a question.
It is admitted that ftie returns show the
election of Judge Young by a majority of 1479.
Let us see-, therefore, how the committee dis-
pose of this large majority and bring about
the election of the contestant McKee. First,
they report that of those who voted for Judge
Young 625 were engaged in the rebellion, who
are therefore disqualified from voting. But,
sir, this class of persons have under, the con-
stitution and laws of Kentucky, the right to
vote; and if the people of Kentucky have the
right to determine who shall vote at their
elections then there can be no doubt or ques-
tion as to the legality of these votes. And as
to the right of each State to regulate the ques-
tion of suffrage for themselves it is a doctrine
so well settled and so long and so universally
admitted that no argument seems necessary
now to establish its correctness.
It will certainly be admitted that the States
originally had the right to control this subject,
as, indeed, they had the right to control all other
subjects by which they were to be affected. It
is true, that in the adoption of the Constitu-
tion some of the original rights possessed by
the States were surrendered for the common
good of the country and many of them dele-
gated to the General Government; but the right
to regulate the question of suffrage for them-
selves is one of the original rights which has
never been thus delegated or surrendered, and
of course still remains with the States, where
alone it can properly be exercised.
Besides, the Constitution itself is explicit
upon this point. It says :
" The House of Representatives shall be composed
of members chosen every second year by the people
of the several States, and the electors in each State
shall have the qualifications requisite for electors of
the most numerous branch of the State Legislature."
Thus showing that it was not intended that
the General Government should ever estab-
lish any qualification for voters except such as
the States might require in the election of
members to the State Legislature.
But, sir, in addition to this, I would com-
mend to the consideration of the Republican
side of the House one of the resolutions adopted
by the national Republican convention, which
recently met at Chicago, to which my colleague
[Mr. Trimble] has already alluded, and which,
t imagine, all Republicans, at least, will regard
as good authority on this subject. It says:
"The guarantee by Congress of equal suffrage to all
loyal men at the South was demanded by every con-
sideration of public safety, of gratuude, and of jus-
tice, and must be maintained; while the question of
suffrage in all the loyal States properly belongs to
the people of those States."
Here the Republican party declare that while
Congress had the right to enfranchise the
negroes of the South, the question of suffrage
in the loyal States belongs not in Congress, but
| to the people of the States to regulate for them-
: selves. How, then, can any man who belongs
to that party and stands pledged to support the
