2896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
The original^ bill required for the ratification
of the constitutions "a majority of the votes
of the electors qualified.'' My colleague moved
to amend it so that it would read, the consti-
tutions should be " ratified by a majority of all
the electors registered." It was thought by
Senators that the provision, as proposed to be
amended, would be construed so as to require
a majority of all the registered voters to vote
in favor of ratification.
I opposed the amendment, and maintained
that only a majority of the votes given was
required by the bill; that a majority of'the
votes given ought to determine the result; and
I maintained that the "effect of the amend-
ment will be to retard the adoption of these
constitutions and to postpone the admission of
these States." I declared that under the con-
struction requiring a majority of the votes
registered to be given for ratification "not
one of these constitutions is sure of adoption
and I protested against any vote or any legis-
lation that tended to cheek or hinder the
organization of these States.
On that occasion the Senator from New
York_ wished to know of me if I was in favor
of bringing in States without having any evi-
dence that a majority of their people were in
favor of their coming in. In reply to the Sen-
ator's questions I maintained that a majority
voting on ratification ought to determine the
result; that the more united the people were
in favor of the .constitution the fewer would be
the votes given; that the contest would be on
the choice of delegates, and I would not object
to requiring a majority of the registered voters
to vote for or against a convention on the day
the delegates were elected. I closed my re-
marks by saying: ''Therefore, sir, I think that
we ought to leave the ratification of these con-
stitutions to a majority of the people of these
States who cast their votes. They will be
registered; they will go to the ballot-box at
the election for delegates. Then they will con-
sider the great battle fought. When they elect
delegates and when the constitutions are gen-
erally acquiesced in they will think the contest
is alt over. It is proposed that after all this,
■unless a majority of them go to the ballot-box
and vote for these constitutions the work shall
belost. Why should that be? What is to be
gained by it? Can we not trust the majority
of the men who vote? I think we can, and I
shall so vote."
The amendment of my colleague was re-
jected by a vote of 19 to 25, and my vote is
recorded in the negative.
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmuiwk]
then moved that at least three filths of all the
registered voters should vote upon the question
of ratification of the constitutions. Nineteen
Senators voted for the proposition, twenty-one
against it, and my name is recorded in the
negative. The honorable Senator from Ver-
mont then moved to amend the bill so as to
require a majority of all the registered voters
to vote upon the question of ratification, and
this amendment was adopted—yeas 24, nays
14. My name is recorded in the negative.
This amendment introduced by the Senator
from Vermont thus became a part of the law,
and under its operations the friends of recon-
struction failed in Alabama, and would have
failed in the other States if Congress had not
hastened to repeal it by a vote approaching ■
unanimity. • It was that provision, requiring
that a majority of the registered voters should
vote for or against ratification, that I opposed
by speech and vote, and which 1" have ever
condemned both as a matter of principle and
of policy.
The honorable Senator from Missouri [Mr.
I)i:ake] then moved so to amend the bill as to
require that on the day for election of delegates
the registered voters should vote for or against
a convention. I supported that amendment,
declaring that I saw a marked distinction
beUv eeu taking the sense of the people on the
day of the election of delegates and taking the
sense of the people called to adopt or reject
the constitution, I maintained that the great I
struggle in each of the States would be on the
day of election of delegates; I maintained that
on that day there would be a struggle for the
control of the conventions; I maintained that
if the rebels were beaten, if they lost the con-
ventions, they would, if we gave them the
privilege of being counted, stay at home and
keep everybody else at home. I illustrated my
position by saying : " There is to be an elec-
tion on the fourth Monday of April, I under-
stand, in New York, to elect 'delegates to a
constitutional convention. There will be a
great struggle; there will be a large vote on
that day; but let that convention meet and
make a constitution, and let it be one on which
parties agree generally, and then submit it to
the people on a day on which there is no other
election, and if it brings out two hundred
thousand of the eight hundred thousand voters
of New York it will be a miracle."
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmuxds]
moved to add as a proviso to the section intro-
duced on motion of the Senator from Missouri,
''that such convention shall not be held unless
a majority of all the registered voters shall
have voted on the question of holding such
convention." This amendment was adopted—
yeas 21, nays 18. My name is recorded in
the affirmative, in accordance with the views
I had expressed. To gratify Senators who
were anxious that a majority of the registered
voters in each State should pronounce in favor
of reconstruction, I was willing that the people
should vote for or against the constitution on
the day of the election of delegates. I so de-
clared and so acted, and the result in the ten
States vindicated my recorded opinions and
votes. The people in the ten States voted for
conventions by more than two hundred thou-
sand majority. Alabama gave a majority of
eighty-live thousand for the convention, cast-
ing a larger vote by more than twenty-five
thousand on the day of the election of dele-
gates than on the day for the ratification of the
constitution.
I say to the honorable Senator from New
York, who thinks I spoke with great emphasis,
that I intended no reflection on him or on any
other Senator. I said nothing about self-evi-
dent truths. I thought the provision requiring
a majority of all the registered voters to vote
for or against the ratification of the constitu-
tions was a sad mistake when it was adopted.
I believed that it endangered reconstruction ;
I so said, and I voted against it, and struggled
against it in the committee of conference, and
only acquiesced in it when I could no longer
help myself.
Sir, 1 close with the expression of the hope
that the Senate will adopt the pending amend-
ment; that Alabama will be incorporated into
the bill and receive the support of the Senate,
and its support under any circumstances that
may arise.
Mr. CONKLING-. Like the Senator from
Massachusetts, I shall take no time of the Sen-
ate. I beg him to understand that it was no part
of my wish to fasten upon him an inconsistency
or to impute to him any improper disposition
toward other members of this body. I thought
that his denunciation bore great emphasis ; I
think so now; and I am not willing to sit quiet
under the statement of the Senator, that 1
have mistaken or misstated his position on the
amendment to the vote oil which I yesterday
alluded. Now, Mr. President, with the record
in my hand, I reiterate what 1 said yesterday,
and I say to the Senator, if he will look at it,
he will find that his opposition was to a differ-
ent amendment; different in form and differ-
ent in substance; and I will state to him what
it was. It was an amendment requiring a
majority of all the registered votes to be oast
in favor of the constitution. That proposition,
as I slated yesterday, he opposed. He did
illustrate it, as he says now, and as I well
remember, by an election which was about to
occur in the State of New York; and he will
find that that debate had no reference whatever
to the provision as it stands in the law, but was
directed against the provision which I have
just now stated. I can scarcely see, if he
has looked at the record, (as I think he has,
because I handed it to him yesterday,) how, in
the face of the list of the yeas and nays to
which I referred, which was the test vote upon
this proposition and nothing else, the vote
which determined whether it should be added
to the bill or omitted from the bill, and upon
which question he voted in the affirmative, he
ventures to say that I was wrong in the state-
ment that I made, and that he knew I was at
the time. I have no doubt he thought he knew
I was.
I intended, without his interposing, to state
his vote from the record, but as the Senator
was a little quick in interposing that " of course
he voted for the bill," and stating that he
voted for it in spite of this proposition, and
that he fought this all the way through, I admit
1 led him to assume his position about it to
the end that I might read the record about it;
but I beg him to understand that I had no
malice in that. I thought that a fair and good-
natured advantage which he chose to give me.
But there is no doubt whatever that he voted
for the amendment as a majority of his asso-
ciates did; and however'' sell-evidently wrong"
it may have been—because I beg the Senator's
pardon—he did use that expression 
Mr. WILSON. No, sir ; I have looked at
my remarks, and it is not in them.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I beg pardon; I have
not looked to see ; but I am not the only Sen-
ator sitting quite near who misunderstood my
friend if he did not use that expression.
However clear I will say it may be to him now
that this was fallacious, it was clear at the time
to the majority of his associates that it was
wise, and it was sufficiently clear to him to
induce him to vote for it, as the record shows.
Mr. WILSON. I do not wish to take up
time by continuing this controversy, but I
repeat precisely what I have said, that the
provision of law under which this failure took
place, I voted against and opposed from the
beginning to the end; while the provision of
the third section, requiring a majority of the
registered voters to vote on the day of the
election of delegates for or against a conven-
tion, I voted for and spoke for, and that pro-
vision has executed itself and was entirely safe.
We carried the conventions under it, obtaining
a majority of nearly six hundred thousand.
The provision of the other section under which
we have lost the Alabama constitution, I
was against from the beginning to the end, and
opposed. That is the distinction.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, then, let me read
the proposition upon which the yeas and nays
were taken and see who was right:
" The constitution shall be ratified by a majority
of the votes ol tko doctors, qualified as herein speci-
fied, cast at said election, at least one half of all the
registered voters voting upon the Question.'*'
The yeas and nays were taken upon that,
and the Senator voted yea. Now, I want
to know where it is in that proposition that
anything is to be found about the choice of
delegates ?
Mr. SUMNER.. As I see the Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] in his place, I will
now, "with the permission of the Senate, com-
plete the correction of an error into which he
fell yesterday, and which I promised to do to-
day.^ I do not do it, however, merely to correct
the Senator, but because 1 think it important
to establish a historical fact which is of great
interest in the history of reconstruction, and
also affects, as I think, criminally the Presi-
dent ot the United States. The Senator from
Wisconsin leaned upon Benjamin F. Perry, of
South Carolina, as an authority, quoting him
as a Union man. I replied that he was not a
Union man, but that he was a rebel in the rebel
service. The "Senator denied it. I introduced
then a speech which he made in the month of
May, 1801, iu which he said openly that ho
contributed a son and a negro to the confeder-
ate army, and that, if needed, he was ready to
go forth into the war himself. I then said that
1 had at home further evidence showing that
