*88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January IS,
has been offered as an amendment, is undoubt-
edly constitutional, because the principle
involved in determining a quorum of the court
is simply the principle involved in the second
section, which declares that a certain number
of judges must concur before the court can
decide a law of the United States unconstitu- ■
tional. And, sir, this provision is reasonable,
view it from what stand-point you may. There
is a rule of law that we are all perfectly farnil- ;
iar with, that whenever there is a doubt in the
mind of the court as to the constitutionality of
a law it is to be resolved in favor of the law, i
that the legislative department of the Govern-
ment has properly exercised its power. Every
lawyer understands this principle; and, sir, the
fact that you have a divided court proves of
itself that the question before it is in doubt, :
and therefore we would not be straining the
power conferred on us by the Constitution by
requiring that in all such eases a unanimous
judgment of the Supreme Court should be had
before any act of Congress could be declared
to be unconstitutional, as such unanimity is
the strongest evidence we could reasonably ask
of the absence of any such doubt in the minds
of members of the court.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I would
ask the gentleman if the logical result of the
doubt is not the doctrine of unanimity for
•which I am contending ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not question
that.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I would
ask further whether we are not bound as legis-
lators, admitting the principle to be right, as
we all do, to exact the highest security that
the nature of the case admits ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. In regard to that
we may exercise our discretion.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. One
question more. How much do you add to the
security by your amendment making two
thirds necessary? Do you add any more than
one vote or one voice? i
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the House should
agree with the gentleman it will adopt his ,
proposition. But my own judgment is that
the better rule is the one presented by the
amendment reported by the committee.
Now, sir, instead of this being an extreme
and radical measure, as represented by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Mabshall,] it
is a conservative measure. A friend near me
reminds me that that is why he is opposed to
it. [Laughter.] It coneerns the public inter-
ests and will tend to surround thedecisions of
the Supreme Court with the respect of the
people. We are simply declaring that the
Supreme Court of the Cnited States shall not
have legislative power without tllfe concurrence
at l£ast of two thirds of its members. That
body makes law when it decides a case. It
makes law fropa which there is no appeal ex-
cept in that indirect way which goes to the
people at the ballot-box.. And it is not merely
a legislative rule but an organic rule which
is established by the Supreme Court by the
decisions which it utters; and it is our duty
as members of the legislative department of
the Government to protect the people and to
protect the Government against an accidental
creation of organic law by that court. As was
well said by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Spauhxg,] that court may make organic law
through the vote of one member, override
the enactments of Congress, and determine
any principle based upon our legislation-or upon
anything else. I ask, therefore, whether we
are insisting upon too great latitude of power
for the protection for the people of the coun-
try when we say that in the exercise of this
gigantic, crushing power at least two thirds of
the limited number of gentlemen constituting
that court shall concur before they declare the
unconstitutionality of a law or affirm a new
principle of organic law?
Mr. MUNGEN. Will the gentleman allow
me a single question? Under the provision
of this bill, there beinj* eight members of the
court, how are you going to divide it so as to
get two thirds ? [Laughter.] Yob must take
three fourths.
{ Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman
j has forgotten what he learned at school, I
i think. If he will take the whole number and
divide it by three, and then add two thirds
together, he will find how many it will take to
constitute the number.
Mr. PRUYN. The gentleman talks about
the ''one-man power," and about the vote of
oue judge turning the scale and deciding a
question. I would ask if that is anything
different from the rule and practice in this
House? You want ninety votes to carry a
measure and you have only eighty-nine ; one
member comes iu and carries it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Certainly, sir; the
powers of this House are different.
Mr. PRUYN. The principle is precisely the
same.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I am talking about
the principles involved in the Constitution, and
the provisions of the Constitution put a check
upon us by vesting the veto power in the Pres-
ident and requiring two thirds of both branches
of Congress to override that veto.
Mr. PRUYN. But if the President con-
curs?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Then you have got
the concurrence of two thirds of the branches
of the Government.
Mr. PRUYN. But it is the one-man power
after all. '
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. No, sir; it is the .
concurrence of two branches of the Govern-
ment, the Government being constituted of
three, and it is the same principle that we are
contending for to-day in the proposed second (
section of this bill.
Mr. Speaker, I do not wish to trespass upon
the time of the House longer. I have no doubt,
nor have I at any time had any, about our power :
to pass this bill or about the propriety of it, ;
and I hope the House will pass it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The bill and the pending amendments were
then read.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to lay the bill
•and the pending amendments on the table, and
upon that motion I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas aud nays were ordered.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. , I rise to a question
of order. I submit that the order of the House
was that the vote should be taken without dila-
tory motions.
The SPEAKER. Under a suspension of
the rules the House ordered that after the pre-
vious question should be seconded and the
debate closed the vote should be taken without
entertaining dilatory motions.
Mr. R,OSS, We have a right to adjourn.
Mr. BROOKS. It is a constitutional right.
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to
entertain the motion.
Mr. ROBINSON. That is the point on
which I propose to appeal.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Ross] is on the floor making one
point of ordqr, and the Chair can entertain
only one at a time.
Mr. ROBINSON. I rose when the gentle-
man from Illinois had yielded the floor to take
what I now take, an appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. ROSS. He has a right to do that.
The SPEAKER. Under the order of the
House that the vote shall be taken without
entertaining dilatory motions the Chair de-
clines to entertain, the motion that the House
do now adjourn. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Robinson] appeals from the deci -
ion of the Chair, and the question is, "Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment
of the House?"
Mr. GARFIELD. Is not that a dilatory
motion?
Mr. ROBINSON. On that question I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The question was put on ordering the yeas
and nays; and on a division there were—21 in
the affirmative to 112 in the negative. •
Mr. ROBINSON called for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Robin-
son and Broomall were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
thirty-three in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was, "Shall the decision ol
the Chair stand as the judgment of the
House?"
The SPEAKER. As the Chair did not
have before him at the time he made his
decision the resolution upon which that de-
cision was based, he would ask that the res-
olution be read before the roll is called.
Mr. ROBINSON. Is it in order to read
that resolution now?
The SPEAKER. It is not, as objection is
made. The Clerk will call the roll.
Several Mkmbeks. Let the resolution bo
read.
Mr. ROBINSON. Well, I will withdraw
my objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot con-
sent to have the resolution read now. _ .
The question was then taken ; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 120, nays 25,
not voting 37 ; as follows :
yeas—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Arnoll, Delos r.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Beaman, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blair.
Boutwell, Bromwcll, Broomall, Buckland.Burr, Cake,
Chanler, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Cobarn, Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge,
Donnelly, Egglcston, Ela, Elclridge, Eliot, rains-
worth, Fcrriss, Fwry, Garfield, Gravely, Griswold,
llaight, Harding, Hawkins, Higby, Hill, Hooper,
Hopkins, Cheater D. llubbard, Hul_burd, Hunter,
Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kclley, Kelsey,
Kerr, Kctcham, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, William
Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Loughridpro, Mal-
lory, Marshall, Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy, Mc-
, Clurg, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell,
Morrissey.Mullins, Myers, Newcomb.Nunn, O'Neilh
Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Phelps, Pike, Pile,
Poland. Pomcroy, Price, Kaum, Robertson, Sawyer,
I Schenck, Scofield, Shanks, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spald-
' ing, Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes, Taylor, Thomas, John
Trimble, Trowbridge. Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam,
j Robert'!. Van Horn, Ward,CadwaladerC. Washburn.
Elihu B. W ash bur n e, Henry D. Washburn, Welker,
i .Thomas Williams, William Williams, James V. WU-
son, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom,
i and Wood bridge—126.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Barnum, Brooks,
Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Grover, Hotchkiss,
Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Johnson, McCor-
mick, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson, Pruyn, Robin-
son, Ross. Stone, Tabcr, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van
Auken, Wood, and Woodward—25.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Axtell, Barnes,
Beck, Blaine, Boyer, Butler. Cary, Cook, Cornell,
Driggs, Eckley, Fields, Finney, Fox, Ilalsey, Uol-
inan, Asahel W. Hubbard, Jones, Knott, George V.
Lawrence. Lynch, McCullough, Morgan, Plants, Pols-
ley, Randall, Selye, Shellabarger, Starkweather,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Taffe, Burt Van Horn,
Van Trump, Van Wyck, and William B. Wash-
burn—37.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Eldrige that the bill and pending amend-
ments be laid on the table, upon which motion
the yeas and nays had been ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 89, nays 118, not voting
36, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell. Barnaul.
Beck, Brooks, Burr, Chanler, Eldridge, Fox, Geta,
Glossbrenner, Golladay, Grover, llaight, Hawkins,
llolman, Hotclikiss, Humphrey, Johnson, Kerr,
Knott, Marshall, McCormick, Morrissey, Mungen,
Niblack, Nicholson, Phelps, Pruyn, Robinson, Ross,
Sitgreaves, Stone, Taber, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van
Auken, Wood, and Woodward—39.
NAYS—Messrs, Ames, Anderson, Delos R.Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Banks,
Beaman, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Bont-
. well, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland, Cake, Cburchi 11,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Co-
rode, Callom, Dawo:s,Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly,Driggs,
Eggleston, Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth, Perriss, Ferry,
Garfield, Gravely, Griswold, Higby, Hill, Hooper,
Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter,
Ingersoll, Jcnekes, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey,
Ketcham, Kitchen, Koonti, Laflin, William Law-
rence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Loughrktee, Mallory,
Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy, McClurg, Merour, Mil-
ler, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Mullins, Myers,
Newcomb, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pike,
Pile, Poland, Poraeroy, Price, Raum, Robertson,
Sawyer,Schenck, Scofield, Shanks, Smith, Spalding,
Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes, Tavlor, Thomas, John
Trimble, Trowbridge, Twichell,Upson, Van Aernam,
Robert X. Van Horn, Ward, Qadwalsder C. Wash-
