167-2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 14,
souri and Columbia rivers and their branches
will be strong bonds in holding the Atlantic
and Pacific slopes together in the future
settlement of the vast West. Whatever effi-
ciency, though, these may lack, if any, will be
amply supplied by the lines of railroads that
will soon traverse the continent from the Atlan-
tic to the Paciiic. Alaska will soon have a
hardy, active, and enterprising people; trade
and commercewillgrow up to great importance.
Its growth and thrift on the north, the same on
the south in Washington and Idaho Territo-
ries, will make British Columbia sicken and
die as a British province and cause it to spring
into newness of life as territory of the United
States. Already the people of that province
are agitating the question of a trausfer of alle-
giance from the British Cruwn to the Govern-
ment of the United States. While the people
of the province may have little or no power in
the premises, their expression shows how very
unnatural and forced is their present allegiance,
and how much more prosperous that people
and province would be as citizens and territory
of the United States. Statesmanship, it seems
to me, dictates that this House should acqui-
esce without hesitation in the treaty made with
-Russia and at once make the appropriation.
Mr. Speaker, finding the direction in which
the debate was drifting upon this subject, 1 felt
it my duty to gather, if possible, some little
information with relerence to that section ol the
Continent. It is true we have none ol us much
information. All the sources have been mea-
ger. Still we have been able to gather some
information on the subject; and 1 have no doubt
that when the Committee on Foreign Affairs
come to report upon this matter we shall be
furnished with much more than I have in my
possession, and that the House will be much
more enlightened on this question. But in the
njean time I have done what 1 could to get
information upon the subject.
Among other things X obtained a letter from
a gentleman in the city of Boston who, from
the year 1824, I believe, to 1827 and 182^,
passed some three years or more upon that
coast. I call the attention of members to that
letter, for much very valuable information will
be found in it, and I have no doubt it will
prove far more interesting to them than any-
thing that i can say. It is as follows:
Washington, D. C., December 16,1SG7.
DbaeSih: It is with pleasure that I now comply
with j our request tor information in respect to our
newly-acquired Territory ot Alaska, being recollec-
tions and reminiscences uf a Visit made there m my
youth.
I sailed from Boston, Massachusetts, my native
place, m 1824, in the brigGnilon.of one hundred and
eighty tons, bound to what was then called the "N orth-
west Coast of America." The object of the voyage
was to purchaso lurs lor the China market.
We arrived at the harbor ot Ciiutsena, situated on
the western side ot Chatham straits, about latitude
55° 30' north, Territory ot Alaska, in April, l&io.
There we tound a porti^ of a large tnbo uf In-
dians, which inhabited Prince ol Wales Island. The
general name of that race of natives was ' Skitte-
gates," and they occupy not only the large island ot
Trince of Wales, but the line island or country ol
Queen Charlotte's, to the south. These people are
of rather largo stature, active, energetic, and uncom-
monly intelligent, and. very tricndly to the whites;
the latter called by these Indians "yates hardi," or
" iron men." Here we relreshed ourselves with hal-
ibut, deer, ducks, &c., and purchased some turs—sea
otters, landotters, beavers, martins, and minks.
We then, visited Ciigamey, a little to the north of
Cape Murray, latitude 51° 40', where we met with
another portion ot the same tribe above named;
thence to port of Skittegates, Queen Charlotte's
Island: then north again to several places in Chath-
am's straits and Stickme btraits. .Not to weary you
with too many particulars, Iwillstate generally tuat
we continued to cruise from port to port during that
whole year and the following ones until September,
1828, within the limits of latitude 5<3*°up to Sitka,
latitude57°, and will give the general results ol my
observations ancl experience in that portion of Alaska
Territory.
That whole region is of a mountainous character,
cut up into islands and peninsulas by straits, sounds,
and arms of the sea. Good and excellent harbors
are innumerable.
Forests of timber cover the land from mountain
top to water's edge. Spruce, Norway pine, beach,
maple, cedar, and hemlock principally abound. Fur-
bearmg animals are abundant, some ot which I have
already named. The waters of the sea, rivers, and
creeks are filled with fish, such as halibut, cod,
salmon, Among the smaller kinds u one very
abundant", resembling a smelt in appearance, of a
rich, oily quality. These tho natives take Iromthe
rivers in vast numbers in early spring; putinto
cedar boxes for winter use and lor traffic with inte-
rior tribes for furs. The Irish potato is extensively
cultivated on Prince of Wales island and Queen
Charlotte's island. The latter, particularly, is tho
best I have over met with. The fruits are raspber-
ries, strawberries, thimbleberries, and blackberries.
Game is very plenty, deer, bear, and beaver—the
latter excellent eating—geese, mallard ducks, &c.
Eggs of the soa fowl form an article of traffic. Tho
largest portion aro brought by the natives m canoes
from Forrester's island, which lies oft Prince of W ales
island. Such is the multitude of birds frequenting
that island (Forrester's)that I have nodoubt avaju-
ble deposit of guano may be found there. The isl-
and has never been explored that I know of, though
it is often sighted, and seems covered with a cloud
of sea-fowls. , , . „ ., .
In mineral riches the southern portion of Alaska
is extensive. I have seen anthracite and cannel
coal, iron ore, virgin copper—a large natural deposit
of tho latter is found on the northern end of Prince
of Wales Island. The natives make much use of it
for handles of daggers, nails, and household articles.
Climate.
It is mild and equable. The first year I was on
that coast I kept a register of the thermometer,
which is unfortunately mislaid. From leeollection,
I may say, tho thermometer never fell below25° above
zero in winter or rose above 00° in summer, showing
the annual average to be about 42*°.
Snow seldom fell; when it did it soon disappeared.
Rains, howover, are very frequent. Perhaps threo
quarters of the year is rainy, cloudy, or foggy.
We often wondered tho causc of the mildness and
wetness of tho climate, but scientific research has
explained by attributing it to the warm ocean cur-
rent (similar to the Gulf Stream in the Atlantic)
which has been traced running from the Bay of
Panama, tho equator, to Luzon and China sea and
its coast, Japan islands. Fox islands, Ounalaska, to
the coasts of Alaska, British America, California, to
Bay of Panama again. Prince of Wales island cor-
responds in temperature to Baltimore.
As to tho winds, we had strong and frequent gales
in winter from the southeast, but never experienced
hurricanes or cyclones at any time, or anything
approaching the tempests found on the Atlantic
coast and other purls of the woi Id. During the three
and a half years of winter and summer I parsed in
southern Alaska, with eight orten American vessels
cruising for furs along its coasts ajid straits, I never
knew of a shipwreck or serious damage occurring to
any of them. Hardly a spar was ever carried away.
It is one, if not tho most healthful climate in the
world. Among the large number of men comprising
the crowsof the above-mentioned vessels not a single
death occurred during the whole period named, nor
a case of sickness, except sexual ones. The harbors
are never frozen up or thick ice formed. The navi-
gation is excellent. Deep water everywhere, even
close to the shores. All reefs and sunken rocks are
buoyed by nature with kelp, giving warning to the
mariner. The rise and fall of tide is considerable.
Sandy beaches in good harbors, wi$h friendly natives,
afford opportunity to careen vessels for cleaning or
repairing. It is a singular fact, however, that the
copper sheathing on ships bottoms never wears out
in that region. 1 have known it to be worn eleven
years without deterioration.
Whales, both sperm and right, were seen in great
numbers by us; also hair and some- fur seal. Ex-
tensive banks lor cod fishery extend off northern and
southern Alaska coasts, and will soon bo generally
used by fishing vessels fitted out from California,
Oregon, and Washington Territory, as well as from
Sandwich islands.
General Observations.
Since our glorious republican empirohas extended
itself to the shores of the Pacific I have been much
impressed with the future certainty that its sover-
eignty will embrace, sooner or later, all North Amer-
ica, and I have fondly looked upon Alaska, since its
acquisition, as destined to be tho New England of
the Pacific States, lurnishing by immigration and
settlement a similar hardy, industrious community
of shipbuilders, fishermen, and toilers of tho sea and
land.
Whatevermaybe said, true or untrue, in disparage-
ment of the northern portion of Alaska, above lati-
tude 57°, the southern portion, which my remarks
embrace, is alone, in my judgment, well worth the
$7,200,000 stipulated in the lato treaty with Russia
as the price.
Aside from the intrinsic value as estimated, it is
worth, in the eyes ot thesagacious statesman, a greater
value for the purpose of preventing or avoiding any
and all cause of luture difference with our great and
true friend, the Russian nation, whether growing out
of occupation of contiguous territory, commercial,
navigating, or fishing rivalry in that part of the
world. TheUnited States andRussiacannot now or
hereafter have any cause of difficulty, but, on the
contrary, everyreason to continuethebestof friends.
These two nations are destined to go hand in hand
in progress and civilization, and in extending the
blessings of Christianity over all their lespcctive
people and over all the northern hemisphere, and
will one day, not far distant, dominate the whole
world I *
I will close by adding that in regard to north-
western Alaska, with its line harbors and proximity
to the Arctic fishing grounds, frequented by over one
hundred American whale ships, soon to increase to
double that number, it will become of great value to
us as a place of resort for repairs and shelter of those
vessels while pursuing their dangerous and hardy
vocation. Information recently received is io the
effect that our whaloships are warned off the opposite
coast and harbors belonging to Russia; hence Alaska
harbors become more necessary to us.
I am, sir, yours, very truly,
HENRY A. PEIRCE,
Merchant ofJJostou*
Hon. William Higbt,
Member of Congress from California.
I have also from Blodgett's Climatology of
the United States some notes containing ob-
servations for a period of twenty-five years in
Alaska in reference to the climatology of that
section of the world, which I obtained through
the kindness of the Commissioner of Public
Lands, whose letter here precedes the notes
furnished by him:
Department or the I^tehior,
Genkral Land Office, December 18,1867.
Sir: Referring to your request in letter of 14th
instant for infoimation in rcgaid to the "Clima-
tology of Alaska." I havetlie honor to transmit here-
with a synopsis of the report upon the subject recently
made by Lorin Blodgett, Esq., pursuant to a call for
information on the subject.
I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH S. WILSON, Commissioner,
Hon. William Higby, House of Representatives.
Climatology of Alaska.
The isothermal lines on this map were trticed by
Lorin Blodgett, Esq., author of Blodgett's Climatol-
ogy of the United States, at the special requestof the
Commissioner ot the General LandOffice. The trans-
fer of the late Russian possessions to the jurisdiction
of tho United States has rendered accessible the very
accurate and extensive meteorological statistics col-
lected by authority of the Russian Government tor
a peiiod of twenty-five years. From a carcful and
laborious examination of these statistics Mr. Blod-
gett has arrived at tho following conclusions:
1. The west coast of North Auicrica tromPrinco of
Wales island to Alaska peninsulais the equivalentin
winter of tho cast coast of the United States from
Baltimore to Portland, Maine. Prince ot Wales isl-
and is the equivalent of Baltimore and Philadelphia;
Sitka is the equivalent of New York city, and K.0-
diak is the equivalent of Portland, Maine.
2. This coast of Russian America represents in
winter the north coast of Scotland and the west eoast
ot Norway. On the east of#Asia its equivalent for the
same season is the coast from a point south of Pokin
to the northern islands of Japan and Kamtschatka.
3. The summer climate of the coast of Russian
America compares with the summer climate of the
British provinces north of Halifax and the coast of
Newfoundland, Sitka being warmer than St. John's,
Newfoundland.
4. The summer equivalents in Europe are the
north of England, from Lancaster on the west coast,
and the whole west eoast of Norway from Bergen
northward. Lancaster, England, is but one degree
warmer for the summer than Sitka. In Asia the
summer equivalent is the coast of the sea of Okhotsk
and the Island of Kamtschatka.
5. The equivalents in mean temperatures for tho
year are found on the coastof Maine. Bath, Maine,
corresponds with Prince of Wales island : Ea^-tport,
Maine, beingthe equivalentof Sitka, and St. John's,
Newfoundland, corresponding with Kodiak island
and the Alaska peninsula. The Maine observatory
at Portland has almost the exact mean annual tem-
perature of Sitka. .
6. In Europe the whole Baltic coast from Konigs-
burg northward has thesamo average temperature a3
the coast of Russian America Irom Prinee of Wales
island to Norton sound. In Asia the Kurilo islands,
the sea of Okhotsk, and Kamtschatka are the like
equivalents.
Generally Prussian America has a full maritime
and insular climate, highly lavorable to forests and
grasses, with no severe winter weather, but with cool,
damp summers. By comparisons at the foot ot tho
table of mean temperatures it will be seen that tho
eoldest winter months are not colder than the coldest
in New York harbor; they are not nearly so cold as
the eoldest at Albany, New Yoik. They are not so
cold by two or three degrees as the coldest at St.
Louis, and they are not so cold by twenty degrees on
the average of each month as the coldest at St. Paul,
Minnesota.
This peculiarly mild winter renders the measure
of summer heat of much less importance than it would
be with the severe winters of Albany, New York, and
St. Paul, Minnesota.
As the consequence of the facts of climate devel-
oped above the entire coast and island surface not
mountainous must be capable of pasturage aud cul-
tivation from the southern boundary to latitude f>9°
north, with much of the peninsula of Alaska and
Kodiak island. The surface is valuable for its lore^ts
in many cases where the soil is not level enough tor
cultivation. With our present limited knowledge of
the character of the surface and of the presence or
absence of precipitous mountains on the coast and
islands it would not probably be sate to estimate the
valuable suiface capable of sale, as the lands of tho
United States are elsewhere sold, above twenty thou-
sand square miles. This would, ot course, not include
any part of the continent north of Prince William's
sound, or adjacent to Cook'sstrait; the country of the
Kwichpak and Youkon rivers. And it is also sup-
posed that most of the Alaska peninsula is too rough
in surface for the occupation ol us lands. The whole
country, however, is remarkable for its capacity to
sustain animal life, for its profusion of game, of wild
