3920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
a modification of my amendment at the sug-
gestion of the Senator from California, and
have farther modified it, so that it now reads :
No State whose inhabitants weroby llic proclama-
tion of the President of tho United States of August
16, 1SG1, declared to be in a state of insurrection,
shall be entitled to representation in tho Electoral
College for the choice of President and Vice Presi-
dent of the United States, nor shall any electoral
>.-ote be received or counted from any such State,
uuless at the time prescribed by law for thochoicc of
such electors the State shall have become entitled to
representation in Congress under the reconstruction
acts thereof, nor unless the electors shall have been
chosen under and by authority of a State govern-
ment theretofore recognized by Congress as lawful
and permanent, and not provisional.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to ask the Sena-
tor one question in reference to this modifica-
tion. I understand the amendment now to be
applicable to those States which were pro-
claimed by the proclamation of 1861 to be in
insurrection. Am I right?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Virginia was declared
in that proclamation to be in insurrection, ex-
cept that part of Virginia lying west of the
Alleghanies. That did not describe correctly
the present State of West Virginia. On the
contrary, a considerable part of West Virginia
was embraced within that proclamation as
West Virginia stands to-day. What is to be
come of her under a description like that?
She has never been readmitted, and she was
proclaimed in insurrection as she stood geo-
graphically.
Mr. D RAKE. West Virginia ?
Mr. CONKLING. A large portion of West
Virginia.
Mr. DRAKE. Never.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the Senator
will not say "never" without looking at the
proclamation, because if he will look at it he
will see that Virginia was declared to be in
insurrection except that part lying west ot'the
Alleghanies. Well, a large portion of West
Virginia does lie west of the Alleghanies, b it
some of West Virginia also lies east of the Alle-
ghanies, and that portion of West Virginia was
and is embraced in the proclamation. I ask
him whatsort of a question are we going to get
up iii that regard if wc adopt this language.
Mr. DRAKE. I would say to the honorable
Senator from New York that the State of West
Virginia was not named in the proclamation
at all.
_ Mr. CONKLING. The Slate of West Vir-
ginia was not then created. It was all Virginia ;
but anticipating the erection of West Virginia
and the division of the State, Mr. Lincoln
pointed out what lie supposed would be the
boundaries. When the State came to be erected
it was not confined to those boundaries, but went
over and took a portion of the territory which
was and is embraced within that proclama-
tion.
Mr. DKAKE. All I have to say is that if
the honorable Senator from New York can
make anything out of that he is able to dis-
criminate better than I can.
Mr. CONKLING. What does the Senator
make out of it ? What shall we understand
the law to be?
Mr. DRAKE. I beg leave to say that I
make nothing whatever out of the point that
the Senator from New York has now made, for
the reason that we are referring to the State of
Virginia, and whether that State has the same
limits now that it had then is a matter of no
consequence. It comes now with reduced
limits, seeking to cast its vote for President
and Vice President; and what is it to us if
since it was declared in insurrection in 1801 a
part has been taken off and a new State formed
out of it. This act only applies to the State
of Virginia with its present limits ; and that
State with larger limits was declared in insur-
rection in tSol.
Mr. HOWARD. I far prefer the original
resolution reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary to the amendment offered by the
Senator from Missouri, because it is more spe-
cific ; it tells us and tells the country exactly
what communities we intend to embrace in
our legislation and what geographical limits we
intend to include. Itleavesnothinguneertain,
as tho amendment offered by the Senator from
Missouri seems to do. For instance, the diffi-
culty pointed out by the Senator from New
York, is, in my judgment, rather a serious one.
The amendment offered by the Senator from
Missouri refers to the proclamation of the 10th
of August, 1861, as containing the States or
territorial extension to which that amendment
is to apply. Now, it turns out on inspection
that a portion of Virginia lies west of tho Alle-
ghany mountains. The proclamation did not
declare the inhabitants of that portion of Vir-
ginia which was west of the Alleghany mount-
ains to be in insurrection at all, but excepted
that region entirely out of its operation. There
are other exceptions in that proclamation.
Portions of Louisiana are excepted; other
portions of Virginia, and portions of the sev-
eral rebel States that should happen to be in
the occupancy of our troops in the field. Now,
I submit to the Senator from Missouri that we
hardly ought to incur any of tho difficulties or
embarrassments that may grow out of these
little debatable points. Why not, therefore,
say in so many words that the several States
named in this bill that have not complied witlx
the terms which we impose upon them shall be
excluded from the right of representation in
the Electoral College.
But it is asked with a great deal of earnest-
ness, ' 'Why include ArkansasandFloridain the
bill; are they not already readmitted into the
Union ; they are not only admitted entitled to
readmission, but they are actually readmitted
in the persons of their Senators and their Rep-
resentatives in Congress?" That is all very
true; but the reason for applying the bill to
those States is this: as I said the other day,
there are dual governments established even in
those two States. There is a Johnson Gov-
ernor in Florida and one in Aikansas, a John-
son Legislature in Florida and another in Ark-
ansas. That is to say, such Legislatures have
been elected in those two States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to my friend
from Michigan that I understand that those
Legislatuies called the Johnson Legislatures
and the Johnson Governors have acquiesced
in the new organizations and gone in, some of
them being members of the new Legislatures.
Mr. HOWARD. If that be the fact I cer-
tainly am very happy to learn it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Senators are here repre-
senting those States; and, as I understand,
some of the members of the Johnson Legisla-
tures are members of the Legislatures of the
new organizations. It does seem to me very
absurd to provide a rule now for Florida and
Arkansas that is not provided for Ohio and
New York.
Mr. HOWARD. Suppose there should be
a revival and resuscitation of the Johnson gov-
ernments in these two States; suppose they
should reappear on the theater of action and
should undertake to set up governments of their
own, and as one of the steps toward it should
organize a presidential election to be carried
on exclusively by white men, and that they
should select presidential electors and send on
certificates of election to the President of the
Senate. That such a slate of things may hap-
pen is by no means impossible, and I wish to
guard against it, and to advertise the whites, as
well as the blacks, that no government will be
recognized in those States which are already
admitted except such as we have recognized by
our reconstruction legislation. I think that
would have a tendency at least to prevent these
difficulties and these squabbles which I foresee
may take place even in the reconstructed States
that Kave'been admitted into the Union.
There is no trouble in doing this, and we
may possibly prevent a great deal of embar-
rassment ; and I may go further and say we
may even prevent bloodshed in these States by
taking these precautionary measures.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of tho Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Drake.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 5, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Drake, Harlan, McDonald, Pome-
roy, and Tipton—5.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cameron,
CitMoll, Chandler. Cole.Conkling. Conncss, Cragm,
Edmunds, Ferry, Howard, Howe, MeCreery, Morgan.
Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osborn, Patterson of JSew
Hampshire, Ramsey. Boss, Sherman,Stewart 'lrum-
bull. Van Winkle, Vickers, Wade, Welch, Wiliey,
Williams, and Wilson—31. .
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Corbett, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittlo.Fessenden, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes,
Henderson, Hendricks, Morrill of Maine, Morton,
Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, Poiee, Saulsbury,
Sprague, Sumuer, Thayer, and Yates 21.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to strike out
"Florida" and "Arkansas." I will simply
state that either of these propositions I could
have voted for with great pleasure; and if I
had been present I should have voted_ for,
because I have preferred the language ot, the
amendment, of the Senator from New York, for
it was more general. It does seem to me that
we ought not to express a doubt on the com-
pleteness of our work so far. We have these
two States represented hero by Senators; they
are represented in the other House; and I
would just as lief think of guarding^ against
double election in Ohio as 1 would in these
two States. I do not like to acknowledge to
the world a doubt of the completeness of the
reorganization of these States; they are here;
and it does seem to me that the Senator
from Vermont ought to yield to striking out
these two States. This bill was probably
framed when these two States were not repre-
sented. Certainly we ought not to provide one
rule for Ohio and a different rule for them. I
should be perfectly willing, as I said before, to
vote for any of these propositions; I do not
see any material difference between any of the
three propositions submitted to us; but at the
present time we ought not to legislate tor
Arkansas and Florida anticipating a state of
things that cannot exist in ail human proba-
bility, that will be no more likely to exist there
than in the State of Oregon. We shall be here
two months at fclie next session before the elect-
oral votes are counted with the same Senators
and Representatives we have now. Why need
we guard against a contingency so remote and
problematical? It seems to me to be legis-
lating as if we wore in doubt about the com-
pleteness and perfcctness of our work, which
I consider as concluded and perfected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will assure the Senator
from Ohio that the Senator from Vermont will
yield, and with pleasure, to the judgment of
the Senate. The Senator from Ohio is mis-
taken in supposing that I inserted these names
before these Slates were readmitted. I inserted
them with the others after. I had studied the
conduct of the Democratic members of the
Hoube of Representatives, as it respected the
admission of their members there, after I had
observed the conduct of the Senators of the
Opposition when the Senators from those
States were admitted here, and their declara-
tions.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why notinsertTennessee?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will come to that pres-
ently if you want to consider it. We are now
on these two States. I inserted their names
after I had noticed from time to time the con-
stant declarations of the Democratic press,
not that there was any doubt about the fact
that we had restored these two States, or that
there was any doubt about the fact that we
intended to stand by that restoration to the
last extremity, as we do, not only with votes ;
but as Senators talk about sweeping away
things by the white man's government, I will
say also by the same kind of influence that we
have exerted over that community and over
the Democratic party for the last live years;
that is to say, the influence of force upholding
the law.
These papers—I have my hands full of them—
all the Democratic press, North and South,
maintain this proposition as to these two States
distinctly, although they have been readmitted;
that everything which has been done down to
