1808.
TfJB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
489
burn, Elihu B. Washburnc, HonryJD. Washburn,
Welker, Thomas Williams, William Williams, James
F. Wilson, Stephen F. AVilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—113.
Xtj C VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Barnes,
Blaine, Boyer, Butler, Cary, Cook, Cornell, Ecklcy,
Fields, Finney, Halsey, Harding, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Richard D. Hubbard, Jones, Georse V. Law-
rence, Lynch. McCulloqgh, Morgan, Poters, Plants,
Polsley, Randall, Selye, Shellabarger, Starkweather,
'Xhaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Taffe, Burt Van Iloru,
Yau Trump. Van Wyck, William B. Washburn, and
John T. Wilson—3S.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
-The question then recurred upon the amend- ;
ment of Mr. Williams, of Pennsylvania, which
was to strike out the amendment reported from !
the Committee on the Judiciary, and insert in j
lieu thereof the following: j
That in all oases of writs of error from and appfeals
to the Supreme Court of the United States, where is
drawn in question the validity of a statute of or an
authority exercised by the United States, or the con-
struction of any clause of the Constitution of the
United States, or tho validity of a statute of or an
authority exercised under any State on the ground
of repugnance to the Constitution or laws of the Uni-
ted States, the hearing shall be had only before a full
bench of the judges of said court, and no judgment
shall be rendered or decision made against the valid-
ity of any statute or of any authority exercised by
the United States, except with the concurrence of all
the judges of thesaid court.
Mr. KERR. Upon that amendment I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 2-5, nays, 124, not voting
89, as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Amell, Delos R. Ashley, James I
M. Ashley, Bingham, Cake, Sidney Clarke, Oovofle, |
Farnsworth,Harding, Judd.WilliamLawrence,Loan, i
Logan, Maynard, McCarthy, McClurg. Mullins, Pile, \
Price, John Trimble, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van 1
Horn, Ward, Thomas Williams, and William Wil-
liams—25. -
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson. Archer, Bailey,
Baker, Baldwin, Barnum, Beaman, Beck, Benjamin,
Benton, Boutwell, Broinwell, Brooks, Broomall,
Buckland, Burr, Chan 1 er, ReaderW. Clarke.Cobb, Co-
burn,Cullom. Dawes, Dixon, Dodse, Donnelly.Driggs,
Egsleston, Eliot, Ferriss, Ferry, Fox. Garfield, Gctz,
Glossbrenner, Golladay, Gravely, Griswold, Grover,
Haigiit, Hawkins, Higby. Hill, Holman, Hooper,
Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard,Richard D.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Hunter, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Johnson, Julian, Itelley, KrUey, Kerr,
Ketcliam, Kitchen, Knott, Koontz, Lallin, Lincoln,•
Loughridge, Mallnry, Marshall,Marvin, McConnick,
Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrissey, Mun-
gen, Myers, Newcomb. Niblack, Nicholson, Nunn,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Phelps. Pike,
Pomeroy, Pruyn. Randall, Raum, Robertson, Robin-
son. Ross, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shanks, Sit-
§ reaves, Smith, Spalding, Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes,
tone, Taber, Taylor, Thomas, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Auken, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D.
Washburn, Welker, James F. Wilson, John T. Wil-
son. Stephen F. Wilson,Wiadam,Wood,Woodbridge,
and Woodward—124.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Allison, Ames, Axtell,
Banks, Barnes, Blaine, Blair, Boyer, Butler, Cary,
Churchill, Cook, Cornell, Kckley, Ela, Eldridgo,
Fields, Finney, Halsey, Asahel W. Hubbard, Jones,
George V. Lawrence, Lynch, McCullough, Morgan,
Morrell, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Selye, Staellabar-
er. Starkweather. Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Taffe,
iurt Van Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyck, and Wil-
liam B. Washburn—39.
So the amendment of Mr. Williams, of
Pennsylvania, was rejected.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the amendment which, by unanimous
consent, was allowed to be offered by the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] to the amend-
ment reported by the committee. It is to add
to the amendment of the committee the follow-
ing:
Provided, tmeevcr. That if any circuit or district
eourtof the United States shall adjudge any act of
Congress to be unconstitutional or invalid, the judg-
ment, before any further proceedings shall be had
upon it, shall be certified up to the Supreme Court of
the United States and shall be considered therein,
and if upon the consideration thereof two thirds of
all the members of the Supreme Court shall not
affirm.eaid judgment below, the same shall be de-
clared and held reversed.
Mr. CHANLER. On that amendment I
demand the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays, twentv-fiv«—
less than one-fifth of the members present-
voted in the affirmative.
Mr. CHANLER. I call for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Chanler, and
Mr. Wilso* of Iowa, were appointed.
6e
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-four, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 111, nays 38, not voting
30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Arnell, Dclos R.
Ashley, Jauies M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Beaman, Benjamin, Benton,Bingham, Blair,
Boutwell, Bromwcll, Broomall, Buckland, Cake,
Churchill, Header W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Cobum,Covode,Cullom, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Don-
nelly j)riggs, Eggleston, Ela, Eliot,Farnsworth,Fer-
riss, Ferry, Garfield, Gravely, Griswold, Harding,
Hirbv, Liili, llooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian,
Kelley, Kelsey, Kitchcn, Koontz. Laflin, William
Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Longhridge, Mal-
lory, Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy, McCIurg, Mercur,
Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Mullius, Myers,
Newcomb, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pike,
Pile, Pomeroy, Price, Raum, Robertson, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scofield, Shanks, Smith, Spalding, Aaron
F. Stevens, Stokes, Thomas, John Trimble, Trow-
j bridge, Twichell, Upson, Robert T. Van Horn, "Ward,
; Cadwaladcr C. Washburn, Elihu B. Woshburne,
i Henry D. Washburn, Welker, William Williams,
: James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wil-
son. Windom, and Woodbridge—111.
; NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Barnum, Beck,
Brooks, Burr, Chaiiler,Fox, Getz, Glossbronner, Gol-
laday, Grover, Haight, Hawkins, Holman, llotch-
kiss, Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Johnson,
Kerr, Knott, Marshall, Morrissey, Mungen, Niblack,
Nicholson, Phelps, Pruyn. Randall, Robinson, Ross,
Sitgrcaves, Stone, Taber, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van
Auken, Wood, and Woodward—38.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Axtell, Barnes,
Blaine, Boyer, Butler, Cary, Cook, Cornell, lickley,
Ekiridcc, Fields, Finney, Halsey. Asahel W. Hub-
bnrd, Jones, Keteh.im, George V. Lawrence, Lynch,
I AfcCormick, McCullough, Morgan, Poters, Plants,
! Poland, Polsley, Selye, Shellabarger, Starkweather,
i Thaddcus Stevens, Stewart, Taffe, Taylor. Van Aer-
' nam, Burt Van Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyek, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, and Thomas Williams—39.
So the amendment of Mr. Wilson, of Iowa,
1 was adopted. ;
j During the roll-call the following announce- !
; ments were made : !
I , Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I desire to say that
! on this vote my colleague, Mr. Poland, is j
paired with the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Eldridge.]
Mr. WARD. I desire -to say that my col-
league, Mr. Van Hons, of New York, is de-
tained from his seat by sickness in his family.
Mr. MOORHEAD. My colleague, Mr. Law-
i rexce, of Pennsylvania, is detained at home,
as he has been for some days, by sickness in
I his family.
t! The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
il The question recurring on agreeing to the
I amendment of the committee, as amended, it
I was agreed to.
'i \ The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading, and was accordingly read the third
time.
The question recurred on the passage of the
bill- „ ,
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I call for the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. CII AN LRU demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 116, nays 39, not voting
33 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Amen, Anderson, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks,Beaman, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blair,
Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland, Cake,
Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Coburn, Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Don-
nelly. Driggs.Eggleston, Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth, F er-
riss. Ferry, Garfield, Gravely, Griswold, Harding,
Higby, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Hunter, Inft or soil, Jenekes, Judd, Julian,
Kellcy, Kelsey, Ketcliam, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin,
i William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Loucrh-
; ridge, Mallory, Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy, Mc-
CIurg. Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell,
Mnlflns, Myers, Newcomb, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Perham, Peters, Pike. Pile, Pomeroy, Price,
Raam, Robertson, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shanks,
Smith, Spalding, Aaron F. Stevens. Stokes, Taylor,
Thomas, John Trimble,Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson,
Van Aernam, RobertT. Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne. Henry D. Wash-
burn, Welker, Thomas Williams, William Williams,
James F.Wilson, John T.Wilson, Stephen F.Wilson,
Windom, and Woodbridge—116.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Barnum, Beck,
Brooks. Burr, Chanler, Fox, Gets, Glo*sbrennor, Gol-
laday,Grover, Haight, Hawkins, Holman, Hotehkiss,
Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Johnson, Kerr,
Ivnott, Marshall, McCormick, Morrissey, Munfjen,
Niblack, Nicholson, Phelps, Pruyn, Randal), Robin-
son, Ross, Sitgreavcs, Stone, Taber, Lawrcnco S.
Trimble, Van Auken. Wood, and Woodward—39.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Axtell, Barnes,
Blaine, Boyer, Butler, Cary, Cook, Cornell. Eckley,
Eldridge, Fields, Finney,Halsey,Asahel W. Hubbard,
Jones, George V. Lawrence, Lynch, McCullough,
Morgan, Plants, Poland, Polsley,SMyc, Shellabarger,
Starkweather, Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Taffe, Burt
Van Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyck. and William B.
Washburn—33.
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. WARD stated that his colleague, Mr.
Fields, was absent oil account of important
business.
The vote was theu announced as above
recorded.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to amend
the title by adding the following:
And requiring tho concurrence of two thirds of tha
members of the court to declare a law of the United
States to be invalid.
[ Mr. WILLIAMS. I suggest whether it
I would not be better to'say "and to regulate
! the jurisdiction thereof." It is a matter of.
regulation.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I accept that and
demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment, as modified, was
! adopted.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to recon-
sider all of the votes just taken ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
reduction op the army.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer for consideration and action a bill
to reduce and improve the military establish-
ment by discharging one major general.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Read the
bill.
The bill was read. It provides that the Array
of the United States shall be reduced by the
discharge from the military service ofthe major
general who was the last commissioned in that
grade before January, 1808, to take effect from
its passage, so there shall be but four major1
generals in the Army.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope the bill will be
allowed to come in, and then we can act on it
in the morning.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to suspend the rules.
Mr. BROOKS demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. RANDALL moved that the House*
adjourn, and demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day it adjourns to meet on
Wednesday next, and demand the yeas and
nays. You cannot rush this through to-night.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am not trying to. T
withdraw my motion and give notice I will
bring it up first thing on Monday next.
The SPEAKER. The other motions will be
considered as having fallen.
Mr. RANDALL moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed toj and thereupon
fat six o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, kc., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of Eliza-
beth J. Marshall, of Salem, Indiana, praying
the passage by Congress of a special act grant-
ing her a pension.
By Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio: The petition of
William Bryan, of Lucas county. Ohio, pray-
ing for a pension.
By Mr. BROOMALL: The petition of cit-
izens of Pennsylvania, asking an appropria-
