1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
873"
40th Cong....2d Sbss."
Kentucky Contested Election—Mr. Adaifis.
Ho. of Reps.
principles therein proclaimed afford'to stultify
himself by voting for these resolutions which
propose to interfere directly with the question
of suffrage in one of the' loyal, States. But
whatever may be,the opinion of this House in
regard to the rightof Congress to control'this
subject' an'd to disfranchise these persons it is
sufficient to say it has never exercised this right
or attempted to pass any law for that purpose;
and there is hot to-day in existence any law,
cither of the United States or of the State' of
Kentucky, which makes these votes illegal or
authorizes their rejection. These resolutions,
therefore, assume not merely the right of Con-
gress to interfere with the question of suffrage
in the States, but the right of this House to do
so without any law of Congress whatever upon
the subject. -
I am aware, sir, that many of the Repub-
licans on this floor cl^im the right of Congress
to regulate the question of suffrage in the
States, and since their refusal to vote down
the proposition of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Broomall] to inaugurate negro
Suffrage in all the States of the Union, I have
supposed that a majority of them advocated
this doctrine ; but, sir, I had not supposed
that any man outside of a lunatic asylum would
for a moment contend that this House, acting
alone and independently of the Senate, and
without any law whatever to authorize it, has
the right in any way to interfere with this sub-
ject. And yet this is the position this House
must assume before it can exclude these votes
or admit the contestant McKee to this seat.
If this House can say who shall and who shall
not vote in the State of Kentucky, then it can
enfranchise the negroes of that State, and can
deprive the people of Kentucky of the right
to exercise any control whatever over that
subject.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cook]
tells us that the rebels are all disfranchised,
but he fails to show under what law and by
what authority it was done. He seems horror-
stricken at the idea that rebels who have been
in arms against the Government should now be
allowed to vote in the election of those who are
to make its laws, and yet he knows that the re-
construction measures, passed by a Republican
Congress and supported by himself, expressly
recognize the right of rebels to vote in all the
southern States, not only for members of Con-
gress, but'also upon questions much more grave
and important. The gentleman and his party
have been constantly demanding that they
should adopt certain amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States ; and will they
now contend that the very class of persons j
whom they have repeatedly called upon to
amend the Constitution have not now the right
to vote for members of Congress who are to be
controlled in their legislation by the very Con-
stitution which they have by their votes helped
to modify and amend? Such a proposition,
sir, is simply ridiculous. And it only remains j
to be seen whether the majority on this floor
will now attempt to regulate a question which
they have in their party platform declared they
had no right to control; and whether they will
now attempt to reject votes the legality of
which they have recognized in their own laws, j
In addition to the 625 rebel votes^ it is j
claimed that 8 deserters voted for Judge Young, i
who are also disfranchised, making in all 683 j
votes, which, it is charged, are illegal and j
ought, therefore, to be rejected. But even if i
these 638 alleged illegal votes be rejected it j
still leaves Judge Young with a majority of 706 i
votes, the legality of which are not questioned.
.But it is charged that at ten voting precincts,
which gave Judge Young an aggregate majority
of 88S votes, the laws of Kentucky were not
complied with because some of the election
officers had been engaged in or had adhered to
the rebellion.
In the first place, sir, there is no proof that
any of the officers at seven of the precincts
named had ever in any way adhered to or even
sympathized with the rebellion.
It is simply proved that certain persons were
engaged in the rebellion of the same name as
those whom the poll-books show to have acted
as officers ofthe election, btit they are not iden-
tified as the sam'e persons. For example,
the proof shows that in Bethel precinct, Bath
county, qhe of the ten precincts named, there
is a certain'R. M. Sharp who had been engaged
in the rebellion, and the poll-books of that
precinct show that a man named R, M. Sharp
acted as sheriff of the election; but there may
have been two men' of this name in that pre-
cinct, for it not unf'requently happens that there
are two and sometimes even three men of' the
same name in one voting precinct; and the
proof does not show that R. M. Sharp who
officiated at the election is the same R. M.
Sharp who had been in the rebellion.
• I submit, therefore, that such proof as this
does not establish the fact that any of these
election officers had been connected with the
rebellion. It is a circumstunce which creates
a suspicion that such is the case, but it is not
such positive proof as would be deemed suffi-
cient to settle any question even in a magis-
trate's court where not more than a sixpence is
involved, much less to settle a question upon
which it is claimed the rights of a whole dis-
trict depend.
But, Mr. Speaker, there is nothing in the
laws of Kentucky which prohibits this class of
persons from acting as officers of elections.
The statutes of Kentucky, upon which the
committee place such a construction, are as
follows:
"An act to amend section one, articlo three, chapter
thirty-two, title'Elections,'of the Kevised Stat-
utes.
"Be it enacted by the General Assembly of the Com-
monwealth of Kentucky, That hereafter, so long as
there are two distinct political parties in this Com-
monwealth, the sheriff, judges, and clerk of election,
in all cases of elections by the people undor the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States, and under
the constitution and laws oi Kentucky, shall be so
selected and appointed as that cue of the judges at
each place of voting shall be of one political party,
and tho other judge of the other or opposing polit-
ical party; and that a hke difference shall exist at
each place of voting between the sheriff and clerk
of election: Provided, That there bo a sufficient
number of the members of each political party res-
ident in the several precincts, as aforesaid, to fill
said offices. And this requirement shall he observed
by all officers of this Commonwealth who have the
power to appoint any of the aforesaid officers of elec-
tion, under the penalty of a fine of $100 for each
omission, to be recovered by presentment of the
grand jury."
" March 15,1862.
"An act to amend an act entitled 'An act to amend
section one, article three, chapter thirty-two, title
'Elections,' of the Kevised Statutes,' approved
February 11,1853.
"Section 1. That in construing the act approved
February 11, 1858, to which this is an amendment,
those who have engaged in therebellionfortheover-
throw of tho Government, or who have in any way
aided, counseled, or advised tho separation of Ken-
tucky from the Federal Union by ioree of arms, or
adhered to those engaged in the effort to separate
herirom the Federal Union by torco of arms, shall
not be deemed one of the political parties in this
Commonwealth within the provisions of the act to
which this is an amendment.
" 8i',c. 2. This act to take effect from and after its
passage."
It will be observed that the law does not apply
to rebels as individuals but simply declares that
they shall not as a class be considered one of
the political parties of the State from which a
part of the election officers shall be selected. It
is not declared that this class of persons shall
never act as officers of elections, provided they
belong to one of the recognized political par-
lies. The requirement is that the officers of
elections shall be selected from a party which
is recognized as one of the political parties in
the State. And no matter what a man's past
opinions or associations may have been, if he
belongs at. the time of his appointment to one
of the recognized political parties of the State
he is qualified to act within the meaning of
these laws. It must, therefore, in view of all
these things, be-admitted by every candid mimel
that there has been nonviolation of these laws
iij the ten precincts named,
But suppose there had been such 'a violation
of the law as is complained of by the commit-
tee, there would then be no good ground for
rejectingthe vote of these ten precincts. These
laws are merely directory in .their character,
and do not provide that a failure to-comply
with their requirements -fiJiaU invalidate an
election. A penalty is imposed- upon-,the ap-
pointing officer who fails to comply with-the,
requirements, and is the. only consequence
which the law itself provides shall result from
such failure. This House would therefore
certainly have no right to set aside the election
in these precincts unless it should appear that
one of the contending parties had been preju-
diced by the failure to comply with these laws.
And finally, admitting that these laws have
been disregarded, andthaf. the failure toobserve
them renders void the election in the precincts
named; conceding, for the sake of the argu-
ment, all that the committee claim in this
regard, and even then I contend that no such
result would follow as the election of the con-
testant. It is admitted that Judge Young has
a majority of 706 of the legal votes cast, to say
nothing of the 633 votes claimed to be illegal.
And if an election has been so irregular and so
illegally conducted that thewillofthe majority
cannot be recognized and carried into effect,
the only course left would be to have another
election, that the majority might have i an
opportunity to give expression to their choice-
in the manner prescribed by law.
Nothing could be more unjust than to force
upon the majority a Representative whom they
have declared they do not desire. Upon this
point the honorable chairman ofthe committee,
in his report in the case of Smith vs. Brown
during the'prescnt session, uses the following
language:
"Tho will of the majority, expressed in conformity
with established law, is the very basis on which rest
the foundations of our institutions, and any attempt
to substitute therefor the will of a minority is an
attack upon the fundamental principles of the Gov-
vernment, and if successful will prove their over-
throw. The committee shrink from this attack, and
therefore they recommend the adoption of the fol-
lowing resolutions."
And yet that gentleman is willing in this
case to substitute the will of the minority for
that of the majority. He shrinks not now from
the perpetration of an act which he then re-
garded as an attack upon the fundamental
principles of the Government. He is under-
stood to have given this report his sanction
and approval, though he has not had the hardi-
hood boldly to advocate it in this House.
I am not prepared, sir, to believe that this
House will for the gratification of their personal
preferences or party feelings undertake thus
to deprive the people of this district of the
right to choose their own Representative and
force upon them a man whom they have not
only rejected and repudiated, but whom they
to-day execrate and despise. If the majority
on this floor should so far forget themselves
as to do this, and shall thus violate every sense
of justice, renounce their own laws, and. repu-
diate their own public pledges, then the honest
masses of the people will, in my opinion as
they should do, repudiate them, and at the
ballot-box declare them unworthy to sit in an
American Congress.
Mr. Speaker, the right of representation by
the free and uninterrupted choice of the people
is the highest and most sacred right to which
the American people are entitled. It is a right
which cost our ancestors years of privation, of
suffering, and of blood; a right of which they
were justly jealous, and which they certainly
intended to secure, and doubtless thought they
had secured to the people of this country,
when they declared in the Constitution of the
United States that—
" The House of Representatives shall be composed
