3922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
should be counted from them; and so I am
prepared to say to-day that no electoral vote
shall be counted from the Slates of Virginia,
Mississippi, and Texas, because they have not
organized State governments recognized by
Congress, and it is impossible now that they
should. You need not put ill a provision here
that they are to have electoral votes when they
are entitled to representation. It is impos-
sible under our legislation that they should
be entitled to representation in this body on
the first Tuesday of November next, because
under the legislation of Congress they can only
have representation when they present consti-
tutions here which Congress approves. They
have not presented such constitutions to be
approved. Texas has not framed hers. Mis-
sissippi has not ratified hers. Virginia has not
ratified hers. No election has been held in Vir-
ginia or Texas, and so far as we have heard
from Mississippi the people at the polls have not
ratified the constitution adopted by the con-
vention. The reconstruction acts require that
before a State can be admitted to representa-
tion its constitution shall be ratified by the
people at the polls. More than that, they re-
quire that the constitution shall be approved
by Congress after it has been thus ratified at
the polls. It is impossible that the constitu-
tions of these States should be ratified at the
polls and approved by Congress in time to have
representation in this body. 1 would have no
discretion about it. Pass a resolution as we
did four years ago, that no electoral votes are
to be counted from those States, and let the
people of all parties understand it, and the
people of all parties do understand that in re-
gard to States which are admitted to represent-
ation in this body, there can be no question as
to their right to vote for President and Vice
President.
I shall not vote myself for the resolution as
it is introduced by the Senator from Vermont
■vhich comes here, not having the sanction, in
the form in which it is, of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, but having the sanction of that com-
mittee for the Senator to bring it into this body.
I hope that the motion to strike out Arkansas
and Florida will prevail. I should prefer my-
self watting to see what these other States do,
and before our adjournment passing a concur-
rent resolution that from those States that are
not reorganized and represented in Congress
no votes shall be counted.
_Mr. WILSON. Four of them will be here
within a week.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Four of them will be
here, as the Senator'from Massachusetts reminds
me, within a week.
Mr. HOW A 111). Suppose they do not come?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Suppose they do not
come. Let us pass a concurrent resolution,
as suggested by President Lincoln, and let the
country know, and let the people of those
States know, that no votes will be counted
from those States. That is all we have to do.
I think it important that wo should do that
much.
I should not have said this much, having
made some remarks the other day, had not the
Senator from Vermont thought proper to refer
to what I had said, and to remind me (which
I well knew before) that 1 had often made mis-
takes in my expectations as to future events.
I never claimed to be a prophet, and least of
all did I ever profess that X was infallible. I
exercise my beat judgment in regard to meas-
ures as they arise, and that judgment tells me
that it is improper to pass a resolution making
a discrimination against the States that we
have just admitted to representation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President 
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will allow
me. I should like to know what committee re-
ported this joint resolution?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is what I am try-
ing to find out now.
Mr. POMEROY. Every member of the
Judiciary Committee seems to be opposed to
it, and I should like to know how it got here.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Tho only members of
the Judiciary Committee who have thus far
opposed it are the Senator from New York
and the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. CONKLSNG. I dislike to interrupt the
Senator, but I hope he will not make that
statement. My honorable friend from Nevada
[Mr. Stewart] voted with us on tho amend-
ment I offered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That maybe. Thatdoes
not prove my statement incorrect.
Mr. CONKLING. Then the Senator should
not say that the only Senators who did not
vote for his proposition are the Senator from
New York and the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not say Senators
who did not vote for it; I said the only Sen-
ators who had opposed it. The only merit
probably that the jo;nt resolution now has is
contained in two iines that were inserted in
committee on the motion of the Senator from
New York, which any Senator will find in
italics. I confess that that is the only merit
that the joint resolution has, but inasmuch as
it has that merit, I still have some hope that
the Senate will look upon it, with favor.
The Senator from Illinois has talked as if
this joint resolution was reported by the gra-
cious permission of tho Judiciary Committee,
as a matter of personal favor, to one of its
junior members. I do not know but that it
was. It was a great favor if it was. I do not
urge this resolution upon the Senate. I have
not urged it upon them unduly, I think. My
constituents live so far from the scene of war,
and from their experience in the rebellion
they have so much dislike to any further diffi-
culty, that probably we can stand any grief
that may come as long as anybody.
1 quite agree with the Senator from Illinois
tliat we have spent the last two days in profit-
less debate about this joint resolution, and the
reason, which my friend did not give and that
I will, is the fact that he addressed the Senate
more than two days ago and has not done it
since until now. I admit that all that the
rest of us have said has not had the pungency,
at least it has not satisfied the Opposition so
well as the remarks of my friend from Illinois,
which received the next day a first-rate notice
from the organ of the Democratic party. My
friend is not to blame for that.
Now, my fiiend says that all this is moon-
shine about these States; that we are not
bound to suppose any such thing. I do not
want to repeat what I said before. I will not
refer any more to the newspapers and to pub-
lic opinion; but we have had the official action
of the Democratic party in the House of Rep-
resentatives on this very point put as a protest
upon the records. Is not that worth taking
any precaution against? Does it invite double
voting or tumultuous elections to provide by
law against, them ?
Mr. FERRY. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Vermont whether a dual vote in
these States which shall have been admitted
like Arkansas and Florida will be any more
unlawful after you have passed this joint resolu-
tion than before?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir ; it will not.
Mr. FERRY. Then what is the use of the
joint resolution?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is what I should be
glad to have my friend from Connecticut give
enough attention to, to understand.
Mr. FERRY. That is what I want to do.
That is the reason I asked the question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The distinguished gen-
tlemen who composed this body in 18G5, on
all sides, led by the Senator from Illinois,
whose remarks I read this morning, declared
that it was wise and proper and necessary to
provide by a rule of law what votes, and under i
what circumstances, should be counted in the |
House of Representatives, because the Con- j
stitution does not provide for judicial powers j
in that body ; and it will be remembered that i
when the Wisconsin case arose earlier there was '
a great difference of opinion when they got in '
convention as to what they conld do, and they
finally decided that they could not do anything
inasmuch as it did not make any diH'erenee,
and thus got themselves out of that scrape.
The Senator from Illinois, rightly and wisely—
and I hope he will not consider me as having
overstepped the proprieties in alluding to these
things—maintained, in so many words, that in
these eases of irregular voting and improper
voting, although the House of Representatives
and the Senate meeting together and acting
upon the returns were the persons who in the
end must judge, yet they must judge according
to a rule of law that the legislative power of
the country should have prescribed in advance.
That was his proposition. I think I do not
misstate it. It was a perfectly sound proposi-
tion, a proposition that lies at the basis of all
law, which is, in its definition, the prescription
of a rule, in advance of the event, to guide the
executors of the law in acting when that event
arises; and I should as much expect, in reply
to my honorable friend, to hear him argue
that we ought to pass no law against piracy,
no law against counterfeiting, because it would
put it into people's heads to commit piracy
and go to counterfeiting, and rather stimulate
them to do it, as to hear him say, after this
rebellion and turbulence, and in the face of
these organized and authentic threats, that they
will have a tumult, that we should not declare
in advance by law which are the States that
we intend to count the votes of, and that no
others shall be counted. It does not invite
any such query. It does not raise any such
doubt. It is the usual exercise of a prudent
foresight m providing a prohibition by law, in
advance, of an illegal act that is threatened ;
and that is all there is of it.
But, as I have said, Mr. President, I do not
wish to prolong this discussion. I shall be
perfectly satisfied if the wisdom of the Senate
chooses to strike out these States and put ia
any others, or to leave them all out.
Mr. DAVIS. I feel some sympathy with
my honorable friend from Vermont this even-
ing. Some of his friends seem disposed to
twit him, among other things, with showing a
propensity to talk too much. I agree with the
honorable Senator thatit does not become any
of the pots on the other side to call his kettle
black. [Laughter.] But the discussion this
evening has certainly resulted in establishing
this proposition : that the honorable Senator is
not only the original, but the sole patentee of
this measure in its original form. I will do
this much justice to his merits : we have had
an attempt to take oat two additional patents,
but I do not think either of them has enough
of novel and important discovery in it to enti-
tle it to any patent; and I believe my honorable
friend from Vermont is entitled to the whole
and sole credit of the affair, not only the orig-
inal, but the sole inventor and patentee.
I agree with the honorable Senator from
Vermont on one point. He says this is aspe-
cific remedy, not for all cases, but for certain
descriptions of cases, and that the remedy in
its language ought to speak for the cases to
which it is intended to present a cure. Iagree
with him in that. If this proposition is not to
apply to three fourths of all the States in the
Union, why leave it in such vague andgeneral
language that a casual observer would be dis-
posed to apply it to all the States, when the
real gist and object of the thing is to apply it
only to one fourth of the States. I think Lhe
honorable Senator is quite right in his desire
and his solicitude in relation to tha verbiage
of the resolution, that it ought to state the
specific and precise objects and subjects for
which it was intended to be a remedy.
I have been amused to-night, with one reflec-
tion that has passed in my mind, not merely
in relation to the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont, who finds himself beset by his friends
all around him and in distress. I certainly
feel a good deal of sympathy and interest for
him and with him. I believe that in part he
is right, and I trust, as he has such odds against
