490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
tion to erect a pier in the Delaware river at
the city of Chester for the protection of the har-
bor at that place.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas: A memo-
rial of S. X. Goodall, of Chicago, praying
Congress to aid in introducing hand-looms
among the Indians.
Also, the petition of Walter P. Bishop and
1,2(50 others, citizens of La Bette county, Kan-
sas, praying for the passage of a law securing
them titles on the lands on which they have
settled at SI 25 cents per acre.
By Mr. COVODE: The petition of Judge
S. Newton Pettis, of Meadville, Pennsylvania,
for a mail route from Cochranton, Crawford
couuty, to Wilson's Mill, Venango county,
Pennsylvania, kc.
By Mr. DAWES: The petition of James W.
Butler.
By Mr. EGGLESTON: A memorial of S.
F. Denton, of Ohio, claiming compensation
for services rendered as first lieutenant before
being mustered.
By Mr. ELDRIDGE: Resolutions of the
citizens of Milwaukee,.in the State of Wiscon-
sin, adopted in public meeting, with reference
to the protection ef the rights of Americau
citizens.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of James C.
Gilmore, and 20 others, honorably discharged
soldiers, praying that the equalization bounty
law may be passed.
Also, the petition of Robert E. Crotty, and
30 others, honorably discharged soldiers, pray-
ing that the soldiers' equalization bounty law
be passed.
By Mr. GETZ : A petition numerously signed
by citizens of the city of Reading, eighth dis-
trict of Pennsylvania, praying for retrenchment
in the public expenditures, and especially for
a reduction of the expenses of collecting and
assessing the internal revenue.
Also, a remonstrance of citizens of Maxa-
tawny township, Berks county, Pennsylvania,
against the passage of any law by Congress to
extend ttie right of suffrage to negroes.
By Mr. HO fCHKISS: The petitiou of all the
voters, except one, in the village of Beacon
Falls, Connecticut, to secure the rights of nat-
uralized citizens in other countries.
By Mr. JUDD: A memorial of P. W.
Gates and others, manufacturers of the city of
Chicago, asking the removal of taxation on
manufactures in accordance with the recom-
mendation of the Cleveland convention.
Also, a memorial of S. T. Russell and
others, manufacturers of Chicago, asking a
change in the mode of appointments, remov-
als, and qualifications of officers connected
with the revenue service, upon the principle
suggested at the Cleveland convention.
By Mr. MAYNARD: A memorial of citi-
zens of Jefferson and Granger counties, Ten-
nessee, praying for a pensiou to the children
of Francis Olien, deceased.
By Mr. PEUHAM: The petition of Henry
Bieraann, for a pension.
By Mr. PIKE: The petition of E. E. Shead,
for substitution of bond for bond destroyed.
Also, the petition of Commander S. B. Luce,
as to proceeds of steamer Amazon.
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of citizens of
the second congressional district of Iowa, ask-
ing for such action on the part of Congress as
will protect naturalized citizens in their rights
and privileges in foreign countries.
By Mr. RAUM: A memorial of the city
council of the city of Cairo, asking an appro-
priation to reimburse the city of Cairo for fill-
ing the streets around the new custom-house
block in said city.
By Mr. ROBERTSON: The petition of W.
H. Pemberton and others, citizens of the tenth
congressional district. New York, praying for
legislative^ action defining the status of nat-
uralized citizens of the United States, and to
compel the British' Government to recognize
the validity of the naturalization of citizens in
this country.
^r" &CHENCK: Proceedings of citizens
of Hamilton, Ohio, friendly to the cause of
free Ireland, together with resolutions asking
protection for naturalized citizens abroad.
By Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky: The peti-
tion of John F. Davis and othprs, for the ap-
pointment of local steamboat inspectors for
the city of Paducuh, Kentucky.
By Mr. TROWBRIDGE: The petition of
William McDonald, late of the fifth regiment
Michigan volunteer cavalry, asking for a pen-
sion.
By Mr. VAN AERNAM: The petition of
Marshall 0. Roberts, Horace Greeley. David
Dudley Field, Henry J. Raymond, and 106
others, citizens of NewYork, praying Congress
to granfa pension to Jeremiah T. llallett.
Also, the petition of S. L. Henderson and 7
others, soldiers of the war of 1812, asking Con-
gress to grant pensions to all the surviving
soldiers of that war.
Also, the petition of Second Lieutenant John
A. Manley, eighteenth United States infantry,
asking relief for thirty-three enlisted men and
non-commissioned officers.
Also, the petition of 89 citizens of Catta-
. raugus county, New York, asking that the
road between Randolph and Little Valley, New
York, be declared a post route.
Also, the petition of 9 citizens of Chatauqua,
New York, praying Congress to grant a pen-
sion to John MeManiis, a surviving soldier of
j the war of 1812.
!• By Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri: Reso-
ji lutions of citizens of Kansas City, Missouri,
| in regard to the rights of naturalized citizens.
By Mr. WARD: Resolutions of a large
public meeting in Corning, New York, de-
nouncing the action of the British authorities
toward American citizens, and demanding the
, recall of Minister Adams and Consul West.
Also, the petition of numerous citizens of
! Corning, upon the same Bubject.
By Mr. WELKER: The proceedings and
resolutions of a meeting of the citizens of
Wooster, Ohio, insisting and requesting the
speedy action of Congress to define the status
of naturalized citizens in the old countries, and
! demanding the protection of all naturalized
i citizens of this country wherever they may be,'
[ in the same manner as native-born citizens.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 14, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
j that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 163)
declaring what shall constitute a quorum of the
Supreme Court with an amendment, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the resolution
which was under debate yesterday morning be
taken up; and if it is taken up, and it is under-
derstood that I am to proceed with my remarks
when the morning business is through with, I
shall have no objection to any gentleman pre-
senting any morning business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky moves to postpone all
other business, and that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the resolution indicated by
him.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Is that with the under-
standing that we can go on with the morning
business?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes ; and that I am to pro-
ceed until I close my remarks at the conclu-
sion of the morning business.
The PRESIDEN £pro tempore. It is under
the control of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not let us get
through with the morning business first?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Ken-
tucky proposes to give way to that; but he
wishes to have it understood that he can pro-
ceed as soon as we get through with the morn-
ing business. '
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
that understanding ; but let us go on with the
morning business first.
Mr. DAVIS. I have said that I shall not
object to the presentation of morning business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator withdraw his motion '!
Mr. DAVIS. My motion is that the resolu-
tion I have indicated be taken up, and then
informally laid aside until all the morning busi-
ness is transacted, and that then I proceed until
I finish my remarks.
The PRES1 DENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Kentucky moves that all other busi-
ness be postponed for the purpose of taking up
the resolution mentioned by him.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. Now I yield to allow the morn-
ing business to be presented.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Commissioner of
Patents, transmitting the annual report of that
office; which was ordered to be printed; and a
motion of Mr. Wili.ey to print four thousand
additional copies was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, the aniiual
report of the Congressional Printer, presented
on the 10th instant, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing, and ordered to be printed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a memorial of
the common council of Cairo city, Illinois,
praying for an appropriation by Congress to
that city of the sum of $6,604 50, that, sum
having been expended by the city in grading
the streets around the custom house in that
place; which was,referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of cer-
tain citizens of Alabama, for the removal of
their political disabilities; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DRAKE preseuted a petition of Joseph
Barclay, a soldier of the war of 1812, praying
for a pension ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of
members of the bar of Erie county, Ohio,
asking that the Federal courts for the northern
district of Ohio be required to hold stated
terms at Toledo and Sandusky; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORGAN. I present a petition of
Egbert T. Smith and several other citizens of the
county of Suffolk, New York, asking that a bill
or jointresolution be passed providing for send-
ing grain and flour to Sweden to be distributed
among tho starving population. I have made
some inquiry in relation to this matter, and I
hope that there is not the necessity which
these petitioners seem to apprehend; but 1 ask
that^the petition be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
It was so referred.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented a peti-
tion of the children and heirs of the late Robert
Isherwood, praying for restoration of certain
property in the District of Columbia belonging
to tiieir ancestor, and compensation for its use
by the Government; which was referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. HARLAN. I present the petition of
fortj-seven citizens, taxpayers and property
owners in the city of Washington, representing
that they reside near the location of the jail now
in process of erection, and setting forth that
they think the erection of a jail on that site
would be advantageous to the people of that
portion of the city. This is in the nature of a
remonstrance against the removal of the jail
from that locality. 1 move that it be referred
Committee on the District of Columbia.
The motiou was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON presented additional
papers in the case of 0. N. Cutler, who claims
compensation for property taken for the use
of the Army at Lake Providence, Louisiana;
