2898
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
to pushing it upon them by legislation of
Congress 
Mr. SUMNER. I never took any such
ground.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am talking about the
other Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son.] I will concede to the honorable Senator
who sits nearest me, [Mr. Sumner,] that he
always has been in favor of pushing negro suf-
frage; hewasthe originator of that notion. He
is the masterin that new school of reconstruc-
tion. I have given him honor on that subject
on another occasion. He has endeavored to
force it in season and out of season, and my
only regret is that he has sticceededin pushing
so many more of my friends around me, that
•stood with me a short time ago, to follow his
lead. I see them all around me. My friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] said about
the same time, indeed a little later than the
declaration of my friend from Nevada:
"Force suffrage by positive law upon Virginia or
the Carolinas, 01- any of these States to-day, and the
negro would go to the ballot-box almost at the peril
of his life; but let there bo four or live years of dis-
cussion by liberal and just men in any of these States,
and let them triumph and give the suffrage them-
selves, and they will mako it as easy for the black
men to vote without molestation as they vote to-day
in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts."
My honorable friend from Massachusetts
then stood very much on the same ground
where I stand and for which I contend now,
that this question of suffrage is a question
which under the Constitution belongs to the
States, and when Congress attempts to change
their constitutions Congress violates the Con-
stitution of the United States and tramples
down the most important right of the State
itself.
Mr. SHERMAN. Do you stand on the
Chicago platform?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. One end of it. The
Chicago platform, upon one etidof it, the north
end, admits that it belongs to the States them-
selves to regulate the question ot' suffrage; but
on the south end the Chicago platform main-
tains just what the honorable Senator from
Nevada now maintains, that it is for Congress
to force negro suffrage upon the States against
their will, it would disfranchise a large num-
ber of the whites, put universal, unqualified
suffrage into the hands of most of the negroes,
hundreds and thousands of whom do not know
the names by which they are registered, do not
know the men for whom they have voted, vote
blindly under the control of loyal leagues and
secret societies that bring them up to lh'3 polls
like cattle driven to the market. I say that
the Chicago platform seems to recognize that
as the true constitutional doctrine to apply to
the States of the South. Tt, is possible that my
honorable friend from Nevada has made such
great advances in his opinions over a }rear or
two ago that he now believes in that; but cer-
tainly not long ago, as I have shown by the
record, he no more believed in the right of
Congress to force negro suffrage on the States
of the South than I believe in it, and that is
just the point, as it seems to me.
Mr. President, I had not intended to enter
upon this debate this morning, and I shall not
continue to occupy the time of the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I thank
the Senator from Wisconsin for reading my
record. I congratulate myself that 1 have
advanced, that I am not one of the Bourbons,
that I do not retain the same respect for slavery
that 1 did befoie the war, that I have learned
something by the war, that I have advanced
with the age, and that I appreciate what has
been gained by the war. The remarks of mine
which he has read were made on the 18th day
of January, 18GG. I admit that I understand
the situation better now than I did in January,
1860. I had not then before me the doings
of these Johnson governments. I had not
examined their black eodes. I had not then
been brought to realize the fact that we must
either have in the South .slavery or freedom.
I had not learned that there was no half way
post. But their conduct during the year I860,
and the conduct of the President in placing
himself above the Constitution and the laws,
their denial of the rights of the black man and
of the white Union man of the South, their
refusal to execute the civil rights bill, their
refusal to allow their former slaves to have
their civil rights, forced me to the conclusion
in March following that wo had no power of
reconstruction, the Administration against us,
except by universal manhood suffrage ; that we
had to place the ballot in the hands of our
friends, for the bullet had been placed in the
hands of our enemies. I found that loyalty was
being made odious by the organizations held
up by President Johnson. 1 found that he
had left the Union party, and had commenced
the work of trampling down loyalty, which the
Senator from Wisconsin says is to be consum-
mated this year. He tells us our party is to
be trampled in the dust, and he calls up Gov-
ernor Perry and the secessionists of the South
as witnesses, and says they are the victorious,
Constitution-loving people ; they are to tram-
ple down Grant, Sherman, Sheridan, and the
hosts of loyal men in their march to anarchy.
Sir, I think the conduct of the rebels and of
Johnson for the last two years has been enough
to educate any honest man, has been enough to
make any honest man use all the powers which
God has given him to secure to every man in
this Government his rights, and to secure the
fruits of this bloody war. I am astonished
that the Senator from Wisconsin should stand
where he stood before the war, should not have
improved any, should not have advanced any.
It is strange to me that he to-day joins those
who have tried to destroy this Government in
an effort to trample down those who saved
it. Let me tell him now, if he has learned
nothing in the past, he will be a dull student
if he does not learn something in the future
when this trampling-down process is carried a
little further.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire,
obtained the lloor.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. With the permission
of the Senator from New Hampshire I desire
simply to say one word in reply to my honor-
able friend from Nevada. I do not object to
learning by passing events. I do not object to
my friend from Nevada learning all he can in
the history of the country as it passes on. I
have learned many things within the past two
years which I shall not now take the time to
state ; but one thing I have not learned, that
the Constitution of the United States has any
power by which it can change itself in ISOBand
18G8 until an amendment to the Constitution
shall have been adopted and ratified. Whatl
believed about the Constitution before the war
I believe now. What 1 believed about the Con-
stitution during the war I believe now. What
I believed about the Constitution in 1866 I
believe now. It was the Constitution of which
I was speaking, which gives to the States the
right to fix for themselves the qualification of
voting; and when Congress assumes to over-
ride the Constitution in 1866 or in 1868 I feel
constrained to oppose it now as well as then;
and it is because of this demand 
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire,
rose.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to reply to that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Allow me to finish the
sentence—it is because of this demand of yours
to override the Constitution that I said your
party would be trampled in pieces, as it will be.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. Mr.
President 
Mr. STEWART. Allow me iust one word.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
There does not seem to be any limit to this i
crimination and recrimination between the j
gentlemen, and I suppose I might give up the j
lloor the whole day, if I were to leave it to I
them. |
Mr. STEWART. I only ask two minutes. j
I wish to say to the Senator from Wisconsin j
that what may be done constitutionally one day 1
may not be constitutionally done another: 1
that is to say, if the rebels make war upon this j
Government you may resist it constitution-silly;
if they do not make war, you shall not cut
their throats constitutionally. Their resist-
ance to the Government gives us the right to
suppress them. That is the Constitution yes-
terday, to-day, and to-morrow. It depends
upon the state of fact, and on the fuller, devel-
opment of the facts I ascertained that they were
still resisting and determined to destroy the
Government and dictate terms to loyalty, and
the Constitution therefore made it my duty 
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
believe the two minutes are up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. Mr.
President, the discussion this morning seems
to have passed into an explanation of the
record of different Senators. So far as my
friend from Wisconsin and my friend from
Nevada are concerned, it seems that they have
changed ends of the plank upon which they
were tilting some six or seven years ago. I
wish to quote a passage from a speech of my
friend from Wisconsin to show that he has
slightly changed his record within the past two
or three years. I read from a speech of his
upon the deportation and planting of the blacks
in Hayti and Liberia :
" I believe that in so doing wo may be instrumental,
under the providence of Almighty God, in laying the
foundation of an empire there, a great republic to be
composed of these people and their descendants, and
of the people already there, who stand ready and
willing and anxious to receive them as a part of
themselves, which, after a few generations wiil con-
tain one hundred million human beings—a republic
which shall be in the tropics what this republic is
in the temperate zone of the North American con-
tinent."
Yesterday the Senator told us that the Afii-
can on this continent was very much superior
to the African in his native country; that he
had advanced intellectually; and yet he toid
us that the African was utterly disqualified on
account of his ignorance and besotted charac-
ter to participate with us in self-government.
Perhaps other Senators can see the logic of
the position which the Senator from Wiscon-
sin occupied when he made this speech and the
logic of his speech yesterday ; but for my life 1
cannot bring the two things together. The
Senator, it seems, some three years since saw
in the African qualities which would bring him
in two or three generations up to a position in
which he would establish and maintain a repub-
lic in Liberia or Hayti which should rival the
great Republic of North America. There was
a light on his vision then that has never dawned
upon mine, I must eonfe-ss; for, however much
1 may sympathize with the African, I am fiardiy
prepared to say to-day that I think in two or
three generations he will establish either in
Hayti or Liberia a republic which shall rival
this. But because I take that position, I am
not prepared to say that he should not parti-
cipate with us to-day in this matter of suffrage.
I sympathize fully with the Senator in his
view upon the subject of suffrage, as an abstract
question. I believe that intelligence should be
made the groundwork and must be made the
groundwork of self-government in any repub-
lic; and you have the same right to make read-
ing and writing a condition ot suffrage that you
have to make age, for age itself is nothing but
a condition of intelligence to suffrage. There
are Africans and there are white men at eight-
een years of age as well qualified to vote as
other men at forty; and this question of age
determines less certainly the intelligence ot a
man thau reading and writing; so that, so far
as the question abstiaetly is concerned .-I agree
with the Senator fully. Now, sir, take it in
California; they have got ninety thousand, or
nearly ninety thousand Chinese.
Mr. CONXESS. Oh, no.
Mr. PAT t'ERSON oi'Netv Hampshire. They
have lot eightv-seveu thousand.
Mr. CONFESS. No, bir.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Then, sir, ti e reeord is false.
Mr. CON is'ESS. It is.
