3M
APPENDIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL * GLOBE.
[June 22,
Ho. or Heps.
Keniucku Contested Election—Mr„ Adams.,
40th;-Cong....2d Segs.
of members chosen every second year by the people
of the several States "
" That tbc Senate shall bo composed of two Sena-
tors from each State, chosen every second year by
the Legislature thereof."
And
"That no State-without its own consent shall be
deprived of its equal suffrage in the Senate."
Here the right of the people to choose their
own Representatives is distinctly declared, and
the right of representation by such choice seems
to be more securely guarded than any other
right guarantied by the Constitution ; lor while
that instrument may in other respects be
amended by a three-fourths majority, no amend-
ment depriving any State of its equal suffrage
in the Senate, can - be made while the State
itself objects. Yet, notwitstanding these dec-
larations, we are asked to refuse admission to
a member who, as X have shown, was duly
elected, and who, I am now prepared to provp,
possesses all the qualifications contained either
in the Constitution or any law ever yet passed
by Congress.
Sir, I deny the right of this House to refuse
admission to a member under such circum-
stances as these, if it have this right where
does it get it? It possesses no original and
inherent powers, and can exercise none but
the delegated and enumerated powers con-
ferred. It has not even the right to an exist-
ence, and could not even sit here to-day but
for the fact that the Constitution so provides.
If, therefore, it possess this power of exclu-
sion, the authority must be somewhere given,
and if so, where, I ask, is the grant? We will
doubtless be told that by the Constitution
each House is made the judge of the qualifica-
tions of its own members, and that therefore
it is competent for this House to admit or
reject a member, as it may think proper j but,
sir, this does not confer the right to. determine
what the qualifications shall be, but merely
the right to judge whether the member pos-
sesbes the qualifications required. The right
to judge of qualifications does not include the
right to prescribe new qualifications, but sim-
ply the right to judge of those already pre-
scribed. The language of the Constitution is :
"That each House shall be the judge of the elec-
tion returns and qualifications of its own members."
It will be observed that by this clause each
House is as much and to as great an extent
the judge of the elections and returns as of the
qualificationsofitsmembers. Therefore, what-
ever construction is placed upon the light to
judge of qualifications mustalso be placed upon
the right to judge of elections and returns ; and
if being the judge of qualifications confers the
right to say what those qualifications shall be,
then being the judge of the elections and returns
also confers the right to say how the election
shall be conducted and what the returns shall
be. But who has ever supposed or who will
now contend that this House has anything to
do with determining the manner in which elec-
tions shall be conducted or the mode in which
the returns shall be made? On the contrary, \
the Constitution expressly declares that— |
" The times, places, and manner of holding elections j
for Senators and Representatives shall bepresor bed I
m each State by the Legislature thereof." I
Thus showing clearly that all questions relat- j
ing to theconductof elections are to be determ- !
med not by this House, but by the Legislatures :
of the respective States. And in judging of :
the election of a member this House cannot j
undertake to determine how such election
should have been conducted, but simply to ji
judge whether it was held in conformity with
the mode prescribed. Neither can it in judg- I
ing of the qualifications of members undertake "
to determine what those qualifications shall be, :
but simply to judge whether the mcmber-eleot i
possesses the qualifications prescribed, for the
power to judge is as great iu the one case as in i
the other. .
But, again, the Constitution, as I have hereto- j
fore shown, distinctly declares that Represent- 1
atives shall be chosen by the people ; but if this
House may arbitrarily admit whom it pleases
and reject whom it pleases, then the right, of
choice is not with the people as the Consti-
tution declares, bat is here in this House.
Now, it will certainly be admitted that there
are some questions about which the people
have the sole right to choose, and upon which
their choice is final, and if so, what are they?
Why, sir, the right of choice which is given
them by the Constitution clearly implies the
right to choose whom they please, subject only
to the limitations and qualifications therein con-
tained ; and if thisHouse can add one additional
qualification why may it not add another? If it
may impose one additional limitation why may
it not impose an}' other? Where, sir, is. the
limit? Where does the jurisdiction of this
House cease, and where does the choice of the
people begin? If this House can interfere with
the choice of the people in one particular, then
it can equally interfere in any other; and thus
effectually deprive them of any choice in the
election of those who are to represent them;
for of what value or importance is the right to
choose if this House can at its pleasure refuse
to admit the member chosen? The necessity
for some fixed and definite standard of qualifi-
cation for members, with which this House
cannot interfere, must be apparent to everyone;
for otherwise, what this House may require
might be very different from what would be
required by the next, and thus leave the peo-
ple always in doubt whether they were choosing
a member possessed of the required qualifica-
tions. Indeed any other rule would transfer
the choice of Representatives from the people
themselves to these Halls.
Hence the founders of this Government
declared in the Constitution what qualifica-
tions should he required. And when the Con-
stitution declares that no person shall be a
Representative who does not possess certain
qualifications the fair inference is that anyone
who does possess the qualifications named may
be a Representative. The maxim, expressio
uniusest exclusio allerius, must, if ever, apply
in this case. |
And on this point 1 am glad to call to my i
assistance the opinion of a Republican mem- i
ber now on this floor, no less distinguished j
than the honorable gentleman from Ohio, ,
Judge Bingham, who as a member of the j
Thirty-Fourth Congress presented to the House j
in behalf of the Committee of Elections a le- ;
port in the eases of Turney vs. Marshall and •
Fouke vs. Trumbull, in which he uses the fol- j
lowing language: i
"By thy Constitution the people have a light to I
choose as Representatives any peison hnving only ;
the quo!ifiealions therein mimed without superadd- .
ing theieto any additional qualifications whatever."
If the opinion then so forcibly expressed by !
that gentleman and which, I hope, he is now j
prepared to stand by and defend, be correct, ;
it follows that this House is bound to admit j
any pexsou whom the people may elect, pro- |
vided he have the qualifications piesciibed by
the Constitution. What, then, are the qualifi-
cations required b}r the Constitution? It says
that—
"No person shall bo a Representative who shall
not have attained the age of twenty-five years, and
been seven years a citizen of the United States, and
who shall not, when elected, be an inhabitant of ttie
State m which he shall ho chosen."
That Judge Young possesses all the qualifica-
tions therein named no one will deny. But,
in addition to this, Congress on the 2d day of
July, 1802, passed a law prescribing an oath
of office which is generally regarded as an addi-
tional qualification. Waiving all question as
to the constitutionality of this law, which need
not be here discussed as my colleague is willing
and prepared to comply with its requirements,
let us sec what this law provides. It is as
follows :
"That hereafter every person elcctcd or appointed
to any office o( honor or piotjt under the Govern-
ment of the United states, cither 111 the civil, mili-
tary, or naval departments of the public service,
excepting the President of the United States, shall,
before entering1 upon the duties of sueh oSice, ana
before being entitled to any of the salary or emosii-
ments thereof',tako and subscribe the foliovvmgj/atii
or affirmation: I, A, B, do solemnly swear (or affirm)
that 1 hnve novervoluntanlyborneannafiga'inst the
United States since I have been acitizcn thereof:
that I have voluntarily giyen no aid, countenance*
counsel, or encouragement to persons engaged 111
armed hostility thereto ; that I have never sought
nor accepted nor attempted to exercise the tact ions
of any-ollice, whatever, under any authority or in in-
tended authority in hostility to the united state*;
that 1 have not yielded a voluntary support to any
pretended government,'authority, power, or consti-
tution within the United States hostile 01* inimical
thereto. And I do further swear (or affirm) that to
the best of my knowledge and ability I *riii support
and defend the Constitution of the United S/ates
against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I
will bear true f.uth and allegiance to the same;
that I take tbis obligation freely, without any men-
tal reservation or purpose ot* evasion; and that I
will well and faithfully discharge the duties "f the
otliee 011 which I am about to eiiter.so help i 6 God;
which saiil oath, so taken and signed, shall be Pre-
served among the files of "the court. House of Con-
gress, or Department to which the said office may
appertain. And any person who shall falsely take
the said oath shall be guilty of perjury, and on con-
viction, in addition to the ponalties now prescribed
for that offense, shall be deprived of his office aud
rendered incapable forever attcr of holding any oflioe
or place under tile United States."
It will be observed that this law does not
declare that no man shall hold an office under
the Government of the United States who has
engaged in or aided tlxe rebellion, but simply
provides that he shall first take an oatli that
he has not so aided the rebellion ; and when
he has taken that oath he has done all that
this law requires. But it is claimed thftt this
House lias a right to first inquire and judge for
themselves wheiher a member can truthfully
and honestly take this oath. Where does this
House get the right to institute any such in-
quiry ? The law itself does not provide for
any suelt thing; and it is only by virtue of this
law that the right to do so is claimed. A party
at law is required to make affidavit to certaiu
facts before he can get, an attachment; but
when he makes such affidavit, whether true or
false, he becomes entitled to his attachment;
and so in this case a man is required before
entering upon his office to take a certain oath,
aud upon taking that oatli he has, so far as
anything iti'this law is concerned, the right to
enter upon the duties of his office.
But we are told that this spirit and intention
of this law is to keep out of office those who
have aided the rebellion ; aud this may be so ;
but if so. the means which it provides for ascer-
taining this fact is the oath of the officer him-
self.
The framers of this law evidently supposed
that cases might arise in which parties would
swear falsely in taking this oath, and they there-
fore provided areinedy forsuchcases; but what
is that remedy ? Not that this House or any
other tribunal before which the oath is to bo
taken should first inquire and determine
whether the party can truthfully take it, but
that the person who falsely takes it shall be
guilty of perjury, and in addition to other pen-
alties imposed for this offense shall, on con-
viction, be removed from office. If an investi-
gation is first had in every man's case, then the
oath of the man himself becomes unnecessary.
It will, however, beaskedif a man who lias en-
gaged in the rebellion falsely aud corruptly
take this oath, and thus gain admittance to this
floor, whether we would be compelled to let
him sit here, perjured as he would be, until he
could be removed by the slow and tedious pro-
cess of an indictment and conviction in the
courts. I answer no. In such a case it would
be the right, as it would be the duty, of this
House to expel him as an unworthy and dis-
honorable member, and I, for one, should not
hesitate to vote for the expulsion of any such
man.
But, Mr. Speaker, even if this IIouso bad
the right to institute such an inquiry, there is
nothing in Judge Young's past history which
prevents him from truthfully and honestly
