1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3923
him, that he will find himself a full match for
the whole of them. But I have been surprised
at one feature in the affair. We used to hear
a good deal about State-rights politicians
and State-rights men. I once thought that
they applied to old Virginia and South Caro-
lina and some sections of the South between
those States; but it seems that the doctrine
of State rights is becoming general in the Sen-
ate of the United States with the Radical por-
tion of the members. I do not mean State
rights exactly in the sense in which it used to
be used in the Old Dominion and in South
Carolina. There they held to State rights for
the purpose of maintaining and sustaining their
sovereign State edifices, as they attached an
idea of sovereignty to them, their State gov-
ernments, their State sovereignty; but the
modern application of the idea seems to be of
a contrary tendency. It is not to preserve, to
protect, to defend, but it is to pull down and
^ build up at pleasure. Iiere is the majority of
the Senate pulling down State rights and State
governments and building them at will. It
seems to me eminently ludicrous when the
Senate of the United States shall be engaged
from year to year and session to session, and
week to week, and frequently from day to day,
in the work of pulling down States and then
building them up. That is a sort of State
rights, as I said, not such as used to be heard
of in old Virginia, but in the sense in which
we speak of millwrights, wheelwrights, play-
wrights, [laughter ;] men who like to dabble
with the m achinery, and who amuse themselves
from day to day in being with the machinery ;
a sort of tinkering. To be sure, it is not a
very apt subject to apply the term " tinkering"
to, but there are various tinkerings beside
those with metals, 1 believe; but my honor-
able friend [Mr. Stewart] who represents the
metal country, I do not know whether most in
the brass or the gold, can give me full inform-
ation on that point. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEWART. The brass mines are fur-
ther east. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. But it is in this sense, Mr.
President that I am perfectly charmed with
the idea in which the Senate have become
State-Wrights,mill-Wrights,wheel-wrights, play-
wrights, patent-wrights, patentees, and all that
sort of thing. [Laughter.] I think, how-
ever, they might just as well quit fun and get
back to the old principles and the old voca-
tions of statesmanship, and let these amusing
ephemeral novelties of the day pass into ob-
livion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman*.]
Mr. WELCH. I should like to hear the
amendment read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
strikeout the words " Florida'1 and 11 Arkan-
sas," in the fourth line of the joint resolution.
Mr. WELCH. I should be glad of the
privilege of saying a single word in respect to
that amendment. I ought to know something
of the state of things in Florida. I do not
know whether the exception of these two
States is on account of the condition of things
there or not. If it is I am ready to bear tes-
timony that the reconstructed government of
Florida is to-day more firmly settled and more
generally accepted, I believe, than that of any
other reconstructed State in the South. There
is not a trace of a Johnsonian Legislature
there, and I never have heard one mentioned ;
nor is there is a Johnsonian Governor there.
There is one Governor and one Legislature.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 will ask my friend from
Florida whether there was not a convention,
and afterward a Legislature, elected in Florida
under the proclamation of Air. Johnson in
1865?
Mr. WELCH. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. Has the term of office of
the members of the Legislating expired?
Mr. WELCH. Nobody claims that that
Legislature is now in existence. The term
hasexpired. The government, wilhallthe arch-
ives, has been handed over to the present Gov-
ernor.
Mr. HOWARD. Can the honorable Sena-
tor inform us who was the Johnsonian Gov-
ernor, or the last one, if there was more than
one ?
Mr. WELCH. David S. Walker.
Sir. HOWARD. And has he delivered up
the archives of the State to the now Governor
under the reconstruction?
Mr. WELCH. He has.
Mr. HOWARD. I merely inquired for in-
formation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the
question on Mr. Sherman's amendment, and
declared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. SHERMAN". I ask for the yeas and
nays, or a division. I am perfectly willing to
take a division.
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. EDMUNDS.
Let us have the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to offer a substi-
tute, which I should like to have read now, if
there is no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us vote on this
amendment first.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to hear the
substitute.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The vote on this amend-
ment might depend on the reading of that.
Mr. POMEROY. If any States are to be
stricken out, all ought to be stricken out,
excepting Texas, Mississippi, and Virginia.
While 1 agree to what the Senator from Flor-
ida has said, that there is a regularly organized
government in Florida, and it is acquiesced in,
1 must say that that is true also of North Car-
olina, Alabama, and other States. I do not
like to make any distinction, simply because
we have sworn in Senators and members from
Arkansas and Florida.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. Suppose the other States
vote down the constitutional amendment?
Mr. FESSENDEN. They have not yet
adopted the fourteenth amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. That is only a question
of time. They are just as certain to adopt it
as they are to meet together. I am speaking
of the Carolinas and Alabama. Now, the
States that we put into the law of this session,
in which we said they were entitled to repre-
sentation, include all the original seceding
States excepting the three I have mentioned.
If  e are to legislate with reference to specific
States I think we ought to confine our legisla-
tion to that class, or else leave the names of
all of them out and make a general law that
shall be applicable to all.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Clerk to road
the proposed substitute that 1 sent to the desk
for the information of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read.
The Chief Clerk. The proposed amend-
ment is to strike out all of the joint resolution
after the enacting clause and to insert:
That all the States that have been in rebellion
against the United States, who have not, upon tlio
adjournment of the present session of Congress, be-
come entitled to repiesentation in Congress, shall
not be entitled to vote for electors for President and
Vice President fit the next presidential election, nor
sh.ill the electoral votes of such States beicceived
or counted,
Mr. POMEROY. The difficulty about that
is, that it depends upon the contingency of an
adjournment. We do not know but that there
may be some reasons why we may have a hasty
adjournment or may delay the adjournment.
I do not want the question of the right of States
to vote in the presidential election to depend
upon the contingency of an adjournment of
Congress.
Mr. CONNESS. If the date of the next
presidential election, the 3d of November,
were substituted for that it would be better.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is another thing
about that: it speaks of the " States that have
been in rebellion." That is exactly what the
Democratic party on the other side say has
never happened; that the States never have
been in rebellion.
_ The PRESIDENT^jro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, on which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Ferry, Ilarlnn, Howe, McDonald,
Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Osborn,llaio.sey, lioss,
Sherman Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Welch, Wtlley, and Wilson—17.
& AYS —Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cameron,
i\ t"* Conkiing, Oonrioss, (Jrasrin, Davis,
i/rake, Edmunds, Fessenden, Howard, MeCreery,
iNye,. Patteison of New Hampshire, Pomcroy, Stew-
art. Viekevs, Wade, and William*,—21.
AB&EVT—Messrs. B-ayai d,Cattell,Corbett, Dixon,
Doolittle, lowlcr, FreUnghuysen, Grimes, Hender-
son, Hendricks, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Norton,
Patterson of Tennessee, Kico, Saulsbury, Sprague
Sumner, and Yates—ID.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Oregon offer an amendment?
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 will modify the amend-
ment that I suggested by inserting the words,
'•the States whose inhabitants have been in
rebellion."
Mr. CONKLING. "Inhabitants or author-
ities. ''
Mr. WILLIAMS. "Inhabitants" will do;
andto substitute "the 3d day of November"
for "the adjournment of Congress."
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to hear it
read as modified.
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Ciiikf Oi.erk. It is proposed to strike
out all of the joint resolution after the resolv-
ing clause, and insert the following:
That all the States whoso inhabitants have been in
rebellion against the United Slates, wlio shall not on
the 3d day of November, 1865, become entitled to
representation in Congress, shall not be entitled to
vote for electors for Picsident and Vice President at
the next presidential election, nor shall the electoral
votes ot such States be received or counted,
Mr. McCREERY. There are two negatives
in that.
Mr. HOWARD. I venture to suggest to the
Senator from Oregon to use the word "only"
instead of "all," and to strike out "not."
Mr. WILLIAMS. I guess I had better
withdraw it.
Mr. ROMERO Y. "Entitled to representa-
tion by law" would do.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That amendment era-
bodies my idea. I had not time to prepare the
phraseology quite satisfactorily to myself; but
as I see that there is so much diversity of
opinion about it, I believe I will withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to move an amend-
ment. I propose to amend the joint lesolution
by striking out all after the word " that," and
inserting:
The States of Virginia, Mi-sissippi, and Texas,
respectively, shall not be entitled to lepresentation
in the Electoral (Jollegeforthechoiceot Presidcntor
Vice President of the United States, and no electoral
votes shall be received or counted troin any of such
States, unless at the time prescribed by law for tho
choice ot electors the people of sueh States, pur-
suant to tho acts of Congress in that behalf, &e.
And then following the language of the
original resolution. The States of Virginia,
Mississippi, and Texas will not be in a condi-
tion to vote at the presidential election. I pro-
pose to say that tliey shall not vote. They will
not be entitled to be represented in Congress
this year. As to the other States, North Caro-
lina, South Carolina, Alabama, Louisiana, and
Georgia, four of them will probably be here
within a very few days, three of them perhaps
next week, and the other in a few days after.
There is doubt about the State of Georgia com-
plying with the conditions we have imposed.
The House of Representatives of Georgia is
said to have a majority who are opposed to the
policy of reconstruction. I saw in a letter or
telegram received from there yesterday that
Howell Cobb and Robert Toombs were at
Atlanta struggling to defeat the constitutional
