1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1875
ceive impossible in such holding ground,) by other
vessels drifting upon her, which subsequently sunk.
The Mameluke's masts vrere blown out of her; other
vossels had their boats blown from their tackles and
dashed to pieces."
Captain Howard in his report constantly
speaks of the terrible, dark, foggy, rainy
weather prevailng on that coast. And he pays
the following compliment to Mr. Davidson, the
gentleman referred to by the gentleman from
California, [Mr. Higby:]
"I beg leave, however, to bear testimony to the
untiring exertions of Mr. Davidson and Coast Survey
party to accomplish an almost impossibility. For
many days and nights they watched in vain for sun,
moon, and stars, which led us almost to believe
neither ever had been or would bo seen."
That is the delightful country and delightful
climate to which the gentleman has called our
attention. Now, in regard to the temperature
of that coast, I refer gentlemen to Professor
Davidson's table of the temperature of Sitka,
as follows:
"Beginning with the month of March we can judge
of the temperaturo of the different seasons by the
following scheme:
Months. JDeorees. Season.
March 35.5")
April 41.2 > Spring, 41°.3
May 47.2)
June 51.7)
July 55.3 > Summer, 54°.4
August 55.8)
September 51.2)
October .44.2 >- Autumn, 44°.2
November 37.8)
December 31.7)
January 31.1 V Winter, 31°.9
February 32.9 )
It cannot have escaped the attention of mem-
bers of the machinery which has been brought
to bear to induce this House to sanction this
treaty. I have here a telegraphic dispatch from
General Halleck, in command of the Pacific
military division, sent on the 19th of Novem-
ber last. It will be recollected that he took
great interest in this treaty, and telegraphed
from the Pacific coast while it was pending be-
fore the Senate, recommending its ratification.
The following is the telegram to which I
referred:
Headquarters Military Division of the Pacific,
San Francisco, California, November 19,1867.
General: It is understood that the best agricultu-
ral land m the newly acquired Territory of Alaska is
to be found on the peninsula of Kenay, between
Cook's inlet and Prince William's sound. The cli-
mate is said to be far better than at Sitka or Kodiak.
It is proposed to establish a military post on this pen-
insula early next spring, and no doubt settlers will
follow as soon as they are certain of protection.
I therefore respectfully suggest to the Department
of the Interior that these lands be surveyed and
brought into market at as early a period as possible.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
H. W. HALLECK,
Major General U. S. A., Conmanding Military Division
of the Pacific.
Adjutant General of the Army, Washington, D. C.
Official: # li. WILLIAMS,
Assistant Adjutant General.
It was made known through the papers at
that time that General Halleck had advised
that this country should be surveyed and opened
for settlers. I desire to call the attention of
members to the particular portion of this ter-
ritory, thus recommended for settlement, as
described by Professor Davidson in his report.
General Halleck must have derived Ins inform-
ation from some one who had never been there.
Professor Davidson speaks of this country as
follows:
"Tobenkoff (1848) gives a dark picture of the ap-
pearance aud climate of Prince William's sound,
calling it desolate, gloomy, and deserted; surrounded
by rocks and pine forests; mountains covered with
eternal snow, and enveloped in perpetual fog, or in-
visible with drizzling rain."
This is the country which General Halleck
says is understood to be the best part of that
Territory, and which he desires to have sur-
veyed for settlers.
Sir. HIGBY. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Yes.
Mr. HIGBY. How did they find out that
the mountains were covered with eternal snow?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I am
quoting the authority cited by the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Higby.] The gentleman
has no right to call his accuracy in question.
Professor Davidson continues:
" Rain falls sometimes for a whole month, and
there are not more than sixty or ninety sunny days
in the year. During the months of July and August
the thermometer showed 59° on fair days and 46° on
rainy days. The frost in winter is very sovere, but
of short duration, for the south winds change it sud-
denly to thaw and rain."
This is, as General Halleck says, the best
part of the territory, which he wants surveyed,
so that people may go there and settle.
Accompanying that expedition was a botan-
ist and also a geologist. They were sent out
there to obtain information which was to be
ready when Congress should meet.
They were instructed to hunt for fishing
banks and for coal-fields, neither of which they
found within the jurisdiction of Russia. Now,
here is what Dr. Kellogg, the botanist, says:
"Unfortunately, this vast region of islands and
continental coast is not boidered at tho bases of these
lofty timbered ranges with sloping or level bottoms;
but isgashed with precipitous and inaccessible gorges,
the peaks, for the most part, beingcapped with snow,
whiob, melting in summer, together with tho con-
tinual rains, make every roekless footstep a sphag-
nous, miry morass."
Ho uses what is a new word to me; but I
find from the definition that this sphagnum is
a kind of moss which covers the entire surface
of the ground to the depth of one or three feet.
This botanist says that the whole country where
the rocks do not come to the surface is covered
with this miry moss:
"Altitude passes for naught here; even tho moun-
tains are miry to their tops."
A beautiful country!
Now, sir, a geologist was also taken out, and
I have his report before me. I undertake to
say here, notwithstanding all that has been
said in telegraphic dispatches and through the
public press, that no coal of any value has
been discovered in that region. No gold has
ever been discovered in Russian America.
The little gold that has been discovered on the
Stochin river has been far east of the borders
of Russian America, at least one hundred
miles. No silver has been discovered there.
No lead has been discovered there. There is
no proof that any copper has been discovered,
although a man writes from Boston, or near
Boston, that he once bought of a native a cop-
per dagger, and when he asked the native
where he got it he pointed east—inland. We
are asked to infer from this circumstance that
there is copper there. There is no proof that
any metal, precious or base, has yet been dis-
covered there.
Now, as I do not want to take up the time of
my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Bromwell,] I
cannot go into the question of tho fisheries or
the fur trade. I considered those to some ex-
tent in my speech on this subject. Captain
Howard was instructed to look for fishing banks.
He found a fishing bank, but it was below the
latitude of 54° 40', the extreme southern limit
of this region. It was not within the Russian
waters; it was not within the limits where
vessels are not allowed to fish. It was far dis-
tant from the main land. He found but one
bank, although he sounded the waters often.
But ho tells us that he heard there were other
banks which were being kept secret. Now, I
will be candid enough to say that I believe
there is abundance of fish on that coast. But
we have always been allowed to fish there. We
have never been interfered with. We have
fished beyond the jurisdiction of Russia. But
the climate of Walrussia is such that fish can-
not be cured there. Hence it is of no conse-
quence whether we have the right to land there
or not. Without owning Walrussia we have
the privilege of catching fish there, and going
with the cargo wherever we please.
[Here the hammer fell. J
Mr. HIGBY. Permit me to say that whether
fish can be cured there or not it is a fact that
codfish taken in those waters are brought to
San Francisco cured. I do not know where
they cure them.
Mr. BROMWELL addressed the House oil
financial topics. [See Appendix.]
NATIONAL DEBT AND FINANCES.
Mr. SELYE. Mr. Speaker, some few days
since I introduced a bill for the amendment of
the act to provide a national currency, the gen-
eral features of which are as follows: '
First. Repeals the clause which restricts the
aggregate circulation to $300,000,000, and de-
claring that there be no restriction as to the
number or aggregate capital of the banks to be
formed, thus returning the well-tried princi-
ples of the New York free banking law.
Second. Repeals the thirty-first section,
which compels the banks to keep a reserve in
legal-tender_ notes equal to fifteen per cent.,
and in certain cities to twenty-five per cent, of
their circulation and deposit, a useless and un-
necessary loss of interest, and no practical
security to the billholder or depositor.
Third. Provides for the redemption of their
notes in New^ York city by all the banks at
par, which is in effect equivalent to returning
to specie payments.
Fourth. Authorizes a new loan, payable,
principal and interest, in gold coin at the pres-
ent weight and standard, for the purpose of
redeeming all the legal-tender notes in excess
of $100,000,000, when reduced to that sum the
remainder to be receivable for customs duties,
and to be reissued to creditors of the Govern-
ment who may desire them, so that the limit
of $100,000,000 be not exceeded.
Mr. Speaker, this subject is one on which
it may be thought presumptuous in me to ad-
dress the committee. I profess no special
knowledge, only such as a plain man who has
kept his eyes open picks up in the course of
an experience long enough to encounter most
of the rubs of practical working-day life. I
was bred a blacksmith, or, more properly
speaking, a forger and machinist, and claim to
have been a rather uncommonly good one.
1 know what it is to be in want of money to be
used in my business, and to be enabled by its
use to get a fair profit from industry. I know
what it is to be unable to borrow it, not be-
cause anybody doubted that I could and would
use it advantageously to myself, advantageously
to the other mechanics whom it would enable
me to keep employed, and advantageously to
the whole community, but because money was
scarce, and higher interest could be had from
pinched speculators than from people engaged
in productive trades. I have pounded my way
along in life till I have got to be tolerably in-
dependent of money-lenders, and finally have
met here on the floor of the House of Repre-
sentatives my old friend and fellow-workman
under the same roof in the then village of
Rochester, Hon. Johx Covode, of Pennsyl-
vania, one of the most influential members of
this House.
I have the notion that we rely a little too
much on the supposed knowledge of those
whose business is to deal in money, and who,
it seems to me, may have a general interest
adverse to those who want to hire the use of
money. It is time somebody should speak for
the masses who purchase the use of money and
want the price low. I shall try to represent
them. The bankers and brokers, who want
to get the most for the use of their money, and
do not want competition in lending, will find
enough to speak for them and to accept their
counsels with abundant deference.
The free banking law of the State of New
York was passed in the year 1838. and has
been in operation ever since. Before it be-
came a law banking was a monopoly, or a
privilege doled out through political favorit-
ism or more corrupt inducements. These had
finally become so offensive that the people de-
termined there should be no more of thorn for-
ever in the State of New York, but that every
man and every association of men who thought
they could get a profit by banking should have
the privilege to try it, so that they complied
with uniform conditions required for the secur-
ity of billholders. The vain notion that the
Legislature could find out how much money
the people wanted to use better than the peo-
ple themselves was explodedas nonsense. This
