1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
491
which were referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. FOWLER presented ft petition of
regents and curators of the Kentucky Uni-
versity, praying compensation for pr [>erty and
medical apparatus destroyed by fire in Hay 22,
1803, while occupied as a hospital by United
States troops; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims, and a motion to print it was
referred to the Committee on Printing.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HENDRICKS, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of John W.
8a lyre bo withdrawn from the files of the Senate,
and that they be referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
REPORTS OK COMMITTEES.
Sir. SHERMAN. The Committee on Pi-
nance, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 140) to provide for a commis-
sion to ekamiue and report on meters for dis-
tilled spirits, have directed me to report it back
with amendments, and 1 give notice that 1 shall
call it up to-inorrow.
. Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 174) for the relief of Mrs. Emma Wilson,
of the State of Indiana, have had the same
under consideration, and directed me to report
it back with a recommendation that it be
indefinitely postponed, i ask that action be
now taken.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe this is a bill
for the relief of Airs. Wilson, of Indiana, intro-
duced by me.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I regret the report of
the committee. 1 think some relief might
have been extended to Mrs. Wilson according
to the precedents that have obtained, if not
to the extent, of granting her husband's salary
for the whole year, at least for the unexpired
quarter, though I know the latter proposition
would not give her very much. I suggest to
the chairman that the only difference between
this case and a large class of cases is just this:
Mrs. Wilson had left the post of her husband's
duty shortly before his death, and was per-
haps on her way home at the time he died, or
bad just arrived home at the time of his death.
]f she had remained at his post until the time
of his death the Department, under the pre-
cedents or according to law, would have paid
her the balance of the quarter's salary, i do
not think she ought to be turned away without
any relief when there is so little difference
between the proposition contained in this bill,
with an amendment limiting the allowance to
the unexpired quarter's salary, and the prece-
dents where similar allowances have been made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator object to the consideration of the
report at this time?
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir; I do not. I
cannot expect to carry the bill over the report
of the committee ,
Mr. "SUMNER. The committee communi-
cated with the Department of Stat'e on the sub-
ject and ascertained that there were no prece-
dents in favor of such an allowance, and they
did not think it best now to establish one.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Department may
have said that there was no precedent for
granting a year's salary, but I understand the
precedents are for a quarter's salary. At the
time 1 drew up the bill I did not know the
precedents were for a quarter only ; I thought
they were for a year.
Mr. WILSON. I hope that bill will go over
this morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator object to the consideration of the
report?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then it
goes over under the rule.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred a joint resolution (S. R. No.
87) to provide for the gradual reduction of the
Army of the United States, to report it back
and recommend its passage. It is one section
of four or five lines, and it is important that it
should be acted upon at once. I desire to
have it put on its passage now.
The PUESi DENTpro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent. Is there any objection?
Mr. DAVIS. I shall not object if it is not
going to interfere with my privilege.
Mr. WILSON. If the resolution gives rise
to debate I shall not press it now.
Mr. DAVIS. I think I had better object,
for the sake of caution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill will lie over under the
rule.
Mr. STEWART. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a memorial
of the reconstruction convention of Alabama-
for the removal of the political disabilities
resting upon Governor R. M. Patton, have
directed me to report a bill, and I ask that it
be put on its passage now. I think there will
be no opposition to it.
The bill (S. No. 24C) to remove political dis-
abilities from Robert M. Patton, of Alabama,
was read and passed to the second reading.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
can be read the second time and considered
now by unanimous consent. Is there any
objection ?
Mr. THAYER. I object.
DISTRICT J Alt.
Mr. CORBETT. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to inform the Senate what is the amount
of money paid on account of the new jail in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, anil to whom paid.
1 desire to state that the special committee
appointed upon this subject desire this inform-
ation.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, aud agreed to.
THE FINANCES.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted the following
resolution; which was ordered to He on the
table, and be printed:
Resolved, That the Committee on Financo be in-
structed to inquire into tho expediency of providing
for tho funding and consolidation ot the debt of the
United States into bonds or obligations, the princi-
pal of which shall never become due and payable,
buaring interest at tho rate of four per cent, per
uuuui, payable semi-annually in ouin, and to be
exempt from all taxation, and to further provide for
the purchase and cancellation of tuch bonds or obli-
gations from time to titoe by tho Secretary of the
Treasury as may accord with the pecuniary abiliUen
of the Government.
2. To prevent, by the imposition of high duties
discriminating against cosily fabrics and luxuries,
exoessive importations and the consequent exporta-
tion of gold to pay balances, reducing thereby the
amount ot' such duties as nearly as practicable to th<5
amount necessary to pay tho interest upon the public
debt, and further by the removal of taxes from the
products of mining and the capital invested therein,
and otherwise to oncourage and facilitate the pro-
duction of gold and silver from the mines of th«
Uuitcd States.
3. Toamcnd the national bank act sothat national
banks may be established without limit as to num-
ber as the business interests ot the country shall re-
quire, and to prohibit all other systems of banking,
aud to provide for the gradual withdrawal of Treas-
ury notes from circulation and the substitution there-
for of national bank notes, and further to provide
for the resumption of specie payments through said
banks, by requiring them to hold the necessary re-
serves in coin, and by extending spccial inducements
to the banks already existing for their resumption of
specie payments.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
247) to amend an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the greater security of the lives of pas-
sengers on board of vessels propelled in whole
or in part by steam," and for other purposes;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 248) to reduce the number of major gen-
erals and brigadier generals in the Army of
the United States; which was read twice by.
its title.
Mr. THAYER. As this is a bill of but a
few lines, I ask that it be read at length.
The Secretary read'the bill, which provides
that from and after its passage the number of
rfajor generals in the Army of the United
States shall be reduced to four, and the num-
ber of brigadier generals to nine, and that it
; shall be the duty of the Secretary of War to
[ muster out of the service of the Uuited States
I the last commissioned officers in each of the
| above-named grades.
| Mr. THAYER. I move the reference of
; the bill to the Committee on Military Affairs
|! and the Militia.
j The motion was agreed to.
;; Mr. THAYER also asked, and by unani-
: raous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 240) to extend the provisions of
an act to enable the State'of Arkansas and
1 other States to reclaim the swamp lands within
their limits to the State of Nebraska; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN asked, and by
n unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
' duce a bill (S. No. 230) to restore the posses-
| sion of lands confiscated by the authorities of
! the States lately in rebellion; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
: tee on the Judiciary.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. FERRY. A day or two since I re-
ported from the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office a private bill which, I am now
informed, if it is to be beneficial at all to the
party in interest, should be passed immedi-
ately in this body in order that it may pass the
House before the early part of February. It
is a bill to which I think there is no objection
by stuy person in or out of the Senate, and I
ask that it may be taken up and put on its
passage. I gave way yesterday to the Senator
from Kentucky, supposing that to-day I might
have an opportunity to pass this bill; ana £
would ask him now to give me a few minutes,
certainly it will not take more than three min-
utes to pass this bill.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. It can only
be done by unanimous consent, as another sub-
ject is pending.
Mr. DAVIS. I very reluctantly enter my
objection. If it was not for my peculiar atti-
tude I assure the Senator from Connecticut I
should yield. But I will give his bill a fair
consideration, and if I think it ought to pass I
will promise him my support.
Mr. FERRY. Do I understand that the
Senator objects?
Mr. DAVIS. I object.
Mr. FERRY. I move, then, to postpone
the present and all prior orders and take up
Senate bill No. 229, for the relief of Horace
Smith and D. B. Wesson, or their assigns.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will inquire whether
that motion is in order in the morning hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. All mat-
ters are under the control of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe the Senate hai
never violated an understanding where one has
been fairly made, and I submit to the Senator
from Connecticut whether this does not do it.
By an understanding all around the Senator
from Kentucky has a right to the floor this
morning.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand that I am to
proceed with my remarks when the morning
business is through, and to continue them until
I have finished. I think that is the under-
standing of the Senate. I do not wish to inter-
fere with any object of the Senator from Con-
necticut, or any other Senator that does not
impinge upon my right. If the Senate under-
stand that that is my right, and that when the
Senator's bill is disposed of or at the conclusion
of the morning hour I may call up my resolu-
tion and complete my remarks, I have no
objection whatever to the Senator's motion.
Mr. FERRY. The bill would have been
passed before this time probably. Now, sir,
1 understand the objection is withdrawn, and I
therefore withdraw my motion and ask the
