"492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
unanimous consent of the Senate to take up
this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands the objection to be withdrawn.
Mr. SHERMAN. When the morning hour
expires, if this other business is before the
Senate, I shall certainly call up the unfinished
business and submit the question to the Senate.
If the Senator from Kentucky, who now has
the floor, yields it to a private bill, as a matter
of course he cannot expect the public business
to be set aside afterward.
Mr. DAVIS. Under that suggestion I can-
not yield. I suppose I have the floor now.
Mr. FERRY. I will withdraw my motion
aud let the Senator from Kentucky proceed.
Mr. DAVIS. I thank the honorable Sen-
ator for his courtesy, and I assure him that it
will give me great pleasure to give a more
substantial sense of my appreciation of his
courtesy hereafter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut withdraws his motion,
and the Senator from Kentucky is entitled to
the floor.
decision of constitutional qcestions.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted by Mr. Davis
on the 10th of December last: j
Ecto'oed, That the Constitution should be so !
amended as to create a tribunal with jurisdiction
to decide all questions of constitutional power that
shall arise in the Government of the United States,
and all questions of conflict of jurisdiction between
it and the State governments; said tribunal to con-
sist of one member from each State, to be appointed
by the State, to hold his office during good behavior,
and a majority of the whole number of said tribunal
to be necessary to make a decision. '
Mr. DAVIS continued the speech which he !
commenced yesterday. At one o'clock he
was interrupted by the Chair calling up the
unfinished business of yesterday, but. was, by
unanimous consent, allowed to proceed and
conclude his remarks. His entire speech is
as follows:
Mr. President, some such amendment of the
Constitution as is suggested in the resolution I
have offered for the consideration of the Sen-
ate I deem to be necessary for the preserva-
tion of our mixed system of national and State
forernments ; the only system I can compre-
end by which strength and liberty both can
be secured in a country so extensive as ours.
The Constitution and laws of the United States
are restricted to a few general and national
objects, but within their sphere are the su-
preme law of the land, while the States, as to
all subjects and powers not intrusted by the
Constitution to the Government of the United
States, are, within their respective limits, solely
and exclusively sovereign, and as much so of
the United States as of foreign nations. These
governments are to a very limited extent
blended, but the Constitution assigns to each
its distinct and independent orbit upon which
the other cannot encroach without usurping
power and endangering the safety of the sys-
tem. They have an inherent, inevitable tend-
ency .to interfere with each other's functions,
and one of the most desirable but difficult ob-
jects of the men who framed the Constitution
was to .organize a tribunal to hold them to the
exercise of those powers which the Constitu-
tion confided to them respectively. To that
end the Supreme Court of the United States
was all that could be agreed upon by the Con-
vention.
Mr Madison, in the thirty-ninth number of
the Federalist, says :
"It is true that in controversies relating to the
boundary between the two jurisdictions the tribunal
which is ultimately to decide is to be established
under the General Government. But this does not
change the principle of the case. The decision is to
be impartially made, according to the rules of the
Constitution, and all the usual and most effectual
Precautions, are taken to secure this impartiality,
oine such tribunal is clearly essential to prevent an
appeal to the sword and a dissolution of the com-
pact, and that it ought to be established under the
General rather than under the 1 ocal governments; or,
{"SPeak more properly, that itcould bo safely estab-
lished ander the first alone, is a position which is not
likely to be combated."
j In an outline of the Constitution, written in
; 182D, Mr. Madison says :
"The plain fact of the case is that the Constitution
of the United States was created by the people com-
posing the respective States, whoalonohad theriiht;
that they organized the Government into legislative,
executive, and judicial departments, delegating
thereto certain portions of power to be exercised
over the whole, and reserving the other portions to
themselves respectively. As these distinct portions
of power were to be exercised by tho General Gov-
ernment and by the Stato governments, by each
within certain spheres, and as, of course, controver-
sies concerning the boundaries of their power would
happen, it was provided that they should be decided
by tho Supreme Court of the United States, so con-
stituted as to be as impartial a3 it could be made by
the motlo of appointment and responsibility of tho
judges."—James Madison'* Writings, vol. 1, p. IS.
But the Supreme Court could take jurisdic-
tion only over such subjects and in such cases
as the Constitution authorized. Article three
section one, says:
" The judicial power of the United States shall be
vested in one Supreme Court, and in such inferior
courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain
and establish."
"Sec. 2. The judicial power shall extend to all
cases is law and equity arising under this Constitu-
tion, the laws of the United States, and treaties
made or which shall be made under their authority;
to nil cases affecting ambassadors, other public min-
isters, andconsuls; to all casesofadmirality and mari-
time jurisdiction; to controversies to winch the Uni-
ted States shall be a party; to controversies between
two or more States; between a State and citizens of
another State; between citizens of different States;
between citizens of the same Stato claiming lands
under grants from different States; and between a
State or a citizen thereof and foreign States, citizens,
or subjects." t
This is the organization of the Supreme Court
and the judicial department of the Government
of the United States by the Constitution. It
will be observed that there .is no express invest-
ment of jurisdiction over cases or questions of
a conflict of authority between the Government
of the United States and the States, but that
such jurisdiction is given by necessary implica-
tion in all cases in which jurisdiction is ex-
pressly conferred, where, upon trial, any ques-
tion of such conflict of power may properly
arise, either in the prosecution or the defense
of the suit. And this implied jurisdiction ex-
tends not only to questions of contested power 1
between the Governments of the United States
and the States, but also to the validity and con-
stitutionality of all bills passed by Congress, and
all acts of the President, and any other ollicer
of the Government; and so. far as they are
unauthorized by the Constitution the courts
have the power, and it would be their duty to
pronounce them null and void.
The Constitution no where designates the
Supreme Court to be the tribunal to adjudge
whether acts of the other departments of the
Government are in conformity to it, but from
its provisions and the debates, and history
of the Convention that framed it, there can be
no reasonable doubt that it was intended to
confer on the judicial department, the Supreme
Court, the full jurisdiction here stated; and
that the letter and spirit of the Constitution
do confer it. After questions involving these
principles had arisen in the administration of
the Government, Mr. Madison repeatedly, and
in the most deliberate manner, set himself to
the task of giving a synoptical statement of the
Constitution ; and he affirms again and again
that such is the extent of the jurisdiction of
the Supreme Court.
But in an early period after the organization
of that court, it established a distinction be-
tween what it denominated judicial and polit-
ical questions, eschewing wholly the one and
taking jurisdiction of the other when properly
before it. The Constitution makes no such
discrimination, and the line separating the two
classes, if drawn at all by the court, has been
done so vaguely as rather to bewilder than in-
struct.
A case in court is a proceeding in which
there are at least two parties, one asking the
judgment of the court for a right from the
other, and involving both law and fact. The
matter of law may be a bill passed by Con-
gress, or it may be the validity of some act
done by the President, or the Senate, or some
officer, civil or military, of the Government;
but whether the one or the other, if it bo mate-
rially connected with the right claimed, or the
ground upon which it is resisted by the party
defendant, the question as to that case is a
judicial one. Can any proposition be more
true than that all questions which arise by
proceedings in courts in pursuit of a claim of
right or in resistance of such claim is a judi-
cial question?
The Constitution confers upon Congress the
power to do many acts, on the President to do
many other acts, and on the judiciary to do
many acts different from those authorized to
be done by Congress or the President. None
of these departments can do an act or revise
the doing of it, which (he Constitution provides
shall bo performed by another department;
and neither of them can do any act whatever
but what it is authorized by the Constitution
to perform. But whether one of the depart-
ments or any officer of the Government has
done a particular act, and whether that depart-
ment or officer had the power from the Con-
stitution and laws to do it, are both questions,
when they arise in cases before the courts over
which they have jurisdiction, that are judicial
questions, and the courts are bound to decide
them. And I believe this is the whole of it.
Bat whether this principle of non-action by
the courts be sound or not, it is too firrfily
established to be shaken. It is an unappeal-
able judgment of abnegation by the court itself
of its most important and valuable jurisdiction;
for though its adjudication of such questions
would strictly only bind the parties to the suit
in which they were adjudged, yet they would
carry a moral political power that would settle
the principle and cause it to be respected by
the Government in all its departments. But
this principle and practice being thus settled
by the Supreme Court is an unanswerable
argument that it is not a proper tribunal to
decida- questions of constitutional power as
they arise in the Government of the United
States, or questions of conflict of jurisdiction
between ft and the States.
But if the Supreme Court had taken and
exercised jurisdiction to the extent for which
I contend, both reason and experience teach
us that it would be greatly inadequate to per-
form the office of arbiter between the Govern-
ment of the United States and the States, and
to confine the departments and all officers, Fed-
eral and State within tho limits of the Consti-
tution, and is liable itself to overleap them,
Political questions are much more eruptive
and dangerous than those per se judicial, and
over those most frequent, most urgent, and
dangerous the court could but rarely acquire
jurisdiction; and then by reason of the mode
of appointing the judges and of their liability
to impeachment it would have cogent motives
to delay, to mislead, and to deter it from the
performance of its duties, particularly in times
of great party excitement and threatened rev-
olution. Chief Justice Marshall was among
the very ablest jurists our country has pro-
duced, and as a jurist-statesman he has had
no peer, and upon his spotless integrity sus-
picion never breathed. But he was so deeply
convinced of the imbecility of the Articles of
Confederation and the great necessity of a
strong Government that in a very few instances
he decided both against the letter and spirit
of the Constitution that it had conferred cer-
tain powers on Congress. I will refer to an
instance—the case of Cohen vs. State of Vir-
ginia ; (i Wheaton, 424.
The Constitution provides that—
"Congress shall have exclusive legislation in all
eases whatsoever over such District (not exceeding
ten miles square) as may, by cession of particular
States and the acceptance of Congress, become the
seat of tho Government of the United States, and to
exercise the like authority over all places purchased
by .tiie consent of the Legislatures of tho States in
which the same shall be, for tho ercction of forts,
magazines, arsenals, dock-yards, and other needful
buildings."
The plain meaning and effect of this language
is, to give to Congress the same jurisdiction over
the District of ten miles square that the Legisla-
