1876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
was the great feature of the law. In 1863 Con-
gress enacted the national banking law, nearly
all the provisions of which are closely copied
from the free banking law of New York. It dif-
fered, however, from the latter in the essential
particular that, instead of allowing the people to
have the benefit of all the circulating bills which
they might find it convenient and profitable to
use, it restricted the aggregate circulation to
$300,000,000, and undertook to apportion it
out in the ratio of representation. Nothing
could be found in the working of the New
York law for twenty-five years to suggest the
necessity of such a change.
Experience had shown that the banks could
never keep afloat the full amount of circula-
tion to which they were entitled. Bank after
bank had been established in out of the way
places, in the hope that the inconvenience of
reaching them to demand the redemption of
their bills would enable them to make money
by this sort of forced circulation. One by one
they found the effort a- vain one ; the people
would take no more money than they wanted;
they would not take it if it was not redeemable
where they wanted; such banks were obliged
to wind up; their securities, deposited with
the State comptroller, were quietly sold; the
billholders got value for the notes, and the
bankers pocketed the loss from their fruitless
attempt to surfeit the people with money they
did not desire. As, therefore, the restriction
in the national law was not founded upon ex-
perience, it must have proceeded upon some
theory which embraced these points: First,
that $300,000,000 was the largest amount of
circulating bills that it was good for the people
of the whole nation to have. Second, that after
distributing one half of this amount in the
States and Territories, according to represent-
ative population, it was wisest and best to let
the Secretary of the Treasury apportion the
other half as he thought good, "having due
regard to the existing banking capital, resources
and business of such States, District [of Col-
umbia,] and Territories." That distribution
was made in such a way, as I will show, as
to give the largest circulation to those States
which needed it least, and to leave those where
it was most wanted suffering for the machinery
of exchange, and that without remedy until the
restriction is repealed.
Let us look a little at the main point in this
theory. Money, whether in the shape of coin,
bank bills, or legal-tender notes, is useful, be-
cause it is the indispensable means of effecting
exchanges of labor and the fruits of labor. So
are wagons; so are railroad cars; so are canal
boats, and the vessels that navigate the rivers,
the lakes, and the ocean. All that they do is
to facilitate the exchange of commodities,
bringing and carrying them from the people
who want to sell to the people who want to
buy. Does any mortal now suppose that it is
necessary for the law to prevent building more
than a restricted number of wagons or cars or
ships or canal boats ? When roads and wagons
and the means of drawing them are plenty
transportation is cheap; and that means that
the man who has raised a bushel of wheat or
mined a ton of coal, or in any other way has
added something tangible to the wealth of the
country, can get his product to market by pay-
ing a small toll to the man who only carries it
on its way to be exchanged for plowshares or
tools or clothing. Everybody knows that it is
the producer who pays the tax of transportation,
so that every reduction in the cost of getting to
market is so much added to the price of his
products and the reward of his labor. Nearly
every railroad adds more than its cost to the
value of the farms along which it passes,
though competition may reduce the toll to a
rate too low to be remunerative to the capital-
ists who lay the tracks. We have learned to
let them look out for themselves, and derive
some consolation from the fact that their pri-
vate loss represents the public gain.
The swiftest and cheapest of all the engines
for circulating products is money, whether in
coin or that which will produce coin, or, what
is the same thing, will purchase like coin the
commodities which are of actual service in
filling our physical wants. Whenever the
supply is scanty exchanges slacken and labor
is paralyzed. No man, without going back to
the slow and cumbrous process of truck and
barter, can buy his neighbor's work or his
neighbor's wares until he can sell his own.
The want of a dollar keeps idle and rusting
as many times a dollar's worth of the products
of industry, whether it is for a day or a month,
as the dollar could pass through different hands
in the course of that time. Remember that a
thing is of no use to the world till it gets from
the hands of the producer into those of the
consumer, and that what we call consumption
is simply putting things in the way of aiding
fresh production. A ton of coal might as well
be at the bottom of the mine for all the good
it does till it comes to the furnace or the forge,
where it melts iron ore. The iron might as
well be in its native bed for any use that
comes of it until it gets to the blacksmith-
shop or the foundry. The ax and the spade
are no value to the world while they rest in
the shop of the maker. They only contribute
to wealth when they get into the hands that
wield them in chopping and digging. In short,
every hour that intervenes between production
and consumption is an hour in which the labor
expended in the production is as useless as if
it had been devoted to sheer idleness. You
necessarily suspend the employment of labor
when, by stinting the supply of money, you
impede the sales which furnish the means of
paying labor. Laborers unemployed are more
unprofitable than dead men, for they must be
fed and clothed.
All that I have said amounts to this, that the
steady and rapid circulation of money means
the steady and rapid activity of industry, and
the intermittent and sluggish circulation of
money means that labor is torpid, production
small, and the whole community slipping down-
ward toward poverty.
Now, every man of observation knows that
when money is plenty it goes rapidly from hand
to hand, and is kept in constant employment.
When, on the other hand, it is scarce, as it is
the only means of paying debts, people cling to
it for that purpose and are afraid to expend it
in keeping up the purchase and sale of com-
modities. "A nimble sixpence is better than
a slow shilling;" but the trouble is that when
men can get shillings the shillings are nimble,
and when they can only get sixpence the six-
pence is slow. This is the simple answer to
the argument that it makes no difference what
is the value of the currency, for when it is con-
tracted prices arc lower and each dollar goes
further. That may be true enough every time
it goes, but how if instead of going it stands
still ? If every drop of our blood was magnified
to the size of a musket ball we could get, along
with fewer drops, but how if the heart has not
the energy to move them?
The Special Commissioner of the Revenue,
on page 28 of his recent report, says that it is
not easy to see what connection there has
been between "the policy of the Treasury as
regards contraction Or funding and the paraly-
sis of business which is the invariable concom-
itant of a fall in prices." On the next page
he says:
" So far from there having been any adverse in-
fluence exerted upon priccs through a contraction
of the currency, the tendency, in truth, has been
entirely in the opposite direction, for it cannot be
doubted that a tall of prices, equivalent on the
whole business of the country to at least ten per
cent., must have been equivalent to a large addition
to the machinery of exelianso before existing."
What does this come to, when you put it
into plain English, but saying that when your
machinery is"standing still in a state of paraly-
sis a little of it is as good as more ? Granted ;
but paralysis is not what we are after. What
we ask for is life, motion, and growth.
The notion up at the Treasury seems to be
that because we have more currency than we
had before the rebellion wo have more than is
needed; bccause industry was stimulated to
great activity we -were in the paroxyisna of a
fever and must be bled. Now, supposing that
the people do not know when tney are healthy
as well as the doctors at the other end of the
avenue, I can see no better way of finding
whether it is too much circulation that is the
matter with them than by comparing the am ount
of their currency with that of other nations
supposed to be more sober and quiet. Two
years ago it was shown that the circulation
of hard money and paper money in Prance
amounted to over one thousand million dollars,
or nearly thirty dollars for each one of the
fopulation. Five sixths of this was in coin.
n Great Britain and Ireland, at the same time,
it was about seven hundred million dollars,
or nearly twenty-five dollars per head of the
population. Of this less than half was in
coin. I ask you to notice here the fact, which
may be seen everywhere, that the more a peo-
ple is addicted to the use of coin instead of
paper the larger is the amount of currency
they have to use, because coin is cumbrous,
and when people are afraid of paper substi-
tutes the coin moves slowly from hand to
hand. It is a slow coach, and therefore must
be made greater to do the same business as an
equal amount of paper money. At the time
to which this statement refers our currency
in actual circulation, composed entirely of
paper, was less than five hundred and fifty
million dollars, or less than fifteen dollars a
head to our population, only half of the cur-
rency of hard money in France, and only three
fifths of that in Great Britain. This ought to
be enough to prove that instead of our cur-
rency being inflated it was very moderate.
But it is plain enough in the nature of things
that we ought to have a larger currency in pro-
portion to our population than the thickly-
settled countries of the Old World, just as
people scattered miles apart over a continent
want more wagons than those who are packed
in cities. What actual money, coin, or paper
is most used for is in small purchases and in
the payment of wages. Our rate of wages is
higher than anywhere else in the world, and
we mean that it shall never be less. I mean
real wages, not simply as measured by nom-
inal price, but by the food and clothing and
schooling for the children that the price will
buy. The success of onr republican institu-
tions, the ability to maintain government by
the people and for the people, depends upon
the capacity of the man who has no capital
but his head and his arms to better his own
condition and start his children a little ahead
of the point where he started himself. The
only foundation and security for this is to
maintain a high rate of wages.
The man who works for two dollars a day is
not to be paid in a bank check. He must have
the cash that he can spend Saturday night in
buying the supplies for his family. This is the
grand reason why this nation requires a larger
currency than those where wages only keep
soul and body together. On this point I am
happy to be able to support myself by the
authority of Mr. McCulloch. On the sixteenth
page of his last report the Secretary says :
" In all the cities and towns throughout the country
checks upon credits in banks and bills of exchange
liavc largely taken the place of bank notes. Not a,
fiftieth part of the business of tile large cities is
transacted by the actual use of money, and what is
true in regard to the business of the chief cities is
measurably true in regard to thai, of towns arid vil-
lages throughout the country. Everywhere bank
credits and bills ot exchange perform the office of cur-
rency to a much greater extent than in former >e;tis.
Except, in dealings witli the Government for retail
trade, for the payment of labor and taxes, for travel-
ins expenses, the purchase of products at first hand,
and lor tho bankers' reserve, money is hardly a ne-
cessity. The increased use of bank oheuks and bills
of exchange counterbalances the increased demand
for money resulting fiorn the curtailment of mercan-
tile credits."
It would be easy to illustrate this by the ex-
ample of the city of New York, where the
weekly reports of the operations of the clear-
ing-house show that every day transactions to
the amount of 000,000 are settled in the
afternoon by the exchange of bank cheeks and
the passing over of balances amounting to
