1868.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
40th Gong. ... 2d Sess.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Shellabwrger.
Ho. OF IIHPS.
that the legislative authority of this Govern-
ment is paramount; that they who make the
law exercise a higher function than he who
executes the law. One thing, at least, has
been established, that it is possible for this
House to bring a President to trial; possible
for the Senate to try him, and the power to
acquit implies the power also to convict. On
this subject spoke William Pinkneya half cen-
tury ago:
" Of this, however, I foel aassured, thatifit should
ever happen that the President is found to deservo
tho punishment which impeachment seeks to inflict,
and this body should accuse him in a constitutional
way, he wiil not easily escape. But be that as it
may, T ask if it is nothing that you have power to
arraign him as a culprit? Is it nothing that you can
bring him to the bar, expose his misconduct to the
world, and bring down the indignation of the public
upon him and those who dare to acauit him?" (Speech
in the Houseof Representatives upon the bill to carry
into effect the British convention of 1815.)— Wheaton's
Pinhney, 537.
Let all whom it may concern read and take
note.
The same constitutional necessity which com-
pelled a resort to impeachment had compelled
much previous legislation, looking to the limit-
ation of executive power within the bounds
prescribed by the Constitution. Many preroga-
tives which rested on no better support than a
very questionable pru'edent, some quite excep-
tional use of executive authority, have been laid
under the stern interdict of positive law.
This bill has been prepared with the same
intent and for like purpose, to curtail the
executive power. It sedulously takes from the
President all control over the internal revenue
of the country save tho nomination of the
responsible head of that Department. To any
one not intoxicated with the prospect of him-
self wielding this extraordinary patronage,
through the President of his own choice, such
arefoim could not but be more desirable, as
well as more feasible, than the limitation of
the presidential office to a single term by con-
stitutional amendment. Thus political reasons
combine with financial reasons to segregate
the internal revenues from the other departments
of administration, and to make their assessment
and collection as independent as possible of
of extra-official influences, and directly respon-
sible to an enlightened public judgment.
Purchase of Alaska.
SPEECH OP HON. S. SHELLABARGER,
OF OIIIO,
Is the House of Representatives,
July 1, 1868.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and having under considera-
tion the bill (II. It. No. 1096) making an appropria-
tion to carry into effect tho treaty with Russia of
March 30,1867-
Mr. SHELLABARGER said:
Mr. Chairman: 1 think that it is not often
that we are called upon to vote upon a question
that is surrounded by more embarrassing cir-
cumstances than is this one now before us, not
on account of the intrinsic merits of the treatv
which we are considering, but on account of
that which has occurred in regard to it. I
admit that a few days ago my mind was not
fully made up as to what was my duty in this
^There is on the one side of the question
these considerations: first, that one which has
been just appealed to by the gentleman from
Minnesota, [Mr. Dojskellt,] in his eloquent
remarks; that is, that we are a land-stealing j
people by nature, and that our propensities |
and our manifest destiny are to steal land, until j
our "abutments," as the gentleman savs, shall '
be the one on the Atlantic and the Pacific and
also upon the Arctic and on the tropic s^as. I
know how that argument appeals to our Fourth \
of July natures : i know how that is calculated .
to carry us off in that direction, and how I am
and everybody else is disposed to fell into that
kind of thing. That' is one thing we have to
encounter in dealing with this matter. Our
propensities as Saxons, our vanity as Ameri-
cans, out- pride as a great and progressing
nation, ourloveof dominion, our lust of power,
our self-glorification, our notions of what a
great thing in diameter our country ought to
be, and, above all, our ideas that it is as un-
patriotic and out of fashion to hold that our
future glory is not to be found in owning all
the continents and the islands between, all
impel us to take this land.
Another consideration is this : that we deal
with Russia; and that man must be exceed-
ingly deaf to the ordinary impulses of gratitude
and of magnanimity who does not feel that in
our dealing with Russia our conduct ought not
only to be fair, but to be magnanimous. In
what is usually set down as the most despotic
Government in the world, in that Government
has been found always a friend and an ally, and
at no time in our history was that alliance
more cordial or the support more stupendous
which the very fact gave to us that Russia was
our friend than it was during our late war. I
say at no time in our history was the value of
that friendship so appreciated and so inesti-
mable as during our late struggle. And as I
would notin dealing with any nation, so Iwould
not especially in dealing with Russia, do aught
that could be construed by the very utmost
stretch of construction or of imagination into
an unfriendly act toward her. I approach the
matter of voting upon this treaty under the
enormous pressure which that feeling brings
upon my mind, that it might be deemed un-
friendly on our part toward Russia should we
not ratify, so far as our action is needed for
the ratification, this treaty with this friendly
Power.
Now, those two considerations impel me to
vote for this treaty. But they are about the
only two considerations which do impel me to
do so, I admit. I do not refer to the value or
the valuelessness of this territory. But what
belongs to the other side of this question V
Let me remind gentlemen here of what they
may remember without being reminded of it;
let me, by way of stimulating our memories,
remind gentlemen that we now sta- d upon the
threshold of a new event in the history of our
Republic. In the ratification or approval by
appropriation of this treaty we are about to
inaugurate a policy which is absolutely without
precedent in the history of the Republic. The
eloquent chairman of the committee appealed
to our pride and our ideas of future magnifi-
cence by alluding to the acquisitions of terri-
tory which we have heretofore made. But did
the chairman remember, does my country re-
member, that this is the first example in the
history of the Republic where we have sought
to acquire a foreign territory not contiguous
to our own Republic—the first instance in
which we enter upon the policy of those other
nations in the far past that went down under
that policy of foreign acquisitions. To day,
gentlemen, we stand here debating, and are
about to decide whether it is wise for this Re-
public, stretching as it does from the Atlantic
to the Pacific, and almost almighty in its nat-
ural resources and in all its elements of power,
to step now for the first time upon the policy
of acquiring possessions across the world far
remote, and of creating a system of foreign
colonies. Four hundred miles, or about that,
separate us from this country that we pi'opose
to buy. For one, and of course I speak only
for myself, I pause, I hesitate, I start back ;
nay, I have decided to refuse to be a party to
the beginning of this policy. Mr. Speaker, I
fear this system of foreign colonial possessions
upon which we here enter will be against us.
That it will be I venture to put the prediction
down.
Upon this momentous matter the great repub-
lic of the past speaks to the great Republic of
this age in sad but most significant language.
1 only state what the axioms of history teach
me when I say that the Governments of the
world which are strong and which endure are
those which are compact—compact in their
territory, compact in the genius of their insti-
tutions, compact in thfeir language, compact in
their laws, and compact in their love of coun-
try. Somebody said rather facetiously that the
country was so large already that he Could only
love half-of it at a time. There was philosophy
at the basis of that remark. That country
which is compact is strong. I will not, there-
fore, be a party to the beginning of a policy by
which we propose to acquire territories away
off, a policy which, it was said on yesterday
by the chairman, [Mr. Bafks,] is to soon bring
us the Sandwich islands, and ultimately all
other countries we may deem we want.
But, Mr. Chairman, notwithstanding what
has occurred in regard to this treaty, I want to
show that we approach the tote upon this treaty
under exactly the same responsibilities under
which every Senator acted when he agreed to
ratify it. 1 hold that this House is absolutely
free in the matter of making appropriations for
carrying out a treaty which cannot be executed
except by appropriations.
To show that we are 1 now proceed to notice
what under the Constitution are the relations
of this House to such treaties as require for
their execution, or whose execution affects the
constitutional powers of this House.
Mr. Chairman, it is impossible for us as law-
makers not to feel, in voting for or against the
appropriation for carrying out this inchoate
treaty, the great constraint upon our private
judgments as to duty which is occasioned by
the lacts which have transpired touching it.
That it has been nominally made and ratified;
that formal possession of Alaska by the Execu-
tive of our Government has been ordered and
taken; that the Russian Government has sur-
rendered possession to us, and that in all these
things we deal with a Government so friendly
to us as is Russia, are considerations which
almost impel us to go through with the treaty,
however unfit to be made we may deem it. Mr.
Speaker, the unpardonable vice of the action
which has occurred in this matter is in the fact
that the President, in making this treaty, did
not, as was done in the case of Louisiana by
Mr. Jefferson, make the treaty, in its express
terms, dependent for its binding force upon
whether Congress appropriated from our Treas-
ury the millions which it stipulated to pay for
this Russian ice. The inexcusable sin of the
transaction is in the President's and Senate's
assuming that they could draw money from
our Treasury "by treaty" in the very teeth of
the express words of the Constitution that this
shall never be done except "in consequence of
appropriations made by law."
i wish now, Mr. Chairman, to devote a few
minutes to showing how absolutely self-evident
it is that we, notwithstanding what has occurred
touching this treaty, have the right, and are
under' the solemn duty, to vote for or against
the appropriation, as we would had the treaty
not been yet entered upon, and with sole refer-
ence to the question whether, as au appropri-
ation of the people's money, this is one fit to
be made.
In entering upon the statement of the views
which support this proposition—and I can here
attempt nothing beyond the merest statement
of them—I shall state the two principles which
dispose of the whole matter in the very words
of others the most eminent in the knowledge
of our constitutional law.
The first I state from Story on the^ Constitu-
tion, (section 1502.) where, in speaking of this
treaty power of tho President and Senate, he
says:
" Cut though tho power is thus general and unre-
i stricied, it is not to be construed so as to <les. roy the
11 fundamental law of the State. A power given by tue
