186B.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2001
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill of the House No. 1039, to admit
the State of Arkansas to representation in Congress,
having met, after full and free conference, have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend to their
respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from its amendment to the
House bill and agree to said bill with the following
amendment added thereto: "Under laws equally
applicable to the inhabitants of said State: Pro-
vided, That any alteration of said constitution pros-
' pective in its effect may be made in regard to the
time and place of residence of voters;" and that the
Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the amendment to the preamble of thebill and agree
to the same. LYMAN TRUMBULL,
C. D. DRAKE,
HENRY WILSON,
Managers on part of the Senate.
THADDJ5US STEVENS,
F. C. BEAMAN,
Managers onpart of the House.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to hear the
bill read with that provision attached to it, so
that we may know how it stands.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state before the
Clerk reads it, so that the Senate will under-
stand it better, that the committee of confer-
ence have recommended that we agree to the
House bill precisely as it passed the House of
Representatives in regard to Arkansas except-
ing a slight verbal amendment in the preamble,
which is not important, with the addition of
the words incorporated in the report. The bill
as it, passed the other House provided as a
fundamental condition to the admission of
Arkansas to representation that no change of
its constitution should be made so as to deprive
any citizen or class of citizens of the right of
suffrage who has it by the constitution that is
herein recognized. Then we have added to
that a proviso that the constitution may be
changed as to the time and place of residence,
leaving the people of Arkansas to make such
change in that respect as they shall think
proper, to require more than six months' resi-
dence in the State, or to require some definite
'residence in the county as necessary to the
right to vote. They will also have the right to
change their constitution in regard to foreign-
ers, as this condition only applies to citizens.
Mr. POMEROY. Foreigners havingdeclared
their intention to become citizens can vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They can by this con-
stitution as it stands, but this fundamental
condition will not prevent the people of Ark-
ansas from changing their constitution in that
respect, if they should think proper, so as to
require citizenship hereafter. Now, if the
Clerk will read the words proposed to be added
by the report to the House bill, I think the
whole matter will be understood.
The Chief Clerk. The bill, as passed by
the House of Representatives, reads:
That the State of Arkansas is entitled and admit-
ted to representation in Congress asoncot theStates
of the Union upon the following fundamental con-
dition: that the constitution of Arkansas shall
never be so amended or changed as to deprive any
citizen or class of citizens of the United Stales oi the
right to vote who are entitled to vote by the consti-
tution herein recognized, except as a punishment
for such crimes as are now felonies at common law,
whereof they shall have been duly convicted.
To which it is proposed to add the words :
Under laws equalto7 applicable to the inhabitants
oi said State: Provided, That any alteration of said
constitution, prospective in its effect, may be made
m regard to the time and place of residence of
voters.
^ Mr. DRAKE. I would inquire whether the
Clerk has read that correctly. The report the
committee agreed upon was that the word
'all" should be before the words "the in-
habitants;" so as to read, "all the inhabitants
of said State."
'Jhe Chief Clerk. "Under laws equally
applicable to the inhabitants of said State " is
the language.
. Mr. DRAKE. Then, sir, there is a mistake
the report of the committee, and I ask that
the Chairman recall it so that the mistake may
be corrected. The Clerk has made a mistake
in transcribing it. The report was, "under
laws equally applicable to all the inhabitants
of said State." As it reads now it does not
amount to~anything at all.
Mr. POMEROY. It means that now.
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir; the report of the
committee was not in these words. There was
a mistake in transcribing it.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that we proceed
with the bill regularly under consideration,
and the report of the committee of conference
can be made at any time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask leave to withdraw
the report that the error may be corrected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That may
be done, no objection being made.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
1010) relating to pensions, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills ; and they were thereupon signed
by the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 188) to amend an act entitled
"An act for the relief of the inhabitants of cities
and towns upon the public lands," approved
March 2, 1867;
A bill (S. No. 190) to further provide for
giving effect to the various grants of public
lands to the State of Nevada;
A bill (S. No. 320) for the relief of George
Lynch, a soldier of the war of 1812 ;
A bill (H. R. No. 658) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1869, and for other purposes ;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 1117) to partially supply
deficiencies in the appropriation for the service
of the fiscal year ending on the 30th of June,
1868.
representation of southern STATES. V
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(H. R. No. 1058) to admit the States of North
Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia,
and Alabama to representation in Congress is
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, the question being on the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son] to the amendment of the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, there were
some things in connection with the {lending
amendment which I thought during the dis-
cussion yesterday I should like to have said,
and, perhaps, would like to say now, though I
am so much the more anxious for the passage
of the bill proposing to admit those States that
I would readily forego at any time anything
that I might have to say if we could come to
a vote upon it. Yet, if the debate is to go on
to the consumption of this day or still farther,
I will trespass upon the Senate for a few min-
utes.
I regret, Mr. President, very deeply, to wit-
ness the opposition that proceeds particularly
from this side of the Chamber to the amend-
ment offered by the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, because 1 cannot see for the
life of me a good reason for objecting to the
admission of Alabama at this time. Of course
we all differ or are apt to differ, indeed too apt
to differ, I think, in this Chamber, and partic-
ularly on our side of it. I will say, upon propo-
sitions of policy and doctrine. I regret that
Senators here representing the great national,
patriotic party of the Union, which maintained
the war and fought it, who stand now before
the country and the world under all the respons-
ibility that can attach to a party engaged in
conductinga Government, so often differ upon
questions of doctrine and policy. The oppo-
sition to this amendment in the Chamber comes
from two classes. One class is ably, actively,
astutely represented by some of the Senators I
see sitting before me. I allude particularly to
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Buckalew] and the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Hendricks.] Upon all occasions when
it becomes the interest of the party they rep-
resent to advocate their policy, (which, how-
ever, they do not give much of their time to,
but attack ours,) they are ever in the fore-
ground j and their associates on the other side
of the Chamber permit their leadership, as I
think, with great good judgment, for they are
cool, cautious, and able. These leaders, with
all the other members of their party on the
opposite side of the Chamber, are against this
amendment.
They are against the bill; they are against
it in whole and in every part. They opposed
the first reconstruction bill; they opposed the
second ; they opposed the third ; and they will
oppose every proposition which proposes to
readmit the southern States upon the basis of
equal suffrage ; and yet honorable Senators on
this side of the Chamber allow them often to
dictate a policy to divide and distribute our
forces, while they never vote apart. It is of
no consequence, Mr. President, whether it be
a legislative or a judicial question that the hon-
orable Senators vote upon, a trial to determine
political policy contained in a bill before this
body or a trial of the President of the United
States, they vote conscientiously of course
certainly, but wonderfully vote together. The
solid phalanx is never broken. I like them,
sir ; 1 like wisdom, boldness, perceptive sense,
and they exhibit all here; but sometimes I
have been astonished that some of our friends
did not perceive it and did not know that they
were the serpent in the garden—they will par-
don me for the comparison—who mean to
please while they mean to destroy, while we
conscientious folks and legal men are able to
split a nair without breaking either side: and
sometimes I have been tempted to think that
the ability to do it, existing here so extensively
and so certainly, often induces the practice of
the attempt just to see how it can be done and
who can do it.
So, sir, Alabama cannot be admitted with
the other southern States in the same bill, but
we are told it must be presented as a separate
proposition in a separate bill. Mr. President,
1 ask you the question, what Senator is there
on this side of the Chamber who will refuse to
vote for the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts admitting Alabama at the same
time with the other States, who will consent to
vole for it il'it stands alone? Suppose, as we
have been told—and this prophecy has been
made a great many times—that the President
shall veto the bill now before us and send it
back here ; suppose that the amendment now
pending be lost and that a separate bill for the
admission of Alabama shall also be passed by
a majority or more and sent to him for his
signature, will he not return them both with a
veto ? Will he treat one any better than the
other ? And when the bill for the admission
of Alabama standing alone shall be returned
by him to this body, what Senator who would
not waive all question and vote for it incor-
porated with a bill admitting the other States,
will then vote for it over his veto ?
Mr. President, can it be possible; is it true
at this period and time that there is any Sena-
tor on what I claim to be the loyal side of the
Senate—and loyalty has a meaning though it
is so much used—who will refuse to sustain a
bill for the admission of Alabama under the
constitution made in that State, because it is
either in or out of a bill, proposing to admit
the other States? If it be so, then it only
proves that as aparty, a majority party charged
with conducting this Government at this great
crisis, it is a failure; and, sir, that being the
case, it deserves to be routed, horse, foot, and
dragoons, by that party for which I have no
political respect, led by those astute leaders on
the other s'de of the Chamber.
When my friend from New Jersey [Mr. iftE-
lixghuxsex] was on the floor he told us that
there were Senators here who would not and
could not vote for this bill if it came back
with a veto from the President, the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts hav-
