1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1877
$1,000,000 in bills, or in other checks on the
deposit in the clearing-house of the debtor
banks. In other words, every dollar in the
course of the day does the work of twenty-five
dollars, by settling exchanges to that amount.
The exchanges at the New York clearing-
house in the last week of January amounted
to $637,449,023, while the balances paid over
to settle that enormous business were but
$22,716,388, about one dollar to twenty-eight.
Of course, comparatively little of actual cur-
rency is needed there. It is in the rural dis-
tricts, in the thinly-settled new States and
Territories, and iu the South, which is so
bare of money that property is almost without
value—that currency is most necessary.
This brings me to the fact that in the appor-
tionment of the currency, under the existing
Jaws, New York and the New England States^
where population is most compact, where cities
and large towns are most numerous, where
credit is best established, and where currency
is needed least, have a share of it much larger
in proportion to their population than the new
and thinly-settled States that need it most.
By the recent report of the Comptroller of the
Currency it appears that in October last the
national banks had circulating notes to the
amount of $297,000,000; of these $173,000,000
belonged to the banks of New England and
New York, which contain about one fifth of
the population of the Union. The banks in
the remaining States—containing four fifths of
the population—had a circulation of but $134,-
000,000. Four fifths of the people in the new
and thinly-settled States and Territories have
less than four fifths as much currency as one
fifth of the people in the old and thickly-set-
tied States. It is the new States in which the
population is growing most rapidly, and in
which, therefore, there is a necessity for an
increasing currency. The disproportion is
shown even more strongly when we see that
the city of New York has bank capital to
the amount of $75,000,000, and circulation
$35,000,000; Boston$42,000,000capital, $24,-
000.000 circulation; Philadelphia $16,000,000
capital, $11,000,000 circulation.
There is no mode in which we can deprive
the favored section of its undue share of cur-
rency; and the only remedy that can be ap-
plied is to remove the present restrictions and
allow the people to supply themselves with
banks and currency as they want them and
where they want them. If there should be any
excess at first it will soon cure itself by the new
local circulation displacing and driving back
for redemption the bills of the eastern banks.
Everybody naturally prefers the note of a bank
in his neighborhood which he knows something
about, and whose counter is accessible, to one
issued in a distant city, which he may suppose
to be equally good. In the one case he can
soon find out whether it is good or not; in the
other it takes time and trouble.
Other members representing the districts
which suffer most from the want of currency
have spoken, or will speak, to this point, and
I therefore will not enlarge upon it further
than to say that the southern States, which now
have no Representatives here, are in the ex-
tremest want of currency to move the little
property which remains to them, and as soon
as regular government is restored must be
supplied if we would give them a chance to
emerge from utter poverty.
The second section of my bill proposes to
repeal the thirty-first section of the existing
law. As it stands now every banking associa-
tion in seventeen of the cities of the Union,
St. Louis, Louisville, Chicago, Detroit, Mil-
waukee, New Orleans, Cincinnati, Cleveland,
Pittsburg, Baltimore, Philadelphia, Boston,
New York, Albany, Leavenworth, San Fran-
cisco, and Washington, are required at all
times to have on hand an amount equal to at
least twenty-five per cent, in lawful money of
the United States—that is, in coin or in legal-
tender notcs—of the aggregate amount of its
notes in circulation and of its deposits. Every
other association out of the seventeen cities
is required to have on hand fifteen per cent,
of its circulation and deposits in coin or legal-
tender notes. Nine per cent., however, of
the fifteen may consist in balances due from
some redeeming banks approved by the Comp-
troller of the Currency in the seventeen cities.
Now, what is all this for 1 It ought not to be
necessary for the security of the billholders.
They have security in the deposit with the
Comptroller of ten dollars in bonds of the
United States for every nine dollars of circu-
lating notes issued to the association.
Moreover, the law requires the Comptroller
of the Currency to redeem the notes upon the
failure of the bank to do so, whether the stocks
held as security will bring enough for that pur-
pose or not; and it gives to the United States
a first and paramount lien upon all the assets
of the association to reimburse atiy deficiency
in the proceeds of the bonds to pay the notes.
To argue that this is not adequate to the secur-
ity of the billholder and of the Government is
to depreciate the credit of the latter, and "it
is an ill bird that fouls its own nest." The
ultimate security of both Government and bill-
holder consists in allowing the banks to do a
reasonably profitable business. This cannot
be promoted by compelling them to lock up a
reserve of fifteen per cent., producing no inter-
est. If the ten per cent, excess of bonds is
not sufficient security for the billholder and
the Government make it more. The bank will
then have the advantage of getting interest on
its funds and be so far strengthened in its ability
to pay.
Butitmay be said that this reserve is required
for the security of depositors. I answer that
it is no part of our duty to look out for them;
they can look out for themselves. They live
in the neighborhood of the bank. They have
the means of investigating the character of its
business and resources, the honesty and sol-
vency of its managers and stockholders, who,
be it remembered, are personally liable to an
amount equal to the par value of their shares
in addition to the amount invested in such
shares, (section twelve.) They can make such
bargain as they choose for security if they are
unwilling to trust their funds to the safe keeping
of the bank without special security. It is our
business, as we have undertaken to furnish a
uniform currency, which circulates at remote
distances from the banks as well as in their
immediate vicinity, to see that the billholder
is safe, and there our duty ends. It is a part
of the'policyof the system that every billholder
should be interested in maintaining the credit
of the Government and its bonds; and every
device which tempts him to be indifferent to
that undermines the buttresses of our financial
prosperity and the Union itself; it smooths the
way for repudiation and ruin. Itis well to have
those who deal directly with the banks inter-
ested in keeping a watch upon its solvency for
their own protection. This second amend-
ment, like the first, is a return to the principles
of the New York free banking law, which thirty
years' experience has shown to be the most
perfect system ever devised.
My third amendment proposes to extend to
all the banks the same obligation which now
rests on those in the seventeen cities to re-
deem their notes at par in the eity of New
York. If banks at Chicago, Leavenworth,
New Orleans, and San Francisco can and
must redeem at New York, there is no reason
why others should not do so. Unless this be
required, it gives a value and credit to the
notes of the banks in the seventeen cities
which the others do not enjoy. It is impos-
sible that the currency should be uniform unless
this obligation is also uniform. The operation
of this amendment will be to render the notes
of each bank available to every other at the
place where it is bound to redeem its own,
and to prevent the delay of realizing upon them
by a circuitous redemption in fhat one of the
other cities where they are now redeemable. .
New York is the great clearing house of the <
Union, the point where the greatest maSS of'
our exports and our imports center, their ex-
change adjusted, and their values compared.
Mr. George S. Coe, a banker of New York,
in a recently published letter to one of my col-
leagues, [Mr. Pruyst,] very truly says;
"All true onrrency is in the nature of bills of ex-
change. These ar® legitimate only when drawn
against products of industry, which they represent
and convoy through the channels of commerce and
trade, and ofwhiehthey are the title deeds. Assuch
they can never be in excess of the public want; be-
cause their amount islho measure of the property of
the nation passing into trade and commerce. The
more there is of euoh currency the greater is the cvi-
denceof prosperity." * * * * "The true
office of a bank or banker in respect to currency,
whether in foreign commerce or domcstictrade, con-
sists in receiving such bills or notes as represent pro-
ducts of industry moving toward the places of con-
sumption, issuing in exenage for them his own bills
in sums as required forpubliceonvenience, butequal
in aggregate amount, so that the proceeds of the one
may redeem the other. He is simply a subdivider or
retailer of quantitiesfor the more minute distribution
of tile fruits of labor and service."
The process is a very familiar one in the city
where I reside. A miller fills a canal boat
with flour, say one thousand barrels; takes his
bill of lading ; goes to a bank with it; draws
his draft on his agent at New York for the
value of the flour, payable when the flour may
be expected to be sold. The bank discounts
his draft and gives him its own notes, with
which he buys the wheat to make another boat
load of flour. The bank sends forward the draft
to New York with the bill of lading attached,
and when the flour issdld it furnishes the funds
to redeem the bank notes. In substance and
effect the bank notes are redeemed in and by
the flour. Such is, or ought to be, the course
of trade every where, and the bank notes ought
to be redeemed where the property goes to.
New York is the easiest place, as it is there
where the most property goes and is settled
for. Tlie cotton that goes out to Europe from
New Orleans and Mobile is paid for in foreign
bills of exchange, but these are sold in New
York ; for, being the great place of importation,
it is there that foreign bills arein demand. Ifit
should be said that, as to some banks, which are
off the tracks on which products run to New
York, the obligation to redeem them will involve
an expense, I have to answer, first, that the ex-
pense can never exceed the costof transporting
specie, and that is exceedingly small; and sec-
ond, that if it were much larger than it is, the
banks will be greatly more than compensated in
getting rid of the obligation to keep the largo and
unproductive reserve now required. The pub-
lic will, at the same time, get much belter
security than the reserve in the prompt re-
demption, at a common center, which the
interests of all solvent banks will enforce.
The fourth section of this bill provides for
reducing the amount of legal-lender notes out-
standing to $100,000,000. For this purpose it
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to
borrow the requisite amount of money upon a
new loan. I have left in bank for the present
the rate of interest to be paid, and the period
after which the bonds shall be redeemable at
the pleasure of the Government. It is carefully
provided, for the purpose of putting these
bonds on the best fooling for sale either at
home or abroad, by removing all doubt as to
the funds in which they are payable, that both
interest and principal shall be met in gold coin
of the same weight, fineness, and alloy now
established by law. I think it will be found
that this is the first time that the public cred-
itor has had a distinct pledge that he shall
receive a fixed quantity of pure metal, and been
guarantied against any debasement, either by
reduction in the weight of the nominal dollar,
or by change in the quantity or quality of alloy.
Those who take these bonds will know precisely
what they are bargaining for. They will take
the risk—I might more properly say the cer-
tainty—that an ounce of gold thirty years
lience will be of considerably less value than
an ounce of gold to-day.
Its value has been falling ever since the great
discoveries in California, Australia, and else-
where, in 1849 and the following years. It
will continue to fall as on the extension of rail-
roads into 6ur western gold-fields and the
