1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
498
tares ofthe several States have overtheir territo-
ries respectively—no more. Under the Articles
of Confederation mobs had more than once
threatened Congress with violence, and the
sole reason for this provision was to give to
Congress exclusive power over the seat of
Government for the protection of the persons
there engaged in its administration. The de-
bates of the Convention upon this clause show
this to have been its only object, and there was
no intimation that it would confer any power
upon Congress outside of the District. But in
the case referred to Chief Justice Marshall
held that Congress had the power to pass a law
authorizing a lottery in the District of Colum-
bia and to force the sale of its tickets in every
State in defiance of their laws prohibiting it.
Similar congressional legislation upon many
other subjects could as well be sustained by
this clause, and it would become a multiform
and undefined power, permeating the whole
United States, when the Convention intended
to confer a legislative power only coextensive
with the ten miles square. This construction
of the court has nothing to sustain it but a great
name, and it is controverted by one, as to all
constitutional questions, of still greater author-
ity—James Madison. •
In a letter to Judge Roan, dated in 1821,
he says:
"Acandid review of the vicissitudes which have
marked the progress of the General Government
does not preclude doubts as to the ultimate and final
character of a political establishment, distinguished
by so novel and complex a mechanism. On some
occasions the advantage taken of favorable circum-
stances gave an impetus and direction which seemed
to threaten subversive encroachments on the rights
and authorities of the States. Ata certain period we
witnessed a spirit of usurpation by some of these on
the necessary and legitimate functions ofthe former.
At the present date theoretic innovations, at least,
are putting new weights into the scale of Federal
sovereignty which make it highly proper to h«ng
them to the bar of the Constitution."
"On the questions brought before the public bythe
late decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States, concerning the extent of their own powers,
and that ofthe exclusive jurisdiction of Congress
over the ten miles square, and other specified places,
there is yet no evidence that they express eitherthe
opinions of Congress or those ot their constituents."
« * * * "The exclusive jurisdiction over
the tenmiles square is itself an anomaly in our rep-
resentative system. And its object being manifest
and attested by the views taken of it at its date there
seems a peculiar impropriety in making it the ful-
crum for a lever stretching into the most distant
parts of the Union and overruling the municipal
policy of the States. The remark is still more strik-
ing when applied to the smaller places over which
an exclusive jurisdiction was suggested by a regard
to the defense and property of the nation."
In a later letter to Judge Roan from Mr.
Madison there is this passage:
"The papers of 'Algernon Sydney' have given
their full luster to the suability of States by individ-
uals, and against the projectile capacity of the power
of Congress within 'the ten miles square.'"
Mr. Madison addressed a letter to Mr. Jef 
ferson, dated in 1823, in which he said:
"I am not unaware that the judiciary career has
not corresponded with what was anticipated. At
one period the judges perverted the bench of justice
into a rostrum for partisan harangues. And latterly
the eourt by some of its decisions, still more by
extra-judicial reasonings and dicta, has manifested
a propensity to enlarge the general in derogation to
the local, and to amplify its own jurisdiction, which
has justly incurred the public censure. But the
abuse of a trust does not disprove its existence., And
if no remedy of the abuse be practicable under the
forms of the Constitution, I should prefer a resort to
the nation for an amendment of the tribunal itself
to continual appeals from its controverted decisions
to that ultimate arbiter."
Mr. Madison has been called the father of
the Constitution. He was certainly the chief
artificer in its construction apd had a better
understanding of the division and allotment of
political sovereignty which it made between
the Government of the United States and the
States, and of the complex and nicely ad-
justed parts of the whole machine, than any
other of our statesmen. He was a citizen of
the United States of the purest and most com-
prehensive patriotism, devoted in mind and
heart to the Union, to our system of govern-
ment and its principles ; to the preservation
and exercise by the Government of the Uni-
ted States of all the powers delegated by the
Constitution to it, and the full enjoyment by
the States of the sovereignty, powers, rights,
and liberties which they had reserved to them-
selves. Up to near the close of his life no
American statesman observed more closely or
with deeper solicitude, the workings of our
complicated system. If this great and pure
man was brought by the misgovernment and
usurpations of his day to distrust its contin-
uance and to condemn so strongly the Supreme
Court, were he now living what would be his
utterances in relation to the degeneracy both
of Congress and of some members of a tribu-
nal which was designated by its wisdom and
virtue, no less than by its great powers, to hold
all the departments and officers of the Govern-
ment of the United States and the States to a
constitutional exercise of their powers? What
would be his animadversions upon the opinion
of a judge of the Supreme Court, performing
circuit court duties on what is termed " the
civil rights bill," lately pronounced in Ken-
tucky? I propose now to review that opinion.
| John Rhodes and others were indicted ill
the United States circuit court for the district
of Kentucky, under the act of Congress entitled
"An act to protect all persons in the United
States in their civil rights, and to furnish the
' means for their vindication," for burglariously
entering the dwelling-house of Nancy Talbot,
a resident of Nelson county in said State, and
described to be "a citizen ofthe United States j
of the African race, liaviug been born in the j
United States and not subject to any foreign i
Power, and who was then and there and is now
denied the right to testify against the said i
defendants iu the courts of the State of Ken- .
i tucky." \
On the trial of this indictment the jury found !
a verdict against the defendants, upon which !
I the court entered judgment; and thereupon j
the defendants made a motion in arrest of the '
judgment upon sereral grounds, but relying
mainly upon the one questioning the constitu-
tionality of the act and controverting its valid- j
ity to sustain the indictment. The court over-
ruled the motion to arrest the judgment, and
pronounced a lengthy opinion, in which it
declared the act "in all its provisions to be
constitutional;" and this ruling of the court
in support of the constitutionality of the act
I controvert.
Mr. Justice Swayne, of the supreme bench,
wrote the opinion of the court in this case.
The minor question, whether the case was
within the act, he ruled affirmatively, but, I
believe, erroneously. I will, however, pass
that by and proceed to the examination of
the great question, the constitutionality of the
civil rights bill.
The opinion was revised by its learned au-
thor for the public prints, and therefore I
assume that thej«have given it correctly to the
public. The judge and all the supporters of
that act concede that the thirteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution, as it is called, is the
whole and only source of the power of Con-
gress to pass it. That amendment is in these
|] words:
II "Sec. 1. Neither slavery nor involuntary scrvi-
!' tude, except as a punishment for crime, of which the
!; party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist
i within the United States or any place subject to
I their jurisdiction.
II " Sec. 2, Congress shall have power to enforce
!j this article by appropriate legislation."
11 When this proposition to amend the Consti-
j tutiou was before Congress it was resisted
i! strenuously upon the ground that the major-
jj ity of the two Houses had wrongfully excluded
; the Senators and Representatives of eleven
States, and with Congress thus constituted it
I could not propose an amendment of the Con-
; stitution ; and after the two Houses had voted
I most vehemently contended that the Constitu-
upon it, both in them and the country it was
tion required a majority of two thirds of the
whole number of each House to propose
"amendments to it, and because that proposi-
tion had not received such a vote it was not
a part of the Constitution, and had no validity
whatever.
Every man of intelligence would conclude
that a judge of the Supreme Court shoold be
an able constitutional lawyer, and that when
he was brought the first to the judicial con-
sideration of a denominated amendment of the
Constitution which he was sworn to snpport,
and which amendment had been so often and
earnestly impugned, as well when it was being
acted upon by Congress as since its ratification
by the States, that lie would carefully examine
the grounds upon which it had been questioned;
and if valid he would from the highest sense
of duty reject the meretricious amendment.
But the judge designed not to enter upon this
task, to which he should have been stimulated
as well by a desire for high and pure judicial
fame as by the impulses of the truest and
noblest patriotism. Let us attempt to do the
work from which he turned aside. To amend
the Constitution is slower, more difficult, and
requires a higher sanction, than the making of
it did. The initiatory step is that amendments
shall be proposed by two thirds of both Houses
of Congress, or by a convention of the States
called by two thirds of both Houses of Con-
gress, upon the application of the Legislatures
of two thirds of the several States; and when
propositions of amendment are made iu either
mode they are to be submitted for ratification
to the Legislatures or conventions of the sev-
[ eral States, as Congress may propose ; and the
propositions of amendment have no efFect what-
ever until they are ratified by three fourths of
the several States. The true and natural mean-
ing of the words "two thirds of both Houses
of Congress" is two thirds of the whole num-
ber of each House. The two Houses are au-
thorized by the Constitution to get together in
relation to but a single matter, the counting
the votes of the electors for. President, and
then they do no business, but simply witness
the opening of the certificates and the count-
ing the votes. As Congress has no power to
form a convention of the two Houses for any
purpose, aud they can take no joint action upon
any subject whatever, but must always ac t as
separate and distinct Houses, the language, two
thirds of both Houses, in the clause under
consideration, means two thirds of each House.
Tlio truth of this position no one will contro-
vert ; and the other branch of the proposition,
that two thirds of both Houses mean two thirds
of the whole number of each House, I hold to
be no less true, though it has recently been so
much and so strongly controverted.
The Constitution establishes a rule by which
the House of Representatives shall always
consist of a definite and certain number of
members, and the precise number to be fixed,
declared, and apportioned among the several
States every ten years; and it provides further—
"The Senato of the United States shall becomposed
of two Senators froth each State."
When the proposition of the thirteenth
amendment passed the two Houses there were
thirty-five States, including West Virginia, and
Congress by law had fixed the aggregate num-
ber of Representatives for that decade to be
two hundred and twenty-eight, and had assigned
by definite number to each State its apportion-
ment of that aggregate. If any intelligent and
informed person had then been asked, " What
is the number of both Houses of Congress?"
the prompt and truthful reply would have been
seventy Senators and two hundred and twenty-
eight Representatives; and if further asked
how many of both Houses are two thirds, ^his
equally true reply would have been,^ " J wo
thirds of seventy Senators and two thirds of
two hundred and twenty-eight Representa-
tives." He would have had no other idea in
relation to the whole number, and o* two thirds
ofthe number ofthe two Houses of Congress,
even though several of the seats in both had
then been vacant and that fact known to him.
Similar questions as to the number of the two
Honses of the British Parliament or of ihe
Legislative Assembly of Prance would have re-
ceived similar answers. When the Constitu-
tion authorizes the two Houses of Congress to
perform'the most important of all their func-
tions, to propose amendments to the Constitu-
