494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
tion, and for safety required the concurrence
of " two thirds of both Houses," it meant two
thirds of the whole number of both Houses: :
and that is the natural and true meaning of the
language used.
In four other places, and in relation to dif-
ferent subjects, the Constitution introduces the
phrase''two thirds," and applies it three times
to the Senate and once to both Houses in de-
claring what number of their members shall
concur to do named things. Thus:
"The Senate shall have tho sole power to try all
impeachments;" * * * * "and no per-
son shall be convicted without the concurrence of
two thirds oftlic members present."
* **********
" lie [the President] shall have power, by and with
the advice aud consent of the Senate, to make trea-
ties, provided two thirds of the Senators present
concur."
" I'he persons bavins the greatest number of votes
as Vice President shall be the Vice President, if such
number be a m;ijoriiy of the whole number of elect-
ors appointed; and if no person have a majority,
then from the two highest numbers on the list the
Senate shall choose tiie Vice President. A quorum
for the purpose f-hall consist of two thirds of the
• whole number of Senators, and ft majority of the
whole number sii.ill be necessary to a choice."
"Every bill which shall have passed the House of
Representatives and the Senate shall, before it be-
come a law, bo presented to the President of the
United States; if bo approve he shall sign it, but if
not he shall return it, with his objections, to tho
House in which it shall have originated, who shall
enter the objections «t large on their Journal and .
proceed to reconsider it. If after such reconsidera-
tion two thirds of that (louse shall agree to pass the
bill it shall he sen!, together with the objections, to
the other House, by which it shall likewise be recon-
sidered, and if approved Jjy two thirds of that House
it shall become a law."
The Constitution had previously declared—
"a majority of each House shall constitute a quo-
rum to do business."
I have quoted, with the context, from the Con-
stitution wherever it requires two thirds of both
or either House. Two thirds of the Senate,
when it is acting as a court of impeachment,
or as an advisory council of the President in
making treaties are required ; but it is qualified
and explained in both cases to be two thirds
of the Senators present. As to the meaning
of the Constitution in these two matters, when
it is considered in connection with its before-
declared principle that a majority of its mem-
bers were required to constitute a quorum to
do any business, there cannot be reasonable
doubt.
When the electors shall have failed to elect
a Vice President it becomes the duty of the
Senate to choose that officer from the two
highest on the electoral list; but two thirds
of the whole number of the Senate are required
to form a quorum to proceed in this election,
and a majority of the whole number is neces-
sary to a choice. There is a difference between
this and the two former provisions: by them,
if there be present a quorufli to do business,
two thirds are sufficient to ratify a treaty or
to pass judgment of impeachment against an
officer; and in a Senate consisting of seventy
members thirty-six would be a majority and
would form a quorum to do business, of which
twenty four would be two thirds. That num-
ber of Senators could, bat would be the small-
est number in a Senate of seventy members
that could ratify a treaty or pronounce a judg-
ment of impeachment. But the Senate to elect
a Vice President must consist of a quorum of
two thirds of its whole number, which in a Sen-
ate of seventy members is forty-seven ; and that
being the smallest number of Senators that
could proceed to vote for a Vice President, it
would take thirty-six of them, a majority of
the whole number of Senators, to make an
election.
The President's veto of a bill passed by the
two Houses of Congress can be overruled,
by its being first passed in the Housq in which
it originated by two thirds, not of the mem-
bers present, not of a quorum, but of that
House; and then by two thirds of the other
House. When the Constitution requires auy
proposition to be voted by a two-thirds vote
of either House, but intends not a two-thirds
vote of the whole number of the House, but a
two-thirds vote of a less number, it expresses
such intention in proper and plain language.
There being no such intention manifested in
relation to the " two thirds of both Houses " r
required to propose amendments to the Con- •
stitution, and that language not being restricted
or modified by any other language, and the
natural import and meaning of it being two
thirds of the whole number of each House,
that must be its true construction. It cannot ,
be that the framers of the Constitution did
not intend a larger vote and higher sanction
by the two Houses of Congress in the grave
work of amending the Constitution than they f
did in electing a Vice President by the Senate. !j
The resolution proposing the thirteenth
amendment received in the Senate but thirty-
eight votes, when forty-seven were but two
thirds of the whole Senate, consisting as it did
then of seventy members ; and the whole num-
ber of the House being 2:28, this proposition
should have got 15:2 votes to be two thirds,
when there were but 119 in favor of it. The
thirteenth amendment was not proposed by
two thirds of both Houses of Congress, and
therefore is not a part of the Constitution.
It may be said that it was ratified by the
Legislatures of three fourths of the States, and
that fiual sanction according to the require-
ments of the Constitution gives it validity. To
this the truthful and sufficient answer might
be made, that eleven States were procured by
fraud, force, aud duress to make their ratifica-
tion, and therefore such ratilication is void
and of no effect. :
But waiving that true and propeT ground to
impugn and avoid the ratification of this
amendment by the States, I will remark fur-
ther, upon the other ground, the failure of the
two Houses of Congress to pass it by two ;
thirds of their respective members.
The mode of proceeding to amend the Con-
stitution must be truly and faithfully coulormed
to in all its parts. If three fourths or all the
States were to attempt to amend it by their
Legislatures or conventions without the neces-
sary preliminary steps, such action might be
generally accepted and thus become peaceful
revolution; but it would not effect a legitimate
amendment of the Constitution, aud the courts
and all proper authorities would be bound to
decide it to be null and of no obligation. A
proposition to amend the Constitution passed
by less than a majority of both Houses of Con-
gress, or by a bare majority, or by auy less
number than two thirds of the wbole num-
ber of both Houses, would be without the sanc-
tion of the Constitution, and no action of the
States upon it could make it a part of that
fundamental law, and upon this principle:
the Constitution itself having particularly de-
clared the authorities and the mode and pro-
ceedings by which it is to*be amended, all
others are proscribed, and a resort to auy other
would be simply revolution.
But the other objection to the validity of
this thirteenth amendment is more funda-
mental, more vital than the oue 1 have been
urging. It was proposed, not by the Congress
of the United States, but by a revolutionary
assembly. The dominant majority in the two
Houses have mutilated both by excluding and
keeping out the Representatives and Senators
from eleven States, purposely to prevent them
from taking any part in legislation or propos-
ing amendments to the Constitution. These
usurping majorities continued a formal organ-
ization of the two Houses, and claimed that
their remaining members constituted the Con-
gress, and that two thirds of this mutilated
Congress could overrule the President's veto
of bills passed by it, and propose amendments
of the Constitution. These were the objects
for which this revolutionary movement in Con-
gress were made. It was not attempted until
the rebellion was put down by the Army, and
when the faction that made it had thus go^
undisputed possession of the two Houses they
then claimed to be the conquerors of the
southern States and to have within them all
the rights of conquest. Their more frank and
bold leaders proclaimed that they were acting
outside of the Constitution; and this all of
them knew full well, and just as well that they
had no authority for it outside or inside of the
Constitution; that they were simply usurpers.
Congress, by the Constitution, had the power
to put down the rebellion by force of arms,
and when that was effected its power was ex-
hausted, and the further punishment of the
rebels devolved, under the Constitution and
laws, upon the courts and juries.
Judge Swayne in this opinion indulges him-
self in a good deal of rhetoric, and here is an
instance:
" What the several States under the original Con-
stitution only could have done the nation has dona
by the thirteenth amendment."
What does he mean by the phrase the
" nation?" Is it tfie mass of the people of the
United States with an inherent right in the
majority to act for them? This amendment
was not made or ratified by the nation. The
Constitution was made by the people of the
United States acting by States: and it pro-
vides for its own amendment that two thirds
of both Houses of Congress may propose
amendments to it which, to be valid, must be
ratified by three fourths of the several States.
Every State has the right to be represented in
the two Houses of Congress when an amendment
is proposed. She may of her own willfulness
refuse to send her Senators and Representa-
tives to Congress; and if, in such a state of
case, a proposition of amendment was made,
she would nave no ground of complaint; but
if she were excluded from representation in
Congress by the other States, or by the two
Houses, such proposition, by whatever major-
ity passed, would be void and of no effect.
The proposition, too, must be made to all the
States generally, or by naming each one; and
a proposition to all the States by general lan-
guage, oi* to each State by its name, exclud-
ing Dy definite language the States that were
involved in the rebellion, would be unconsti-
tutional and invalid. The requirement of the
Constitution is that a proposed amendment
shall be made to the several States, which is
equivalent to each State; and wheiher all act
upon it or not all must be in position and be
perfectly free to act. Such is the inflexible
form of the Constitution; and it is the right of
every State to claim this participation for her-
self, and also that all others shall have it for
the safety of the whole.
These principles prove that in times of civil
war and convulsion, when any of the Slates
are disrupted from their proper position in the
Union, the Constitution cannot be amended;
but before that can be done, if there be an
insurrection in those States, it must be sup-
pressed and they be put in proper relations with
•the Government of the United States, and as
free to act on the proposed amendment as the
other States. The men who formed the Con-
stitution never intended that two-thirds of the
States should exclude the other third from all
part in the work, and then change and mar that
fundamental law according to their will, pas-
sions, and interests.
But when Congress acted upon the thirteenth
amendment the eleven excluded States were
in position to have taken part in that work.
The rebellion of their people had been sup-
pressed, crushed, not by the dominating fac-
tion in Congress or out of Congress, but by the
citizen soldiers of the United States whose
brave hearts were true to the Union, the Con-
stitution, and the enforcement of the law. The
rebels had fought with a heroism worthy of any
cause, and they had submitted with a good
faith more noble than tkeir courage. Every
hostile arm had been grounded ; the southern
heart accepted the utter and final overt how of
their cause ; all felt and knew that their only
safety and hope was in their full and perfect
submission to the Constitution, laws, and
authorities of the United States and their re-
turn to the Union and protection under its
aegis. They accepted all the conditions im-
posed upon them, repudiated their rebel debt,
manumitted their slaves by a change of their
