1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2908
abides with them and stays with them like the
shirt of Nessus; there is ho reorganization or
reconstruction for them. The man who fails
liis comrades, the man through whom a cause
is lost, has no friends, and for the best reason
in the world, he is not worthy of them; and
there is a common instinct that all mankind
have, without the trouble of reasoning, which
teaches them that very wholesome fact. If
an election occurs in California, though the
result was brought about by the shameless acts
of faction in our own party, by means of which
the men whom he has joined have made a
temporary success, he heralds it here again
and again and claims that those bad principles
and those heinous policies that he now stands
the advocate of have been indorsed. If the
^proposition has been submitted in any one or
"more of the northern States to give the ballot
to the colored man, and through the monstrous
and wicked prejudice which the existence of
that brutal institution of slavery has sown,
grown and built up among us, the proposition
be rcjcctcd, the honorable Senator comes here
and speaks loud and claims that it is a victory
for himand his party! Well,sir, when a man
or a party boasts of a victory like that, won
with the seeds of injustice deeply in it, he or
it has only to wait a little while to be destroyed.
As sure as right is better than wrong as an
abstract principle, so sure will any man or
party binding up within its policies, error, and
wickedness, fall thereby.
But the honorable Senator finds nothing in
the Christian religion to engage him as an
active missionary on the side of right, but he
has gone out and counted his forces, and he
calculated with his friend, the President, that
the Democrats of the North, the rebels of the
Souih, arid the class that I denominated as the
plunder-seeking Republicans wherever they
are found, would make an overshadowing and
overpowering party, and he joined it at once.
Of course, he cannot immediately retreat; he
has committed himself; but he does not tell
vis of how unfortunate he has been individually
in his advocacy of these monstrosities. His
State, not like mine by a local and party feud,
but upon a fair election, spewed him out of its
mouth. Jts people have not said, "Well
done, good and faithful servant," but they
have said, "do hence j" and I heard—I sup-
pose it is not true—that the honorable Senator
was going to Florida. He ought to remember
that that is not the latitude for the Caucasian
race. I rather think if he were there, par-
ticularly if the ballot should be maintained in
the hand of the negro, he would overcome his
scruples and go back to his old doctrine read
by the honorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire to-day and say, "1 was mistaken for a
while; the savage of Africa built up and intel-
lectually strengthened and born again in
America is capable of establishing here in the
tropics a republic that will rival the great
Republic of the North;'' and I suppose he
would add, "and of the temperate zone," for
I believe he always puts that in. I like to be
accurate.
But not a word falls from his lips of how
his partners have gone from him. When, in
1865 he met his party associates in a confer-
ence in a room not far from here, I remember
well, before a word was spoken about the
desertion of Mr. Johnson from his party, that
Senator's speeches, and I remember well the
speeches made by his associate for awhile
who was a Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Cowan,] and I remember well the cooperation
of the gentle and amiable Senator from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Dixox.] There were a few more,
but this trio were the leaders. They were
evidently the marked and choscn leaders,
chosen blindly and foolishly by the Presi-
dent. I remember the speeches they made in
that conference, and how certain it was then
that they were deserters, that they intended
treason to our party and to our cause. What
has been the history of ever}' man who went
with the honorable Senator on that occasion ?
He might well put that hand-organ down on
some occasion, and go to one of the poets,
and read thus y
" When I remember all
The friends, so link'd together,
I ve seen around me fall,
Like leaves in wintry weather;
I feel like one,
Who treads alone
Some banquet hall deserted,
Whose lights are lied,
Whose garlands dead,
And all but he departed."
I shall not speak, sir, of the dead; they
have passed away ; but where is the Senator
from Pennsylvania, and where will be the Sen-
ator from Connecticut, and where will be the
man who made music for them all? And
where will he be, sadder yet, in the estimation
of his countrymen? Where will he be fifty
years hence ? Where will he be when a cen-
tury shall have come which shall render prac-
tical on earth some of the teachings of the
Christian doctrine and make all forget their
individual power, their superiority where they
have it, and in place of trying to put their feet
upon the neck of their fellows, who are already
too low down, they shall be engaged in lifting
up—nay, sir, shall have lifted up the lowly—
where then will his record be? If he shall
make answer to me he will do it with party
twaddle, he will do it with that same old instru-
ment, the crank of'which he has turned here
so often, and which has been made to play a
certain number and order of tunes, and which
the merest fool in creation can play as well,
if ho be able to turn the crank, as any of the
great artists that have been known in that
delightful profession.
The honorable Senator says we violated the
pledges of pardon that the President gave.
The President gave pardons, it is true, but who
pardoned him? Is there any party in this
land that are entitled to respect that have par-
doned him for the great crime of deserting us,
that have pardoned him for the falsehood
spoken when he said to those poor, deluded
men in Nashville, "1 will be your Moses,"
meaning to be understood that he would be
their leader and their light and their strength ;
and when in detestable contrast with those
sentiments only a short time after, with our
good President dead and he in power, in one
of the rooms of the Treasury building he had
the audacity and the sliamelessness, address-
ing a number of colored men who called upon
him, to tell them that they should be protected
in their right to labor—they should be protected
in their right to work. Yes, sir; their former
masters were to be allowed to make contracts
with them and to refuse to pay them for their
labor, and the colored man to whom he gave
the former promise was to be protected in his
right to labor without the pay 1 There is such
a thing sometimes as justice on earth, and
sometimes men escape it. Without wishing
to be harsh to the President, to whom I feel no
personal ill-will, I think, if he were secured a
while in the same right to labor, that it would
be according to a high philosophy, the doctrine
of compensation, eminentlyjust and deserved.
The military governor of Tennessee, at Nash-
ville, holding a temporary place, said, " I will
be your leader;" the President of the United
States, representing all the power of the Re-
public, said "You shall be protected in the
right to work," and at that time my Christian
friend from Wisconsin was engaged in helping
the President to maintain the latter promise!
He brings in a petition here, signed by a
thousand of the white men of Alabama, repre-
senting, as he says, "the intellect and moral
power'' of that country. I do not know about
the intellect; but if they represent the moral
power, then there is a certain dignitary, who
is said' to have his chief abode in the infernal
regions, who is the custodian and chief of all
that power, and there is no God! Moral power,
sir ! WThat a shocking misuse of terms! Men,
who, that the right might be secured to buy
and sell human flesh, bodies and souls eter-
nally, made war against the only Government
that offered security to the liberties of man-
kind ; men who, in making that war, violated
all the usages of honorable warfare, butchered
those whom they had in their power disarmed
and overpowered, and made toys of their
bones!
Right here, Mr. President, let me tell very
briefly an incident of an excursion party.
Long after the battle of Bull Run, and after
the bones of our poor fellows had whitened on
the surface of the soil, an excursion party on
horseback came out from Richmond. Let it
be spoken but in shame, that they were com-
posed mainly of what are called ladies; that
they wheeled their horses and went back with
trophies consisting of bones of human beings,
their country people, the children of the
same God, who had been slain by their fathers
and brothers; and one lady, to be more dis-
tinguished than the rest, carried a skull off
on her riding-whip as a garland and trophy.
The Senator speaks of the moral power such
people represent! I will not spend anytime
in undertaking to show, nor is it necessary to
say, that every man of them who signed that
petition, in all human probability, has a history
either as bad as or worse than this man Perry,
from South Carolina; and yet they come here
to petition, to misstate facts, to denounce their
feliows, to ask us to reinstate them in power
that they may proceed to the full completion
of the work which they failed to do by other
moans.
Mr. President, let me say before I go further,
lest any man shall say or think that I would do
a cruel or ungenerous act toward one of these
persons, that there was no man in the nation
at the end of the war, and there is no man in
it now, who is so ready to receive them back
when they are prepared to come back as
American citizens, loving the flag, believing in
the system of government, ceasing to tyran-
nize over and destroy the men that i'ney the
other day enslaved, when they shall have come
to acknowledge that a man from Massachusetts
or New York may take his money and his
household gods and go into any State of the
Union and live in peace and security. But,
Mr. President, it is not so now; and this peti-
tion that the Senator has presented denounces
such of us as say that it is not so.
There was in this gallery awhile ago a brave
fellow who left my State and came here to take
the fortunes of war for his country just after
he had left college, and who undertook to set-
tle in the South. In his character he is as
gentle as a woman, in his moral and upright
bearing he is a pattern in society. His very
lineaments impress you with his nobility. He
engaged in business ; he has tried to live in the
South, but he could not do it. To use his own
words, gentle and truthful as he is, " no stand-
ard of character, no matter how elevated ; no
purity of life, no matter how simple and true,
is a passport there to any favor. 1 was warned
to leave again and again. I had determined
to sell my life dearly if forced to do so, and I
prepared means of defense in my household.
1 escaped a physical conflict, but finally had
to leave."
It is not constitutional, says the Senatorfrom
Wisconsin ; you are trampling the Constitution
under foot if you preserve that man in the
plainest rights of an American citizen! There
was a time, whether the Senator believed in it
or not, when he stood forth as the advocate of
the opposite doctrine ; but the time has come
when we have but the abandonment of that by
the Senator, and his constant and oft-repeated
harangues here.
When he rose yesterday the first utterance
he made was that he did not rise to engage in
this discussion as a party man. No sir, I sup-
pose not. He did not belong to our party ;
that is certain ; he has not been long enough
in the other to have obtained a status, and so
he is hanging between earth and heaven polit-
ically yet. I do not know where he will fall;
but I know that he will fall; I know that he is
falling; he is bereft of that element of moral
power which he says these getitioners represent
in the State of Alabama.
He'says the distinguished gentleman who
