1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1879
duties in gold if he can get paper that will pay
them. The earliest notes issued by the Gov-
ernment during the war, which were receiv-
able in payment of duties, actually commanded
a premium of from one half to one per cent,
in gold for this reason.
I think, therefore, these bills would never
be presented for redemption otherwise than in
payment of taxes and duties, and that as fast
as'they came in that way they would be sought
for in preference to gold, and be continually
reissued. My doubt is whether the sum is
large enough for the public convenience, for it
will he difficult to prevent their being hoarded
by banks in place of specie. To the amount,
whatever it may be, that public convenience
shall demand of the notes, they will operate
as a loan without interest. The Government
will have returned to specic payments, and
that involves practically the return of the banks
to specie payments.
"6 shall reach this consummation without
knowing it, for all that speeie payments means
is that the people have ceased to ask for specie,
as they always do when tliey have faith that it
can be had for the asking. It is the restora-
tion of confidence that we want, and it is the
reverse of contraction that will give it.
IMPEACHMENT OF THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, we are indeed
rapidly making eventful history; we hear it said
even in the streets that we are in the midst of
revolution. This Congress has swiftly gone
from one extreme to another in violations of
the Constitution, and this House having failed
before on grave charges, now proposes to im-
peach the President of the United States on a
mere pretext, as suddenly seized upon as it is
unwarrantable and preposterous.
The last hours of this arbitrary debate on so
important a proposition are closing upon us,
andwe have hardly time to collect ourthoughts,
much less to express them. May we not stay
this impetuous prosecution for a moment and
take an example from history? Impeachment
is the most solemn procedure that ever engaged
a deliberative assembly. Warren Hastings, a
mere subject of the crown and appointee as
Governor General of India, was impeached be-
fore the British House of Lords. His trial
itself lasted one hundred and forty-seveu days,
and the case, from its inception to its close,
occupied the Parliament, from time to time,
through a scries of seven long years. The mas-
ter minds of England—Burke and Pitt and
Pox and Sheridan and Windham and Earl
Grey—exhausted their powers on this great
case, and Edmund Burke, in one of the most
marked efforts of forensic eloquence the world
has known, alone occupied four days in its de-
livery. In his closing speech he said:
"My lords, I have done! The part of tho Com-
mons is eoneiuded. With a trembling hand we con-
sign tho product of these long, long labors to your
charge. Take it! Take it! It is a sacred trust!
Never before was a cause of such magnitude sub-
mitted to any human tribunal. A business which
has so long occupied the councils of Great Britain
cannot possibly be hurried over in the course of
vulgar, trite, and transitory events. Nothing but
some of those groat revolutions that break the tradi-
tion a,ry chain of human memory, and alter the very
face of nature itself, can possibly obscure it. My
lords, we are all elevated to a degree of importance
by it. Tho meanest of us will by means of it become
more or less the concern of posterity. It has pleased
Providence to place us in such a state that we appear
every moment to be on the verge of some great mu-
tation. There is one thing, and one thing only, that
defies mutation—that which existed before the world
itself. I mean justice; that justice which, emanating
from the Divinity, has a place in the breast of every
one of us, given us for our guide with regard to our-
selves and with regard to others, and which will
stand after this globe is burned to ashes our advo-
cate or our accuser before the great Judge, -when he
comes to call upon us for the tenor of a well-spent
lite."
This long extract is only pardonable because
of its fitness to the present occasion. I com-
mend these memorable words to this House.
What deliberation! what solemnity was there
invoked by the mighty spirit of a mighty age!
But what do we behold here, sir, and in this
case? The Chief Magistrate of one of the
greatest nations on earth, without crime or mis- !
demeanor or the shadow of either, but really
for the faithful discharge of his sworn duty to
the Constitution, and for vindicating his own
self-respect and official dignity, to be accused,
tried, convicted, and deposed, as is threatened
by his prosecutors, in the short space of ten
days. Compare the two cases. Is not this
indeed a commentary upon the wisdom, the
dignity, and the justice of an American Con-
gress? "0 temporal O mores I" The day
too, sir, on which this proceeding was begun,
the_ period in our history, the circumstauces
which surround us, all so inappropriate for
such business, only serve to illustrate the re-
lentless ardor and blind fanaticism which con-
trol the majority in this House. On that day,
the natal anniversary of the Father of his
Country, when the American people are accus-
tomed to assemble together and celebrate it in
glittering marches, delightful measures, and
joyous pastimes by day and in bonfires and
illuminations by night; when this Capitol itself
in its peerless beauty and grandeur should have
been ail object of fraternal visitation, and the
scene of mutual exchanges of proud and grate-
ful emotions, we were required to sit here day
and night listening to vain and empty declama-
tion, the reiteration of unfounded and gratui-
tous charges against one who I believe has
acted in the conscientious discharge of his duty
and in zeal, public justice, and patriotism is no
unfit successor of the immortal Washington.
Consider the period in our history. A great
war has just desolated our land; the people of
ten States are denied representation in both
Houses of Congress; their civil government
has been stricken down; every vestige of con-
stitutional liberty has been wrenched from
them, and they are placed in a great degree
under the domination of their former slaves.
Their structure of society, their civilization, in
a word, has been upturned and destroyed.
They are leveled to the dust, appealing to us
for liberal laws and the permission to obey
them; their manhood only preventing them
from appealing for the bread of life for which,
indeed, they are suffering.
Those rich States which contributed over
three hundred millions in staples alone to the
annual- wealth of the country are prostrate, im-
poverished, and despairing under military rule.
Their commerce is lost, their markets are de-
stroyed, and ruin stalks abroad through their
fields and cities. The people of the North are
compelled not only to bear their own heavy
burdens of taxation, but must also make up the
deficit of the non-producing South, and sustain,
besides the costly Government which rules it,
a despotism as dark and absolute as that which
overshadows Poland. See, too, the condition
of our people in the northern States themselves ;
their financial embarrassment, the stagnation
in trade and commerce, the tenantless work-
shops, the idle laborers in every vocation of
life; indeed, squalid poverty meeting us at
every step we take in the streets that lead from
the Capitol. They appeal to us day by day and
hour by hour in petitions and otherwise, and
almost cry out with uplifted hands for us to do
something to relieve the country from the dis-
tress and impending ruin which everywhere
seem apparent. And yet, in thisalarmiugcrisis
in our affairs, we are to turn a deaf ear to these
appeals, stop the wheels of legislation, and go
into the impeachment of the Executive without
law, cause, or decency. A trial, rather a stu-
pendous farce, involving much valuable time
and perhaps millions of the hard-earned treas-
ure of a tax-burdened and suffering people.
No adequate preparation for debate, the gag put
upon the minority, and the scene carried on
with a levity and a ribaldry better becoming
charlatans than the. legislators of a brave and
free people. And all for what, sir? in the name
of God and our country for what? Simply to
remove an obstacle to their desperate machina-
tions : to gratify hate and vengeanfe, and to
preserve power in the hands of a ruthless
majority.
1 call aloud upon the people to turn their
eyes to the Capitol to see what is being enacted
in this high place of the nation, to look to their
public servants, whether they are properly
exercising the great trusts committed to them,
or are guilty of base subterfuges and monstrous
abuses of power. Can, oh! can the Republic
much longer stand this strain upon its vital
energies ?
But what, sir, is the case before us? what
the offense committed by the President, or
what the charge preferred against him'? He
has simply attempted to remove a Cabinet
officer. Had he not the right, and was it not
his duty to do so? This question is of a two-
fold character. Let us briefly examine it.
All power in our Government, whether legis-
lative, executive, or judicial, is derived from
the Constitution, its fundamental law. That
Constitution was the work of master minds,
who having scrutinized the more liberal forms
of civil polity which had existed in Greece
and Rome and Carthago, and throughout the
succeeding ages, especially the models of the
Batavian and Helvetic confederacies—the
only examples which remained of former re-
publics—after all drew their best and wisest
lessons from the British constitution, which
was pronounced by the celebrated Montes-
quieu to be the " mirror of political liberty."
Upon this, with such modifications and im-
provements as the wisdom and experience of
ourgreat statesmen suggested, was founded the
Pederal Constitution. Jt is a congregation
solely of delegated powers, and establishes a
compound system o( government. Its powers
are divided under three great heads, legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial, separate and
distinct, equal and coordinate, and by the
maintenance of each in its integrity depends
the very existence of the whole. It is in this
triple harmony, this political trinity, if I may
so speak, that consists the beauty, the virtue,
and the glory of our Federal system. This
happy equilibrium of the forces of government
was the result of all the learning of our fathers,
and it was to establish this in absolute verity
that they examined so closely and steered so
narrowly between all the models before them.
Montesquieu says:
"When tho legislative and executive powors are
united iu the sauio person or body there can bo no
liberty.'*
Madison says :
"It will not bo denied that power $$ of an en-
croaching natuic, and that it ought to be effectually
restrained troin passing the limits assigned to it."
Again he says:
" In order to lay a due foundation for that soparato
and distinct cxoicise of the different powers of Gov-
ernment which, to a certain extent, is admitted on
all hands to be essentia! to tho preservation of lib-
city, it is evident that each department should have
a will of its own."
Hamilton says:
"An absolute or qualified negative in the execu-
tive upon the acts of the legislative body is admitted
by the ablest adepts in political science to be an in-
dispensable barrier against the encroachments of tho
latter upon the former."
Washington says, in his Farewell Address:
" The spirit of encroachment tends to consolidate
tho powers of all the departments in one, and thus
to create, whatever tho form of government, a real
despotism."
Such is the language of a great lawgiver,
of the chief authors of the Constitution itself,
and of the Father of his Country. But what
does the instrument itself say :
"The executive power shall bo vested in a Presi-
dent of the United states.
" He shall take carc that the laws be faithfully
executed, arid sha.ll commission all the officers of the
United States."
He solemnly swears that he will, faithfully
execute the office of President, and will to the
best of his ability preserve, protect, and de-
fend the Constitution of the United States.
After these opinions and this, the written
organic law, who can doubt that the President
had the right to perform the very act. for which
he is accused? The power to remove from
office would seem naturally and logically to
follow the power to appoint, but the Constitu-
tion has required that the appointment by the
President of embassadors, other public minis-
ters and consuls, judges of the Supreme Court,
