380
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jufy%
Ho. of Reps.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Price.
40th Oong. ;.. 2d Smss:
Purchase of Alaska.
SPEECH OF JEOJSf. HIRAM PRICE,
os iowa, - .
Itr the House op Representatives, : •
July 1, 1868.'
The House being in Committee of tie Whale on the
state of theUtiion, and having under consideration
the bill (H. R.' No. 1096) making an appropriation to
carry into effect the treaty1 with Russia of March
30,1867—
Mr. PRICE said r
Mr. ChaieMait : The proposition now under
consideration, stripped of all verbiage and
removed from all ambiguity, is simply this :
whether we; the Representative's of the people,
the'itren whose duty it is specially to levy taxes
upon.the people, 'and as specially to see that
an .h'ohest and econofaical disbursement is
made of the money thus raised, whether we,
thus situated and thus charged with important
duties, are prepared in the present financial
condition of the country to purchase any more
territory or any other property not absolutely
necessary to the" life or the, nation. I under-
stand this to be the question with which we
are brought face to face by the bill reported by
the Cofam'ittee on Foreign Affairs for the pur-
chase of Alaska.
I listened yesterday attentively and with
much pleasure to. the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Banks,] the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, whilehe labored
for an hour and three quarters'to convince the
House and the country that duty and interest
both required us to complete this purchase.
It is'one of my weaknesses, sir, to bow, if not
submissively, yet with great admiration at the
feet of eloquence and oratory, and I could not
help admiring the ingenuity with whieh he
created his magnificent structure out of almost
nothing. . It is pleasant and refreshing to the
mind, sir, to occasionally leave for a limited
period the -dry and dusty paths of toil that lead
np the hill of difficulty, and in which we are
continually meeting with such stubborn things
as facts and figures, and to recruit our wasted
energies in the green fields and cool shades
which are to be found only in the domain of
imagination and of fancy.
I think I pay no mean compliment to the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
when I say that I found myself insensibly fol-
lowing him from the dead and heated atmos-
phere of this Hall to the cool shades and
invigorating breezes of Vancouver ; that with
him I witnessed the selection of one of the
forest trees of that region, and its transporta-
tion to Toulon, where an imperial commission
was 'in session to decide upon the relative value
of the timber of different countries for the
raaste of vessels ; with him I saw it prepared
and reared aloft as the mainmast of one of
thd;largest vessels; and then in company with
other vessels, when the sea was not calm nor
the skies clear, but when the storm-king was
abroad in his power, I saw these ves«els with
every inch of canvass that could be safely car-
ried start upon the trial trip. With him I
waited_ for the result and the decision, and
with him-my heart swelled with pride when
the decision was given in favor of the timber
grown upon the continent of America. It is
true, sir, that my joy was slightly modified,
when I remembered that as a rule that kind
of timber is not found on fertile plains or in
"wooded valleyswarm and low," but upon
the bleak mountain side, or on some beetling
cliff, where for some half a century it has
reared its head in defiance of the storms which'
have swept over and around it, and where a
thousand times it, has been bent like a bow by
the power of the tempest, but each time spring-
ing back like a shaft has maintained its per-
pendicular, gaining by this discipline that
strength and elasticity of fiber which are neces-
sary to fit it to occupy the place of a main-
mast to carry the sails of commerce and flags
of nations.'
But, Mr. Chairman, the eloquence of the
gentleman from Massachusetts did not allow
me to'stop here, but carried ine with him tj>
Russia, the party who seeks to make the sale
to us. I traversed with him the governments
of Smolensk and Novgorod and Olonetz. I
stood with him on th,e banks of the Yolga and
the Minsk and the Dnieper. 1 He showed me
how the inhabitants of some of those countries
could manufacture canvass and bags and
mats and even shoes out of the bark of trees ;
and I confess that for a moment I forgot that
the reason why this material was used for these
purposes was because of the barrenness of the
soil and the inhospitable character of the cli-
mate, but when I awoke from the hallucination
into which the witchery of his eloquence had
thrown me I found a barren soil and a half
civilized people.
But, sir, I was not allowed to remain long
there. By a movement as quick and a change
as sudden as ever was produced by Aladdin's
lamp, we were standing upon the margins of
the inlets, bays, and water-courses of Alaska.
There thegentlemanfrom Massachusetts point-
ed out to me the fish with which these waters
swarm ; no, sir, I beg pardon, not swarm, there
is no room for them to swarm, they are piled
up fish upon fish, pile upon pile, solid columns
of fish, no human arithmetic can compute their
numbers. And, sir, such fish, shad, salmon, cod,
according to the description a foot and over
through the shoulders, with sides and tails to
match. As I stood there, Mr. Chairman, listen-
ing to the gentleman from Massachusetts, with
fish to the right of me, fish to the left of me,
fish all in front of me, rolling and tumbling, I
had to acknowledge that the picture, as painted,
made Alaska a good country for fish.
Well, sir, to sum up in a word the influence
which the speech of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts had upon me—and I presume upon
others—1 will confess that so attractive did he
make itappear that almost unconsciously 1 was
on the point of embracing the creations of his
splendid fancy; but upon reflection and the
exercise of sober second thought, when 1 come
to strip it of the trimming and tinselry in which
his imagery had clothed it, 1 found nothing but
a cold, forbidding, ghastly, grinning skeleton,
from which I turned with horror and disgust.
From the best information which I have
been able to obtain 1 believe Alaska to be, in
the language of an impartial historian, "very
mountainous; some of them fifteen to seven-
teen thousand five hundred feet high, and vol-
canic, with a climate intensely cold and a sterile
soil." But, sir, I do not propose to argue this
question on that basis at all. I do not, propose
to discuss the question whether it is a desirable
country or not. 1 care not, so far as this dis-
cussion is concerned and for the purposes of
this argument, whether it be a good or a bad
country; whether it be a volcanic country, with
mountains rising seventeen thousand five hun-
dred feet above the sea, or whether it contains
smiling plains rivaling those of Italy. With
me these are not the questions to be discussed;
but what I propose to discuss is the question
as to our right, our power, our obligation to
perfect this treaty commenced l>3r other powers
of this Government; and a few of the reasons
I propose to give are these:
First, sir, we do not want this territory,
because as every one knows we have millions of
acres of land now, more than we can properly
care for or develop. Yes, sir ; in the valley
of the Mississippi alone there is land enough
for an empire, uninhabited, unimproved, and
its resources undeveloped because we have not
the money to improve the channels and pre-
vent the overflow of the rivers upon the banks
of which those lands are situated. In the
second place, Mr. Chairman, we have no money
with which to make this purchase. I piesume
I need not inform this House and the country.
that as a nation we a-re in debt, and in debt,-
too, ,to such an extfent', as to cause considerable
anxiety as to how we are to meet our honest
obligations. These two facts, sir, it seeing to
me, ought to settle the question at once and
finally, fof if an individual who was pecuniarily
involved' to- such an extent that he was com-
pelled to renew'his notes -from time to time,
and beg time from his creditors, should" take
money which he borrowed at ah exorbitant-
rate of interest to purchase a piece of property
which he had no kind of use for, he would be
called by all honest and prudent men either a
very weak or a very wicked man, and I hold,
sir, that the same rule that applies to indi-
viduals is equally applicable to nations. We
have .not one dollar, sir, in the Treasury of
the United States to-day that' does not belong
to our creditors.
Only twenty-four hours ago, on this very floor
gentlemen were, debating the question as to the
practicability and the ability ©f this Govern-
ment appropriating a few thousand dollars for
the removal of obstructions in the rapids in the
Mississippi and Ohio rivers. Gentlemen who
are advocating the purchase of Alaska at an
expenditure of $7,200,000 in gold, equal to
$10,000,000 in currency, doubted only twenty-
four hours since whether we had the financial
ability to appropriate a few thousand dollars
for the removal of obstructions to the naviga-
tion of the waters of the Mississippi and Ohio.
Now, what kind of a river is the Mississippi?
Have gentlemen thought of it who advocate
the purchase of Alaska? It is a jiver reaching
from the frozen regions of the North, through
every variety of soil and climate until it loses
itself in the ocean in the region of eternal sum-
mer. It grasps in one hand the land of snow
and ice and in the other that of the olive and
the palm. Such is the great-river that the
great Architect of the universe has donated to
us free of charge with but one or two small
obstructions in it to be removed by the hand
of man. And yet we stand here doubting
whether we have the financial ability to expend
a few thousand dollars for the purpose of giv-
ing uninterrupted navigation through two thou-
sand miles, the grandest river on the globe,
forming the boundary for twelve States of this
Union, each of them large enougli for an em-
pire, a river having capacity enough to bear
upon its bosom the commerce of many nations.
Gentlemen who doubt our ability to do that
are to-day ready to vote $10,000,000 to pay
for the icebergs of Alaska.
There are from fifty to seventy thousand In-
dians in Alaska, and from ten to twelve thousand
white people of some kind. But, sir, who live
on the banks of the Mississippi river, which we
with some difficulty voted yesterday to improve
so I hat the agriculturists of that great valley
could get their products to the Atlantic sea-
board? Who live there? Not fifty thousand
Indians, not a few white men of doubtful color,
but millions of intelligent, industrious, enter-
prising, thorough-going, reliable, loyal people,
who to-day arc making that valley the garden
of the world and are prepared to make it the
granary of the world. What is the object of
improving the navigation of the Mississippi?
Why, sir, that these same millions of agricul-
turists in the Northwest may produce cheap
bread and meat for the toiling millions on the
Atlantic sea-board. That was the object of
that appropriation yesterday, and yet gentle-
men know how bitterly, how determinedly it
was opposed, and only passed by a very small
majority. To-day, on the same floor, under
the same circumstances, without a dollar ruore
in the Treasury than there was then, we are
prepared coolly to say that we have money
enough to pay $10,000,000 in currency for
Alaska. \\ ell, sir, I think when gentlemen
I view these questions from a proper stand-point,
i they will agree with me that there is but one
I conclusion to be arrived at in the premises.
1 Let us take care of what we have. Let us cul-
