2904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Juiie 8, -
recently did not receive the indorsement of
this body for a high office which he had once
held, said on a certain occasion, and all their
leaders say, that they mean first to get power,
and next, if they do get power, they will
trample free suffrage under their feet; they
will reinstate their style of rule. Mr. Pres-
ident, if there be one of them so vam as to
dream earnestly of it, I caution and conjure
him to remember that tiie day has passed for
rebel rule in America. The day has passed,
as slavery has passed, when its damned instru-
ments can longer control public opinion. Sir,
let them undertake to trample under foot, and
the next great example will make an epoch
in human history never to be forgotten. As
Wrong is weaker than Right and and has not
any of its inherent power; as Right is true and
strong and bold, so will the one triumph over
the other and trample it under its feet. That,
sir, is where the trampling will be done, and
the result of the vintage will be the pure wine
of liberty, unadulterated, vitalizing, good for
body and soul.
I have been at a loss, Mr. President, in
thinking of it, to imagine to what caste, class,
party, faction, or sect my friend really belongs ;
I mean in his religion; not while 1 listened to
him yesterday, but while I have listened to him
for the three years last past in this Chamber.
I have not gone and made the researches that
our friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
could have done by turning his finger, and
brought and spread before me all the systems
of religion that mankind have known, so that
I might have found the place of my friend
from Wisconsin. Having found no place for
him in the sect to which he professes to belong,
J. went to others, and among the rest I found
me 5 book which gave the philosophy of the
Hindoo religion. There is a great deal in it,
sir; and I will say here in its behalf and for it,
that if my friend belonged to it, was in full
communion with it, he would sever his present
party connections and come and seek forgive-
ness of the men and cause he has betrayed.
I find that their religion divides their popu-
lation into four castes or tribes or classes, and
they are described according to their inherent
faculties and their fitnesses for life on earth,
and I suppose for life in heaven. They con-
sist of the Brahmen, which is the highest—my
friend from Nevada, [Mr. Nye,] 1 have no
doubt will be deeply interested in this exposi-
tion, as he is known to be a searcher after
truth. The next tribe or caste is the Kehlree ;
the next is the Visya; audtlie next and fourth
and last is the Soodra. The Brahmen consist
of those who have faculties that give this
result: " The natural duty of the Brahman is
peace, self-restraint''—that is bad for my
friend—" zeal'' —if that could possibly be meant
to be associated with a bad cause, he could
come in—"purity"—I will let him judge of
that for himself—"patience, rectitude, wis-
dom, learning, and theology." Do you think
h<5 belongs there, sir ? I should say not.
The natural duties of the second class are
" bravery, glory,"—a brave man never deserts
a cause, not even a failing cause; to use a
vulgar phrase, he dies in his tracks ; and that
is glorious; and the very next duty of that
caste is "glory;" then "fortitude, rectitude,
not to flee from the field "—my friend clearly
does not belong there, for he did flee from the
field; he left us, and he left us when we had
the mightiest of works to do—" generosity and
princely conduct." It is not "princely con-
duct" to flee from the field.
The natural duty of the third class, or Visya,
is "to cultivate the land, tend the cattle, buy
and sell." I do not know that my friend be-
longs there, i do not know that he has any
talent for these pursuits.
The natural duty of a Soodra is servitude.
In one sense, I think, my friend belongs there.
He has joined the party devoted to the estab-
lishment of servitude. But on the whole, having
discussed that with myself, I concluded that
my friend could not be put with that tribe or
class; and therefore I found no place for him
in the Hindoo religion. I found he did not
belong to the Christian religion, and there was
no place for him among the Hindoos. He had
left his party and his country in its greatest
need, and not having my friend from Massa-
chusetts at my elbow so that I might carry on
my investigations further, it simply became
my natural duty to pray for him. [Laughter. ]
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I argued
yesterday in favor of the right and propriety
of immediately admitting Alabama, but I said
that perhaps it would not be safe to put Ala-
bama into this general bill, as there was some
special opposition to Alabama, and it might
endanger the admission of the other States,
and for that reason I would favor putting Ala-
bama into a bill by itself. I learn to-day that
I was mistaken in regard to the strength of the
opposition to the admission of Alabama. I
believe that Alabama can be admitted on the
final passage of the bill, and therefore I shall
vote for the amendment offered by the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts, believing
that the bill with Alabama in it will pass over
the President's veto as well as without it.
REPRESENTATION OF ARKANSAS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senate now
to consider the report of the committee of
conference on the Arkansas bill. The word
"all" was omitted in the copying of the
report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
will be received and read, if there be no objec-
tion.
The Chief Clerk read it, as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill of tho House No. 1039, to admit the
State of Arkansas to representation in Congress,
having met, after full and free conference, have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend to their
respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from its amendment to the
House bill and agree to said bill with the following
amendment added thereto: "Under laws equally
applicable to all the inhabitants of said State : Pro-
vided, That any alteration of said constitution, pros-
pective in its effect, may be made in regard to the
time and place of residence of voters;" and that the
Senate agree to tho same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the amendment to the prcambleof tbe bill and agree
to the same. LYMAN TRUMBULL,
0. 1). DRAKE,
IlENRY WILSON",
Managers on the part of the Senate.
THADDEUS STEVENS,
P. 0. BEAMAN,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 1010) relating to pen-
sions was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOCSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1033) for the relief of
Thomas McLean;
A bill (H. 14. No. 1051) to grant certain
islands to the State of Wisconsin as swamp
lands and for other purposes ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1052) amendatory of an
act entitled "An act granting public lands to
the State of Wisconsin to aid in the construc-
tion of railroads in said State," approved June
3, 1856.
These bills were severally read twice by
their titles and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1058) to admit the States of North Caro-
lina, South Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, and
Alabama to representation in Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose it^ cannot
be expected to finish this matter this after-
noon, and, if it is agreeable to the Senate, I
move that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of executive business.
Mr. WILSON. Let us finish this.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We cannot finish it
on this Saturday afternoon.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope we shall go into
executive session, because we have some busi-
ness there that-ought to be acted upon speedily.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no particular
wish in moving an executive session, but I
thought it would be better.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope we shall get a vote
on the bill.
Mr. MORTON. I think we can get a vote
in a few minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we may get a
vote. I do not know that there is any dis-
cussion to be had in the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I withdraw the motion *
if gentlemen desire it, unless somebody wishes
to discuss the bill at length.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The motion
for an executive session is withdrawn.
Mr. HOWARD. What is the question
then?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. VICKERS. It is now nearly three
o'clock, and I suppose that if any time of the
Senate is to be given to executive business
it would be better to give it now. Possibly I
might detain the Senate to a period so late
that it would not be practicable to enter on
that kind of business. I understand there is
some important business to be performed in
executive session.
Mr. WILSON. I understand the Senator
desires to speak at length on this subject.
Mr. YICKERS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I hope we shall go
into executive session.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me
a single moment? I propose to let this bill
lie over, and take up and put on its passage—
I hope it will take no time—the bill to con-
tinue the Bureau for the relief of Freedmen
and Refugees, and for other purposes. It is
important to act upon it now.
Several Senators. You cannot pass that
to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can
only be done by unanimous consent at this
tiro e.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
is made.
Mr. WILSON. If objection be made to
that motion, I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before that motion is
put, I wish the Senate would indulge me sim-
ply to say that I hope wc may come here oil
Monday with the understanding that we shall
vote on this bill. ["Agreed!"]
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of tho Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, to proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The motion was agreed to : and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, Juneti, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boy'Xton.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
Journal, but. on motion of Mr. MAYNARD,
by unanimous consent, the further reading was
dispensed with.
WILLIAM CONNELLY.
On motion of Mr. SCOFIELD, the petition
of W illiam Connelly, for a pension, was with-
drawn without leaving copies on file.
REISSUES OP PATENTS,
Mr. EAUM, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. lit}") in relation to
