496
ME CONGRESSIONAL 6L0SB.
January 14,
It is quite apparent that this ass6ciate jus- |
tice of the Supreme Court was then prepared
and ready to swallow negro suffrage, the re-
construction acts, and all the radical measures
ot' Congress. But any good legal mind must
labor under some strange hallucination that
can take the position that the abrogation of the
governments of fifteen States by an act of Con-
gress for any end whatever was within the
scope of the Constitution ; that this act, so vari-
ous and monstrous in its provisions, so destruc-
tive of the rights and powers of the States, was
an appropriate measure, plainly adapted to the
end of simply preventing the reestablishment
of slavery in the United States, and that it was
consistent with the letter and spirit of the Con-
stitution, and was not a measure devised under
pretense of enforcing this thirteenth amend-
ment, but in fact to accomplish objects not
intrusted to Congress by the Constitution.
But let us confront this conclusion of Judge
Swayne, that the civil rights bill is undoubtedly
constitutional in all its provisions, with an-
other part of his opinion, in which he says :
"What is unwarranted or forbidden by the Con-
stitution can uo more be done in one way than in
another. The authority of the national Government
is limited, though supreme in the sphere of it? oper-
ation. As compared with tho State governments
tho subjects upon which it operates are few in num-
ber. Its objects are national. It is one wholly of
delegated powers. The States possess all which they
have not surrendered: the Government of the Union
only such as the Constitution has given to it, ex- ;
pressly or incidentally, and by reasonable intend- |
ment. Whenever an aet of that Government is ehnl- !
lenged, a grant of power must be shown or the act is
roid."
I challenge the civil rights bill, and demand
to know what clauses of the Constitution ex-
press a surrender by the States to Congress
of the power to break up and reconstruct i
their governments, which it does ; and Judge ,1
Swayne answers from the bench, "Congress !j
shall have power to pass all necessary and 1
proper laws to prevent the reestablishment of
slavery in the United States." I might re-
spond the answer is not only insufficient, it Is ,
ridiculous; his own statement of principles,
■which I have just quoted, show the unsound- jj
ness and absurdity of his judgment sustaining ij
the constitutionality of this act. I,
But to give further illustration of the pro- |.
cesses of reasoning by which Judge Swayne j
strove so hard to reach that conclusion, I will H
* read further from his opinion: | j
" These pages show the spirit in which the amend- !
ment is to be interpreted and develop fully the prin- |
ciples to be applied. Before proceeding further, it |
will be well to pause ar.d direct our attention to
what has been deemed appropriate in the execution
of some of the other powers confided to Congress in
like general terms.
"1. ' The powertolayand collect taxes, duties, and
imposts.' This includes authority to build custom-
hoaeee; to employ revenue cutters; to appoint the
necessary collectors and other officers; to take bonds .■
for the performance of their duties; to establish the !
needful bureaus; to prescribe when, how, and in I
what the taxes and duties shall be paid; to rent or
build warehouses for temporary storing purposes: to
define all crimes relating to the subject in its various
ramifications, with their punishment, and to provide
for their prosecution.
"2. 'To regulate commcrcewith foreign nations,
among the several States, and with the Indian
tribes.' This carries with it the power to build a'nd
maintain light-houses, piers, and breakwaters; to
employ revenue-cutters; to cause surveys to be made
of coast?, rivers, and harbors; to appoint all neces-
sary officers, at home and abroad; to prescribe their
duties, fix their terms of office and compensation;
and to define and punish all crimes relating to com-
merce, within thesphere of the Constitution."— United
States vs. Coombs, 12 1'ct., 72; United States vs. Holii-
day. 3 Wall, 407.
"3. * To establish post offices and post roads.' This
(fives authority to appoint a Postmaster General and
local postmasters throughout the country; to define
their duties and compensation; to cause the mails to
be carried by contract or by the servants of the De-
partment to all parts of tho States and Territories of
the Union and to foreign countries: and to punish
crimes relating to the service, iBcludingobstructions
to those engaged in transporting the mail while in
the performance of their duty. The mail penal code
comprises more than filty offenses. All of them re«t
for their necessary constitutional sanction upon this
power, thus briefly expressed.
"4. "To raise and support armies.' This includes
the power to enlist such number of men for su' li
periods and at such rates of compensation as may
be deemed proper; to provide all the necessary offi-
cers, equipments, and supplies, and to establish a
Military Academy, where are taught military and
such other sciences and branches of knowledge as
may bedeemed expedient, in order to prepare young
men for the military scrvice.
"5. 'To provideand maintain anavy.' Thisnnthor-
izes tho Government to buy or build any number of
steam or other ships of war, to man, arm, and other-
wise prepare them for war, and to dispatch them to
any accessible part of the globe. Under this power
the Naval Academy has been established."—United
Xfatci vs. Britvnn, .'5 11 hcaton, 390.
"These are but a small part of the powers which
are incidental and appropriate to the main powers
expres.-ly granted. It is Utopian to belicvo that
without such constructive powers tho powers ex-
pressed can be so executed as to meet the intentions
of the framers of the Constitution and accomplish
the objects for whichgovernments are instituted.
The Constitution provides expressly for the exorcise
of such powers to the full extent that may be 'neces-
sary and proper.' No other limitation is imposed.
Without this provision tho same result would have
followed. The means of execution ore inherently
and inseparably a part of the powor to bo executed."
There is here enumerated some of the most
important, necessary, and active powers of the
Government, to execute which continuously
multiform legislation by Congress from time to
time, and in perpetuity, is indispensably neces-
sary. These are and must continue to be the
sources of large and indefinite incidental
power of legislation. When the jud^e brought
up those enumerated powers and the various
necessary and proper legislation which has
taken place to execute them to prove that the
civil rights bill was a parallel measure to exe-
cute the thirteenth amendment, he must have
felt that he was in a desperate strait. There
is no analogy between these cases and the civil
rights bill, and to present them to prove it
does not strengthen but does weaken his cause.
He might have drawn from the Constitution
and the history of congressional legislation
much closer analogies to tho subject before
him. The first paragraph of section ten, article
one, read;s:
"No State shall enter into any treaty, alliance, or
confederation ; grant letters of marque and reprisal;
emit bills of credit; make anything but gold and sil-
ver coin a tender in payment of debts; pass any bill
of attainder, ex post facto law, or law impairing the
obligation of contracts; or grant any title of no-
bility."
Some of the things prohibited in this clause
had been done by the States, and were in
existence when the Constitution took effect;
they were abolished and their reproduction
prohibited by this provision as slavery is by
the thirteenth amendment. There has never
been any laws passed by Congress to enforce
the execution of that clause, and yet every-
thing in being proscribed by it silently fell
under its force, and nothing which it.forbid
has ever since been attempted by the States;
and if such attempts had been made the
courts could have repressed them under the
power of the constitutional provision itself,
and without the aid of any legislation.
Some of the things interdicted by that clause
were much more likely to be attempted by the
States than that any of them should under-
take to restore slavery ; and were attempts to
restore it made the civil rights bill might be
repealed or adjudged to be unconstitutional,
and without any other law the courts would
have ample power under the thirteenth amend-
ment to restrain and stifle all such attempts.
If in the First Congress, of which many of
its members had been in the Convention that
framed the Constitution or the State conven-
tions that adopted it, a bill parallel to the civil
rights bill, to enforce the execution of the
clause of section ten, article one, which 1 have
just read, had been introduced, the member
proposing it would have been set down to be
demented.
The opinion of Judge Swayne is very unne-
cessarily long. More than one half of it is
given up to declamation, or the statement Jlnd
discussion of principles or positions of which
he says severally they have no relevancy to the
case that he was trying, and in the residue of the
opinion in which he discusses its points there
are frequent unsound positions which he him-
self overthrows by the statement of an antago-
nistic sound one. I will give some examples :
"Whenever an act of that Government [United
Statesjis challenged a grant of power must be shown,
or the act is void.
" It is an axiom in oar jurisprudence that an act
of Congress is not to be pronounced unconstitutional
unloss the defect of power to pass it is so clear as to
admit of no doubt."
Shades of Madison, Marshall, and Web-
ster ! Donbts a constitutional source of the
powers of Congress ! %
I quote further:
" Perhaps the safest rule of interpretation after all
will be found to be to look to the nature and objects
of the particular powers, duties, and rights with all
the lights and aids of contemporary histoiy, and to
give to the words of each just such operation and
force consistent with their meaning as may fairly
secure the omls proposed."
This opinion embodies a long discussion of
the term citizen, its true meaning, and the
rights imported by it, and upon these points
quotes sundry authorities, and then declares
the whole subject to be irrelevant to the case
before the court. But one of Judge Swayne's
pet positions, that all slaves on manumission,
by whatever mode, become citizens, was over-
thrown by the opinion of the Supreme Court
in the Dred Scott case, that a negro of pure
African descent could not. in any condition,
be a citizen ; and this ruling the judge at-
tempts to parry by assuming that the question
of Scott's citizenship was not properly before
that court, and therefore its opinion upon that
point was but an abiter dictum, and of no
binding authority. But here, also, the learned
judge was in error. One of the important
questions in that case was whether Scott was
a citizen of Missouri, and the court ruled that
he was not, on two grounds: first, he was a
slave; second, he was a negro of pure Afri-
can descent, and upon both or either of the
groundswas notacitizen. Both those grounds
were incidental questions properly before tha
court, and it was its right and duty to rule
upon them both. But, when Judge Swayne
was thus attempting to misapply the doctrine
of abiter dictum it is strange that it did not
occur to him that he was in this opinion ruling
so many points, and important ones, too, and
declared, seriatum, that they were wholly irrel-
evant to the case; and especially, that he
sho^d have adjudged that the civil rights bill
was constitutional in all its provisions when
only two of its numerous provisions were in-
volved in the case which lie was trying.
I could proceed lengthily yet to show the
incongruous arguments, conflicting authorities,
and unsustained conclusions in Judge Swayne's
opinion, but it would subserve no useful pur-
pose, and I therefore forbear. But to show
the animus with which he entered upon the
consideration of the case I will read some
passages from his opinion:
" The title of the act is in harmony with this view
of the subject.
" The construction contended for would obviously
defeat the main object which Congress had in view
in passing the act, and produce results the opposite
of those intended.
" Tho difficulty was that where a white man was
sued by a colored man, orwasprosccutcd fora crimo
against a colored man, colored witnesses were
excluded. This, in many cases, involved adenial of
justice. Crimes of the deepest dye were committed
by white men with impunity. Courts and juries were
frequently hostile to the colored man, and adminis-
tered justice, both civil and criminal, in a corre-
sponding spirit. Congress met these evils by giving
to the colored man everywhere the same right to
testify'as is enjoyed by white citizens,' abolishing
the distinction between white and colored witnesses,
and by giving to the courts of the United States
jurisdiction of all causes, civil and criminal, which
concern him, wherever the right to testify aB if he
were white is denied to him or c.*>nnot be enforced
in the local tribunals of the State."
The charge that in the slave States " courts
and juries were frequently hostile to the
colored man, and administered justice, both
civil and criminal, in a corresponding spirit,"
is a flagitious exaggeration. On the contrary,
whenever the black man had a cause, civil or
criminal, he always had the sympathy of the
court and jury, heightened by the fact that
he could introduce no witnesses of his race;
but this lie could do in every penal prosecution
against himself.
The opinion presents a vivid sketch of the
harsh slave codes of several States at and
before the commencement of the rebellion.
Every country and every State while holding
to slavery have had necessarily harsh slave
