382
APPENDIX' TO 'THE; CONGRESSIONALi<SLOBi£I.
[JunuSOJ
HOv1 OF REPS.
Purchase'of Alaska—Mr. Prwfn.
40th 0ong...v2i> Sess.
themselves suddenly arrested by the barriers
of the Constitution they turn to us, where
alone the purchasing-power is vested,*and re-
quest us, seemingly as a'matter of course, to
breathe the breath of life into their lifeless
creation. We say totheffl, "Gentlemen, k can-
not be done; we are'nearly oat of breath ; if we
give vitality to your progeny, some of those
who have claims upon ua for life will die."
If they complain of this we must,reply by sug-
gesting that they ought to have made some
calculations about their motive power before
they commenced constructing their machine.
If it be true, Mr. Chairman, that because of
this attempted purchase we' are under obliga-
tions to' vote--away this $7,200,000'in gold,
then by the-'"sa.mef;rule we may be required to-
morrow to vote' away seven hundred or seven'
thousand millions; and if these parties who
make this requisition upon us have the author-
ity to bind us by a bargain for Walrussia, they
have the same authority to compel us to pay
for old Russia and the balance of the world.
The Constitution of the United States very
wisely puts the power of voting away money
with the men who devise the ways and means
of raising it by taxation. The people, through-
their immediate Representatives, say what shall
bo done with the'money which they have them-
selves contributed.
The President may hold the sword ; but, sir,
we'bold the purse, and are alone responsible
to-the people who sent us here for the use to
which we put their money. Not our money,
sir ; not the President's money. No, sir; but
tlio people's money; and when I discover that
the people who pay the taxes wish to have their
money invested in this way, 1 will be willing
to vote for this $7,000,000 expenditure, but
until >1 do make this discovery, my voice and
vote will certainly be against it.
Mr. Chairman, if this that is called a treaty,
but- which.'I deny is one, makes it obligatory
ott-us -to'vote this" money, then I ask gentle-
men whofc're advocating this measure what is
to-prevent the same parties who made this
bargain from buying the balance of the world
and compelling us to pay for it. If this doc-
trine be true, the nation is financially at the
mercy of the President and Senate, and we,
the immediate Representatives of the people,
are nothing more than so many clerks, whose
duty it is to obey their commands and record
their edicts.
'For'one, sir, I do not subscribe to this doe-
trine. I believe that now is the time and this
is the occasion to say to all pai-ties, at home
and abroad, that money wrung from the over-
burdened taxpayers shall not be paid out on
real-estate speculations, nor for any other pur-
pose, unless the Representatives of the people
decidethat it is for the interest of their con-
stituents and in accordance with their wishes.
Money, sir, not only furnishes the sinews of
waT, but- it is alst) the life blood of a nation in
time of peacej supplying the'vital forces of all
the industries of civilized life, and contributing
to'tfae prosperity and happiness of-the people;
and'the'-men of any party who wickedly and
foolishly squander "it; and thus lay unnecessary
burdens upon the people, deserve, and must
expect, to be hurled from place and power,
and their, places supplied by more prudent and
deserving men. ■
Let us, sir, not seek to stretch our arms like
seas to take iir'&H the shores, but let us rather
protect and- preserve what we have, develop
the agricultural, miheral, and commercial pos-
sibilities which we already'possess; and thus
make this nation the home of hundreds of mil-
lions of happy and prosperous people.
And now, sir, one word further: an attempt
has been made by the advocates of this bill to
compare it. with the French indemnity treaty.
I undertake to say, sir, that there is no simi-
larity in the two cases ; and he who can-draw
a parallel between them  ould make his'for-
tune as a contriver of new inventions.
The French indemnity treaty was made to j
secure payment to our .citizens for property 1
which had been destroyed, and for which the ]
French nation was liable. Our citizens had ;
been deprived unjustly aud by violence of their
property, the property could not be restored to
them, and the only thing that could be done
was to agree upon the value of it and require
payment. This was agreed upon between
the two Governments, but the French nation '
delayed payment until the old Hero of the Her- :
mitage was placed in the seat of power of this :
nation, when he declared in emphatic language ;
that it should be paid, and it was.
But, sir, we have not destroyed any of the
property of Russia or of any of her citizens.
Alaska in all its hideous proportions and native
cheerlessness, with her icebergs, her volcanoes,
her three hundred and sixty days in the year
of clouds and storms, her harbors, streams,
Indians, and fish, are all there, just where they
were and as they were when these negotia-
tions commenced, and Russia is welcome, so
far as I am concerned, to remain in peaceable
possession of all that region until the last
echoes of the trump of time shall have died
away among the hills of eternity.
Purchase of Alaska.
SPEECH OF HON. J. V. L. PRUYN,
OP NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
June 30, 18(38.
The House being in Committeo of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and having under considera-
tion the bill (H. R. No. making an appropria-
tion to carry into effect the treaty with ltussia of
March 30,1867—•
Mr. PRUYN said:
Mr. Chairman : On a previous occasion when
this subject came up somewhat incidentally
before the House I made some remarks in
response to what fell from the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] m reference to
the treaty with Russia referred to in the bill
before us. At that time I submitted extracts
from Kent's Commentaries and from those
of Judge Story on the Constitution bearing
directly upon this question. I do not now
propose again to cite those authorities at
length, but simply to say that both those dis-
tinguished authorities looked upon it .as a set-
tled question that it is the duty of the House
of Representatives to make appropriations to
carry out a treaty which has been honestly and
fairly made by the treaty-making power. Nor
do I propose to say anything about Alaska, its
extent, its character, its productions, its mines,
its minerals, and its forests. A full statement
on all these subjects was made to the House
this morning in the very clear and able remarks
of the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, [Mr. Banks.] Nor is it my intention
to deal with the matter of dollars and cents;
whether the sum named is too much to pay for
the territory acquired by the treaty, and
whether the President, the Department of
State, and the Senate were misled in this mat-
ter. Within certain limits the question is one
with which this House has nothing to do. I,
for one, do not mean to share any part of that
responsibility.
I approved of the treaty when made, and was
happy to find that tha Senate confirmed it by
an almost unanimous vote. But the cnatter
of the consideration to be paid was one for
the treaty-making power to deal with and does
not belong to us. • And I-submit that in a great
question of territorial acquisition like the pres-
ent we are not to judge of it by the standard
of money only. Considerations of national
importance, of safety, of peace, of future in-
fluence and power should be folly considered
and weighed. But passing this by, .not a word
has beets said in the course of this discussion
by any member of: the House by which the'
fairness of the treaty, or the honor, and good-
faith of those who negotiated it, have been in
any way questionsd. Indeed, 1 understand ifc
to be admitted- on all sides that the treaty- m
all these points is beyond all cavil. We thus
have the simple question presented to us,
whether a lawful treaty made in the forms
which.the Constitution prescribes,- and under
such circumstances that the good faith and
integrity of the parties_ making it cannot be
questioned, shall be disregarded by us, or
whether this House will make the requisite
appropriation to carry out its stipulations.
The treaty calls for an appropriation of
§7,200,000. Seven millions was the. price
originally agreed upon, but a question having
arisen in regard to some-alleged grants or con-
cessions on the part of the Russian Govern-
ment the President required that the treaty
on that point should be explicit and clear, and
that the territory should *be ceded without
burdens or reservations. This was agreed to
by Russia, and the sum of $'200,000. was there-
upon added to the original sum, making it
$7,200,000.- The treaty, after it had been con-
firmed by the Senate, was on the 20th of Juue,
1867, duly proclaimed by the I'resident to the
country, to the end that the same and every
part of it should be observed and respected
by the United States, and by the citizens
thereof,-and shortly thereafter Alaska was sur-
rendered to us by the Russian authorities, and
from that time has been in our possession and
under our control.
The question before us is one of pecnliar
interest, and merits the most careful attention
of the House. I do not agree with the chair-
man of the committee that we may go into the
broad question of public policy in considering
the treaty. I understood him in his opening,
remarks to say that we might look at it with
reference to the history and the condition of
the country, and might inquire whether it in-
terfered with what may be called its policy in
any respect in which it dealt with the aft'airs
or interests of the country..
Now, mere policy is one thing to-day and
another thing to-morrow. We must look at
the question in a different light. Could the
treaty-making power under the Constitution
lawfully make the treaty ? Their views of pol-
icy may lean in one direction, ours in another;
but it does not follow therefore that we are
right and they wrong, much less that we can
overrule their judgment. The Constitution
on this subject is broad and at the same time
explicit. In speaking of the powers of the
President it says:
" He shall have power by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate to make treatiest provided two
thirds of the Sonators present concur.''
There it stops ; there is nothing more of it.
The power is as broad as language can make
it. What a treaty was, I think was as well
understood by the framers of the Constitution
as by any men living. We had just passed
through our revolutionary struggle during which
a number of treaties of great importance had
been formed by us with foreign Powers. They
had been formed with deliberation and care,
and excited great interest as to their terms;
and when the Constitution used this language
it used it in the broadest and most comprehen-
sive sense.
We find treaties spoken of only once more
in the Constitution, in the clause in which it is
declared that the Constitution .of the United
States and the laws which shall be made in pur-
suance thereof, and all treaties made or which
shall be made under the authority of the United
States, shall be the supreme law of the land.
It is claimed that this is somewhat-qualified
by what follows: "And the judges of every
State shall.be bound thereby, anything in the.
constitution or laws of any State to the con-
trary notwithstanding." You ma.y strike oat
the word " supreme if you please, «u d say
