2006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6/
extend to any tract or tracts to Which any
adverse rights may have vested under any laws
of the United States prior to the date of the
return of surveys under this act.
The second section provides that it shall be
the duty of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office to have surveys of the islands
made accordingly, and to convey to the State,
by approval and patent, all tracts shown thereby
to be really swamp or overflowed within the
jurisdiction of the State.
The third section provides that as regards all
swamp or overflowed lands sold by the United
States or located with military bounty-land
warrants or scrip since the passage of the
swamp act of September 28, 1850, and which
may not be designated as swamp or overflowed
by the field notes of public surveys, it shall be
lawful for the State to present proof to the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, under
such regulations as may be prescribed by the
Secretary of the Interior, to show the charac-
ter of such lands, and when they shall have
been proven to have been really swamp or
overflowed lands at the date of the passage of
the said act of September 28, 1850, the State
shall be entitled to receive as indemnity there-
for alike amount of lands, to be located within
her limits, on any of the public lands subject
to entry at private sale at $1 25 per acre or
less.
Mr. MAYNARD. I cannot, by any means,
consent to allow a bill of this kind to pass
through sub silentio and pro forma. The
swamp-land legislation of 1850, referred to here,
took from the Government the very best lands
in the State of Arkansas, under the pretense
of granting the swamp lands to that State. I
understand the object of this bill is simply to
extend that Arkansas policy up into Wisconsin.
If we are to have a general policy, that when
a State is organized all the public lands in the
State shall be granted to that State, I am not
prepared to say that I will not go for it. But
so long as we have an established policy in
regard to our public lands of a different char-
acter I cannot consent to this kind of legisla-
tion.
Mr. HOPKINS. The gentleman is usually
so well informed that I regret the necessity of
correcting him on tMs occasion; but he cer-
tainly misapprehends the entire scope of this
bill. The swamp-land policy was extended to
our State by the act referred to in this bill,
which seeks only to give to the State of Wis-
consin the swamp lands which were actually
granted by the act of September 28, 1850.
There has been a dispute id regard to some
islands in the Mississippi and Wisconsin rivers
ever since that grant was made to our State ;
and this bill was drawn by the Commissioner
f'the General Land Office with the view of
tling that dispute, so that these islands may
disposed of by the State, as the timber upon
them, which constitutes about all their value,
is being stripped off every year. The bill
simply provides for doing an act of justice to
the State of Wisconsin by a fair construction
of the existing law.
The history of the swamp-land grant, so far
as it relates to the State of Wisconsin, I will,
as briefly as possible, give to the House.
By the act of September 28, 1850, entitled
"An act to enable the State of Arkansas and
other States to reclaim the swamp lands within
their limits," the United States granted to the
several States all the unsold swamp or over-
flowed lands within their limits. Acting upon
information received from the land depart-
ment, and believing that the plats and field
notes of the Government surveys indicated
accurately the swamp lands, and wishing to
avoid the expense of a resurvey of the State
for the purpose of making the selections under
this grant, the Governor of the State of Wis-
consin, in November, 1851, notified the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office to adjust
the grant to Wisconsin upon the evidence of
1 lie plats and field notes on file in the Land
Office. It soon became apparent to the author-
ities of the State and General Government
that the plats and field notes were very imper-
fect, and really furnished no adequate evi-
dence for the proper adjustment of this grant.
Consequently the State of Wisconsin, through
the Governor, applied to the Secretary of the
Interior, and obtained permission to resurvey
the State, with a view to ascertain the. quan-
tity of land Wisconsin was entitled to under
said grant. A careful resurvey was made at an
expense to the State of over thirty thousand
dollars, and the evidence furnished thereby
was conclusive that the State, if the grant was
adjusted upon the basis of the plats and field
notes, would lose a large quantity of land
which, by the act making the grant, we were
clearly entitled to. Congress intended, mani-
festly, to convey to the States all the swamp
lands unsold within their limits at the date of
tli£|%ct making the grant. Wisconsin claims
thn^ a large quantity of land of the charac-
ter specified in the act has not been conveyed
to the State, owing to the fact that the basis
adopted for the adjustment was imperfect and
unreliable. We claim, further, that it was no
fault of ours; that had the Government sur-
veyors done their duty they would have indi-
cated the swamp lands upon their plats, and
afforded an easy and correct basis for the
adjustment of the same ; but, failing to do so,
we are unable to adjust the grant fairly upon
this basis. All we ask by the bill under con-
sideration is that the act of September 28,
1850, so far as Wisconsin is affected by it, shall
be carried out in good faith, and that the State
may receive only such a quantity of land as by
an equitable adjustment of the grant we are
entitled to. The General Government has
always pursued a liberal policy toward the
States in settling grants of land, and I trust
no exception will be made in the case under
consideration.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOPKINS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The ten minutes allowed
by unanimous consent to the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Hopkins] for reports from the
Committee on the Public Lands have expired.
BELIEF OF ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. BOYER, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 288) amendatory
of joint resolution for the relief of certain offi-
cers of the Army; which was read a first and
second time, recommitted, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
RELIEF OF DRAFTED MEN.
Mr. BOYER also, by unanimous consent,
reported back with amendment, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, a bill (H. R. No.
424) entitled "An act amendatory of an act
entitled 'An act for the relief of certain drafted
men;'" which was recommitted, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. UPSON. I move to reconsider the
votes by which these bills have been recom-
mitted ; and also move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the first business in order during the
morning hour is the call of the Committee on
Invalid Pensions for reports, that committee
being entitled to another morning hour.
KECEPTIOX OF CHINESE EMBASSY.
Mr. WOOD, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
JBesolved, That the Speaker be requested to extend
to the embassy now in this capital representing the
Chinese Government a public reception in this Hall
at such lime as may be convenient to the embassy >
and the public business.
The SPEAKER. As the order of the House
is that this invitation be extended by the
Speaker at such time as will not interfere with
the public business, the Chair would like to
have the opinion of -the House as to what the
time shall be.
Mr. WOOD. I defer to the wishes of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
on that question.
The SPEAKER. If the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means will designate
what time in his opinion will least interfere with
the public business, the Chair will designate
that time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the time may be
Monday rather thaif to-day. I will state now
what I propose for to-day. Many gentlemen,
especially those residing_ at points conveniently
accessible from the capital, have begged that
there may be no meeting for business to-night.
I wish, therefore, to submit a proposition that
to-day's session be extended till half past five
o! clock instead of half past four, and that we
have no session to-night. If this be agreed to
I shall endeavor to have the House go into the
Committee of the Whole immediately after the
morning hour. I think that on Monday this
proposed reception might conveniently take
^ The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
proposition first. The gentleman from Ohio
asks that the session of the House to-day shall
be extended to half past five o'clock and no
recess taken for an evening session. Is there
objection?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Say five o'clock.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not think it is too
much to ask one hour for the three hours of
the evening session; but I will make it five
o'clock.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest
that Tuesday will be a better day. The invi-
tation must be tendered and accepted before
notice can be given to the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well; say Tuesday.
Mr. GARFIELD. It will be impossible to
fix a day now, when we do not know whether
they will accept or not.
I'lie SPEAKER. The Chair will extend an
invitation for Tuesday after the morning hour.
Mr. CULLOM. I suggest three o'clock.
We can then do some business before the recep-
tion.
Mr. PRICE. I suggest ten o'clock, and then
it will not interfere with business.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Eleven o'clock would
be better.
Mr. SCHENCK. I accept the latter sugges-
tion, as I think it is the best.
The SPEAKER. The Chairwill extend the
invitation then for eleven o'clock on Tuesday
morning.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
D. II. BHU3U.
Mr. PERHAM. I am instructed by the
Committee on Invalid Pensions to report back
the petition of D. H. Brush, of Jackson county,
Illinois, and to move that it be laid upon the
table. And as it is one of a large class of cases
before the committee, I will make a statement
for the information of the House. A Very large
number of soldiers disappeared during the war,
and it has been lo-md impossible to make proofs
of their death. Applications for pensions made
to the pension department have been rejected
on that account. The last heard of many was
that they were in rebel prisons ; of others that
! they were upon the field of battle, and of others
j that they were in hospitals. The pension de-
i partment have recently established a rule that
it shall be held sufficient if proof can be made
that the soldier disappeared under circum-
stances which would lead to the presumption
of his death, and that he has not been heard of
for two years.
