1882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
whom such application shall bo mad© shall forthwith
award a writ of habeas eorpus, unless it shall appear
from tho petition itself that the party is not deprived
of his or her liberty in contravention of the Consti-
tution or laws of the United States."
It further provides:
"Tho said court or judge shall procoed in a sum-
mary way to determine the facts of the case by hear-
ing testimony and the arguments of the parties in-
terested ; and if it shall appear that the petitioner is
deprived of his or her liberty in contravention of the
Constitution or laws of the United States he or she
shall forthwith be discharged and sot at liberty."
And it provides further—and this is the im-
portant part repealed by the amendment of the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson:]
"From the final decision of any judge, justice, or
court, inferior to the circuit court, an appeal may
be taken to the circuit court of the United States for
the district in which said cause is heard, and from
the judgment of said circuit court to the Supreme
Court of the United States, on such terms and under
such regulations and ordars, as well for the custody
and appearance of the person alleged to be restrained
of his or her liberty as for sending up to the appel-
late tribunal a transcript of the petition, writ of
habeas corpus, return thereto, and other proceedings,
as may be prescribed by tho Supreme Court, or, in
default of suoh, as the j udge hearing said cause may
presoribe."
It is well known to this House and to the
country that it was under this provision of the
act of February 5,1867, that the MeCardle ease
has arisen and is now pending before the Su-
preme Court ofthe United States. Itis now very
plain that the object of the amendment intro-
duced by the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wil-
son] was to repeal the jurisdiction of the Su-
preme Court in such cases. It was, doubtless,
intended to operate upon the very case which
is now pending before the Supreme Court and
which has been argued by counsel and sub-
mitted; forthe amendment expressly relates to
appeals which have been taken, as well as those
which may hereafter be taken in such cases.
This House, and especially the minority,were
disarmed by the remarks with which the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] prefaced the
introduction of the bill. After we had been
told by the gentleman who had charge of the
bill that there could possibly be no objection
to it, that it related only to revenue officers;
and after the House had been asked, as a mat-
ter of courtesy, to allow it to be introduced for
action at that time, we had reason to think
that he would not accept as an amendment to
that bill that which was not germane to its
subject-matter, which related to an entirely dif-
ferent thing, and which the gentleman must
have known, if he understood the nature of the
amendment, would never have been suffered to
pass without objection if its real character had
been explained. The gentleman must have
known it would not have passed without objec-
tion if, by the title of the bill, by the subject-
matter of the bill, and by the remarks of the
gentleman by which its introduction was pre-
faced, we had not been given to understand
that it was a matter which related entirely to
appeals to the Supreme Court in the cases of
revenue officers, and that it was not intended
to apply to anything else.
Mr. BLAINE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BOYER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BLAINE. Was the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Boyer] in his seat when the
amendment was offered by the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Wilsok?]
Mr. BOYER. I was in my seat when the
amendment was offered by the gentleman from
Iowa.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman says it was
not germane. Was it in the power ofthe chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
[Mr. Schenck] to have made it in order by ob-
jecting to it ? Why did not the gentleman him-
self object to it?
Mr. BOYER. I will answer the gentleman.
But I will first read the forty-eighth rule of this
Ho'ise, which says:
"No motion or proposition on a subject different
from that under consideration shall be admitted un-
der color of amendment."
Mr. BLAI NE. Why did not the gentleman
raise that point of order at the time the amend-
ment was offered ?
Mr. BOYER. I did not raise the point of
order, because I did not expect, after what
had transpired, that any amendment which
would not be in order, or which would be en-
tirely different from the spirit and meaning of
the bill itself would come from such a source
as the honorable gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Wilson,] the distinguished chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary, who enjoys in a
high degree the respect of this House as well
of the minority as the majority.
Mr. BLAINE. I appreciate the gentleman's
position; but it would appear from his own
statement that gentlemen on the side of the
House of which he is a prominent member,
did not comprehend, were not wide enough
awake to see the point and bearing of the pro-
position, though it was read in their hearing,
and now three days afterward they wake up.
That is the whole of it.
Mr. BOYER. I do not yield for a speech,
but I am glad that the gentleman has made
these remarks. I have already said that the
minority were disarmed by the manner in which
this measure was introduced. I admit that,
occupied by other matters, and trusting to the
good faith of the gentleman who introduced
this matter into the House, the minority never
suspected that in that way the majority would
attempt to affect their escape from what they
must believe to be a pending judgment of con-
demnation against them at the hands of the
highest judicial tribunal of the land. It must
be because they fear that their acts of legisla-
tion have been unconstitutional; it must be
because they are afraid to submit them to the
test of judicial inquiry that, in that covert way,
by artful approaches and by disguises not easily
seen through at the moment, a measure was
smuggled through, which, if it produces the
effect for which it was intended, will, perhaps,
prevent the constitutionality of the reconstruc-
tion acts from being tested in the manner in
which the question is now being tested in the
MeCardle case, now pending before the Su-
preme Court of the country. It must proceed,
therefore, from a consciousness oil the part of
the majority that their acts are illegal and out-
side of the Constitution that they feel com-
pelled to resort to the passage of such an act
as the one I have described.
But if the majority in this House were deter-
mined to pass such an act as that to escape
from the judgment ofthe court it would have
been more worthy in them to have done it
openly. It would have been more manly to
have introduced it in such a way that it might
have been fairly discussed; and then, if by
overwhelming numbers they had power enough
to pass an act for the purpose of obstructing
the administration of justice they could still
have insisted upon it. What I take occasion
especially to complain of is the manner in
which the attempt was so successfully made
to disarm the suspicions of the minority by an
appearance of fair dealing. This much is due
to the minority, who, I admit, were not "wide
enough awake," using the language of the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Blaine,] to an-
ticipate that there would come from such a
source and in such a manner anything so en-
tirely different from what they had been led to
expect by the nature of the introduction ofthe
bill and the remarks by which it was accom-
panied.
Mr. BLAINE. I would like to ask the
gentleman another question. He characterizes
this as an ''illegal" proceeding. The gen-
tleman, who is a good lawyer, will allow me,
not a lawyer at all, to put to him this ques-
tion: The Supreme Court of the United
States obtained jurisdiction of a certain class
of cases by an act of Congress passed about a
year ago. Was that illegal?
Mr. BOYER. The gentleman entirely mis-
interprets my language when he says that I
characterized this as an "illegal" transaction.
I admit that whatever fraud there may be in
this case is not punishable at law. I admit
that the act, although passed as it has been,
cannot therefore be vitiated as an act of legis-
lation. What I condemn particularly is not
the illegality of the transaction, but the man-
ner in which the measure was foisted upon
us, and so made a law without resistance and
without debate. I say that such a proceeding
was not consistent with the courage usually dis-
played by the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Blaine] himself, and I will add by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schekck,] and the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.] What
is done in this House upon important matters
like that should be done courageously, in a
manly way, in open debate, with fair notice.
Y our numbers surely are overwhelming enough.
Can you not rely upon them without resorting
to devices of this description in your assaults
upon the judiciary of the country ?
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman uses the
word '' fraud.'' Will he please explain wherein
he imagines there bps been any fraud?
Mr. BOYER. Upon that point I have no
further explanation to offer than what I have
already said.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Will
my colleague allow me tto ask a question ? I
desire to do it on account of the absence of
my colleague on the Judiciary Committee, the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. BOYER. I will yield for a question.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Iunder-
stood my colleague [Mr. Boyer] to say—-per-
haps 1 was mistaken in so understanding him—
that the gentleman from Iowa, in the presenta-
tion of this amendment, had acted in bad faith
and had introduced it in such a way as was
calculated to mislead the House. Now, my
recollection is, if the gentleman will allow
me 
Mr. BOYER. I do not yield any further.
I have no explanation to make. What I have
said, I have said, and in the manner in which
I have said it I am willing to allow it to remain.
The manner in which we were misled I have
already explained. It is not necessary for me
to go over the ground again.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. The
gentleman says he was misled by the way in
which the amendment was introduced. My
recollection is there was nothing said upon its
introduction by the gentleman who offered it,
but all that was said was by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] and was in relation to
the bill as it stood just as it can''} on our
tables without any amendment.
Mr. BOYER. Exactly; but I will ask the
gentleman thisquestion, whether, if he had in-
troduced the bill and had prefaced it with the
remarks which were made by the gentleman
from Ohio, and he had afterward knowingly
acepted an amendment which was not ger-
mane to the bill, or which was of a character
that he knew would be most obnoxious to the
minority of this House, he would have let his
remarks stand without further explanation?
Recollect, I do not expressly charge the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] with know-
ingly permitting an amendment of this charac-
ter to be made; that is, with knowing its
nature and effect. But I say this, that it
would be contrary to all the experience we
have ever had in regard to that gentleman's
astuteness and business character to suppose
that he would allow an important amendment
to be made to a bill which he had in charge
of the nature of which amendment he knew
nothing beforehand.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Then,
if I understand the gentleman, he makes the
charge of bad faith against the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] who is here and
can take care of himself.
Mr. BOYER. The gentleman cannot put
words in my mouth. What I have said I am
responsible for. I have said it without any
personal malice toward anybody—certainly
without any ill feeling toward the gentleman
from Ohio, for whom 1 have always entertained
a very high regard, or toward the gentleman
from Iowa, for whom 1 have always enter-
tained an equal regard. But what 1 have said
I considered due to the minority in this House,
