1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1883
#ho suffered this measure to pass without ob-
jection, and due to the country in order that it
may know by what means the majority in this
House think it necessary to sustain themselves
in their unconstitutional acts of usurpation.
Mr. ALLISON. Will the gentleman yield
for a question ?
Mr. BOYER. Yes, sir, if I have time to
answer. My time is about out.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man has one minute left.
Mr. BOYER. Then I cannot yield.
Mr. KERR. I rise to take the floor, but
not to say anything on this subject. I have no
desire to go on to-day.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 ask the gentleman, then,
to yield to me five or ten minutes, to reply
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Boyer.] «
Mr. KERR. Not wishing to proceed with
my remarks to-day, I am willing to yield, pro-
vided I retain my right to the floor when the
House adjourns.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] will be entitled
to the floor if the House adjourns.
Mr. KERR. That, is all 1 desire. With
that understanding I yield to the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Bi.air.]
Mr. BLAIR. And 1 yield it to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Schenok.]
Mr. SCHEN OK. 1 do not propose to occupy
many minutes. I was called in from my com-
mittee-room while engaged with public busi-
ness a few moments ago, and fonnd the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Boyeii] com-
menting upon legislation which took place
some two days ago in this Hall. His com-
mentary upon that legislation assumes two
aspects ; it divides itself into two proposi-
tions. In one of them he undertakes directly
or by implication to impute fraud to members
of this House in the majority, but more par-
ticularly, perhaps, to the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Wilson,] the chairman of the Commit-
lee on the Judiciary, who offered an amend-
ment to a bill which was then pending and
which passed the House, and to myself, who
introduced the bill to which the amendment
was offered, in the manner in which that legis-
lation was carried through.
I do not intend to answer any charge of fraud
made by that gentleman or any one else. I
shall be far gone, indeed, when 1 find it neces-
sary to go over to that side of the House to
learn lessons of propriety, of fairness, of man-
liness, and of honor in legislation.
The other branch of the proposition as sub-
mitted by the gentleman seems to be in the na-
ture of an apology for himself and those who
constitute the minority in this House to their
constituents for not having been awake and
watching and observing the course of legisla-
tion, so that something which they disapprove
has passed and, so far as the action of this House
is concerned, become a law. It is not for me
to interfere between them and their constitu-
ents.
Now, what are the facts upon which IhegeH-
tleman proceeds to present these views ? There
was a bill which came from the Senate relating
to appeals or writs of error to be taken to the
Supreme Court of the United States in cases
where officers of internal revenue were con-
cerned, placing them upon the same footing as
officers of the customs in regard to such appeals
and writs of error. I desired that that bill
should pass, and upon my motion it was taken
from the table and I explained it. Here is
your record—I do not know how fully the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania may have brought it
to the attention of the House—the reported
proceedings of this House, showing what took
place on that occasion. Does the gentleman
pretend to say that in any particular whatever,
when I stated the character of that bill, I in
the slightest degree misrepresented it?
Mr. BOYER. No, sir; I did not say the
gentleman had misrepresented the bill as it
then stood at all.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well; then the of-
fense did not begin there. I stated the bill
fairly, its nature and character, and on my
statement of it, after some delay in the en-
deavor to bring itto the attention of the House,
sufficient to waken up the sleepiest here, it was
taken from the table for consideration and was
made the subject of action.
Thus far, then, the gentleman and I are
agreed. What next? Unanimous consent
having been given for the consideration of the
bill, pending its consideration when it was
thus brought before the House, the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary asked me
if I would yield for the purpose of enabling
him to offer an amendment—not a very un-
usual proceeding in any case where a bill is
under consideration ; and in order that I may
be correct about this matter I will read from
the record itself as given to us by the reporters
for the Globe:
" Mr. Wilson, of Iowa. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schknck] yield to me to offer an amend-
ment to this bill?
" Mr. Schenck. I will hear the amendment.
"Mr. Wilson, of Iowa. Idesire to move to amend
the bill by adding to it the following."
And here there does not appear in the record
what the gentleman knows took place, that
instead of the gentleman from Iowa reading
it himself, that amendment was sent to the
Clerk's desk and r"ead in the hearing of the
House audibly and distinctly by the Clerk.
What is the character of the amendment? One
which the gentleman says takes away the juris-
diction of the Supreme Court in the McCardle
case and like cases, and which they were
entrapped into letting pass.
Mr. BOYER. The gentleman will allow me
to correct him. I did not say it took away the
jurisdiction of the Supreme Court.
Mr. SCHENCK. What then ?
Mr. BOYER. I said that it was intended
to take away that jurisdiction.
Mr. SCHENCK. One, then, which the gen-
tleman construes as being intended for that
purpose. When I heard that amendment I
understood, I thought, perfectly well what its
effect would be, and I do not know whether
there would be any difference of opinion be-
tween the gentleman and myself as to its effect.
I liked the amendment. I believed it was a
good one. I believed it was perfectly germane
to the bill, and, with due deference to the opin-
ion of gentlemen upon the subject of its perti-
nency to the other matter in the bill, I say I
can have very little respect for the parliamen-
tary knowledge of any man who will say that
an extension of the bill to other matters affect-
ing the jurisdiction of the courts of the United
States upon the subject of appeals was not ger-
mane to one which already provided in its very
language for and concerning such jurisdiction.
I believed it to be germane, and, it being pre-
sented and distinctly understood, what did I
say?
VYhy, what the gentleman perhaps would not
have said, that I was willing the amendment
should be received; but I did not attempt to
accept it—I had no power to do so—as a mod-
ification of the bill. I only consented to with-
draw the previous question or refrain from
demanding the previous question, in order to
let in the amendment, that it might be voted
upon by the House, and then I demanded the
previous question on the bill and amendment.
But still, the gentleman says, lie slept on ; and
his friends around him—vigilant watch-dogs
on the walls of liberty, [laughter,] and always
guarding the Constitution—did not observe it.
And this he says was a trick, was a fraud prac-
ticed upon them. Now, I would not make a
confession of that kind if I were the gentle-
man. I should be afraid if I were he of being
held to account by my constituents. And, sir,
I can hardly credit that as an excuse.
When I remember that gentlemen upon the
other side profess to be the peculiar guardians
of the Constitution; when I remember that
they claim, whenever the Supreme Court or
any of the other courts of the United States
are alluded to in any legislation here, it is
their business to take care that nothing is done
which shall in any way curtail or affect the
power of those courts, I must conclude thai
the gentlemen who at the time listened to this
amendment—for some of them at least heard
it; they were not all asleep-—did not see in it
what the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Boyer] thinks he now discovers in it. And
if that be so, if they now regard it and dbn-
strue it differently, it is not for me to raise
any question either about their obtuseness
then or about their late awakening to a dis-
covery which they were not then capable of
making.
But I do not wish to screen myself behind
any pretense upon my part that I did not ap-
prehend the amendment that was read, that I
did not have an understanding at least of
what I supposed would be its effect. I con-
sented that the House might have an opportu-
nity of voting upon that proposition as an
amendment to the bill before voting upon the
bill itself because I was glad an amendment
of that kind had been offered and hoped it
would become law.
Mr. BOYER. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question at this point ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. BOYER. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether when he heard that amendment read
from the Clerk's desk, that was the first time
that he had heard it read, or whether he had
himself read it before, or knew before it was
read by the Clerk that it was about to be of-
fered ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Disclaiming by any ad-
mission upon my part that I am bound to be
catechized by the gentleman, because I do not
admit his right to cross-question me, as I do not
attempt to cross-question him, for I am not in
the habit of interrupting gentlemen, I will be
frank on my own account, and not because I
recognize any such right, I never had heard the
amendment read ; I never had seen it. But I
did hear, the moment before it was offered, that
a good thing to accomplish a good object, just
such an object as was accomplished, might be
obtained by putting an amendment upon that
bill, and I was glad to have an opportunity of
hearing such an amendment read, and was not
so stupid but that I could see as soon as it was
read what the object was, and to give it, as I
did, my hearty concurrence.
Mr. BOYER. I thank the gentleman, and
I think the country will thank him, for this con-
fession.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am not afraid of the
country not thanking me. The gentleman
has alluded to the Supreme Court and to its
jurisdiction, which he thinks it was the inten-
tion of this amendment to affect, as applied to
the McCardle case, and a conspiracy to under-
mine and destroy that court.
Sir, I have lost confidence in the majority of
the Supreme Court of the United States. Is
not that plain enough ? I believe that they
usurp power whenever they dare to undertake
to settle questions purely political, in regard to
the status of States, and the manner in which
those States are to be held subject to the law-
making power. And if I find them abusing
that power by attempting to arrogate to them-
selves jurisdiction under any statute that hap-
pens to bo upon the record; from which they
claim to derive that jurisdiction, and I can
take it away from them by a repeal of that
statute, I will do it. Is there any indistinct-
ness in that?
Mr. BOYER. That is very manly and
courageous.
Mr. SCHENCK. Now, I hold that the
Supreme Court of the United States, arro-
gating to themselves the pretension to settle
not merely judicial but political questions, and
trampling upon the principle of the decision
made in the case of the Dorr rebellion, and
upon every other decision of that kind, are,
the majority of them, proceeding step by step
to the usurpation of jurisdiction which does
not belong to them. And I hold it to be riot
only my right but my duty, as a Representa-
tive of the people, to clip the wings of that
