1868.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3®
40th Cd.su .... 2d Sess.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Pruyn.
Ho. op Reps.
that the treaty is the law of the land. It
amounts to substantially the same thing; or
look at in another point of view and consider
it, as many do, as indicating that it is to be con-
sidered as "supreme" only with reference to
State legislation; that is, that the judges in
every State shall be bound thereby, anything
in the laws or constitution of any State to the
contrary notwithstanding. It matters not which
view you take the fact remains that a treaty is
a law—a law made by the President and Sen-
ate, and just as much a law under the Consti-
tution as any statute duly passed by the Senate
and House of Representatives and approved by
the President. The mode of making a treaty
has been already pointed out. It is to be
made by the President by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate. It is a treaty on
the part of the United States. The President
and the Senate do not make it for themselves
individually. It is made for the country, and
in the name of the country. The criticism we
have heard on this point it seems to mo has no
good foundation, and it is not to be regarded.
The great difficulty with certain gentlemen
who oppose this treaty, or rather who claim
that the House of Representatives can look at
it in the same manner that Senators look at it
when it is submitted to them, seems to be that
they suppose that inasmuch as the law-making
power has been confided to them for certain
purposes that no law can be made for any
purpose unless the House is consulted. But
the power of the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to make
treaties which are declared to be the supreme
law of the land is just as full and ample as the
power given to the House of Representatives
and the Senate to pass laws which, when ap-
proved by the President, or by two thirds of
each House, if ho vetoes them, shall become
effectual.
It is asked: is, then, this treaty-making
power an absolute, unlimited power? Gentle-
men seem to be very much alarmed on this
point; they say if you once recognize this power
in the President and Senate you in faet dis-
pense with this House ; anything and every-
thing can be done under the treaty-making
power. But this is not so ; no person looking
at this subject carefully can claim that there is
any such broad, unlimited, irresponsible power
given to the President and the Senate. What
the authority is, what the limits are, of the
treaty-making power are so clearly defined by
the law of nations and by the effect and oper-
ation of the Constitution itself, that it is not to
be supposed for a moment that it would under-
take to depart from those well-established and
well-settled principles which regulate and con-
trol it, and if these principles were violated the
result would simply be that the treaty would
be held to be unconstitutional, just the same
as if it were an act of Congress or of a State
Legislature in conflict with the fundamental
principles of that instrument. We are not to
suppose that any one department of the Gov-
ernment will violate its obligations and duties
at the expense of the others.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I should like to ask
the gentleman a question.
Mr. PRUYN. I will yieldfor that purpose.
Mr. LO UGHRIDGE. I would like to ask
the gentleman to point out what there is in the
Constitution of the United States making a
treaty superior in binding obligation to a law
of Congress?
Mr. PRUYN. I do not claim that there is
anything, but that opens quite another field
for discussion involving the question of con-
tract, and also what the effect of a treaty may
he with regard to past legislation, and the
further question, whether a law of Congress
can in any way operate upon an existing
treaty. These questions I might discuss if
time permitted me to do so ; but I cannot.
Gentlemen inquire what can this House do ?
If this treaty-making power is absolute in the
President and Senate, we are bound hand and
foot, they say, and can simply carry out then-
decree. This is a great error. Let us look
at the matter. In the first place, the House
can inquire into the constitutionality of a
treaty; whether the treaty-making powers have
acted within the limits of their authority under
the Constitution in making the treaty which
may be in question. This is a broad consid-
eration to begin with. I believe it is no longer
questioned that we may acquire territory by
treaty. It was so held in the Louisiana case,
in the Florida case, in the California case, and
in the Gadsden purchase ; and it may be looked
upon as the settled practice of the Government.
The question of power notcomingup in this
case I may go on to say that we may look at
a treaty in other points of view. Was any
fraud or force or undue influence used?
Were any misrepresentations made? None of
these tilings are pretended in this case, while
any of them if charged might properly be in-
quired into by this House.
It is only said that in view of the character
of the country acquired by the negotiation, and
ill view, also, of the situation of our Treasury,
this treaty was an unwise one. Well, sir, that
may be so, and it may not. I admit that our
debt is a very large one, and I agree with my
friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. BoYER,]who
addressed the committee this evening, that it
is not desirable to increase it. And although
he admitted that, considering the question in-
volved, $7,000,000 in gold, or $10,000,000 in
currency, is not a very great amount, yet 1
would not engage to pay that or any other sum
for what might be considered not worth it if I
had the right to pass upon that question.
But I look upon this matter as one of national
honor and good faith. The parties designated
by our Constitution for the purpose of making
treaties, known to the world as such, have
made this contract as the representatives of
the people of the United States. The people
saw fitrin forming their Constitution to give to
the President and Senate the power to make
treaties, and we are bound by their acts. It is
our duty to preserve the faith and honor of the
nation untarnished, and to pay this amount of
money without further delay.
And in doing this we are not the mere instru-
ments to carry out the provisions of a treaty
made by the President and Senate, without
reference to what those provisions are. We
have an undoubted right to look at them in the
several respects I have already mentioned ;
but when they are all unquestioned, as in this
case, there should be no hesitation on our part
in doing our duty.
Take, by way of illustration, the case of
public officers—the President, the judges, the
heads of Departments, members of Congress,
and others. Certain salaries are attached to
their respective offices by statutes heretofore
passed and which are the laws of the land. We
may refuse to vote the money to pay those sala-
ries; but it would be a refusal grounded merely
upon the possession of the arbitrary power
which we possess over the Treasury. It would
not be a refusal founded in good faith or on
valid reasons, but simply upon the fact that we
can sit here and refuse to legislate upon any
subject within our jurisdiction. And the ques-
tion is, Will this House place itself in that posi-
tion before the world as to this treaty? I trust
not.
How else, in what other way, could we have
acquired this territory? Suppose that Con-
gress had in advance passed a resolution re-
questing the President to open a negotiation
for this purpose; that probably would have
defeated the very end and object in view. But
after all they could not have fixed the price.
Who were the parties to agree upon it? The
emperor of Russia, of course, on the one side,
and the President and the Senate on the other;
and they, with full power to do so, agreed upon
the amount in good fait.h and in perfect integ-
rity on both sides. It remains for Congress to
do its duty and to pay the obligation thus
incurred without hesitation and without, delay.
If, however, we are to look into this matter
in the way claimed by some gentlemen ; if we
are to determine whether the sum named is a
fair price or not, whether it is desirable to
acquire Alaska by treaty or not, we become to
all intents and purposes a part of the treaty-
making power, and to just that extent we seek
to diminish the constitutional power of the
President and the Senate.
For one, as a member of this Hciuse, I am
glad that the power is lodged with the Presi-
dent and the Senate. I have -no feeling of
jealousy in regard to it. On the contrary, I
am very glad that the responsibility for such
matters is placed where it is, and not with this
House, except to the limited extent I have
already mentioned.
The difficulty about this matter has arisen
in a great measure from what occurred in'the
Congress of 1790 in regard to the legislation
necessary under .Tay's treaty. In that case
Mr. Livingston offered a resolution requesting
the President to communicate to the House
the correspondence and papers connected with
the negotiation. Pending the' discussion of
the resolution the mover, finding that this
request was too broad, added to the resolution
a proviso in nearly the usual form, "except-
ing such of said papers as any existing negoti-
ation may render improper to be disclosed."
A very long and very able debate followed,
and the resolution was finally passed by a vote
of 02 to 87. Many of the minority, as Mr.
Madison said, admitted the right, but opposed
the exercise of it in that case.
General Washington, for reasons which have
been to a very great extent misunderstood,
declined to accedcto the request of the House,
not, I will say briefly, from any unwillingness
that the House should have the information,
for he stated in his message that he had sent
the papers to the Senate at the time the treaty
was placed before that body, but from the fact
that the discussions of the House showed that
the resolution passed their body under the
claim by many of the members of arighttothe
information, which claim of right he ques-
tioned, and gave his reasons fordoing so. Not-
withstanding the objections to the treaty, the
resolution to bring m the bill to carry out its
provisions was carried by a vote of 61 to 48,
and everything necessary in the way of legisla-
tion, in order to comply with the treaty, was
finally had.
But we must bear in mind, Mr. Chairman,
that the objections raised to Jay's treaty were
not occasioned wholly by the provisions of the
treaty itself. The conduct of Great Britain in
retaining possession of the military posts on
our frontiers notwithstanding the provision of
the treaty of 1783 that she should surrender
them, and her persistence in making reprisals,
had led Congress and President Washington to
doubt to some extent the good faith of that
Government in making the treaty, so much so
that the President withheld the exchange of
ratifications for some three months. Besides
this the bitterness occasioned by the war, which
had only closed a few years before, still re-
mained to some extent in the public mind. All
these considerations influenced Congress in the
discussion of the treaty to which I have referred
A debate took place on the President's
message, during which Fisher Ames made the
great speech which did more, perhaps, to estab-
lish his reputation as the first orator of the
country than any of his other efforts. I ani
sorry that I cannot call the attention of the
House to it at length; but will presently tead
one or two extracts from it. The discussion
took place on a resolution offered by Mr,
Blount, of North Carolina, which was as fol-
lows :
"Resolved, Thatitbeingdeolaredbj- thesccondsec-
, tion of the seeozul article ot the Coiidtituuuii that
