1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3931
testimony taken again of Lieutenant Colonel
Harnden ; and newand enlarged affidavits again
made and filed by Orson P. Clinton and J. J.
Aplin, and an original affidavit of George L.
Wright, all of the said first Wisconsin cavalry,
being all, except Wright, the identical persons
whose reports and affidavits were filed before
the said commission, on behalf of the said
first Wisconsin cavalry regiment, and which
will be fbund in Senate Executive Document
No. 64, first session Thirty-Ninth Congress;
and being, therefore, only a restatement, with
additions, as they might deem proper, of the
evidence in support of their claim. But the
committee did not see proper, or did not have
time, to call upon or examine further any of
the officers or men of the fourth Michigan
cavalry, or to call for their evidence before the
commission ; and, in that respect the evidence
in said House Miscellaneous Document No.
82, second session Thirty-Ninth Congress, if,
perhaps, we except General Wilson's new
report and statement, is entirely ex parte,.
I am not aware that any additional testi-
mony has been taken in this case by the Com-
mittee of Claims of this Fortieth Congress,
though one or two official reports may have
been referred to them; and 1 have also pre-
sented in the House and had referred to them
the affidavit of Lieutenant J. G. Dickinson,
adjutant of the fourth Michigan cavalry, who
was. present at the capture, and who is par-
ticularly referred to by General Wilson in his
report of January 17, 18G7. (See House Mis.
Doc. No. 82, second session Thirty-Ninth
Congress, p. 11.)
This sketch or history of the proceedings in
this case, with references to the documents
where the evidence is to be found, and sug-
gestions as to the circumstances under which
it was taken, has been deemed necessary to
facilitate its examination and to lead to a proper
understanding of its merits. The claim of the
fourth Michigan cavalry has once been favor-
ably reported on by the commission appointed
by the War Department, and approved by the
Secretary; and subsequently a bill to carry
out said award has once been reported by a
former committee of this House, while by the
same commission the claim of the first Wis-
consin regiment has once been rejected. The
claim presents itself in two aspects, first be-
fore the commission, and, secondly, before this
House. Before the commision, and in the
first session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, the
parlies claiming the reward were comprised
in the fourth Michigan and first Wisconsin
cavalry.
Now, the parties claimants are more numer-
ous, but in each instance Lieutenant Colonel
Harnden and the witnesses he brings with him
have unwisely, as it seems to me, seen fit in
presenting their claim on behalf of the first
Wisconsin cavalry to assail the honor of Lieu-
tenant Colonel Pritchard, as if acknowledging
that, without makinggood their charges against
him, their claim had no just foundation. The
aforesaid commission appointed by the Secre-
tary of War to examine and determine upon the
evidence, the merits of the respective claims,
in their report to the Secretary announcing their
finding, use this language in giving their con-
clusion upon the evidence before them, ex-
pressly referring therein to these charges made
by Colonel Harnden:
" The arrest of th is chief traitor was effected on May
10 last, near Irwinsville, Georgia, by the fourth Mich-
igan cavalry regiment, under the command of Lieu-
tenant Colonel B. D. Pritchard, who started upon the
pursuit with his command, from Macon, Georgia., on
May 7. 'ihe reward in this ca=e, however, is also
claimed by Lieutenant Colonel Henry Harnden, who,
with his regiment, the first Wisconsin cavalry, also
engaged in the pursuit, a.rrived upon the ground but h
a few minutes after thecommand of Colon el Pi itchai d ;!
had taken possession of the camp of Davis. Without i
discussing "at length the charges which have been
made by Colonel Harnden in regard to the course
adopted by Culonel Piitchard upon this pursuit, it
will be sufficient to observe that, upon a careful con-
sideration of all the evidence these charges arenot
deemed to be sustained in any particulai; and it is
concluded by the undersigned that the latter omcer,
both in the pursuit and the capture, noted in entire
good faith toward the former, and cannot be held !
responsible for the momentary unfuitunate collision
which took place^ between the two commands.
'Ihe charges in question not being sur-tained, it
must be held that the regiment or detachment of Col-
onel Pritchard were the actual captor--, and that itis
among the officers and men whoconstituted such de-
tachment that the specific reward for the "arrest" of
Davis is to be divided.
" At the same time itis proper to bear testimony to
the valuable services upon this occasion of the first
vv lsconsin cavalry and its commander, and to note
that, while the Michigan regiment is deemed under
the_ terms of the offer to be entitled to the reward, the
activity andzeal displayed in the pursuit by the other
must commend it to a hardly less honorable mention
than its more fortunate ally."
This finding having been approved by the
Secretary of War, the said claim and charges
restated are now pressed by Colonel Harnden
and his friends as if in the nature of an appeal
from that decision, and to Colonel Pritchard
and the fourth Michigan cavalry it becomes a
matter of far higher and more important con-
sideration than any mere pecuniary reward.
The report of the Committee of Claims
accompanying their present bill, after quoting
the aforesaid testimony and report of General
Wilson of January 17, 1867, and also the last
statement of Colonel Harnden on oath, made
29th January, 18G7, before the Committee of
Claims ofthe Thirty-Ninth Congress, and giving
an extract from the report of General Thomas
of June 1, 18G8, (probably 18G5,) makes this
extraordinary statement, namely:
"From this testimony may bo gathered the facts of
the capture of Jefferson Davis and the merits of the
contest between the fourth Michigan and first Wis-
consin regiments. That eontestwas one of trucchiv-
alry, in which both parties rendered the most honor-
ablo service in the field, and it ought not, in the
opinion of the committee, to bo now degraded in to a
controversy for the pecuniary reward."
The report then refers to affidavits of Lieu-
tenant Clinton and privates Apiin and Wright,
of Colonel Harnden's regiment, but gives no
extracts from, and makes no reference to the
report or affidavits of any officer or private of
the fourth Michigan cavalry in regard to the
capture, nor even to the prior reports or rec-
ommendations of either General AVilson or
Colonel Harnden, so that the facts, according
to the report of the committee in regard to the
contest between the fourth Michigan and first
Wisconsin cavalry, are to be gathered entirely
from the ex parte statements of the officers and
men of the first Wisconsin cavalry, and the last
statement of General Wilson, after he had been
apparently importnned to make some further
declaration to favor Colonel llarnden's cause ;
but the statements of the officers and men
of the fourth Michigan regiment apparently
are not deemed worthy of notice or even of
mention in the case. 1 have too high an opin-
ion of the committee, and especially of the
gentleman who made the report, to believe that
this omission was intentional, but it is so re-
markable that I must conclude that the reports
and affidavits of the officers and men of the
fourth Michigan regiment must have been by
some mistake overlooked or forgotten, fort! ey
contain some statements totally at variance
with the testimony of Colonel Harnden, and
somewhat seriously affecting the "merits" of
what the report styles the "contest" between
said regiments.
As the committee in their report quote from
the finding and award made by Assistant Ad-
jutant General Townsend and Judge Advocate
General Holt, the commission appointed by
the Secretary of Wrar to examine and determ-
ine the respective claims forthe reward offered
for the capture of Jefferson Davis, and as they
in effect overrule and set aside the same in
their report and bill it is fair to presume that
they have examined all the evidence upon
which the award of said commission was made.
That evidence will be found in Senate Execu-
tive Document No. 64, first session Thirty-
Ninth Congress, communicated by letter from
the Secretary of War, April 30, 1866, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate calling
upon him for such evidence, and is comprised
in the following list, given at the commence-
ment of said communication:
1. Report of General J. H. Wilson, dated
May in, lb'ti-5.
2. Eeport of Colonel Minty, dated May 18,
18G5.
3. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Harnden,
first Wisconsin Cavalry, dated May 13, with
indorsements.
4. List of officers and men of the first Wis-
consin cavalry reported as engaged in the
pursuit.
5. Report of Captain Hathaway, fourth
Michigan cavalry, dated May 15, 1865.
6. List of officers and men of the fourth
Michigan cavalry reported as actually present
at the capture.
8. Lieutenant Colonel Pritchard's report,
dated May 25, 1865.
9. Brevet Brigadier General Minty's letter
of July G, 18G5, forwarding report of Lieuten-
ant Colonel Pritchard, dated July 2,1865, with
two inclosures.
11. Supplemental report, of Lieutenant Col-
onel Harnden, sworn to December 11, 1865,
with inclosures.
12. Copy of proclamation by the President
of May 2, 18G5, offering reward for the appre-
hension of Jefferson Davis and others.
Copies of the said report of General Wilson,
with that of Captain Hathaway, Lieutenant
Colonel Harnden, and Colonel Minty, with the
indorsements thereon, as transmitted by Gen-
eral Wilson, are also continued in Senate Ex-
ecu tive Document No. 18, second session Thirty-
Ninth Congress, communicated by the Secre-
tary of War, January 31, 1807, in obedience
to a resolution of the Senate. Yet, notwith-
standing the report of the committee accom-
panying, this bill overrules and sets aside the
finding and award of this commission. It does
not once allude to the aforesaid evidence on
which it was founded, or any part thereof, but
bases its conclusions wholly, as would seem,
so far as the fourth Michigan and first Wiscon-
sin cavalry are concerned, upon the subsequent
statements of General Wilson and Colonel Harn-
den, in Miscellaneous DocumentNo. 82,with the
exception ofthe brief reference to the report of
Geneial Thomas; and it would seem as if the
evidence on the part of the fourth Michigan
cavalry had never been seen by the committee,
or had been wholly overlooked and ignored,
and even the sworn statement of Lieutenant
Dickinson, of the fourth Michigan cavalry,
which gives a full statement of the transaction,
and particularly ofthe interview between Lieu-
tenant. Colonel Harnden and Lieutenant Col-
onel Pritchard, at Abbeville, and which was
presented by me and referred to the committee
on the 18th of December, 1867, seems also
wholly to have escaped the attention of the
committee or to have been considered imma-
terial and unworthy of notice.
As Lieutenant Dickinson's statement of the
capture of Jefferson Davis has never been
printed, and as it contains some matters which
1 deem material and pertinent, and as contro-
verting some of the statements contained in the
first report of Colonel Harnden, and also in
his sworn statement of December 11, 1865,
filed before the commission, and in the affida-
vits accompanying the same, I will now send
it to the Clerk to have it read.
The Clerk read as follows :
State of Michigan, County of 'SYo.ync, ee:
Before me, a notary public in and for said county,
personally appeared J. G. Dickinson, of the city of
Detroit, county and State aforesaid, who being by
me duly sworn, deposes and says that he was first
lieutenant, and adjutant of the fourth Michigan cav-
alry during the month of May, A. D. 1865, and was
with his regiment during the pursuit and capture of
the rebel Jefferson Davis and party, on the 9th and
10th days of May, A. D. 1865, in the vicinity of Ir-
winsville, Georgia. That he was personally present
at the meeting and interview of Lieutenant Colonel
B. 1). Pritchard, commanding the fourth Michigan
cavalry, and Lieutenant Colonel Harnden, com-
manding detachment first Wisconsin cavalry.on the
afternoon of the 9th day of May aforesaid, near
Abbeville, in the State of Georgia, and heard the
whole of the conversation between those two officers
at that time; and deponent further says that during
said conversations Colonel Pritchard did not tell
Colonel Harnden that he should remain at Abbe-
ville or at any particular point, but told him in gen-
eral term that his (Colonel Pritchard's) orders were
to take possession of all the fords and ferries on the
Ocmulgee river below Ilawkinsville, as far as the
strength of his command would permit, and to scout
