8932
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
July 10,
the country on both sidesof the river forthe purpose
of the capture of Davis and others; and deponent
further says that ho has good reason to believe, and
does believe, that Colonel Ilarnden did nit and could
not have understood from what Colonel Pritehard
said during said conversation that he (Colonel Priteh-
ard) was going to remain at Abbeville, from the fact
that Colonel Ilarnden met Colonel Pritcliard on the
west bide of Abbeville, and continued to ride with
him at the head of his column until it had passed
Abbeville on its way down the river from that place
about a quarter of a mile, when Colonel Harnden
struck across the country to the road on which he
said tho first Wisconsin cavalry had passed out,
leaving Colonel Pritehard and his command still
moving down tho river on the river road ; and
deponent further says that he was with the detach-
ment of the fourth Michigan cavalry, under com-
mand of Colonel Pritehard, which effected the im-
mediate capture of Davis and party, on the morn-
ing of May 10, aforesaid, and was cognizant, of nil
or J eis issued by Colonel Pritehard to his command,
and of the movements of the same, and knew that
all sueh movements were executed with the most
strict fidelity toward Colonel Ilarndcn and his com-
mand, and that no effort was made to reach Iiwius-
ville in advance of Colonel Harnden and hn com-
mand. And that Colonel Pritehard and all of his
command wassurprised on their arrival atthatplace
to find that neither the train or Colonel Harnden had
reached there, as Colonel Harnden had told Colonel
Pritehard at Abbeville that he should go through to
Irwinsville before he went into camp that night; and
deponent further says that he was present and par-
ticipated in the immediate seizure and capture of
Davis and party, and that Colonel Pritehard had the
eump of Davis surrounded for moro than an hour
and a half before ho attacked the same, and that the
actual seizure had been made complete from five to
ten minutes belore the first shot was fired between
the detachment of the fourth Michigan cavalry,
under Lieutenant Purinton, and the first Wisconsin,
and any statements to tho effect that the first Wis-
consin was tought back while tho capture was being
made is incorrect, and ali statements to the effect that
the fourth Michigan cavalry waylaid the first Wiscon-
sin is unqualifiedly false and without foundation in
fact or otherwise; and deponent further says that he
was present at another conversation between Colonel
Pritehard and Colonel Ilarnden immediately alter
the capture of Davis, in which Colonel Harnden stated
frankly and voluntarily that he did not think that
lie would havo captured Davis in the manner ho was
moving, as his advance (which was a sergeant and
six or seven men only) would have given the party
notice in time for Davis, and those who desired to
escape, to havo fled before tho rest of his force could
havo come up sufficient to inrke the capture.
J. Gr. DICKINSON.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23d day of
Fcoi uary, 1S67.
DAVII) I!. BROWN,
Department Cleric of the Circuit Court, for Wayne
County, Michigan,
[Stamp. J
_Mr. UPSON. The material statements in
tills affidavit are substantially corroborated by
the report of Colonel Minty, the two reports
of Colonel Pritehard of May 25 and July 2.
1865, the affidavits of Lieutenant Purinton and
of Lieutenant Boutelle of the fourth Michigan
cavalry, who were both personally present at
the capture of Davis, and at the unfortunate
collision immediately thereafter between the
two detachments, in which two men of the
Michigan regiment were killed and Lieutenant
"Boutelle severely wounded, and several men of
tlie Wisconsin regiment were severely wounded,
all of which evidence will be found in said Sen-
ate Executive Document No. 04, first session
Thirty-Ninth Congress; and they also seem to
be supported by the reports and indorsements
of General Wilson, found in the same docu-
ment. Tho reports of Colonel Pritehard of
May 25, 1S65, of July 2, 1865, beginning ou
page 24 of said document, contains a very full,
clear, complete, and candid statement and his-
tory of the transaction, and its material facts
are also sustained by the general current of the
whole testimony.
The facts as shown by all the testimony may
be stated substantially as follows: some days
before the capture of Davis General Wilson
had ascertained that Jefferson Davis and family
with a train of a few followers and an escort
was moving southward through Georgia toward
the Ocmulgee river, evidently seeking to
escape, and he at once sent out various detach-
ments to intercept his train and capture him,
giving his subordinates information of the gen-
eral course in which Davis and party were
moving. Colonel Harnden with his detach-
ment was sent eastwardly through the country
north of the Ocmulgee river, to discover his
trail and if possible to intercept or follow and
capture him. Colonel Pritehard, with his
detachment, was sent down the south bank of
the Ocmulgee river, the general course of which
is southeast, to guard the fords, picket the
river, and scout it ou both sides for the same
purpose, and if he found Davis and party had
crossed the river to pursue and capture him.
Ilarnden, on his expedition east, struck the
trail of a train some distance north of the Oc-
mulgee, which lie believed belonged to Davis
and party, and followed it south to where it
crossed the Ocmulgee al Brown's ferry, near
Abbeville : and, after some little delay by an
accident in getting over the river, he crossed
and learned that the train had, early on the
morning of the 0th of May, 1805, moved on
in the direction of Irwinsville, which is some
twenty or twenty-five miles south and a little
to the east of Abbeville. Ilarnden had just
sent on his command in pursuit toward Abbe-
ville when Colonel Pritehard appeared, com-
ing donn the river to Abbeville, having also
just learned that a train had crossed the night
previous at Brown's ferry. Harnden rode up
to meet hitn as he came ii.'.o Abbeville, and
accompanied him as he moved down the river
through Abbeville, informing him that he was
pursuing tho train toward Irwinsville, and that
he thought Davis's family was with it, but Davis
probably was not, as he had been reported as
traveling by himself with a small escort. Col-
onel Pritehard, in the conversation, offered
Colonel Ilarnden some of his men, which offer
Harnden declined, as he deemed his force was
strong enough, and Pritehard continued mov-
ing down the river, while Harnden, leaving
him, rode across the country to overtake his
own men. This was between two and three
o'clock p. m.
Pritehard says lie told Harnden before part-
ing that it was useless for him to follow ou the
same road with him, (Harnden ;) mentioned
to him what his orders were, and that he should
continue down the river and act as circum-
stances might dictate, and Harnden said he
should press forward to Irwinsville before he
encamped if the train went to that place. No
plans of action were agreed upon between
them, as neither of them knew anything about
the roads. Colonel Pritehard, after continu-
ing down the river some three miles, found a
negro guarding his master's wagon, broken
down in the road, and from him learned such
information of the passage of the party over
Brown's ferry as satisfied liim that Davis was
undoubtedly with the party. Learning, also,
from the same negro aud a lady living close by
that there was another road leading to Irwins-
ville, about fifteen miles down the river road
from Abbeville, at a point known as Wilcox's
mills, Colonel Pritehard, feeling that 110 effort
should now be spared on his part to insure the
capture of the party, decided at once to pursue
the party by way of the river road, believing
that if they were hard pressed at any time by
Colonel Harnden they would be likelyto aban-
don the direct road in order to escape, and
might drive over the road by which he (Colo-
nel Pritehard) would approach Irwinsville,
and if Colonel Ilarnden pressed forward to
Irwinsville as he had intimated, tho party
would then fall between the two commands.
As the distance by this new route was much
greater, and as Colonel Harnden's command
was then two hours on its way, he could not
anticipate reaching Irwinsville in advance of
him.
Selecting a part of his force, and leaving the
remainder under Captain Hathaway to picket
the river, &c., he started at four p. tn., reached
Wilcox mills at sunset, halted an hour and fed
and refreshed his horses, and then proceeded
by a blind wood's road some eighteen miles,
mostly through a pine forest, to Irwinsville,
without seeing any traces of the train or of
Colonel Harnden, and arrived there about one
o'clock on the morning of the 10th.
Surprised at this they began to make inqui- I
nes, and by representing themselves as confed- jl
erates they soon learned from the inhabitants |j
that a party had encamped about sunset near a ,
mile and a half out, toward Abbeville, and \
some of the party had been in the town during
the evening. Pressing a negro fora guide. Col-
onel Pritehard moved up cautiously near the
camp and surrounded it, sending Lieutenant
Purinton with twenty-five men to the rear to
cut off all possibility of escape, and giving him
orders to carefully ascertain the character of
any men he might meet before firing upon them.
This was about two o' clock m the morning,
and after waiting about an hour and a half,
thus keeping wateli, with the first appearance
of dawn a dash was made on the camp, which
was imtn diately captured without firinga shot.
In about live or ten minutes after this capture
of Davis and his party the collision occurred
between Lieutenant Purinton's men and the
Wisconsin cavalry, which was attended with
such serious results, and which probably would
have been wholly avoided had Sergeant Hus-
sey, when challenged by Lieutenant Purinton,
properly disclosed himself or answered to the
challenge instead of retreating, as stated by
Colonel Harnden in his first report of May 13,
1805; but which, as it occurred, was clearly a
misadventure, the result of mutual misappre-
hension, and far from the intention of either
party, both unquestionably acting in good faith,
in ignorance of the identity of each other, and
if any error occurred on either side it was an
error of judgment. Neither party at that time
knew anything of the reward that had beeu
offered for the capture of Davis, nor could they
have any possible object or motive to induce
them thus to assail each other.
1 come now to notice the most unpleasant
feature in the subsequent history of this case.
Colonel Harnden in his first report, while claim-
ing that he understood from his conversation
with Colonel Pritehard at Abbeville that he
(Colonel Pritehard) was going into camp at
Abbeville, and hence that he had no intima-
tion of the presence of Union troops near Irwins-
ville where the collision occurred, and while
expressing his regret at the occurrence did not
seem disposed to be harsh or censorious in his
judgment so far as Colonel Pritehard and his
command were concerned. His superior officer,
Colonel Lagrange, in forwarding that report
saw fit, however, gratuitously to make an in-
dorsement thereon, wantonly and unjustly, if
not maliciously, assailing Colonel Pritehard.
That indorsement is as follows:
Headquarters Second Brigade,
First Cavalry Division, M. D.,
Macon. (Georgia, May 14,18B5.
From this report it appears that Lieutenant Colo-
nel Ilarnden faithfully discharged his duty, and no
blame can attach to hitn in relation to the unfortu-
nate collision between his detachment and Colonel
Putchard's, which he had every reason to believe
remained at Abbeville. It is, however, a source of
painful regret that the satisfaction experienced in
this consummation is clouded by the knowledge that
an act having every appearance of unsoidierly sel-
fishness, in appropriating by deception the fruits of
another's labor, and thus attaining unearned suc-
cess, resulted in unnecessary bloodshed, and a sacri-
fice of lives for which no atonement can bo made.
What may have been intended merely as an act of
bad faith toward afellow-soldierrcsulted in a crime,
and for this closing sceaeof therebellion, inglorious
in itself but historicby circumstance, it is ditficultto
repress a wish that accident had afforded the Gov-
ernment a representative above suspicion.
Respectfully forwarded:
O. II. LAGRA2TGE,
Colonel Commanduvj.
By some means, and contrary to military
regulations, as I am advised, this report and
indorsement was soon after published in the
Cincinnati papers, and copied with comments
by the press generally, while Colonel Pritch-
ard's report was only forwarded to the War
Department in the usual way. Colonel Harn-
den at first seemed conscious of the great wrong
and injustice which was done to Colonel Pritcli-
ard by this act, and endeavored to disclaim all
connection with it, as would appear from a
disclaimer published in the Nashville Press
and Times of the last of June, 1805. as fol-
lows :
" A Disclaimer.—An article appeared in our paper
last week under the head of ' Personal,'in which,
after several sentences commendatory of Brevet Brig-
adier General Pritehard, the gallant officer _wiioset
command captured 'the confederacy in petticoats,*
the following passage occurs: 'Wo shall have some-
thing to say hereafter regarding the false and vil-
