1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
385
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Banks.
Ho. op Reps.
the next session of your Congress has ended,
we will make reprisals on your commerce."
Mr. FERRISS. Allow me to point out the
distinction between the two cases: in the case
of France the sovereign power made the treaty,
and when the sovereign power did so it was
obligatory upon the people. France had no
written constitution. The powers here are
divided ; and the treaty-making power usurps
our power when it promises to pay money.
Mr. PRUYN. The gentleman is mistaken.
The treaty was made with Louis Philippe, and
the power of the king was limited. He could
make a treaty, but under the constitution then
existing he could not appropriate money with-
out the consent of the Chambers.
Mr. FERRISS. Does the gentleman say
that France had a written constitution?
Mr. PRUYN. Yes, a constitutional char-
ter, which Louis Phillippe took an oath to
support.
Mr. HIGBY. "What was the legislative
power ?
Mr. PRUYN. The legislative power was
well defined and well understood. I cannot
now undertake to state it in detail. No mat-
ter, however, as to this. It is sufficient to
know that the necessity of an appropriation
by the Chambers before the king could touch
a dollar to pay any debt was conceded ; just
as we claim that the President or the Secre-
tary of the Treasury would have no power to
pay Russia out of the public Treasury without
the consent of Congress.
One other reference and I will leave the sub-
ject. I make it for the purpose of showing
the uniformity of opinion of all commentators
on the public laws of this country in regard to
this question.
I have heretofore referred to Kent, to Story,
and to Wheaton. I now refer to General Hal-
leek's work on international law. He slates
that this question came up at the different
times I have mentioned, in 1794, 1816, 1842,
1843, 1853, and 1854. He then says :
" In each and every one of these oases appropria-
tions were made for carrying into effect treaties duly
entered into by tiio President and the Senate. If,
when a treaty, duly entered into by the President,
and ratified by the Senate, comes before the House
of Representatives, that body wore to proooed to
discussion and to examine it as an act of ordinary
legislation, and at its pleasure grant or refuse tho
requisite appropriation for carrying it into effect, it
would virtually annul the present constitutional
provisions with respect to treaties, and make that
body a branch of the treaty-makmg power."
And then he goes ou to take the same view
I have already presented as to the effect of the
omission of Congress to pass the necessary
acts to carry a treaty into effect, and says that
that would be no answer to a foreign Govern-
ment for not following our treaty engagements.
An interesting question bearing on this point
arose in the case of the State of Maine. At
the time of the settlement of the northwestern
boundary it became necessary for the United
States Government to cede a portion of the
State of Maine to Great Britain. The United
States obtained in advance the assent of Maine
and Massachusetts, the latter at that time hav-
ing an interest in the territory about to be
ceded. In the treaty between the two Powers,
the United States undertook to pay a certain
amount to Maine and Massachusetts ;_ but the
English negotiator said it must be distinctly
understood that the Government of Great
Britain in no way acknowledged any relation-
ships with Maine and Massachusetts, or any
liability to them; that Great Britain treated
with the United States only; and that the
United States must fulfill all obligations to
Maine and Massachusetts.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Will
the gentleman allow me to ask him a question
just here?
Mr. PRUYN. Certainly.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I wish
to inquire whether in the correspondence of
the British minister, oil the occasion to which
40th Cong. 2d —No. 25.
he refers, it was not distinctly asserted on the
part of the Government of the United States,
that there was no power and no authority in
the treaty-making power under the Constitu-
tion of the United States to cede away any
portion of the territory claimed by the State of
Maine ?
Mr. PRUYN. I cannot say how that was.
The facts were as stated, and the course taken
by the General Government admitted the rights
of Maine and Massachusetts, which is a suffi-
cientanswerto the question propounded. They,
however, made no difference as to Great Brit-
ain. We undertook to make the transfer, and
were responsible to that Power for our engage-
ments. On this point I submit the following
views from Lawrence's notes to Wheaton. He
remarks :
" There is an apparent departure from the princi-
ple that all negotiations with foreign Powers must
be with the General Government, and that foreign
Powers are not to interfere in the relations between
the United States and individual States, in the pro-
vision contained in the fifth article of the treaty of
August 9,1842, that certain payments should be made
bythoGovernmcntofthoUnitedStates to the States
of Maine and Massachusetts. This stipulation, which
might be construed to justify foreign interference
with our federal relations, was deemed by Lord
Ashburton to call lor a disclaimer, on the part of
Great Britain, of the assumption of any responsibility
for this arrangement, his negotiations having been
with the General Government only."
Allusion is made in the views of the minority
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, which
are appended to the majority report, to the
knowledge every nation treating with us is sup-
posed to possess of our laws and our Constitu-
tion. It is said, in substance, that the accom-
plished and able representative of Russia in
this country, Mr. De Stoeckl, had iesided here
for more than twenty years, and was thoroughly
acquainted with the character of our institu-
tions and with the provisions of the funda-
mental law of this country; and that the Rus-
sian Government were thus fully informed
that the amount agreed to be paid must first be
appropriated by Congress, and that the treaty
itself was necessarily subject to this condition.
I only wish to say that if that accomplished
minister communicated to his Government any
information on this point, he also informed
the Secretary for Foreign Affairs that never iu
the whole history of this Government, although
this subject had been frequently and warmly
discussed, had the Congress of the United
States forfeited the good faith and honor of
the country or failed to comply with its express
treaty engagements.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Before
the gentleman takes his seat I would like to
ask him a question. I wish to know whether
he finds among the powers enumerated in the
Constitution any authority to purchase land by
treaty or otherwise?
Mr. PRUYN. No, sir; no enumerated
power; but the power, as the gentleman from
Pennsylvania well knows, has been exercised
from an early period of our history.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Has it
ever been exercised in any other way than as
the mere incident to the settlement of differ-
ences between nations ?
Mr. PRUYN. Yes; it has been repeatedly
exercised as an attribute of sovereignty. But
the particular circumstances under which it
has been exercised cannot determine the ques-
tion of power.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Will
the gentleman give me an instance?
Mr. PRUYN. The Gadsden treaty, among
others.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Is such
a treaty a treaty strictly speaking, a treaty
within the meaning of the publicists ?
Mr. PRUYN. Yes; I think it is. It is so
in terms. We have regarded it as such, aud
are concluded on that point.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. How
are we concluded?
Mr. PRUYN. By our uniform practice.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. In the
case of Louisiana, as the gentleman wellknows,
it was distinctly admitted by Mr. Jefferson,
by whom the treaty was made, that there was
no power whatever in the Constitution to
authorize the acquisition of territory in that
way.
Mr. PRUYN. Mr. Jefferson had doubts,
but yielded them; otherwise the treaty could
not have been made.
Purchase of Alaska.
SPEECH 01? HON. N. P. BANKS,
oif massachusetts,
In^'HE House of Representatives,
June 30, 1868.
The Ilouse being in Committee of the "Whole on
tho state of the Union, and having under considera-
tion the bill (H. R. No. 1096) making an appropriation
to carry into effect the treaty with Russia of March
SO, 1807-
Mr. BANKS said:
Mr. Chairman : Regard for the business of
the House, as well as personal considerations,
make me reluctant to trespass upon the time
of the committee. Were it not my official duty
I would not do it.
The bill reported by the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, making an appropriation to give
effect to the treaty with Russia, is reported
from a sense of duty alone, to accomplish what
the majority of the committee believe to be an
imperative obligation on the part of the House
of Representatives. Were it not for this, I can
say for myself—and I think I speak for other
gentlemen of the committee whp assent to the
leport—the bill would not be presented under
present circumstances. It does not commit us
to the expediency of the purchase of Russian
America as an original question. It does not
commit us to indiscriminate acquisition of
territory elsewhere or hereafter. Upon that
point we are free to act as duty may seem to
prompt; but upon this particular question it
has seemed to us that it is an absolute duty on
the part of this House to provide the means
and give effect to this treaty.
We do not deny, as was denied in the early his-
tory of this Government, the right of the House
to information upon this subject, nor its right
to consider a treaty in all its aspects and rela-
tions, or to determine its action upon its own
discretion and judgment. For myself, 1 hold
the authority to make a treaty conferred by
the Constitution upon the President and the
Senate of the United States to be a limited
power; that the House of Representatives, as
a coordinate branch of the Government, has
a clear and unquestionable constitutional right
to consider the subject of a treaty both betore
and after it is concluded, or at any time when
it shall be the interest of the country so to do,
to ascertain for itself whether it be within the
scope of the treaty power, whether it be in
contravention of the established policy and
interests of the Government, or whether it bo,
on the contrary, destructive, as a treaty may
well be, of the principles of the Constitution,
the rights of the people, or the fundamental
interests of the Government. This I hold to
be the privilege of the House of Representa-
tives upon this subject.
But, six, if a treaty be found, upon just con:
sideration, to be clearly within the power con-
ferred by the Constitution upon the President
and Senate, consistent with the established
policy and interests of the Government, we
hold a treaty so made to be the supreme law of
the land, and that it is the duty of each coordi-
nate branch of the Government to give effect
to that law by such measures of administra-
tion or legislation as may be necessary. Per-
haps in saying this I may speak a little too
broadly. That is my own view of the ques-
tion, ond it is upon that view of the question
