1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1885
bill when that bill is presented to the House ;
and gentlemen are compelled, when they im-
pute bad faith to my colleague, either to admit
that every member upon this side of the House
was inattentive to the business of legislation
here or else to admit that knowing what that
amendmenfcwas, they voted for it. Theamend-
ment was offered by my colleague to the bill
called up by th« gentleman from Ohio ; it was
read at the Clerk's desk and it was germane to
the bill. Nogentleman on the otherside called
on my colleague to explain the effect of the
amendment; and I call upon the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Boyer,] who says he was
in his seat at the time, to say why it was he
did not ask my colleague to make an explana-
tion of the amendment, if he was opposed to
it? No explanation was required of my col-
league. No division was asked on the vote on
the amendment by any gentleman on the other
side, and it was passed without a division.
Now, the gentlemen on the other side are
compelled to accept one or the other of these
positions ; they must either admit that they did
not understand the provisions of the amend-
ment tfhen they heard it read or else that they
were so inattentive to the business of the House
that notoneof themheard itread atthe Clerk's
desk. That is all I have to say.
Mr. BOYER. I desire to say but a very
few words in continuation of this discussion.
I am perfectly content with its result. There
has been enough admitted by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Sciienck] entirely to satisfy
me and, I trust, to satisfy the country that I
was correct in my narration of the facts. I
did not make  ny unnecessarily offensive re-
marks in relation to either of the gentlemen
concerned. I am perfectly willing to let the
country characterize the proceedings upon
which I have commented, and apply to them
those criticisms which may be deemed most
befitting. For myself, I do not bandy epithets.
I have not in terms charged deliberate fraud,
but I have stated facts, and I ask that the
country may pass upon them, if it takes suf-
ficient interest in the subject-matter of'this dis-
cussion to think about it at all. It is conceded
that the bill which was introduced by the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Schekck] was alto-
gether different in its provisions from the
amendment which was afterward, with his con-
sent, introduced and appended. The bill
itself provided for the extension of the appel-
late jurisdiction of the Supreme Court. The
amendment provided for the restriction of that
jurisdiction in a different matter. The bill
itself relates to revenue officers. The amend-
ment related to writs of habeas corpus issued
and brought before a United States circuit
court to determine whether a citizen is unlaw-
fully held in custody. It is admitted that the
gentleman from Ohio obtained a footing for
his bill in the House by prefacing its introduc-
tion with the remark that there could be no
possible objection to it, and by explaining
that it only related to United States revenue
officers.
It is admitted by the gentleman that after
having thus, by the courtesy of this House,
obtained unanimous consent for the considera-
tion of the bill at that time, he allowed an
amendment to be offered which he knew, if
understood by the House, would prevent its
being received to be acted on at that time by
unanimous consent. And yet, notwithstand-
ing this, it is admitted that the bill, with this
amendment, was passed through under the oper-
ation of the previous question.
It is said that the amendment was germane
to the bill. Suppose it was; then so much the
worse, for if germane to the bill after the con-
sideration of the bill had been consented to
without objection, no objection to the amend-
ment could have prevailed, and immediately
after the reading of the amendment it was
agreed to by the gentleman from Ohio, who in
the same sentence and without pause, moved
the previous question, thus precluding all op-
portunity for examination or inquiry or refer-
ence to the bill whose provisions were repealed
by the amendment. Whether this is to be con-
sidered in the light of an attempt to take an
advantage under circumstances which, whether
intended or not, were certainly calculated to
deceive, let the public judge; and whether it
was intended or not, and whether such decep-
tion, if it existed, was warranted by any code
of morals, or whether it was lawful in legisla-
tive strategy to secure such an advantage by
such means, it is not forme to pronounce judg-
ment, but for the House and the country, and
with them I leave it. Let this case stand upon
the facts as they have been admitted in the
course of this discussion. If the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] is content, I cer-
tainly am also.
Mr. ALLISON obtained the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a few moments ?
Mr. ALLISON. I will yield to the gentle-
man.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Boyer] wishes to clear himself,
as it would seem from his last remarks, from
any disposition to bandy epithets. Why, sir,
what call was there for any such remarks from
him ? The charge was made that a fraud had
been practiced. What does the gentleman
now call it in his last remarks? "A decep-
tion and he " will leave the country to judge
what name shall be given to this fraud and de-
ception;" that is, ho first passes judgment
and then leaves it to the county to give a name
to it.
Sir, it was because the gentleman, instead
of apologizing to his constituents and to the
country for being, as he confesses, asleep at
his post, undertook to shift the responsibility
upon others who were more wide awake than
he, and to hurl epithets at them, that I asked
the attention of this House at all; and without
that I should not have done it.
Now, sir( the gentleman says that the pre-
vious question was called upon this bill, with-
out opportunity for examination or discussion.
Did ho ask for any examination or discussion ?
Did anybody ask for it ? Has it been my prac-
tice in this House, in the case of bills of which
I have the management, to cut off altogether
any opportunity either for question, discussion,
inquiry, or examination, of that which is pre-
sented for the consideration of this House and
which is under my charge? The gentleman
knows it is not so. But when nobody asks to
be permitted an opportunity to examine, when
nobody proposes to discuss, am I to stop, turn
around to members of this House and say,
"Now, gentlemen, do not some of you want
to examine this thing, and try to understand
it before you vote upon it ? Do not some of
you want to discuss this matter before the vote
is taken upon it?"
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. You did say that
if any one wanted any further explanation you
would give it.
Mr. SCHENCK. That was in reference to
the bill, not the amendment. So much with
regard to any imputation of fraud upon my
part.
x\s regards the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Wilson,] I know well if he were here he would
take care of himself, if he felt that ho needed
it; I do not think ho does. The gentleman
from Iowa being awake to the wants of the
country and to the duties of his position, when
he saw an opening to propose an amendment
which would accomplish a good thing, and a
right thing, in a bill which was pending and to
which his amendment was germane, asked per-
mission to get his amendment in and have it
voted upon; and he obtained that permission.
Now, it would better beeortie gentlemen upon
the other side to ask oblivion of the past, if
they think there has been any failure on their
part, and to humbly promise their constituents
at home that in the future they will keep more
wide awake, and when these naughty Republi-
cans have what they conceive, to be good
amendments to offer, they will be more on the
alert and take care that the Democratic party
shall suffer no detriment—it would better be-
come gentlemen to do that than to be abusing
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson]' for
having shown upon his part a readiness to be
at his post, wide awake, and not sleeping while
at his post. Sir, I do not mean to add any-
thing more.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Allison] is' entitled to
the floor.
Mr. ALLISON. I was about to make a
motion that the House adjourn; but if the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] de-
sires to occupy only a moment, I will yield to
him.
Mr. NIBLACK. I want only two or three
minutes.
Mr. ALLISON. I will yield to the gentle-
man for a few moments.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, I only want
to say a word or two about this matter by way
of explanation on my own account. I hap-
pened to be one of those on this side of the
House who were not " caught napping" so far
as this amendment was concerned. I think,
however, that many of our friends attach un-
due importance to the action of the minority
here on that occasion. Nothing that we could
have done could have delayed the passage of
that proposition for any great length of time;
and hence our action is of no practical import-
ance in the matter.
I suppose that the difference of a day or two
will not amount to anything so far as regards
any influence which the bill may have upon the
Supreme Court. I was in my seat giving some
attention to the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sciienck] and to his statement
about this bill, he being the chairman of a com-
mittee of which I am a member. Prom the
statement which he made I could see nothing
objectionable in the bill, and, therefore, I did
not object to taking it up. When, however, the
bill had been taken up, and this amendment
was proposed, I did see in the amendment a
measure to which I was seriously opposed. I
rose to my feet for the purpose of objecting to
the amendment; but a moment's reflection
convinced me that an objection from mo would
be of no avail; that the amendment was regu-
larly in under the rules, and that the gentle-
man from Ohio controlled the affair. I did not
think the amendment could be ruled out on a
point of order; for it occurred to me that it
was germane to the bill. I turned round to a
gentleman near me and remarked, "We are
caught handsomely in this thing; there is no
use in making a fuss now." Under those cir-
cumstances the bill with the amendment was
passed, the previous question being ordered on
the demand of the gentleman from Ohio.
I fully understood when that measure was
passed what was involved in it, and was pre-
pared to submit my objections if those objec-
tions could have availed in the slightest de-
gree; but I knew that objection was useless.
I subsequently inquired of the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Marshall] and the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridce,] who did not
happen to be in their seats at the time, and
who are members of the Judiciary Committee,
whether the measure had been considered by
that committee, and whether there had been
any prior arrangement or -understanding in the
committee in regard to the matter. Learning
that there had not been, I did not see that
anything was to be gained by pursuing the
matter further; but it having been telegraphed
all over the country that we on this side were •
"caught napping," I desired to say that I, for
one, understood the effect of the proposition
of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson]
at the time it was offered, though, of course,
when the gentleman from Ohio asked unani-
mous consent to take up a perfectly unobjec-
tionable measure, I could not foresee that any
such amendment as that of the gentleman from
Iowa was to be offered.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman did not con-
sider the measure of enough importance to call
the yeas and nays upon it.
