1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was*
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GEORGE TRUAX.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
also reported back House bill No. 250, for the
relief of George Truax, with a substitute.
The substitute provides that the Secretary
of the Interior shall be directed to place the
name of George Truax, late private of company
H, first regiment Virginia volunteer infantry,
on the pension-roll, to be paid to the extent of
one fourth disability, to be increased or to
cease as the examination of the surgeon may
disclose, according to the rules and limitations
of the pension laws, to commence on the 1st
October, 1864.
The substitute was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and jjajwed.
Mr. MlijMSR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
* also reported adversely upon the following
cases, and the same were laid on the table,
and the reports ordered to be printed:
Petition of John G. Madden, praying for a
pension;
Petition of Patrick Smith, second lieutenant
company I, seventy-third New York volunteer
infantry; and
Petition of widow and minor children of
Henry Taife, late private company F, twentieth
New York militia.
PAY OF CLERK TO COMMITTEE.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
also reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives is hereby authorized and directed to pay
the clerk of the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
during the Fortieth Congress, a sum of money which
will make his compensation equal to that of the
clerk of the Committee of Claims.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose as the clerk of
the Committee of Claims is paid an annual
salary this only pays this clerk of the Pension
Committee at the same rate for the session.
Mr. MILLER. It makes his pay the same
as that of the Clerk of the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. UPSON. How much is that?
Mr. MILLER. Last year it was $2,100. I
have a statement of the business done by sev-
eral committees during the present Congress.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
five hundred and twenty cases, the Committee
of Claims four hundred and fifty-two, and the
Committee on Invalid Pensions five hundred
and ninety-one. Itthus appears that the work
of the Committee on Invalid Pensions is not
behind that of any other committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not object if it be lim-
ited to the session of Congress. ®
Mr. MILLER. It puts the clerk on the
same footing as the clerk of the Committee of
Claims.
^ Mr. HOLMAN. The clerk of the Commit-
tee of Claims is paid an annual salary. I
think it only fair to pay the clerk of the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions at the same rate
during the session. I believe the clerk of the
Committee of Claims is employed during the
whole Congress.
Mr. MILLER. He is not employed more
laboriously than the clerk of the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
Mr. HOLMAN. What is the salary of the
clerk of the Committee of Claims?
Mr. MILLER. Twenty-one hundred dol-
lars.
Mr. HOLMAN. What is the pay of the
clerk of the Committee on Invalid Pensions?
Mr. MILLER. Pour dollars a day.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think it entirely just
to pay him the same as the clerk of the Com-
mittee of Claims during the session of Con-
gress.
_Mr. MILLER. I am instructed by the com-
mittee to report the resolution. The commit-
tee were of opinion that he is fully entitled to
the same pay that the clerk of the Committee
of Claims gets. His labor is greater.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman tell
us what use the committee has for a clerk in
the recess between two sessions ?
Mr. MILLER. The same that the Commit-
tee of Claims has.
Mr. MAYNARD. The clerk of the Com-
mittee of Claims has nothing to do. I was on
that committee four years, and some way or
other the clerk came to be a salaried officer,
appointed and kept on a fixed salary as a per-
manent clerk. I never could see any business
that he had to do in the recess of Congress.
If the committee will bring in a resolution to
put their clerk on the same footing as the others
I will most cheerfully vote for it, but I cannot,
unless there are more facts brought to my no-
tice, consent to make another clerk a perma-
nent salaried officer.
Mr. MILLER. If the gentleman was on
the Committee of Invalid Pensions he would
find out whether there was not much work to
do. I think this clerk is well entitled to a
salary.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman does not
answer my question. I do not propose to with-
hold his pay during the sessions of Congress,
long or short, but I ask what he is to do in the
vacation when we are all away ?
Mr. MILLER. He has a considerable quan-
tity of papers to prepare and take care of,
while we are absent.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suppose they can be
locked up, and there they would stay ; nobody
would steal them.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is manifest that the pay
of this clerk ought to be more. The duties
are manifestly laborious as indicated by the
number of bills reported. I suggest, however,
that it is not a good idea to make any more of
these clerkships permanent; but, if it is pro-
posed to increase the compensation of this
particular clerk, I think it ought to receive the
favorable consideration of the House. Fix it,
if you please, as high as six dollars a day. _ I
think there are three other clerks of commit-
tees who perform the same amount of labor.
Mr. MILLER. I shall have to resume the
floor. I demand the previous question.
On seconding the previous question, there
were—ayes 84, noes 44: no quorum voting.
Mr. MILLER. I withdraw the resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 hope the gentleman
will have it referred back to the committee,
and have this man paid abundantly, but not
make him a salaried officer.
Mr. MILLER. I have withdrawn it.
riiEBE M'BRIDE.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1180) granting a
pension to Phebe McBride, mother of Thomas
McBride. deceased ; which was read a second
time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on tht pension-roll the name of the
applicant, mother of Thomas McBride, late a
private of company B, of the eighty-seventh
regiment of Illinois volunteers, .to be paid a
pension at eight dollars per month during her
widowhood, to commence from the passage of
this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IIAIUUET K. SHEARS.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1181) granting a
pension to Harriet E. Shears; which was read
a first and second time.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place on the pension-roll the name of the appli-
cant, widow of John T. Shears, deceased, late
private in company H, fifty-seventh regiment
of Illinois volunteers, to be paid the pension
of a widow of a private during her widowhood,
to be computed from the 7th of September,
1862; but on her remarriage the same to be paid
to tho minor children of John T. Shears who
may then be under age.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM W. WITJIERSPOON.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of
William W. Witherspoon ; which was laid on
the table.
MARY A. DAVIS.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do not pass, the bill (IT. R. No. 596) grant-
ing a pension to Mary A. Davis, widow of
William P. Davis, late a private in the eight-
eenth regiment Indiana volunteers.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is there any written report
accompanying that bill?
Mr. MILLER. No, sir? there is a written
report in almost every case except this one. _
Mr. HOLMAN. I would be very glad if
the gentleman would allow the bill to be
recommitted as there is no written report.
Mr. MILLER. 1 have no objection.
The bill was recommitted to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
WILLIAM II. BLAIR.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1182) granting a
pension to William IT. Blair, late a private in
company G, of the twelfth regiment of Maine
volunteers; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll the name of
William H. Blair, late a private in company
G, of the twelfth regiment of Maine volun-
teers, at the rate of eight dollars per month,
to be computed from the 27th day of January,
1867, subject to the rules and regulations of
the pension department.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAMES A. AXDEHSOX.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of
James A. Anderson, for increase of pension;
which was laid on the table.
CHRISTOPHER M. CORNMESSER.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1183) granting a
pension to Christopher M. Cornmesser, late a
private in the independent Iowa home guards ;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Christopher M. Cornmesser, late
a private in the independent Iowa home guards,
and pay him such pension as a private as he
is or may be entitled to under existing law
founded upon surgical examination, to com-
mence July M, 1861.
