1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3933
loinous charges mado against lnm by the jealous I
orncer, <to. On Saturday we had a visit from Lieu-
tenant Colonel Henry Ilarnden, v/ho foard that the ,
public in'■ - !ii take tile reference as applicable to
himself. Ho authorizes us to say that ho neither
published nor caused to be published any charges
against General Pritchard; that he would disdain to
do such an act; and that he knew nothing about his
report of the campaign, in which he indulged in
no reflections, and the indorsement of Colonel La
Orange appearing in the newspaper, until he saw
not!) m pr-nt. The warmest relations exi^t between
General Piitehard and Colonel Harnden, and the
prompt manner in winch the latter has come forward
with Ins disclaimer is creditable alike to his head
and hearr."—Senate Executive Document No. 61, first
session Thirty-Ninth Congress, p. 31.
So far, then, ail appeared to be well as be-
tween these two officers; unci yet, on the 11th
day of December, said Harnden made oath to
a new statement or report of the capture,
addressed to Judge Advocate General Joseph
Holt, and claiming a share of the reward, in
which, after giving his new version of the
affair, he makes the following strange, new,
unworthy, and insinuating statement, namely:
"Had we not been waylaid and fired upon by the
fourlh Michigan cavalry, we should, without adoubt,
have capturcd Jeff. Davis even sooner than it was
effected."
This statement is also made in the face of
the fact that is shown in his same deposition,
that he was then approaching Davis's camp,
without even knowing where it was, and with
an advance guard of only seven men ; and this
statement or claim laid before the commission
lie attempts to fortify by having it also sworn
to, in a somewhat general or qualified way, by
J. J. Aplin and Orson P. Clinton. (Senate
Mis. Doc. No. G4, first session Thirty-Ninth
Congress, p. 37.)
This also, notwithstanding General Wilson
in forwarding Colonel lianideu's first report,
with Colonel La Grange's aforesaid indorse-
ment thereon, had properly rebuked Colonel
La Grange, and vindicated Colonel Pritchard,
by adding his indorsement thereon as follows:
after the indorsement of General Croxton had
been first appended to the report and following
that of Colonel Lagrange, namely:
Headquarters First Division, C. 0., M. D. M„
Mieos-, Georgia, May 15, i860.
As an act of justice to all parties I recommend that
this report, together with that of Lieutenant Colonel
Pritchard, bo forwarded to tiio Secretary of War,
with the request that they be published in the Army
and Navy Gazette.
Respectfully forwarded.
JOHN" T. CROXTON,
Brigadier General Commanding.
Headquarters Ccvilry Corps,
Military Dupartmkxt Mississippi.
Micon, 0eoegia, May 19, ISfiS.
Justice to a bravo and skillful officer impels me to
say 1 do not think the strictures of Colonel La
Grange warranted by the facts. Colonel Pritchard
would have been more eulpablo had he have re-
mained in camp, knowing the object of his search
had already passed on. I am unwilling to believe
him intentionally guilty of any act unbecoming a
good soldier.
Colonel Harnden and his command arc certainly,
on the other hand, entitled to a full share of the
credit in apprehending Jelf. Davis, and in no way
to blame for the collision between his own command
and that of General Pritchard.
Respectfully forwarded ; the recommendation of
General Croxton approved.
J. H. WILSON,
Brevet Major (general.
The vindication of Colonel Pritchard was as
soldier-like and manly on the part of General
Wilson as the rebuke of Colonel La Grange
was timely and deserved.
Alike manly and just was the indorsement
of General Wilson on the report of Colonel
Miuty, accompanying that of Captain Hatha-
way, narrating the circumstances of the cap-
ture of Davis, and which is as follows :
Headquarters Cavalry Corps,
Milit try Division Mississippi,
JIauox, Georoia, May 9,1863.
Respectfully forwaided: a comparison of the in-
closed reports with that of Colonel Harnden, fiisfc
Wisconsin cavalry, will show that Colonel Pritchard i
acted in good faith with Colonel ilarnden. I must,
therefore, and in view ol all the facts, respectively
recommend that medals of honor be given to the
officers and men of both regiments actually engaged
in the pursuit south of Abbeville. In the distribu-
tion of the reward, the families of the two men killed
should be amply provided for.
J. II. WILSON,
Brevet Major General.
Defeated, as we have seen, before the com-
mission, and his claim rejected, henext appears
before the committee of the last House, and
makes a new and enlarged statement, and
somewhat amplifies and reiterates his charges
and insinuations againstColonel Pritchard and
his men, again calls to his aid Aplin and
Clinton with new affidavits, and a further affi-
davit from one George D. Wright, in which
affidavits, among other things, pretended hear-
say statements are given of persons whose
names are not stated, and who are in no way
identified, other than that they are alleged to
have been with the Michigan men, and affi-
davits thus patched up to fit the case he
proposes or hopes to dignify into evidence to
support his charges.
it, is sufficient for me to refer the House to
all the evidence and reports before the com-
mission, and to their report and the affidavit
of Lieutenant Dickinson, to show both the fal-
lacy and injustice if not maliciousness of these
charges thus reiterated and attempted to be
substantiated. I should be sorry to be com-
pelled to believe that a desire to obtain a share
in the reward hasoriginated or prompted these
charges; butit is suggestive that until the claim
for the reward was made before the commis-
sion by Colonel Harnden ho had never made
any such statement or imputation against Col-
onel Pritchard and his regiment.
We next come to the new recommendations
of General Wilson. General J. II. Wilson, in
his last report of January 17, 1867, on this
subject, uses the following language, which is
quoted by the committee in their report in this
case :
"In my correspondence with the War Department
just niter the capture I recommended, probabiy
without dae consideration, that the rewardot §100,000
offered by the President lor the capture of Davis(or
that part of it remaining after the families of the
men killed in the pursuit had been amply provided
for) should be divided according to the law of prize
among the actual captors, and tiiat Colonel Ilarnden
and bis men should receive medals of honor specially
commemorating tne part they 1 id taken in the pur-
suit. This recommendation has not been carried
into effect, but the commission, of which General
Townsond was president, disallow tile claims of Col-
onel Harnden. and recommend that the members
of the fourth Michigan cavalry, scouting and picket-
ing the Ocmulgee river, over thirty miles north of
Irwinsville, as well as the ' actual captors,'shall bo
included in the distribution of the reward, on the
ground that theywereperformingserviooof a, 'most
important precautionaiy character.' With just as
much reason every other man of the entire cavalry
force then on duty in Georgiashould also bo included
in the distribution, as they were performing service
of ' a most important precautionary character inci-
dental to the immediate purpose of tho expedition,
and such as could not, without an imputation of neg-
' lect of duty, have been omitted to bo provided for.'
Colonel Ilarnden and his dctachment, who wero
actually within gun sound of the capture, certainly
deservo more consideration in this case than any one
who remained behind.no matter upon what duty he
was cng.aged. I am therefore compelled, in equity
and justice, to respectfully recommend, in the further
consideration of this matter by the proper author-
ities, that the strict law of prize be observed. Under
this law it seems to me that Colonel Harnden and
Captain Yeoman should reccive share and share
alike with the officers who were actually present at
the capture."
Had General Wilson looked at the report
and recommendation of Colonel Pritchard of
May 25, 1865, which is referred to by the com-
mission in giving their decision, he would have
found that Colonel Pritchard did not insist that
strictly any but those of his regiment present
at the capture had a right to the reward ; but
when he advised that those of the regiment
picketing the river should share in the reward,
he added, "and when I say this I believe I
but utter the wishes of a large majority of both
officers and men." If those who were present
at and participating in the capture and entitled
to the reward were willing that their fellow
members of the regiment on duty at the river
should share with them in the reward the rights
of no one else were violated in allowing it, and
the rule of law v,'as not changed. No one else
had any right to complain, not even General
Wilson, on that account, nor can he justify
any change of his first recommendation on that
ground. But this extract from General Wil-
son's last report also shows this important
fact, that up to January 17, 1867, he had never
considered Colonel Harnden or his men enti-
tled to share in the reward, and had not rec-
ommended that they should share in it. He
had only recommended that Colonel Harnden
and his men should receive medals of honor;
nor does he now recommend that the men of
the first Wisconsin should share in the reward,
but only that Colonel Harnden himself, and
Captain Yeoman, of the first Ohio cavalry,
should receive share and share alike with the
captors.
Yet the committee, in their report and bill,
allow shares not only to these officers but to all
the men serving under them, and disregard the
law of prize advocated by General Wilson as
well as adhered to by the commission. Never
has General Wilson considered the first Wis-
consin cavalry as among the captors of Davis,
and entitled to share in the reward. Having
a high regard for General Wilson, his services
and his manly, soldierlike qualities, I desire
to speak only in praise of that gallant officer.
But in preparing his last report, as he was about
to prefer a claim of his own for a share in the
reward, in changing a little his recommenda-
tion it would have been a delicate matter to
have so enlarged it as to include only himself,
especially when it is possible he might have
been greatly importuned by officers and friends
for whom he doubtless had a high personal
regard.
He briefly presented his claim to the com-
mittee as follows, referring therein to his said
report:
Washington, D. C., January 27,1867.
Having given all tho orders and instructions, as
commanding general of the cavalry corps, military
division of the Mississippi, for the movement and
disposition of the troops which resulted in thecapturo
of Jefferson Davis and his suite, I have tho honor to
ask that a portion of the reward offered by the Presi-
dent under proclamation dated Washington, It. C-,
May 2,1865, to which I am entitled under the law of
prize, be paid to mo.
I havo also the honortoask thafcthcrcward offered
for the capture of Clement C. Clay, jun., under tho
same proclamation, or that part of it to which I atn
entitled, may also be paid to me. the said Clay having
surrendered in person to me at Maeon, Georgia, May
11, 1865.
The full facts and particulars in theso eases arc set
forth in an ollioial report, dated January 17,1867,now
in the hands of General Grant.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. II. WILSON,
Lieut. Col. 35th Inf., Brev, Mnj. Gen. U. S. A., late
Maj, Gen. Vols., commanding Uav. Corps, M. D. M.
Chairman of the Committee of Claims, House of Reps.
The reward was offered for the arrest of Jef-
ferson Davis, and when that rule of distribu-
tion to the actual captors is passed, there is no
fixed lino of discrimination, and it then be-
comes an arbitrary matter, or rather one of
caprice. The reward was offered not for inform-
ation which might lead to his arrest, nor for
vigilant efforts, labors, and services, however
meritorious in pursuing and endeavoring to ar-
rest or capture him, but which did not succeed.
The actual arrest was to be the crowning work,
which was to earn, achieve, and receive the
reward. This was the work of Colonel Pritch-
ard and his men, of the fourth Michigan cav-
alry. While, therefore, strictly as a matter of
right under the terms of the award, we do
not consider that General Wilson or Captain
Yeoman and his men are entitled to share in
it; yet our estimation of and regard for them
is such that, under the circumstances, we would
not object to the bill reported by the commit-
tee, on account of the provisions it contains in
their favor, preferring to yield to their recom-
mendations where it does not affect our honor.
But Colonel Harnden and his regiment not
only are not entitled by tho terms of the offered
reward to share in it as a matter of right, but
they have seen fit, in presenting their claim, to
base it upon a charge against the fourth Mich-
igan regiment of the commission of an act
most diabolical and dishonorable in its nature,
and for the commission of which no possible
motive or object is shown to have existed, and
which charge is wholly unsupported by the
facts.
They cannot, then, claim a share of the
reward as a matter of right nor by the law of
courtesy, nor can the fourth Michigan consent
