3934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
to the allowance of their claim as thus pre-
sented and urged, without contributing to their
own dishonor. Far be it from us to disparage
the first Wisconsin cavalry or their services as
soldiers. The Union soldiers of all the States
during the late great rebellion wrote their own
glorious and patriotic record in imperishable
characters on the brightest page of their coun-
try's history. But we are called upon to defend
Colonel Pritchard and his men from what we
consider a most foul and unjust imputation
and aspersion which owns Colonel Harnden as
its author, and hence we have spoken. Col-
onel Pritchard, for gallant and meritorious ser-
vices ia the war, was made a brigadier general
of volunteers by brevet, and 1 am proud to
number him, as well as many of his regiment,
as among my constituents. My honored col-
league from the third district, [Mr. Blair,]
who so ably and patriotically filled the exec-
utive chair of my State during the four long,
Dloody, and devastating years of the war, as-
sisted him in organizing his regiment and issued
to him his commission, and will not fail to bear
testimony with all my colleagues to his worth,
his integrity, and high standing both as a sol-
dier and as a citizen.
By virtue of the suffrages of a vast majority
of the people of his State, he has held for two
years past the honorable and responsible office
of commissioner of the general land office of
the State, for which office he has recently been
renominated by acclamation.
The people of Michigan who know him, honor,
trust, and confide in him, and will contiuue to
do so; and while we say nothing, as we know
nothing, against the character of Colonel Harn-
den, outside of his connection with this charge,
we do know Colonel Pritchard, and his repu-
tation and his honor, the honor of his regiment
and of his State alike forbid that we should
consent or vote to reward Colonel Harnden
and his men for thus unjustly assailing him
and his regiment in connection with this trans-
action, which has now become a matter of his-
tory.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. UrsoN] has in
the course of his remarks referred to the charge
that the first Wisconsin cavalry were waylaid
and fired upon by the fourth Michigan cavalry,
and that but for this the former would have
captured Jefferson Davis. I wish to say that
the committee did not base their report on any
such ground. We do not say whether that
charge is correct or not.
Mr. UPSON. Colonel Harnden predicates
his claim on that charge.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Oh,
110.
Mr. UPSON. That is the charge which was
made before the commission, and repeated in
an affidavit before the committee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Wc
understand that Colonel Harnden made that
charge; but the committee, without attempt-
ing to determine the correctness of that charge,
say that even if the charge were unfounded
Colouol Harnden gave the information leading
to tin.- capture; he had been on the track; he
had been riding day and night; he had en-
camped during the dark hours of the night,
and slatted out at three o'clock in the morn-
ing witli_ liis regiment ready to make the cap-
tuie. Now, even though the other party hap-
pened to get to the scene of the capture, as
the affidavit, says, live minutes sooner, that
did not seem to us a reason why they should
receive the entire reward.
Mr. UPSON. I wish to correct the gentle-
man in one respect. He will find by Colonel
Pritchard's report, and by the affidavits in the
document to which I have referred, that Colonel
Pritchard obtained from a negro and from a
lady residing three miles below Abbeville, in-
formation tliat Jefferson Davis was with the
pai ty 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. But
the gentleman must be aware that that; was
subsequent to the information he received from
Colonel Harnden : that up to the tune he met
Colonel Harnden he had not heard anything
of the kind. 1 know it is claimed that subse-
quent to the time when Colonel Harnden told
him that Davis liad gone to Irwinsville, hfi was
on the track ; but it was not claimed by Colonel
Pritchard that he had heard one word in ref-
erence to the whereabouts of Jefferson Davis
before that.
Mr. UPSON. Another point is this: the
evidence shows that Colonel Pritchard's party
had surrounded Davis's camp an hour and a
half, not five minutes, before tlie other party
arrived.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
yield ten minutes to the gentleman from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Blair.]
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Speaker, I have been
anxious that this important bill might be con-
sidered in Committee of the Whole, or in some
such manner that the facts might be fully
brought to the attention of the House, in order
that the questions involved might be properly
decided. 1 deny altogether that we have any
special care as to the pai ticular persons who may
receive this money. This question reaches
further than that. This bill proposes to unset-
tle the finding that has heretofore been made
in regard to this transaction. The committee
do not deny that this capture was made en-
tirely by the fourth Michigan cavalry ; but they
undertake to weaken the statement of this
matter which has heretofore gone forth to the
country. These and otlier matters 1 should
like to consider; but I am unable to do so in
the ten minutes allowed me, and I must speak
directly to the point.
Now, sir, it is within the recollection, I sup-
pose, ol'everybody in this country that soon after
the assassination of President Lincoln in April,
1865, his successor, President Johnson, issued
a proclamation bearing date May 2, 1805, in
which, upon evidence in the department of mil-
itaryjustice, he charged Davis with beingacces-
sory to the assassination of Mr. Lincoln. U pon
that ground he offers a reward for various per-
sons, and among others a reward of §10U,U00
for,the arrest of Jefferson Davis, not to troops,
not to soldiers, not to anybody in particular,
but to any person or any single individual, any
one who should arrest Jefferson Davis—not to
any regiment which should well conduct itself;
the reward was offered to nobody or for any
other purpose than the single one of the arrest
of Jefferson Davis as a criminal, notas a traitor
to his oo :ntry at all, not as president of the
southern confederacy, but onty and simply be-
cause he was charged with being an assassin
this reward was offered and was to be given to
whomsoever should make this arrest. I sub-
mit, sir, that statement disposes of the whole
view the committee have taken.
The chairman of the committee, in the out-
set of his remarks, stated that, strictly speak-
ing, none of these people would be entitled to
this reward. Why not? There is no restric-
tion. It would go to the soldier, it would go
to the troop of soldiers, it would go to the
civilian, or to the sheriff or constable, or to
any number of persons wdio might make the
arrest, but it is confined to the persons who
shall arrest Davis. There is no denial by the
committee or any one else that the arrest was
made by Pritchard and a detachment of the
fourth Michigan cavalry. They did make the
arrest. He capturcd Jeff. Davis and lodged
him in Portress Monroe and came to Wash-
ington and reported the matter to the Secre-
tary of War, who ordered a commission to
examine in reference to the capture, and that
commission declared he was entitled to the
reward, with his detachment of the fourth
Michigan cavalry.
This is a plain, unvarnished statement of the
case. Now, Lieutenant Colonel Harnden says
he is entitled to a part of the reward. He is
not pretended to have captured Jeff. Davis,
but it is claimed he acted as meritoriously as
those who did. Very likely. I should say
that the whole Army did the same thing. I
am not about to find fault with anybody on
this subject at all. It may br- very true that
he acted as meritoriously as Colonel Pritchard
and his men. But the fact nevertheless remains
that, Colonel Pritchard did in fact make the
capture.
Now, ia my own State this question is one
of great importance, and I feet it pretty hard
that the Representatives of that State should
be confined to twenty minutes in defending
the claim of this officer and liis men. But we
must do the best we can in the limited time.
We say that upon the plainest principles which
are applied in all such cases this reward be-
longs to these men. But it is said in the argu-
ment of the committee—with some force it is
true—that the allowance was made by the
commission of the Secretary of War to all
Pritchard's men, including those who were not
present. But, sir, why? Simply because
Pritchard and those who were present agreed
to it. If they chose to take a reward which
belonged to them and divide it with their
comrades, that harms nobody and nobody has
a right to complain. It does not alter the
principle. I maintain that if fiye men of
Colonel Pritchard's force without an officer
had arrested Davis they would be entitled to
the reward. Ay, if one man, and he a civilian,
a man who had never served in the Army at
all, had arrested Davis and brought him in,
he would have been entitled to the entire
reward. Can there be any doubt of it ? Is it
not entirely clear?
Now, sir, this was the view taken of this
question by the military authorities. I will
read very briefly from the letter of the Secre-
tary of War of the 18th of April, 18o6 :
" The arrcstof thischieftraitor waseffeeteJ on May
10 last, near Irwinsville, Georgia, by the fourth
Michigan cavalry regiment, under the command of
Lieutenant Colonel B. i>. Pritchard, who starlet! upon
the pursuit with his command from Macon, Georgia,
on May 7. The reward in this case, however, is also
claimed by Lieutenant Colonel Henry Harnden, who,
with his regiment, the first Wisconsin cavalry, also
engaged in the pursuit, arrived upon the ground but
a lew minutes after the command ot Colonel Priteti-
ard had taken possession of the camp of Davis. \v uu-
out di.-cussing at length thechargeswlnch have been
made by Colonel Harnden in regard to thecouise
adopted by Colonel Pritchard upon this pursuit, it
ivill be suQicieut to observe that,upon acarefui con-
sideration of all the evidence, these charges are not
deemed to be sustained in any particular; and it is
concluded by the undersigned tnat the latter officer,
both in the pursuit and the capture, acted in entiro
good faith toward the former, and cannot be held
responsible for the momentary unfortunate collision
which took place between the two commands."
A collision which sent two men of the fourth
Michigan cavalry to the grave, but none of the
Wisconsin men. if anybody has a right to
complain of that collision I claim that it is
ourselves, and if 1 felt disposed to enter into
a statement of facts in that regard I am sure
I could easily show that that statement of the
Secretary of War is true. It is said further
by the Secretary of War:
" At tlio samo time it is proper to bear testimony
to the valuable serviecs upon this occasion of the
first Wisconsin cavalry and its commander, and to
note that while the Michigan regiment is deemed,
under the terms of the olfer, to be entitled to the
reward, the activity and zeal displayed in the pur-
suit by the other must commend it to a hardly less
honorable mention than its more fortunate ally.''
I have not a word to say in opposition to
that.
And now one word more upon this subject.
The committee have put in the name of Gen-
eral Wilson for an award of $3,000. I am not
about to quarrel with that now as it stands,
but I aslc what is the reason why, when the
committee put in the name of General Wilson,
they did not put in the name of Colonel Minty,
who commanded the Michigan cavalry, or
rather the division. It was under his order
that Colonel Pritchard was acting. Now, if
there is anything to be given to those who were
concerned in the matter, why not include Col-
onel Minty, who gave the order?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts.- I now
call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts propose to have a vote now?
