502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
continue contraction. I cannot see, then, the
object of this bill at this time, when he has
stopped contraction, unless it be as an entering
wedge to further expansion.
I offered the amendment which has just been
acted upon in order to test the sense of the
Senate upon this questiou—whether they were
willing to give the Secretary of the Treasury
power, if he should see that it was for the best
interests of the country, to introduce gold
notes payable on demand instead of the legal-
tender currency. If he could see his way to
do so in part 1 think it would be a benefit. I
have no idea that he could substitute gold
notes as a whole in place of the legal-tender
currency, because if he were to attempt that
now it would amount to the same thing; but I
think he could do it partially. I think he
might issue with safety $90,000,000 of jjjold
notes payable on demand in gold coin. 1 hat
would satisfy many of our people who desire
to return to specie payments.
There has been presented to the Senate a
memorial from the Chamber of Commerce of
New York, composed of some of the most
intelligent shipping merchants of that city and
some of the best informed financiers we have
in the country, asking Congress to adopt such
measures as shall bring us back to a specie
basis, and they have recommended a contract-
ing policy. They have recommended that ten
per cent, of the duties on imports should be
paid in legal-tender currency and that the ten
per cent, thus received should be retired from
circulation. That may be wise or it may not;
but I believe the sense of the commercial com-
munity and of the financial men of the country
is that we should take the earliest possible steps
to return to a specie basis.
If we do not, if we commence now to ex-
pand the currency again, we are going to throw
ourselves further from the desired end than
we are at present. We cannot by deterring
the time increase the amount of gold in our
Treasury. We must either contract our paper
money or hold it very near the amount of the
present currency that is in the country, and I
think the Secretary of the Treasury is best
able to judge of that matter. From all the
information that he gathers from time to time
from the different portions of the country, I
think he can determine that matter better than
we can. He can determine better whether he
is able to collect the taxes with a large amount
of currency in circulation or whether he can
collect them equally well under the policy of
contraction which has been pursued thus far.
I will not consume more time. I have sim-
ply stated these as the reasons why I shall vote
against this bill as it is presented to us to-day.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I want it
distinctly understood, as far as my vote on
this bill is concerned, that I declare no policy
but one, and that policy is that I do not want
to trust the Secretary of the Treasury with
this discretionary power any longer. I am
fully satisfied to let him cease exercising dis-
cretionary power wherever it can be done; and
my reasons for these opinions are very obvious
and may be stated very briefly.
At the conclusion of the rebellion, assuming
that we owed, in round numbers, $3,000,000,-
000, on his estimates we have been led to
impose taxes that if collected and applied
properly would have paid off that whole debt
in between eight and nine years. Indeed, the
estimates of the Secretary of the Treasury
would have paid the debt sooner than that, as
I understand, for they were cut down largely
by the proper financial committees of Congress
from time to time. But according to the taxes
we have levied to comply with his estimates, if
they had been honestly collected, the national
debt, assuming it to have been $3,000,000,000,
would be paid off in eight or nine years.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would call the Sen-
ator's attention to the report of the special
Commissioner of Revenue, in which he shows
that the last Congress, the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, appropriated $36,000,000 in excess of
the estimates, to say nothing of the appropri-
ation for bounties, which was very many mil-
lions more. The honorable Senator should
bear in mind this fact, that Congress exceeded
the estimates $36,000,000. Then there is
another thing I want to suggest to him, and
that is that the estimates of appropriations
are not made by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury except to a very small extent. He takes
the estimates as they come to him from the
other Departments as to what is needed by
them, which he has no power to affect. The
Secretary of War makes his estimates for the
War Department; the Secretary of the Navy
for the Navy Department; the Secretary of
State for the State Department; the Secretary
of the Interior for the Interior Department;
and so on. So that to a very small extent is
the Secretary of the Treasury responsible for
fha OQtlfYintPQ
Mr. STEWART. Who makes the estimates
as to taxation ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Secretary of the
Treasury estimates the amount necessary to
be raised by taxation to meet the estimates of
expenditures which are transmitted to him.
Mr. STEWART. Who makes the estimates
of what the existing laws will produce?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Those are made by the
Secretary of the Treasury; but they are always
stated by all Secretaries to be merely conjec-
tural. Nobody can make them with certainty.
Mr. Chase did not pretend to do it. No Sec-
retary of the Treasury that ever lived pre-
tended to do it, especially in such times as
these. The estimates will sometimes fall short
and sometimes run over. It depends on the
condition of the country and the condition of
business. It is affected by a great many things
that nobody can foresee. Those estimates are
always stated to be mere conjectures from
what has taken place heretofore, and if the
same exact state of things continued for the
next year the result would be the same ; but it
is not so, because the condition of things
changes from time to time. If the Senator
goes back he will see that no Secretary of the
Treasury ever pretended to make accurate
estimates, either of what would be produced
by existing laws or what would be the effect
of any changes in the laws. A Secretary esti-
mates as well as he is able, and it is a new
thing to hold him responsible for matters which
he cannot in any way control.
Mr. STEWART. I do not propose to hold
the Secretary of the Treasury to accurate esti-
mates of the amount of money to be produced
by the existing laws or proposed changes, but
I propose to hold him within the limit of two
or three hundred million dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
if he did not vote for the payment of addi-
tional bounties, or equalizing bounties, as it
was called?
Mr. STEWART. I did.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That added nearly one
hundred millions to the expenditures, which
the Secretary did not estimate.
Mr. STEWART. I say I propose to hold
him within two or three hundred million dol-
lars in his estimates. If the experience of
that office cannot come nearer than two or
three hundred million dollars to the actual
results, as has been the case since the war, I
have lost confidence in its accuracy, and if I
can have the attention of the Senator from
Maine, I think I can show that it has not come
nearer than that, unless I have been mistaken
in the policy of the Government during all that
period. My understanding of the policy of
the Government has been that it was to pay
current expenses and the interest of the public
debt, and that if.any payments were made upon
the principal of the debt, they should be merely
nominal until business was settled and the
people got fairly started again after the calam-
ities of the war. Now, so far have we departed
from that policy "that we have paid upon the
funded debt $267,000,000, I believe, above all
the appropriations of Congress. The amount
that has been paid of the unfunded debt of the
war I can hardly tell; but it is safe to say
that $250,000,000 more have been paid on that
account which could not be regarded as prop-
erly coming within any estimate of current
expenses. Perhaps this item reaches as much
as $300,000,000. The bounties to the soldiers
would not be ordinary current expenses of the
country; and if the country could not endure
the payment of that amount it should have
been added to the debt. It was really a part
of the war debt. I say, then, we have paid
of unliquidated obligations that we recog-
nized from two hundred and fifty to three
hundred million dollars besides the amount
of funded debt we have paid off; so that alto-
' gether, in three years or less, since the return
of peace, we have paid off about five hundred
million dollars of what legitimately belonged
to the war debt.
Besides this there has been a failure to col-
lect the taxes, according to the estimate of
almost every one, to the extent of from one
hundred and fifty to two hundred million dol-
lars a year. The amount has been variously
estimated; but I believe nobody has put it at
j less than $100,000,000, which the Treasury has
! lost by the failure to collect the taxes levied
] on whisky and tobacco. Those taxes, recol-
, lect, have been laid, and they have been just
as oppressive to the people as if they had been
j collected. The consumers have paid the taxes
I whether the money has gone into the Treasury
or not, and they have been a burden to that
extent upon the people. So here are at least
$400,000,000 more in the last three years which
have come out of the people's pockets. Thus
it appears that our taxation for the last three
years has produced a surplus above what I
regard, and what every one appears to regard,
as the legitimate policy of the Government on
emerging from this war, to pay current ex-
! penses and interest; there have been levied
' off the people taxes which, if collected and
: legitimately applied, would have paid off
| $900,000,000 of debt, or at the rate of $300,-
000,000 a year. The Secretary of the Treas-
i ury, of course, could not presume that the
taxes which we levied were not going to be
collected ; and when he estimates the amount
which would be produced under our laws he
made mistakes which misled everybody, mis-
led me; for these laws have in three years pro-
duced a surplus of about five hundred million
dollars that has been applied to the debt,
while in the effort to collect so large a revenue
$400,000,000 have been filched from the Treas-
ury while the taxation has operated oppres-
sively as a burden on the people. The burden
has been just as heavy on them as if the whole
amount had been collected and paid into the
Treasury.
I say these estimates have been so uncer-
tain, so unreliable, that I for one have lost
confidence in the man who makes them. If
we had started after the war levying simply
enough taxes to pay current expenses and
interest and allowed the bounties and any other
obligation that was legitimately a part of the
national debt incurred for the prosecution of
the war to be added to the funded debt until
you could have recuperated your industries,
and not placed this taxation of $900,000,000
upon us in three years, the country would have
been much better off to-day; the people would
have paid the taxes readily, ana you would
have had no difficulty in collecting the rev-
enue. Not only that, but the percentage of
your debt to the wealth of the nation would
not have been as great as it is to-day. Because
so many industries have been destroyed, wiped
out of existence, the burden of debt—that is,
the percentage of that debt to the wealth of
the nation—is greater than it would have been,
thus diminishing the wealth of the nation,
destroying its enterprise, increasing the bur-
den of the debt. Although it does not increase
its nominal sum it increases its weight, because
it diminishes the power of the people to bear
that weight.
And while we were levying these taxes on the
people we were contracting all the while, mak-
ing it more difficult to pay. As was shown by
