2910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
June 6,
Mr. ROSS. I would like to have the report
in this cavse read.
The report was read, from which it appears
that Christopher M. Cornmesser, ori or about
the 20th June, 1861, volunteered and joined
as a private the-iodependentlowa home guards,
under the command of Captain V. Wainwright,
which company at the earnest solicitation of
Hie loyal home guards of the counties of Gen-
try and Worth, in the State of Missouri,
inarched into said counties to aid in dispers-
ing bands of rebels there congregated, and
that Cornmesser, while in the line of duty on
the 21st day of July, 1861, was by an acci-
dental discharge of a gun wounded, the ball
penetrating the fore-part of his leg near the
ankle joint,- passing through and shattering the
leg and ankle bones so as to render him a
cripple for life.
The petitioner made an application to the
Pension Office for a pension but it was rejected
upon the ground that there was no record evi-
dence of the organization of the company.
Mr. ROSS. Does not'this bill incorporate
a new principle in our pension laws? If so,
why not make the bill applicable to all indi-
viduals who volunteered at that part of the
war, and served without being mustered into
the service of the United States?
Mr. MILLER. The committee determined
to decide each case on its own merits when
presented.
Mr. ROSS. I think it a dangerous precedent
to grant pensions to individuals who have not
been regularly mustered into the service of the
United States.
Mr. MILLER. He performed valuable ser-
vice to his country under the circumstances.
I call the previous question.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question ; and upon a division, there
were—ayes 59, noes 3 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Miller and
Mr. Ross were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 92, noes 4.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 65S) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1869, and for other purposes ;
and
Aii act (H. R. No. 1117) to partially supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the fiscal year ending on the 30th June,
1868.
sarah webb.
Mr. POLSLEY, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported back, with a rec-
ommendation that the same do pass, Senate
bill No. 339, granting a pension to Sarah
Webb, widow of William R. Webb, and her
minor child.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill, which was read at length, directs
the Secretary of the Interior to place the name
of Sarah Webb, widow of William R. Webb,
private in company K, first regiment Tennes-
see volunteer infantry, on the pension-roll,
and to pay her at the rate of eight dollars per
month, commencing on the 14th of May, 1863,
to continue during her widowhood; and the
additional sum of two dollars per month for
her minor child, to commence July 25, 1866,
and to continue until the said child shall have
attained the age of sixteen years.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. POLSLEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
business of pension committee.
Mr. BURR. I ask unanimous consent of
the House that the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be allowed another morning hour on
Friday next. We have a large number of re-
ports to make in very meritorious cases which
I am sure will lead to no discussion at all. It
will be remembered that the committee did not
get its full morning hour yesterday.
Mr. PERHAM. I hope no objection will
be made.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Iam
willing they shall have another morning hour,
after the Committee of Claims have been
called.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object?
Mr. BURR. There may be some Massa-
chusetts cases to be reported upon by the Com-
mittee on Pensions, which the gentleman may
be slaughtering by his objection.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
trouble will be that it will put off our com-
mittee one morning.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent. If the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Washburn] insists upon his objec-
tion the arrangement cannot be made.
Mr.. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
will withdraw my objection.
No further objection being made, leave was
given accordingly to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions to occupy a morning hour on Friday
next.
bridget w. m'grorty.
Mr. POLSLEY, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that the same do pass, Senate bill
No. 39, granting a pension to Bridget W.
McGrorty.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill, which was read at length, directs
the Secretary of the Interior to place the name
of Bridget W. McGrorty, widow of William B.
McGrorty, deceased, late a first lieutenant and
regimental quartermaster of the fifth regiment
of Minnesota volunteers, on the pension-roll,
at the rate of seventeen dollars per month, to
commence February 1G, 1865, and continue
during her widowhood; and two dollars per
month to each child of said William B. Mc-
Grorty under the age of sixteen years, to com-
mence on the 25th of July, 1866, and to con-
tinue until said children shall respectively
attain the age of sixteen years.
The bill was then read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. POLSLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
michael hennessey.
Mr. POLSLEY also, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, reported back, with an
amendment, a bill (S. No. 280) granting a pen-
sion to Michael Hennessey, of~i?latte county,
Missouri.
The bill, which was read, proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Interior to place on the list
of invalid pensions the name of Michael Hen-
nessey, and to pay him at the rate of eight
dollars per month, to commence on the first
of January, 1865, and to •continue during his
natural life.
The amendment of the committee was to
strike out afl after the word "month," and
insert the words "subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, commenc-
ing January 1, 1865."
The amendment was agreed to.
  The bill, as amended, was ordei-ed 'to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was on the passage of the bill.
Mr. ROSS. I would like to inquire to what
regiment this soldier belonged.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and this bill goes over till the morn-
ing hour of next Friday.
postal contracts, etc.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Postmaster General, transmitting, in com-
pliance with the act of July 2, 1886, reports
of offers received and contracts made under
various advertisements; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of/con-
ference on the bill (H. R. No. 1039) t^admit
the State of Arkansas to representation in
Congress.
internal tax bill^
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and resume the consideration of
the internal tax bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. (Mr.
Pomeroy in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being the bill
(H. R. No. 1060) to reduce into one act and
to amend the laws relating to internal taxes.
The pending section was section twenty-two,
which had been amended to read as follows:
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That it shall bp
the duty of all persons required to make returns of
income and articles or objects charged with an inter-
nal tax to declare in such returns whether the sev-
eral rates and amounts therein contained are stated
according to their values in currency or according to
their values in coin, and in case of neglect or refusal
so todeclare to the satisfaction of the assistan t assessor
receiving such returns, such assistant assessor is
hereby required to make returns for such persons so
neglecting or refusing, as in eases of persons neg-
lecting or refusing to make any return, and to assess'
the tax thereon, and to add thereto ihe amount of
penal tax or penalties imposed by law in eases of
such neglect or refusal. And whenever the rates
and amounts contained in the returns as aforesaid
shall bo stated in coin, it shall be the duty of eac-h
assessor receiving the same to reduce such rates and
amounts to their equivalent in currency, according
to the value of such coin in said currency for the time
covered by such returns. And the returns required
to be furnished to collectors by assessors shall in all
cases contain the several amounts of taxes assessed,
estimated, or valued in currency only.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending amend-
ment is that of the gentleman from Rhode
Island, [Mr. jenckes,] to strike out in line
twelve the word " penalties :" and insert in lieu
thereof the word "taxes," so as to make the
clause read as follows:
And in ease of neglect or refusal so to declare to
the satisfaction of the assistant assessor receiving
such returns, such assistant assessor is hereby required
to make returns for such persons so neglccting or
refusing, a«m eases of persons neglecting or refusing
to make any return, and to assess the tax thereon,
and to add thereto the amount of penal tax or taxes
imposed by law in eases of such neglect or refusal.
Debate was exhausted on this amendment.
Mr. POLAND. I move the following as an
amendment to the amendment:
. Strike out the word "penalties," and in lieu thereof
insert the words "additional per cent, for neglect or
refusal to make return." t
.Mr. Chairman, I think the Committee of
Ways aud Means will see the propriety of
striking out the word "penalty" aud inserting
either what I have proposed or something like
it. This section provides that every person
making return of' income or of articles or
objects subject to tax shall specify whether
that return is made on the basis of currency
or coin, and if he neglects or refuses so to
specify in his return, it is made the duty of the
assessor to add to the tax '• the amount "of pen-
alties imposed by law in eases of such neglect
or refusalthat is, neglect or refusal to make
