1886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16;
Mr. NIBLACK. There happened to be so
few present on this side of the House that we
could not get the yeas and nays. The measure
was brought up at a time when we were wholly
unprepared for it, and we had not the power
to do anything in the way of resisting its
Mr. ALLISON. I think the explanation of
the gentleman from Indiana .[Mr. Niblack] is
abundantly satisfactory. Gentlemen on the
other side certainly were not "napping."
They understood the bill and did not object to
it. I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman permit
me to say a word?
Mr. ALLISON. I beg the gentleman to
postpone his remarks.
Mr. WOOD. 1 do not want to detain gen-
tlemen who desire to be dining; but I would
like to say a few words on this question.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 think that at another
time there will be no objection.
Mr. WOOD. I will not insist upon going
on now if the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Al-
lison] wants to go home.
On motion of Mr. ALLISON, the House
(at four o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio: The petition of
George W. Reynolds and 147 others, citizens of
Maumee city, Ohio, praying Congress for a
reduction of the Army and Navy, and for
a reduction of the tax on manufactures, and
for other measures of relief.
Also, the petition of John N. Pease, Wash-
ington Lenderson, and others, citizens of Syl-
vania, Lueas county, Ohio, on the same sub-
ject.
Also, the petition of M. Shoemaker, H.
Moore & Co., and others, manufacturers of
Toledo, Ohio, on the same subject.
Also, the petition of H. G. Cartwright, James
F. Hamilton, and a large number of officers
and soldiers of New Burlington, Ohio, pro-
testing against the passage of a bill introduced
by Senator Wilson, of Massachusetts, January
20, 1868, which proposes new and invidious
changes in the law affecting the bounty, back
pay, and the right of the soldier to a fair hear-
ing in the courts against the ruling of the De-
partment of War.
Also, the petition from O. R. Small, H. C.
White, and others, officers and soldiers of Lis-
bon, Ohio, on the same subject.
Also, the petition of James A. Tulleys, Ham-
ilton Walley, and others, officers and soldiers
of Bainbridge, Ohio, on the same subject.
Also, the proceedings of the Toledo board of
trade, protesting against the proposed change
in the coin of the United States, as provided
in a bill introduced into the Senate by lion.
Jonx Sherman, Senator from Ohio ; said
change proposing to stamp one side of the coin
with the emblem of France and the value of
such coin in the French language, and the re-
verse side with American devices and the
value in the English language.
Also, the petition of George W. Wright,
Samuel Andrews, and a large number ofprinters
in the city of Toledo, Ohio, protesting against
the passage of the bill now before Congress
securing an international copyright.
• Also, the petition of McCarthey & Meloney,
and other journeyman cigar-makers, of the
tenth congressional district of Ohio, objecting,
for reasons stated in petition, against the pas-
sage of the bill now before the Committee of
Ways and Means providing that a stamp shall
be affixed to each cigar.
Also, the petition of Chase, Isherwood & Co.,
Bronson & Messenger, and Worts, Nash & Co.,
manufacturers of tobacco, at Toledo, Ohio,
protesting against the passage of the bill now
before the Committee of Ways and Means
which provides that all fine cut and chewing
tobacco shall be put up in foil or paper, for
reasons therein set forth.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of Myron
Hinkley and 44 others; citizens of Michigan,
praying Congress for a reduction of expendi-
tures and taxation.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 16, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of last Friday's legislative pro-
ceedings was read and approved.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, communicating, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of the 6th instant,
information in relation to the disposition made
of the proceeds of captured and abandoned
property received by Colonel Holabird, assist-
ant quartermaster; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
and ordered to be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid
before the Senate a message from the Presi-
dent of the United States, in answer to a res-
olution of the Senate of the 27th of January
last, in relation to the arrest and trial of Rev.
John McMahon, Robert B. Lynch, and John
Warren by the Government of Great Britain,
and the action taken by this Government in
maintaining the rights of American citizens
abroad; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
impeachment proceedings.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I offer the following order,
which I ask to have considered at this time, so
that, if agreed to, the Globe report of our pro-
ceedings may be made perfect:
Ordered, That the Secretary furnish from his Jour-
nal to tho reporters, for the purposo of insertion m
the official reports, minutes of the proceedings and
lists of yeas and nays taken on motions submitted to
the Senate "when sitting on the trial of impeach-
ments when such proceedings and yeas and nays are
not taken when tho doors of the Senate Chamber
are open.
I do not know but that the order explains
itself; if it does not I will explain it. The
Constitution requires that a Journal shall be
kept of all the proceedings of the Senate, in-
cluding, of course, as well its judicial pro-
ceedings as its legislative and executive pro-
ceedings. The rules respecting the trial of
impeachments also require that a Journal shall
be kept of our proceedings, and that the yeas
and nays shall be taken and entered on tho
record when required. The Journal of such
proceedings as were bad when the doors were
closed for deliberation the other day is, of
course, not accessible to the reporters, while
the rule requires that all the proceedings shall
be reported in the same manner as legislative
proceedings. The rule as to deliberation, of
course, on the face of it, only contemplates that
the privacy of the Senate shall relate to the
informality and interchange of opinion and
discussion upon pending propositions. There-
fore I take it that the minutes of our proceed-
ings while the doors are closed are just as
much a necessary part of our Journal proceed-
ings, and therefore a public part, as any
other; aud, in order to make the record of
the trial complete, which we require to be
published in the Globe, it is essential that
these minutes of our votes and proceedings
should be furnished to the reporters, that they
may go into the Globe.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think this had better
lie over until to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution goes over under the
rule.
soldiers* bounty.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ment to the bill of the House of Representa-
tives No. 331, to facilitate the payment of sol-
diers' bounties under the act of 1860, disagreed
to by the House; and
On motion by Mr. WILSON,
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ment to tho said bill, and agree to the conference
asked by the House of Representatives on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on thepart of the Sen-
ate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Messrs. Wilson, Howard, and Ferry the con-
ferees on the part of the Senate.
pension appropriation bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill of the House of Representa-
tives No. 678, making appropriations for the
payment of invalid and other pensions of the
u nited States for the year ending June 30,1869,
disagreed to by the House; and
On motion by Mr. MORRILL, of Maine,
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill, and agree to tho conference
asked by the House of Representatives on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That tho conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by tho President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Messrs. Grimes, Conkling, and Morrill, of
Vermont, the conferees on the part pf the
Senate.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
resolutions of the constitutional convention of
Ge rgia, in favor of a loan of $100,000 by the
Government to the South Georgia and Florida
railroad ; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented resolutions of the consti-
tutional convention of South Carolina, against
a repeal or reduction of the import duty on
rice; which were referred to the Committee
on Finance.
He also presented resolutions of the Toledo
Board of Trade, protesting against any change
in the system of coinage ; which were referred
to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of Jesse Bald-
win, praying for the payment in gold of any
outstanding Treasury seven-thirty notes of the
issue of 1861; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of
bankers, merchants, and citizens'of New York,
remonstrating against the passage of certain
amendments to Senate bill No. 207, for fund-
ing the national debt, and for the conversion
of the notes of the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of retired
officers of the Army, asking that no reduction
shall be made in their pay and emoluments;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Ontario, Livingston, and Monroe counties,
New York, requesting that drafted men may
receive the same bounty as volunteers, and
that soldiers who volunteered, and from no
fault of their own did not serve out the term
for which they enlisted, may receive the bounty
promised them ; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of John
Graham, of the town of College Point, county
of Queens, New York, praying compensation
for carrying the mails from New Orleans to
Key West for the quarter commencing April
1 and ending June 30, 1855; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of David
McCauley, praying for the reduction of tho
Abercrombie reservation so far as to exclude
therefrom certain property belonging to him ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a memorial of the Cham-
ber of Commerce of the city of St. Paul, Min-
nesota. praying that an appropriation may be
made for the improvement of the Minnesota
river in accordance with the recommendations
of Major General G. K. Warren, of the engi-
neer corps; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
