1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
return at all. Now, by turning back to sec-
tion eighteen we find what the penalty is for
neglecting or refusing to make any return.
The last clause of the eighteenth section is
as follows:
And if any person, on being notified or required as
aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to render such
return within the time designated, he shall, on con-
Iiooo11' be fined not less than nor more than
I hat is for refusal to make any return. This
section as presented by the committee provides
that it shall be the duty of the assessor to add
to the tax some penalty imposed for refusal to
make any return. It is clear in my judgment,
and I think in that of the chairman of the com-
mittee and of every member of the House,
that it is entirely bejpnd our jurisdiction to
invest an assessor with that power.
The amount of the penalty is not fixed. It
is not less than $100 and not more than §1,000.
You cannot make the assessor a ciiminal judge
to say what shall be the intermediate sum.
There is a variety of provisions in relation
to penalties. In section twenty-seven, in the
case of a false or fraudulent return, the assessor
is to add one hundred per cent, to the tax ; and
iu case of neglect or refusal to make a return
he is to add fifty per cent, to the tax. Then it
provides:
And if any person shall deliver or disclose to any
assessor or assistant assessor any false or fraudulent
return or statement, with intent to defeat or evade
the valuation, enumeration, or assesouieut required
to be made, or if any person, who. being duly sum-
moned to testify, or to produce any book as aforesaid,
shall refuse or willfully neglect to appear or to pro-
duce said book, ho shall, on conviction thereof, be
lined not less than £100 nor more than $5,000, and
imprisoned not less than one month nor more than
two yeais.
In section thirty there is a general provision
that the assessor may put any penalty which
arises under this law in the list of taxes to be
returned to the collector, and it is then pro-
vided that the collector, upon the receipt of
such list, shall proceed to collect such penal-
ties by distraint or suit as provided by law for
the collection of taxes. It is clear that we
have no such constitutional power. I agree
where a man fails to make his return by a cer-
tain time that a certain percentage may be
added. It may be said to be an additional
tax. If a man makes his return by a stated
time his tax is to be so much. If he fails,
then his tax is to be a certain percentage more.
In any event, that is only a tax, and we can
put it in the list and distrain the man's prop-
erty to collect it. But where it is a penalty for
violation of law it comes clearly within that
provision of the Constitution, and may be levied
only by due process of law.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHEXCK. Mr. Chairman, the gen-
tleman seems to think there is very clear reason
to be presented against the provisions of this
and other sections relating to penalties. If we
are mistaken we are mistaken advisedly.
First, on the subject of penalties generally.
There are two classes of them. One penalty
is to be ascertained by calculation, being a per-
centage on the tax, as for instance in the case
of delinquency where the tax is to be collected
and in consequence of the delinquency fifty
per cent, is added. The other penalties are
those which are fixedby law, a stipulated or fixed
sum, a penalty of fifty dollars or $100 or other
number of dollars. One is as easily ascertain-
able as the other. If it be unconstitutional to
fix and collect it as having become a part of
the tax, or incident to the tax, a specific pen-
alty, then it must be equally unconstitutional
to connect with the tax as an incident to it and
collect a percentage on that tax ; the only dif-
ference being that you ascertain one by refer-
ence to the letter of the law, and the other by
referring to the tax and making a calculation.
If one be more certain than the other it is the
fixed, specific penalty, rather than the calcu-
lated penalty, for in that you have to go one
step further and make an arithmetical calcu-
lation, simple though it be.
The gentleman refers back to the eighteenth
section, and says the penalty there is a fine.
He would not have made that reference if it
had not escaped his observation that not only
in this bill but in the old law as it now exists
upon the statute book, and since the beginning
of the tax system- the distinction is continually
drawn between penalties and fines. On con-
viction there may be fine and imprisonment as
a punishment. The penalty is not the punish-
ment -which is to be inflicted.
Mr. POLAND. If the gentleman will yield
a moment I will call his attention to this pro-
vision :
Such assistant assessor is hereby required to make
returns for such persons so neglecting or refusing, as
in cases of persons neglecting or refusing to make
any return.
Mr. SCHENCIv. In that particular case
there is no penalty imposed. There is a fine
and imprisonment. But there are other cases
where upon a refusal to make returns there is
a penalty, and also a fine and imprisonment.
All through the law as it now exists, and all
through this bill which we present, a distinc-
tion is drawn between penalties. If it is to be
sued for it is sued in a civil case as for debt;
but a fine is a punishment inflicted after a con-
viction for an offense. *
Then, again, the gentleman speaks of it as
being unconstitutional and unusual. Why, sir,
this very clause is copied from the law as it has
been on the statute-book enacted, and after-
ward reenacted. If you will refer to the third
section of the act of March, I860, from which
the substance of this clause is taken, you will
find this clause, which I read last night:
And in case of neglect or refusal so to declare to
the satisfaction of the assistant assessor receiving
such returns or lists, such assistant assessor is hereby
required to make returns or lists for such persons so
neglecting or refusing, as in cases of persons neglect-
ing or refusing to make the returns or lists required
by the acts aforesaid, and to assess the tax thereon,
and to add thereto the amount of penalties imposed
by law in cases of such negloct or refusal.
The only difference made is, that having
originally reported to add the penalties, the
committee propose to insert the words " penal
tax or penalty," as it now stands amended.
The gentleman's objection is to penalties, not
to penal lax, and yet "penalty" is the very
word of the old law that we retain. His objec-
tion is not to the new matter that we have put
in, which seems to accord with his own ideas,
but he claims as unconstitutional and unpre-
cedented exactly that which has all along been
in the law.
One word as to the reason for this assess-
ment of penalties. From all quarters we learn,
on consultation with assessors, that in nine
cases out of ten when you assess the tax and
a penalty has accrued, and there is a stated
amount with a percentage, and that also is
assessed with the tax and returned to the party,
it will be paid without objection. Thus a great
saving of money and of expense is made to
the Government. Either conscious that they
are liable for the penalty or for some other
reason the party will generally submit. And
yet we do not trench on the constitutional
privilege of the party to be heard, because we
do not take away his right to a suit in court.
He may afterward sue and recover, or he may
apply to the Commissioner, as in any other
case, to have the penalty remitted. There is
a special clause providing for that.
Mr. POLAND. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I renew it for the purpose
of making a suggestion to the chairman of the
committee. I agree to the philosophy of the
committee in incorporating into the tax what-
ever penalty accrues. In the eighteenth sec-
tion it is provided that—
If any person, on being notified or required as afore-
said, shall refuse or neglect to render such return
within the time designated, he shall, on conviction,
bo fined not less than $100 nor more than $1,000.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is fine, not penalty.
Mr. DAWES. It is a fine that the assessor
is authorized to impose.^ The assessor refers
back to this law and finds^that it authorizes 1
him to impose a penalty. This is the difficulty ,
in my mind. We impose upon the assessor a
duty which is entirely a judicial one. lie has
a discretionary penalty to impose. It may be
one sum; it cannot exceed another sum ; it,
must be contained within limitations accord-
ing to bis discretion as to the enormity of the
offense in violating the law. That seems to
me to have all the elements of being a judicial
decision on the part of this assessor. Now,
if my friend can get round that, or will so
change the phraseology of the bill as not -to
be open to that objection, I will yield entirely
to his argument as to the propriety of the
process.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman has de-
tected, if he has detected anything, the omis-
sion of penalties in section eighteen in regard
to this particular class of delinquencies. The
penalties and the fines are distinct things, and
the fines we have made discretionary with the
court, for they are only to be imposed on con-
viction.
In other parts of the bill we provide for pen-
alties for offenses in various cases of refusal to
make returns. For instance, on page 31, wo
provide that—
In ease of a refusal or neglect, except in cases of
sickness or absence, to make a return, or to verify
the same as aforesaid, he shall add fifty per cent, to
such tax.
Mr. DAWES. I do not object to that. I do
not desire to detain the committee any longer.
I merely wished to get the views of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means on
that subject.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JENCKES. The very reason why I
made the motion last night to strike out the
word "penalty" was because of its being in
the present law, and its having created the
trouble which I then attempted to explain. It
is no reason for retaining it here that it has
been found a stumbling-block in the existing
law; but it is a reason for its being removed.
The point I wish to make on this section, as
well as on subsequent sections, I will restate;
and it is this: that so far as relates to any
penal tax or assessment, any mode by which
the tax of a person may be increased by com-
putation, by mere arithmetic, those penal as-
sessments may be added to the actual proper
assessment, and collected in the mode pre-
scribed in the act without objection; but where
any sum is to be added to a tax properly as-
sessed under the law by reason of the miscon-
duct of the party assessed, of any act that
amounts to malum prohibitum, and for the
doing of which, or the not doing of which either,
the penalty is imposed, in that case the per-
son is entitled to a trial by a court of compe-
tent jurisdiction before he can be deprived of
his property by reason of his misconduct.
With regard to the first class of cases, they
are properly within this section and the thirtieth
section ; but in regard to all other cases where
penalties are imposed for misconduct they do
not seem to me proper to be included either in
this section orin the other. They should come
within the scope of the fifty-sixth section, which
provides for the collection of these penalties,
fines, and forfeituies in courts of law.
The gentleman says that if the assessment lias
been improperly increased the party aggrieved
may have his appeal to the Commissioner, and
that is sufficient; but that is not so, because
he stands charged with doing something which
the laws of his country forbid, and he should
not rest under the imputation or be obliged to
remove it by bringing a civil action or by appeal-
ing to an irresponsible tribunal, to the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, because his
decisions maybe governed by principle or they
may not; they may be governed by caprice.
Every person, before he can be deprived of his
property for any act done or any act left undone
! in violation of the laws of his country, should
! have a proper trial in a court competent to try
! him for that purpose. It was for that reason
! that 1 moved to strike out the word " penalty ;
1 but I will accept the amendment of the gentle-
1 rfJan from Vermont, [Mr. Polaxd,] which
simply carries it a little further, so that one
vote may decide the question.
,i Mr. SCHENCK. 1 ask unanimous consent
