1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
503
the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Catteix,]
last summer, when a large amount of the com-
pound-interest notes, which were legal tenders
to all intents and purposes, fell due, $15, WO, 000
in the course of a couple of months, instead
of easing up during that time, instead of stop-
ping contraction, he went on with his regular 1
contraction of $4,000,000 a month during that j;
period, producing an exceedingly rough time, i
When this discretion was proposed to be left
to the Secretary of the Treasury I inquired the
meaning of that law, and I was informed that
there were times when certain kinds of currency
that were being used would mature, the com-
pound-interest notes for example, and at that
period it was not desirable to have the cur-
rency contracted; it could not be done arbi-
trarily, and that there were other periods when
more money would be needed, and it was
expected that the Secretary of the Treasury at
those times would cease his contraction. He
has not done it.
Now, I believe that every Senator who votes
for this bill understandingly votes to some
extent a want of confidence in the Secretary
of the Treasury ; and surely all do who are not
in favor of expansion, because if he had used
this discretion only at those times when it
would not be oppressive to the people, if he had
used it with that care for the business interests
of the country which was expected, those not
in favor of expansion would not be in favor of
taking this discretion from him. If these
estimates had not been so large, if the policy
of the country had not been to levy taxes to
such an extent that they could not be collected,
we should probably have arrived at specie pay-
ments to-day without any difficulty; but it is
impossible to levy taxes at this rate on the
people and at the same time contract the cur-
rency. Both cannot be done to the extent that
they have been done.
1 do not profess to be skilled in finance. I
am only looking at the general results, and
from what has been done these are the results
we might have expected after this war. It is
idle to say that they could not have been
avoided. I believe they could have been. We
see a reason staring us in the face; we see that
the people were in no condition to stand these
taxes, to pay this enormous amount of debt.
This policy has prevented the debt assuming
its legitimate size. The debt was about three
thousand million dollars if it were all funded.
Now anybody can see that if there had been
no attempt to pay off the principal of the debt,
and taxes had been levied simply to the extent
necessary to pay the interest on it and meet
the current expenses of the Government, we
should not have required more than half the
revenues we have collected, and business would
have prospered ; at least industries would not
have been killed, and then a little contraction
until we got to a specie basis without affecting
the business of the country would not be inju-
rious ; but to make these payments on account
of the principal of the debt, and then take the
money away from the people to meet them in
so short a period, renders it imppssible for the
people to bear the burden and contraction at
the same time.
I am in favor of this bill.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to answer some
of the arguments of the Senator from Nevada.
I contend that the estimates which were made
were made on the probabilities that the taxa-
tion would produce sufficient to meet the ex-
penses of the Government. The system of
taxation which we adopted was an untried one
in this country. It was impossible to tell how
much the levy would produce. It was a sys-
tem for which the Secretary is not responsible,
and it has produced a very large amount over
and above the expenses of the Government.
I consider that the Secretary of the Treasury,
in making his estimates, made them with safety,
with a view of being upon the safe side. If I
were going to choose a financial man to man-
age my affairs I would certainly choose one
who would make his estimates a little over
rather than a little under, and have some cash
to spare at the end of the year. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury has done this. He has
made safe estimates ; he has, perhaps, over-
estimated the expenses of the Government
and under-estimated the income, and by doing
so the result is that we have had a larger
amount of net income than he actually ex-
pected, and he has applied that amount to the
reduction of the national debt.
I contend that the period of inflation, when ! j
there was such an immense amount of currency j
in the country, when every one was prospering j
and making money, was the time to levy a |
heavy tax and reduce the debt to a reason-
able amount. If the debt had been left at
$3,000,000,000 it would have been a great bur- j
den upon the manufacturing and other inter-
ests of the country to pay the interest upon
that debt hereafter. I believe it should have
been reduced when we were all prospering, ;
as the Secretary of the Treasury did reduce it.
Now is the time to reduce the taxes, when you
have become settled in your business affairs;
when you can calculate upon about the amount
of money you will realize from the various \
sources of revenue. From the experience you
have had in the past you can now graduate
your taxes according to your expenses. Pre- '
vious to this time you could not do it. But, sir,
I shall say no more at this time in answer to the
argument of the Senator from Nevada, which
I believe is not sound.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer the
following amendment, to be added to the bill
as a proviso : .
Provided, That the suspension herein provided for
shall cease whenever and for such time as the cur-
rent price of gold coin shall be at the rate of $140
or over of United States notes for $100 of coin.
Mr. President, I do not desire to protract
the time of taking the vote upon this bill; but
I offer this amendment in the hope that the
Senate will see its propriety, and I trust that
the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Finance will accept it. I understand by the
tone of all the debate here that the object of
this bill is to keep our currency as it is, to have
it retain a permanent fixed value in order that
the people may know what they are about. If
that is the intention, certainly this amendment
is calculated to carry it out. It simply provides
that when gold shall rise above 140 this law shall
no longer be suspended. I hope the chairman
of the Committee on Finance will accept it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust we shall not allow
our legislation to depend on the fluctuations of
the bulls and bears in New York. That would
introduce a more uncertain element into our
legislation than we have usually had.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for the
yeas and nays on my amendment.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say only one
word on this amendment. 1 shall make no
speech, because I think the sooner we act and
pass this bill the better. I have simply risen
to say that I cannot imagine that anybody can
vote "for this amendment. It is just allowing
the boards of brokers in New York and else-
where to fix the value and extent of your cur-
rency. What is the price of gold but a mere
nominal thing fixed by the circumstances of a
day or an hour? Tome the proposition seems
so ridiculous that I cannot imagine how it could
have come from so able a man as I believe the
Senator from Vermont to be, one so well
versed in finance as he has the reputation of
being. It is worse than the bill introduced by
a Representative from Pennsylvania a few days
ago which gave the Secretary of the Treasury
the power to regulate gold by buying and sell-
ing. I trust there will be no vote in the Senate
for such a proposition.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to ask the
author of this amendment whether he knows
that gold is now 141.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I knew a little
while ago that it was 140, and I had no doubt
it would soon be 141, and if we pass such
measures as this I presume it will be*100.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand it left off
at 141 in New York to-day.
Mr. CORBETT. That is on the under-
standing in New York derived from a tele-
gram sent from here that this bill will pass,
and then it will probably go up to 145.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 6, nays 37; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Conkling, Edmunds, Ferry, Fessen-
dcn, Morgan, and Morrill of Vermont—6.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cameron,
Cattell, Cole, Conness, Corbett, Davis, Dixon, Drake,
Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Harlan, Henderson,
Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Morton, Norton, Nye,
Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross,
Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tip-
ton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Wil-
liams, and Wilson—37. .
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Chandler, Cragin, Doo-
little, Guthrie, Johnson. Morrill of Maine, Patter-
son of New Hampshire, Saulsbury, and Yates—10.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. To avoid the criticism
of some Senators, and to meet an objection, I
propose to insert some words which will make
what I think already clear enough clearer. It
is to insert in line thirteen after the word "sus-
pended" the words I send to the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will
be in order when the bill is reported to the
Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is in order now. I
can insert new language. It does not strike
out anything at all, but it adds a few words.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the amendment be
read and we shall see.
The Secretary read the proposed amend-
ment, which was in line thirteen after the word
"suspended" to insert the words "and the
amount of such notes now existing shall not
be further reduced."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the bill be read as it
will stand if amended.
The Secretary read as follows :
That so much of the act approved April 12,1866,
entitled "An act to amend an act entitled 'An act to
provide ways and means to support the Govern-
ment,' approved March 3,1865," as provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury may retire and cancel Uni-
ted States notes to the extent of $4,000,000 per month
be, and thesame is hereby, suspended, and the amount
of such notes now existing shall not be further re-
duced until Congress shall otherwise provide.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest the point of
order that the Senator from Ohio did a few
moments ago on another proposition : that is
clearly an amendment to the amendment of
the Finance Committee. It is not an addi-
tion to it. It changes or purports to change
I the phraseology of th^amendment as it reads
' in the midst of the body of it.
I Mr. SHERMAN. If there is any doubt
about it I wjll withdraw it for the present. I
do not think it comes within the rule the Sen-
ator suggests.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I am
inclined to think it is out of order.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; I withdraw
it; but I give notice that I shall offer it in the
Senate.
Mr. SPRAGUE. As this question involves
our whole financial policy, and as there are
three or four gentlemen who desire to speak on
the subject, and as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has determined by letter not to contract,
so that no immediate danger in that regard
exists and the country may be content to that
extent—under these circumstances I do not
believe that any haste is necessary. Not at
present feeling equal to the duty whicn I owe
to myself and to my constituents by proceed-
ing with the remarks I intend to submit, I
move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before
putting the question on that motion the Chair
will ask the indulgence of the Senate to lay
before them several matters now on the table.
quorum of tiie supreme court.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendments of the House of
Representatives to the bill of the Senate (S.
No. 103) declaring what shall constitute a
quorum of the Supreme Court.
The amendments were read, as follows:
Add as an additional section the following:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That no cause
pending before the Supremo Court of the United
