188&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
by the United States. The work was com-
menced under the aot of 1862 and the State
charters to whiefe I have alluded; but it was
evident that it gbuld not succeed without some
additional legislation. What was called the
Southern Pacific, now the Union Pacific, east-
ern division, when the act of 1864 was passed,
were by their charter to make their road in
such a mode that they would connect at a point
one hundred miles distant from the town
of Atchison with what I shall call for sim-
plicity the Central*Pacific railroad; and they
were to make from that terminus, as a part of
their own road, a continuous road to the main
trunk. If that law had been carried out St.
Louis and Baltimore, and several of the other
growing cities and cities yet in prospect, would
have shared equally in the benefit of the un-
dertaking; and in 1864 Congress passed an act
by which they provided that these several com-
panies might consolidate for the purpose of
.making their respective roads; but it provided
a very proper provision—a provision neces-
sary to save the undertaking from defeat in
whole or in part—that if any one of the com-
panies consolidated or not consolidated should
fail to make the road according to the plans
then determined upon, there being maps of
those plans then on file in the Land Office, either
of the other companies who had an interest
in the completion of the particular road should
be at liberty to complete it.
In 1866 Congress passed an act by which
they relieved the Union Pacific, eastern divis-
ion, from making the connection between their
road and the point to which the Central Pa-
cific was authorized to make its road ; and, as
the Central Pacific* at that time had no au-
thority to go beyond the one hundred miles, it
would, unless some other provision was made,
have defeated altogether the central route.
When Congress authorized the Union Pacific,
eastern division, to abandon the route which
they were to adopt under the first law, tliey,
in my opinion, by their legislation agreed that
the Central Pacific should be at liberty to extend
its road to the one hundredth meridian upon
the same terms and with the same aid that the
Union Pacific, eastern division, would have
done if they had not been relieved from the
obligation imposed upon them by the original
law. The Union Pacific, eastern division,
then adopted the route which they were author-
ized to take under the act of 1866.
What was the state of things at that
time 1 The central branch had made its road
one hundred miles from the point of its begin-
ning, made it fairly, legally; the stockholders
had spent not only all the money they indi-
vidually could raise, but all the money that
the Government afforded them by means of its
bonds ; constructed the road in the very best
possible mode in which such a structure could
be established; furnished it with locomotive
power and with all the necessary passenger
cars, and found that by force of the act of 1806,
and the eastern division of the Union Pacific
having adopted the route which they were au-
thorized to adopt under that act, their road was
comparatively, if not totally, valueless in their
hands. They were enterprising men; they
undertook the work in good faith, expended
their money upon the assumption, which they
had a right to make, that the Government
would act in perfect good faith with them,
upon the assumption that their road would be
connected with the main trunk, and that it
would enjoy all the advantages consequent
upon such a connection, instead of being
visited with the bankruptcy, as far as the road
is concerned, of being forced to terminate their
line in the prairies, where there is no city, no
trade, and no trade possible for years to come.
Not only was that operation the effect upon
them of the act of 1866 and what was done
under the authority of that act, but the whole
benefit of the enterprise was lost to the cities
and the country lying within the line of the
Central Pacific. They coald not get to the
main trunk by any direct route. Their only
way of reaching there was by running up to
the north as far as Chicago, and when they
reached Chicago they were further from the
main trunk by some one hundred and twenty
miles than they were at the point of the ter-
mination of their road. That is to say, from
St. Louis to the main trunk at the one hun-
dredth meridian is four hundred miles nearer
than to go to Chicago and then to such meri-
dian. From St. Louis to Chicago is two hun-
dred and eighty miles, and when there the
distance to the meridian is one hundred and
twenty miles further than the distance to the
same point by the central line._
Mr. President, I have examined the several
acts with some care, and I think it is perfectly
obvious.(and I say it with great respect for
those who entertain a different opinion) that it
was the purpose of the act of 1864 to give to
the central branch of the Union Pacific road
all the advantages of land and of bonds which
would have belonged to the Union Pacific,
eastern division, if they had constructed their
road upon the plan originally adopted: first,
because by any other interpretation of those
laws the manifest policy of Congress would be
defeated; secondly, because the words of the
law, in my opinion, admit of no other inter-
pretation. The very clause which gives to any
company the right to run with its own road to
the main trunk upon the contingency that the
particular company authorized to run upon that
route failed to do so evidently means that upon
such failure they themselves are to be the
holders of the particular franchise and vested
with all its advantages.
I say it is manifest from the obvious policy
of the entire scheme. Leave the central branch
of the Pacific railroad to terminate its road
where it now is terminated, St. Louis and Bal-
timore and all the other States and cities lying
within the sphere of that particular road will
lose the benefits of the enterprise. And can
it be conceived that their representatives, to
say nothing of the justice of the representa-
tives at the North or at the South, would have
consented to the act of 1866 if they had had
the slightest suspicion that under any possible
state of things the central road was not to be
constructed; or, to state it still more correctly,
would they have done so if they had not believed
that upon the contingency of the omission of
the Northern Pacific, eastern division, to run
their road as they were directed to run it by the
act of 1862, they were not to become quasi
the assignees of that company, and clothed
with all the rights which that company would
have had if they had carried out the act of
1862? Therefore the central company, after
the passage of the act of 1866, applied to the
Secretary of the Interior, and he decided, as
I think erroneously, but I have no doubt hon-
estly, that they were not entitled to the bonds
and the land to which the Northern Pacific,
eastern division, would have been^ entitled if
they had made the road from the point of inter-
section with the Central Pacific to the main
stem at the one hundredth meridian.
I am the more confirmed in my opinion by
the fact that I see exhibited with the memorial
of the Central Pacific the legal opinion of
lion. Benjamin R. Curtis, lately one of the most
distinguished of the judges who ever adorned the
Supreme Court of the United States; an opin-
ion evidently given without any doubt at all
that the conclusion at which he arrived was
the correct one. He states in that opinion—
and 1 concur with that, and if I had been the
Secretary I would have acted upon that im-
pression—that without any additional legisla-
tion the Central Pacific, having a right to ex-
tend their road to the one hundredth meridian,
were entitled to the lands and bonds to which
the eastern division would have been entitled
if they had constructed the road in that direc-
tion.
But there is no appeal from the decision of
the Secretary of the Interior except to Con-
gress, and they come here and ask us—to do
what? Whether the right be legally a clear one
or not is now immaterial. The Secretary of
the Interior entertaining a different judgment,
and having decided upon that judgment, there is
no mode, except through the aid of Congress;
by which they can obtain the assistance with-
out which the whole enterprise, as far as they
are concerned, is lost, ana all the money that
they have expended in the undertaking is also
lost. If the law is not clearly with them, they
ask it upon grounds, as I think, of very obvious
equity. Who are these gentlemen? I forbear to
name them. They are known, I believe, indi-
vidually to very many members of the body, and
known advantageously—not speculators taking
up the stock with the view to sell it, but subscrib-
ing to the stock and entering in good faith upon
the undertaking upon the double ground that it
will inure greatly to the advantage of the Re-
public as well as to secure to themselves a
handsome reward for their own labor and their
own disbursements. They tell us—and unless
they had been deranged men it could not have
been otherwise—that but for the conviction to
which they came upon reading the acts to
which I have alluded they never would have
expended three or four million dollars upon
an undertaking absolutely fruitless if it was to
be deprived of the advantage of a connection
with the main trunk. Shall we not give it?
Suppose we do not give it ; saying nothing of
their pecuniary loss, saying nothing of the
breaking of what to my mind is the pledged
faith of the nation—a consideration always of
high moment—what is to be the effect upon
the States, the cities, and the people who have
an immediate interest in the completion of a
central road which, as the members of the Sen-
ate will see if they look at the plats, runs in
almost a direct line from the town of St. Louis
to the main trunk ?
Independent of all questions of mere equity
as between the United States and the gentle-
men who have engaged in the enterprise, is it
not due to the States bordering upon the line
of the central railroad that they should share
in the benefits of the great undertaking? Shall
they be given exclusively to the North? Shall
they be given exclusively to the South ? Or
shall they be given to the South and the North
alone ? Look at the mighty West, which will
be deprived of the advantages of the enterprise
if this road is not continued to the main trunk;
look at their area ; look at their present popu-
lation, and that greater population which is
sure to be there in a very short time; and then
ask yourselves, is it not just, is it not the dic-
tate of a wise and enlarged policy, to secure
to them the advantages of this undertaking?
St. Louis, destined to be one of the greatest
inland cities in the United States, now great
in everything of enterprise of which greatness
consists, growing into still greater magnitude,
will be deprived of the benefit of that great
undertaking. I mention her alone ; but what
is true of her is true of the other cities that
stand within the line of the Central Pacific.
Now, what are the advantages of the road?
Mr. President, it is a question which should
challenge the attention and gratify the hopes
ol every American citizen. The troubles of
the day, I believe, as I believe in my existence,
are sooner or later to terminate. Party will
soon be lost in patriotism. We will look back,
if we live ten or fifteen years longer, or those
of you who may live that period of time, and
if you do not those who are to succeed you
will look back, upon the agitations of the day
with surprise and wonder and with amaze-
ment—I stop not to inquire who is to blame
or whether any particular parties are to blame-
that a country like ours should be torn by dis-
sensions when it posseses all the elements neces-
sary to constitute a great and a powerful people,
the greatest and most powerful (I say it in no
mere spirit of boasting) that the history of the
world gives any account of.
Senators will find by consulting a map pre-
pared by the present enlightened Commissioner
of the Land Office, with great labor and evi-
dently with great accuracy, that the whole
India and China trade is to be ours, and the
statesmen and merchants of England are now
aware of it, as I have soma reason to know.
