">88
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jrane 36,
Ho. of Reps.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr, Batiks.
40th Gong. ... 2d Sess.
son Bay Company, and before it lias gained
any strength from its transfer to the American
Government. It is the opinion of this very
able statesman that, in view of the present con •
dition .of things and to prevent the transfer of
the British Pacific colonies.by the sileSitoper-
ations of the private and personal interests of
the colonists themselves, it is necessary for the
British Government to establish a railway con-
nection across the continent to preserve them.
The admission is most significant. Napoleon
at the seige of Toulon, pointed out the place to
the members of the constituent assembly, and
he said to them 11 there is Toulon." When we
speak of Alaska in view of such declarations
in the House of Commons as those I have
quoted from Mr. Lowe in 1858, and Lord Mil-
ton in 1868, in regard to the loyalty of the
British colonies on the Pacific, we may very
well point the House to the territory between
the forty-ninth and fifty-fourth parallels north,
and say "there is Alaskal" And that, too,
upon their own admission without in any way
infringing upon the rights of Englishmen or
the English Government. The silent and irre-
sistible influence of the American people will
control the Pacific coast from the southern limit
of California to Point Barrow on the Arctic
ocean. This is the effect upon the British
colonies of a contiguous southern American
position according to the statements of the
best informed English statesmen, when the
British and Russian territories are in joint
occupation of llussian and English fur com-
panies, and Americans are excluded altogether
from the land and the seas adjacent thereto,
and the commerce, trade, and fisheries which
give them value. What will that influence be
when the occupation is north as well as south
of the British possessions; when the Ameri-
cans are in absolute possession of the com
merce, trade, and fisheries which give value to
the land and seas of the north Pacific, and
the English and .Russians excluded therefrom
altogether; and what right has Great Britain,
or any other European Government to main-
tain colonies on this continent by the mere
influence and force of European Powers? Of
the maintenance of colonies that sustain them-
selves, that add to the revenues of the mother
country, increasing Its trade, strengthening its
power, and forming in themselves an interme-
diate connection between us and European
Governments by which the prosperity of both
is improved and the chances of permanent
peace between us made more positive and cer-
tain, such colonies may well claim our respect
and recognition. But a colony thrust in upon
us on the Pacific by an arrangement unjust to
this country, affecting its society and never
satisfactory to its people, and which cannot
long^ exist, a colony which is restrained from
coming to us by the active intervention of the
parent Government, and is maintained upon
considerations of foreign interest waiting for
a moment when hostile demonstrations may be
within its power, such a colony has not a
natural existence, and can claim of us no con-
sideration or support. It is not within the rule
of international comity to insist upon main-
taining and perpetuating its power by exterior
aid where it has no self-supporting capacity
which alone give governments a just claim to
the respect of the nations of the world.
Well, sir, let me speak now of the advance
of our power upon this continent, and what is
likely to be its effect. Mr. Chairman, from
time to time the law of the world changes.
Napoleon said that the art of war should be
changed every ten years. .Every twenty or
thirty years new ideas appear, new principles
are announced. The government of the world
changes once or twice every century, and the
theater of human history is transferred to differ-
ent parts of the globe in the course of one or
two centuries. A change of this character is
now dawning upon us. Hitherto the Atlan-
tic ocean has been the theater of its power
and its triumphs. It has been the great ocean
of the world. Those on one side and those
On the other made it whatever they chose.
They gaye to it law. It was in fact an Euro-
pean sea._ The control of the world hitherto
has been in European hands, because Europe
was the sovereign of this great sea. So long
as the Atlantic ocean controls the destinies of
men, so long the destiny and the idea of that
control will be European, and so long as it is
European it will stand in the way of the pro-
gress of civilization and bar the movements of
the people to the acquisition-or the resumption
of the power that by the laws of nature belongs
to them. How can it be changed ? By inter-
vention, by war ? No, sir. The providence
of God arranges other means for the control
of the great families of men than sueh meth
ods of violence. The changes in the theater
of operation point out newfields, new pastures,
green and beautiful, to which the children of
creation may go. They come from the Atlantic,
and they take their position upon what is called
the great ocean of the world—the Pacific ocean.
That with the Indiau ocean, which is part of the
Pacific, so spoken of by geographers, covers
one hundred millon square miles, and rolls
between six hundred million people (Asiatics)
on one side and about three hundred million
(Americans antL. Europeans) on the other.
That ocean will be the theater of the triumphs
of civilization in the future. It is on that line
that are to be fought the great battles of the here-
after. It is there that the institutions of this
world will be fashioned and its destinies de-
cided. If this transfer is successful, it will no
longer be an European civilization or an Euro-
pean destiny that controls us. It will be a
higher civilization and a nobler destiny. It
may be an American civilization, an American
destiny of six hundred million souls. Across
that great ocean of the future there is not
one that is not a friend of this country, nor a
Government that is not willing to strike hands
with us in any just movement for any just
purpose. Itussia, China, Japan, India—so
far as she is left to herself-—even Turkey, the
whole of these Powers have been and are
and still may bo, even to the end, friendly to
us. As for ourselves we have nothing to fear
from Europe. In this future and in the pres-
ence of these Powers Europe loses, as every
nation in time loses, her prestige and becomes
subordinate to the new Powers in the progress
of human civilization and the destiny of nations.
Now, sir, the possession of Alaska is the key
of this ocean. It is to the North what the ocean
is to the South, the controller of the destiny
of nations and the progress of mankind. It
brings this continent within seventy or eighty
miles of the Asiatic coast on the north. It
gives us the control of the Arctic, whatever it
may be, and of that Arctic ocean we yet know
nothiug. This Arctic ocean, too, has a
future, it may be a boundless and glorious
future, and it is for us. The possession of
Alaska makes Behring sea substantially an
American sea. It throws out from its penin-
sula the mysterious chain of Aleutian Islands
almost to the Asiatic coast. Our watermen
can communicate with an open boat by this
strange chain of islands between America
and Asia, between the continents of the New
and the Old World, and with the aid of the
chain of Kurile islands, reach by the same boat
China, Japan, or India, never being mora than
two or three days at sea, rarely or never out of
sight of land, and exposed to as slight perils
of the sea as mariners can ever expect to en-
counter. We can thus return, according to
Chevalier, the visits which hundreds of years
since the Asiatic people made to America by
the same chains of Aleutian and Kurile islands,
who first settled Alaska, California, Mexico,
and Central America, and gave to this costi-
aent its first faint impress of the coming civil-
ization, traces of which are still se.en on the
coast a,ud in the interior, in the language and
in the customs of the people, from the Arctic
ocean to the Gulf of Mexico. But our visits
will be for a different purpose, with nobler
results. These people of a former age came
to this continent without a distinctive object.
They brought nothing with them; they took
nothing away. They returned nothing to the
distant lands from which they came. In our
return visit we take to the other continent
civilization, laws, progress, and the ideas of
justice between man and man in the govern-
ment of nations. We take to them, not with
the spirit of propagandists or conquerors, but
as it was given to us, the revelation of the
Scriptures and the Christian idea of govern-
ment. Before we have time to go they come to
us. The flag that floats on the avenue is an
indication of the spirit and progress of the
future. A tale of the Arabian nights has
nothing so marvelous as the recent movement
of the Chinese nation. Abandoning, of their
own motion, the policy of isolation, placing
themselves first in the great, movements of
modern nations, they come first to us because
we are territorially nearest and most ready
to receive them. They take as their repre-
sentative one of our own citizens, perhaps
least likely to have been selected in advance for
such a mission, who has by great good sense,
as well as great good fortune, impressed upon
them his spirit, and to whom they have con-
fided their hopes and their power. There is
nothing left that is impossible. Hereafter our
civilization may be theirs. It is based upon
the same idea. The civilization of Europe
rests upon education of masters, the ignorance
of the masses. The civilization of America
of the present age and of the future restsjipon
universal education and intelligence. In Uhina
every person of mature age can read and write.
So deep is their veneration for learning that a
Chinese will not, it is said, step upon a written
or printed paper. Intelligence is at the basis
of their Government and the source of their
power. It is the foundation upon which they
construct their classes of society and their
orders jn government. And however their
institutions of the family or the State may
differ from ours, where intelligence is the com-
mon bond of union and the representative of
the common power, as it is with us and with
them, we shall be led gently but surely to the
same objects and the same end. And they come
to us at the moment when by a strange coinci-
dence we push our territorial jurisdiction toward
them. Both were animated by the same spirit
and without the knowledge of each other moving
to the same end by different means.
Now, through the advent of this spirit and
power by the possession of Alaska on the North,
with the Aleutian Islands in the center, and
amicable arrangements not for possession—
because we do sot press upon others, and cer-
tainly not upon feeble nations to deprive them
of their property—but with amicable relations
of commerce and trade with the government
of the Sandwich Islands, which cannot be long
postponed, we have in our grasp the control
of the Pacific ocean, aud may make this great
theater of action for the future whatever we
may choose it shall be. But it is indispens-
able that wc shall possess these islands, this
intermediate communication between the two
continents, this draw-bridge between America
and^ Asia, these stepping-stones across the
Pacific ocean. If we give them to another
Government, if we subject the Pacific ocean to
thecontrolot Europe and European civilization,
the power of the future is theirs and not ours,
and its progress is after their spirit and idea
and not ours. Instead of giving new light and
leading to new thought other nations, we lose
our owb, and are followers rather than guides.
One word, Mr. Chairman, with respect to
the military positiQij and influence of this ter-
ritory upon our own (Jovernwent-; and in this I
need not excite the apprehew>ions of the com-
mittee by anticipating new terrors?. I have
