atH
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
States which involves the action or effect of any law
ofihe United States sh:ill be decided adversely to the
•\ .ilidity of such laiv without the concurrence of two ]
thirds of all tho members of said court in the decision
r.. on t1 to several points in which s.ud law or any part
thereof may bo deemed invalid: J'rovi^oJ, however,
rl ii.it it any circuit or district court of the United States
shall adjudjro any act of Congress to be unconstitu-
tional or rwalid, tho judgment, before any further
proceeding? shall behad upon it, shall be certified up
to the Supreme Court of the United States, and shall
be considered therein; and if upon tho consideration
thei oof two thirds of all the members of the Supreme
Court *hall not affirm said judgment below, the same
shall be declared and held reversed.
Amend the title of tho bill by adding "and to regu-
late the jurisdiction thereof."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendments.
ilr. BUCK A LEW. It' no ono else submits
the motion, I will move that these amendments
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary
ami ordered to bo printed.
Mr. SUMNER. On that motion I desire to
make a remark. I regard this proposition of
the House as very important. I think some-
thing like this has been necessary for a long
time in the history of our national jurispru-
dence. I do not think it is reasonable that a
bare majority of any court should declare an
act ot' Congress unconstitutional. I say that is
contrary to reason, almost contrary to common
s<-n-e. I am glad——-
Mr. HENDRICKS. I rise to a question of
order.
Mr. SUMNER. The question is on the
reference.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir; I understood
that by the indulgence of the Senate the Chair
presented this matter pending a motion to
adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
so. The Chair did not suppose that debate
would arise on these matters before putting
the motion to adjourn.
Several Senators. Let it be referred.
Mr. SUMNER. I am not going to discuss it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose no Senator
objects to the reference, and then it can be
examined and discussed hereafter.
Mr. SUM-NER. Let it be examined; but ,
the question now is on the reference to the
committee, and I desire to make a remark
upon it. I was in the midst of the remark
when interrupted and I should have been
through before this but for the interruption.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the remark is so
short as that I withdraw my point of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island moved to adjourn.
The Chair took the privilege to lay certain
matters before the Senate before putting the
motion, and did not suppose that a debate
would spring up.
Mr. SUMNER. I only wish to make one
further suggestion : that while the committee
have this subject under consideration I hope
they will consider whether they should not
go further and require something more than
a two-thirds vote of the Supreme Court in
order to set aside an act of Congress ; con-
sider whether they should not require a three-
fourths vote, a four-fifths vote, possibly a unan-
imous vote. On that question I express no
opinion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to refer the bill and
amendments to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILL 1U5FER1USD.
The bill (H. R. No. 223) in relation to islands
in the Great Miami river was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
INDIAN PEACE COMMISSION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore lard before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, transmitting the report of
the commissioners appointed under the act of
Congress, approved July 20, 1867, entitled
"An act. to establish peace with certain hos-
tile Indijn tribe-?,and accompanying papers.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the report
itself of the commissioners be printed, and
that the report together with the papers be
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
I submit no motion now to print any other
papers except the report itself.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I submit a resolution for
the printing of live thousand extra copies of
this report for the use of the Senate, which I
ask to have referred to the Committee on
Printing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It goes to
that committee without a motion.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, transmitting a report from
the Secretary of State, communicating, in
answer to a resolution of tho Senate, informa-
tion relative to the appointment of the Amer-
ican minister at Pekin to a diplomatic or
other mission on behalf of the Chinese Gov-
ernment by the etnperor of China.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that that commu-
nication be printed and laid on the table; and
I call the attention of the Senate to the fact
that the resolution of the Senate yesterday,
which is addressed directly to the Secretary
of State, is answered by the President in a
I formal message.
j The motion was agreed to.
contraction of the cuukency.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to give
notice that I shall ask the Senate at one o'clock
to-morrow to take up for consideration the
deficien'-y bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island moves £hat the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. On that motion I call for
a division.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask the Senator from
Rhode Island to withhold that motion for a
moment to let me offer a resolution for refer-
ence to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to saj a word, as
I have the floor. The business of the Senate
is now in such a condition that I think it is the
, duty of the Senate to sit and pass this bill to-
; night or act on it and dispose of it. We have
■ now three or four important questions before
i us, and to-morrow at one o'clock there will be
a struggle as to whether ail appropriation bill
' or the unfinished business shall be taken up. I
think we ought to avoid that. We might just
as well dispose of this bill now as at any other
time. -1 shall therefore call foradivision in the
first instance on the motion to adjourn.
The question being put, the Senate refused
to adjourn; there being on a division—ayes 10,
; noes 21.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no fur-
■ ther amendment be offered, the bill will be
reported to tho Seuate.
Mr. SPRAGUE proceeded to address the
Senate, and after having spoken for some
time,
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator from Rhode
Island will give way, I will, with his permission,
move an adjournment. His speech will occupy
more time, I think, than we shall bo willing to
stay here to-night. It is an interesting one,
and I am anxious to hear it; but I think it will
be more agreeable for him and probably for all
of us that he should take to-morrow instead of
to-day. The subject which he is now discuss-
ing will necessarily involve a great deal of
interest and provoke a great deal of debate.
Mr. CONKLING. It is past the usual hour
of adjournment now.
Mr. CAMERON. I think we had better
adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Rhode Island give way for the
motion ?
Mr. SRRAGUE. Ye?, sir; I give way.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I move that the
Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for a division on
I that motion.
I Tho question being put, there were on a divis-
ion—ayes 10, noes 18.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask permission to
make one suggestion by unanimous conseut.
Last session we undertook to work each even-
ing for some time in carrying through some
particular bill, and we sat here until about
seven o'clock. Not having expected this, and
not having taken dinner, it was very uncom-
fortable; and the business of the Senate did
not get along any better really. I recollect the
admonition given by the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Tbgmbull] that there was no use in try-
ing to transact the business of the Senate in
that way. The Senator from Rhode Island is
not in a comfortable position to speak this
evening. He has already so informed the
Senate. He wishes to discuss this important
question. It is not pressiug. Now, although
1 do not agree with many of his views, I think
it is due to him or to any Senator who desires
to discuss a question of this kind that he should
do it under circumstances when he can do it
with comfort to himself. I am surprised that
there should be any hesitation about an ad-
journment. I have no doubt we can reach a
vote to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow
me I will simply state that I know that a pres-
sure for another bill to-morrow will probably
result in crowding this off. I am sure my
friend from Rhode Island can discuss the sub-
ject he is now speaking on, upon many other
bills that are pending.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President 
i Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
i tion is not debatable.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not wish to de-
bate it, but I wish to ask the Senator fronj
Ohio why it is necessary that any other bill
should crowd this off? Certainly it is within
the control of th« Senate ; he can put it
through. I suppose the debate will terminate
1 very soon to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. If we could have an
understanding that at three o'clock or some
1 fixed time to-morrow we should have a vote
I should not object.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not suppose there
will be any difficulty about it to-morrow.
| The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sec-
retary will please call the roll on the motion
to adjourn.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
; resulted—yeas 10, nays 17 ; as follows:
I YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Bayard. Bueknlcw, Catn-
; eron, Conkling, Corbett, Cra-?in, Davis. Edmunds,
Hendricks, Morgan, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Patterson of Tennessee, Ross, Sumner, and Wil-
[ son—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Cole, Frolinshnysen, Har-
lan, Henderson; Howe, Morrill of Maine, Morton,
Nye, Ramsey, Sherman, Stewart, Thayer, Trumbull,
Wade. Willcy. and Williams—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Chandler, Conness, Dixon, J)oo-
little, Drake, Ferry, Fessenden, Fowler. Grimes,
Guthrie, Howard, Johnson, Morrill of Vermont,
Norton, Pomcroy, Saulsbury, Sprague, Tipton, Van
Winkle, and Yates—20.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. SPRAGUE resumed his remarks. His
speech is withheld to be published when he
shall have concluded. After speaking a few
minutes he was interrupted by Mr. Tnniiirix,
to whom he yielded.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Rhode Island will allow me, I will renew tin*
motion to adjourn. I think the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, considering the
temper of the Senate, will now conseut to an
adjournment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I see that I shall be out-
voted next time, so I will make a merit of
necessity.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
