3936
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
time that it would be possible for me to reach Ir-
winsvilie before Colonel Harnden, as he did not have
to exceed twenty-five miles to march, and his com-
mand, according to his own statements, was then full
two hours on the way, while I would have to march
full thirty-three miles after he left me at Abbeville.
And tho object and only expectancy I hud when I
determined to pursue by the road I did was that by
Colonel ilarnden shovingthrough on thedirect road
to Irwinsvilie, and my coming up at a later hour
would place Davis or any other parties or trains
which might be on the road between Wilcox mills
and Irwinsvilie between the two commands, and
thus increase the probabilities of capture, and if
none of the parties we were looking for were discov-
ered I would be ablo to communicate with Colonel
Ilarnden at Irwinsvilie, when we could then, per-
haps, fix upon a plan for future operations, as he
was then on the identical territory I was ordered to
occupy. These and these alone were the reasons
Why I moved on to Irwinsvilie as I did, simply be-
cause I thought it my duty and an act of wisdom to
move as I did. It was with no desire or intent to cut
the corners of Colonel Harnden or to rob him of
any of the fruits of his earnings, and I would sooner
lose all that is or should be coming to me to-day of
the reward, than take one cent from Colonel Harn-
den wrongfully, though poverty has always beenmy
nearest guest.
I have thus given you as briefly as I could and
make my statement as explicit as 1 desired. I would
also refer you to the very strong language used by
the military commission in determining the award,
which you will find in the report from War Depart-
ment to the Thirty-Ninth Congress, first session, en-
titled Executive Document No. 90, House of Repre-
sentatives. Alsototheindorsementof Major General
Wilson on Colonel Harnden's report, to be found in
report from War Department to Senate. Thirty-
Ninth Congress, first session, Executive Document
No. 64. Also to reports and affidavits herewith in-
closed. I would also referyou specially to theaffidavit
of Lieutenant J.G.Dickinson.who was my adjutant,
which is now in the hands of Mr. Upsox, of which
I have no copy, if Iliad 1 would send you one. And
in conclusion will give you a statement of distances
marched by my command from time of leaving Macon
up to time of capture, namely: from Macon to camp
three miles below Ilawkinsville, fifty-one miles,
marched in twenty-four hours, from eight o'clock
p, m., May 7, to eight p. m.. May 8; from camp to
Abbeville, twenty-four miles; from Abbeville to
Wilcox mills, fifteen miles; and irom Wilcox mills
to Irwinsvilie, eighteen miles; from Irwinsvilie to
Davis camp, about one and a half miles; marched
in twenty hours. Total distance marched from Macon
to Davis camp by fourth Michigan cavalry, one
hundred and nine and a half miles, inside of forty-
four hours, including all halts.
For the full paiticulars of the collision with first
Wisconsin, please see my reports and the affidavits
of Lieutenants Boutelle and Purinton, inclosed.
Before closing, I would again express my gratitude
for the interest you hrfve always manifested in this
troublesome and perplexingmatter.and would earn-
estly ask that the thing may be brought to as speedy
a close as possible.
I am, sir, very truly, your obedient servant,
B. D. PltlTCIIARD.
Hon. John F. Driggs, Member of Congress.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I now
yield for a few minutes to the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Hopkins.]
Mr. HOPKINS. I do not deem it neces-
sary to occupy the attention of the House very
long, in addition to the able report of the Com-
mittee of Claims and the statement of the
case made by the chairman of that committee,
[Mr. Washburn, of Massachusetts.] Now, if
the question was this, whether the first Wis-
consin cavalry or the fourth Michigan cavalry
were entitled to this reward, we should insist
most decidedly that the reward was due to the
first Wisconsin cavalry. And we insist fur-
ther, that we can produce the proof to satisfy
any reasonable man that, as between the two
regiments, the first Wisconsin cavalry is entitled
to the reward. But I am satisfied that the Com-
mittee of Claims, after patient'investigation,
have come to perhaps a correct adjustment of
this matter. Certain it is that somebody is
entitled to this reward. Jeff. Davi3 was cap-
tured j and the reward is due to his captors.
But we are not disposed to be tenacious about
the matter. We are willing to acquiesce in this
settlement. Nevertheless, we claim that the
first Wisconsin cavalry is entitled to the honor
of the capture of Jeff. Davis. Now, inasmuch
as the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Driggs]
has had read a statement from Colonel Priteh-
ard. I ask to accompany it that the testimony
of Colonel Harnden before the Committee of
Claims, giving his account of the capture, be
also read.
The statement was read as follows:
Henry Harnden,late lieutenant colonel of tliefiist
Wisconsin cavalry, being called before the congres-
sional Committee of Claims, and being duly sworn,
deposes and says: that on the Oth of May, 1865, he
(Lieutenant Colonel Ilarnden) was ordered toreport
in person at the headquarters of Brigadier General
Croxton, commanding first division cavalry corps,
military division of the Mississippi, at Macon, Geor-
gia; t,hathe(LieutcnantColonel Ilarnden) didreport
forthwith as ordered, and received from General
Croxton certain orders,to wit: To take onebattahon
of tho first Wisconsin cavalry and proceed in search
of Jefferson Davis : to march immediately: to go to
Jeftersonville; from thence to Dublin ; thence to go
toward Milieu, and on to tho Savannah river, leav-
ing detachments of men at the most, importantcross-
roads; but in case that he (Lieutenant Colonel llarn-
deru obtained any information of said jefferson
Davis, then to pursue and capture him (Davis) if pos-
sible. That in obedience to such orders, he (Lieu-
tenant Colonel Ilarnden) did detail one battalion of
his regiment, consisting of one hundred and forty-
eight men and three officers, and began his inarch
from Macon, Georgia, at six o'clock p. m., May 6.
1865, proceeding to Jeffersonville, distance about
twenty-five miles; he (Lieutenant Colonel Harnden)
leftLieutenant C. Hewitt, with thirty men, and pro-
ceeded with the balance of his command to Dublin,
arriving about five o'clock p. m., May 7. Distance
from Macon fifty-five miles.
Tho day was intensely hot and roads sandy; the
men and horses weremuch exhausted. Tho command
bivouacked near the ferry. During the night inform-
ation, which was deemed reliable, was received by
Lieutenant Colonel Harnden from a negro man that
some wagons had passed during the day through the
town, and that they had gone South on the river
road. This information was confirmed yet later in
the night by another negro, who stated that the party
was that of Joffeihon Davis and his wife. The negro
further stated that he had heard one of said party
addressed as President Davis and one of the ladies
as Mrs. Davis, and that they had come across the
Oconee river ferry, and left Dublin, going South,
about twelve o'clock (noon) that same day, which
was May 7, 1865. Acting upon this information, he
(Lieutenant Colonel Ilarnden) immediately detailed
Lieutenant Lane, with forty-fivo men, to remain at
Dublin and watch the ferry and patrol the cross-
roads. starting himself with the balancc of his com-
mand in pursuit of Davis.
On the outskirts of Dublin some delay was caused
by the darkness and the difficulty in finding the
right road, so that it was daylight beforo the pursuit
was fairly commenced. When five miles from Dublin
and at the crossing ol Turkey creek, he (Lieutenant
Colonel Harnden) obtained information which ren-
dered it almost certain that Jeffeioon Davis was with
the party ahead. The pursuit was now pressed with
vigor, as the trail of the wagon could bo plainly seen.
The country through which this day's march led was
a wilderness of pine woods and swamps,with scarcely
any inhabitants. At tho lime of leaving Turkey
creek it commenced to rain and continued to tall
heavily duiingtheday. During a portion of the day
the tracks of the wagons were lost, but by pressing a
guide, he (Lieutenant Colonel Ilarnden) was enabled
to continue the pursuit through the swamps of tho
Alligator creek and on until after dark, when the
command bivouacked on the borders of Gum swamp.
Before daylight. May 9, the pursuit was begun and
continued to the Oeinulgee river, where a crossing
was effected about noon that day at Brown's terry.
At this point it was ascertained thai the Davis party
had leit at one o'clock that morning and gone in the
direction of Abbeville, and to Abbeville the pursuit
was continued, where it was ascertained that the
Davis partyhad called at a house and inquired tho
way to liwmsville, and the trail of the wagons led
in that direction. They had passed before daylight.
At tins place a short halt was ordered to feed the
horses with corn. Just as the command was leaving
Abbeville, (the scouts had already gone on.) four
men appeared in sight on the Ilnwkinsville load,
dressed in the United States uniform. lie (Lieu-
tenant Colonel Harnden) inquired of them who they
were, and was informed that they belonged to the
fourth Michigan cavalry, Lieutenant Colonel Pritch-
ard commanding; and that Lieutentant Colonel
Pritehard, with his regiment, was advancing on the
Ilawkinsville road, and only a short distance away.
Ho (Lieutenant Colonel Harnden) ordered Lieuten-
ant Clinton to press on after the Davis party, and
rode himself, attended by his orderly, to meet Lieu-
tenant Colonel Pritehard. That, at meeting Lieu-
tenant Colonel Pritehard, he (.Lieutenant. Colonel
Harnden) introduced him->elf, and inquired if Lieu-
tenant. Colonel Pritchaid had any information in
regard to Jefferson Davis, andwas told by Lieutenant
Colonel Pritehard that he had none. He (Lieutenant
Colonel Harnden) then gave to Lieutenant Colonel
Pritehard all the information in his (Lieutenant
Colonel Harnden's) possession in regard to Jefferson
Davis, and informed him (Lieutenant Colonel Priteh-
ard) that he (Lieutenant Colonel Harnden) with
his command had struck the trail of said Davis and
had been then two days in pursuit, and also that
Davis, with a party and some wagons, had passed
Abbeville that same morning and gone toward
Irwinsvilie; and also that his (Lieutenant Colonel
Harnden's) command had then gone on toward
Iiwin«ville in pursuit.
He (Lieutenant Colonel Harnden) further informed
him (Lieutenant Colonel Pritehard) that there was
another party of confederates with wagons on the
other side of the river, and that they, the eonfeder- !
ate, probably were a part of Jefferson Davis's party, j
and that they wouM most probably try to cross the !
river below. He (Lieutenant Colonel Pritehard') j
then informed him (Lieutenant Colonel Ilarnden) j
that he (Lieutenant Colonel Pritehard) with his regi- t
ment wcic also out after Da\ is, but, up to that time, !
had heard nothing of said Davis, and also that he i
(Lieutenant Colonel Pritehard) had orders to encamp j
at Abbeville and patrol the Oemulgee river and ;
guard the ferries on said river. That he (Lieutenant
Colonel Harnden) then parted with Lieutenant Ool-
onel Pritehard, and with his orderly hastened on
and joined his (Lieutenant Colonel Harnden s) com-
mand. and continued the pursuit of Davis m tne
direction of Irwinsvilie until some time alter dans,
(probably about nine o'clock, p. m.;) when, coming
to water, he (Lieutenant Colonel Harnden) ordered
a halt and the horses to be grazed tor a snort t*£jft$
(as there was no corn) and some food prepared tor
the men, with orders that no noise should bo made,
and for all to be ready to start at three o clock m trie
morning. . „ , 
At three o'clock a. m., May 10, the march was
resumed. He (Lieutenant Colonel Harnden) selected
a sergeant and six picked men to lead the advance,
and gave said sergeant particular instructions to
proceed with caution, and to look out tor the reoei
pickets and report to him (LieutenantColoncl Harn-
den) instantly the first indications that might be dis-
covered of the enemy.
After marching a mile, or possibly two, the advance
was suddenly ordored, by a voice a few yards ahead
of them, to halt and dismount, when, instead or its
being obeyed by the sergeant, he endeavored to
retreat. A heavy volley was fired upon them, (the
sergeant and his party,) which was almost instantly
followed by a second volley from the same unseen
source, wounding three of the seven men composing
tho advance. Thathc(LieutenantColoneI Harnden)
then gave orders for his command to take the trot,
dashing ahead at a gallop with ten men toreconnoi-
ter, when another and thiid volley was fired upon
tho Wisconsin men. That at this time it was quite
dark, and the opponents could only be seen by the
fire from their guns. That lie (Lieutenant Colonel
Ilarnden) very soon formed aline, dismounting apart
of his command, and pressed on the enemy vigor-
ously, driving them into a swamp, which lay to the
right of tho first Wisconsin. At this time a large
force of mounted men were seen approaching more
to the left of the first Wisconsin men. That he
(Lieutenant Colonel Harnden) ordered Sergeant
llow, of the first Wisconsin cavalry, with ten men,
to pursue the dismounted force of the enemy, who
had disappeared into the swamp aforementioned.
At this time it was getting to be light, and the
enemy could be plainly seen. Brisk firing now took
place between both parties, the enemy being grad-
ually driven back. At this period of affairs Sergeant
How came running to him, (Lieutenant Colonel
Harnden,) saying that lie (Sergeant llow) had cap-
tured a prisoner, and that their opponents were tho
fourth Michigan cavalry. That he (.Lieutenant Col-
onel Harnden) instantly gave orders to stop firing*
which soon ceased on both sides. That he (Lieuten-
ant Colonel Harnden) then rode a fewyards and met
Lieutenant Colonel Pritchaid* and asked him (Lieu-
tenant Colonel Pritehard) how he enrae to be ihoro
fighting them,(Lieutenant Colonel Harnden and his
party.) Lieutenant Colonel Pritehard explained that
after parting with Lieutenant Colonel Harnden the
day previous, at Abbeville, he (Lieutenant Colonel
Pritehard) had selected a portion of his bc-?t inounud
men, and taking the river road, and then by the way
of House mills, had arrived near Irwinsvilie, when
learning that a wagon party was camped out on the
Abbeville road a short distance, he had sent a lieu-
tenant and party of men dismounted across on to
that road in the rear of the wagon party's camp, and
it was this party of hiscommnnd that had fired upon
them, (Lieutenant Colonel Harnden and his party;)
and further, that while the fight was going on a por-
tion ofhis(LieutenantColonel Pritchard's) command
had captured the wagon train near at hand. That
ho (Lieutenant Colonel Ilainden) then inquired if
Jefferson Davis was captured. That Lieutenant Col-
onel Pritehard replied that he did not know who was
captured. That he (Lieutenant Colonel Harnden)
and LieutenantColoncl Pritehard then rode in com-
pany across a narrow strip of swamp, a distance of
about fifty yards, where they (Lieutenant Colonel
Pritchaid and Lieutenant Colonel Harnden) found
Jefferson Davis and family, with other officials of tho
so-called confederate government, and wagon train,
in the hands of and guarded by a portion of the
fourth Michigan cavalry. That afterresting a couple
of hours or so, and caring for the wounded, both com-
mands began their return march to Macon, arriving
on the 13th day of May, 1805.
That he (Lieutenant Colonel Ilarnden") further says
that hp (Lieutenant Colonel Harnden) h id received
no intimation from Lieutenant Colonel Pi i tchard or
any one else that he (Lieutenant Colonel Pritehard)
intended to go to Irwinsvilie, or to pursue Jefferson
Davis; but, on the contrary, was distinctly told by
Lieutenant Colonel Pritehard that his (Lieutenant
Colonel Pritchard's) orders were to camp at Abbe-
ville and patrol the Ocmu'gee river and guard the
ferries; and further, he (Lieutenant Colonel Harn-
den) says that when first fired upon, and all during
the fight, he sincerely believed that his opponents
were the escoit of Jefferson Davis; and that the first
intimation which he (Lieutenant Colonel Harnden)
had of there being any Union tioops nearer than
Abbeville was from Sergeant How, of the first Wis-
consin cavalry; and further, he (Lieutenant Colonel
ilarnden) says that the collision and capture of Jef-
ferson Davis aforementioned oecuired near Irwins-
vilie, Irwin county, State of Georgia, and twenty-
five miles south of Abbeville aforementioned. That
upon hi^ (Lieutenant Colonel HarndenV) return to
Macon, Georgia, on the 13th day of May, ISdo. he
made an official report to General Croxton. fiom
whom he ^Lieutenant Colonel Harnden1 received his
t rr' during the pursuit and capture
pt Jefierson Davis. That said report was forwarded
through the proper channels to the Adjutant Gen-
eral of the Army, and said report is essentially the
same and agrees with this statement.
And he (Lieutenant Colonel Harnden) further says
