1868.]
APPENDIX T0 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
389
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Banks.
Ho. of Reps.
alluded to the designs of European nations
upon the Pacific coast. There was a period
within our own day when it was apparently in
their possession. Twice the Government of
the United States had offered to purchase Cali-
fornia of Mexico, and our offers under adverse
influences had been rejected. When war with
Mexico occurred in 1846, England, France,
Russia, and the United States were intent upon
its possession, apparently with equal chanccs
of success, except that Russia then held a quasi
military position at Bodega, a short distance
above San Francisco, with the assumed con-
sent of Mexico. The United States was but
a few hours in advance of Great Britain in
taking possession of Monterey on the memo-
rable 7th of July, 1846. The English fleets
were close upon our flag, and did not conceal
the fact that their object was to anticipate
our occupation of this coast npon the ground
of unsettled claims of British subjects against
Mexico. Russia was then supposed by a por-
tion of our people to be inimical, if not hos-
tile to us. But her friendship was manifested
by voluntary withdrawal of her colonists and
forces from Bodega as soon as we had ac-
quired permanent possession. Let me now
ask the attention of gentlemen to a view of
the military position of Alaska, as affecting
the interests and safety of the United States,
given in 1852, in view of these important events,
by one whose words are entitled to our respect,
the late Hon. Henry Winter Davis, so well
known and so much lamented in this House,
upon the supposition that Russia was the enemy
we had to fear and possibly to encounter:
" From her Asiatic possessions, from the Kuril e
and the Aleutian Islands, she overlooks the natural
and necessary courso of our Asiatic trade—now, by
the occupation of California, grown to stupendous
magnitude, and soon destined to equal that of the
Atlantic States. Her naval stations can command
effectually the whole intercourse of Oaliiornia ar d
Oregon with the chief seats of Chinese commerce,
and render our communications insecure at any
moment. She can transfer troops and munitions of
war to the coast of Oregon more rapidly than we can
from the Atlantiesea-board. She is a military Power
in direct contact with China; and her influence can
stir up the Mongol tribes, and pour them like a hail-
storm on the feeble and effeminate Celestials. She
can now in a great measure balance the influence of
England at Pekin; her emissaries speak with almost
as much authority there as at Constantinople ; and a
tew years must give her the decided predominance.
How that control would bear on our commerce with
thatempirein the eventswhich have been indicated,
it takes no prophet to foretell. "VVe should be ex-
cluded from those markets, or subjected to burdens
which would strip off the profits, impedetheactvvity,
and finally destroy our Chinese trade, or we should
be forced to maintain our position against Russian
armies, on the spot, across the track of Russian
navies, and at an expense and sacrifice which the
most lucrative .returns would scarcely compensate."
So much for the general idea which is pre-
sented by a view of the geographical, political,
and military situation of this possession. This
territory is not worthless; it is necessary to
ns; the Government has not only a right, but
it is bound by a solemn duty to itself, to the
people, at a proper time and by proper means
to obtain it if they can do it justly and^ upon
just terms. I pass now to a consideration of
the character and resources of the territory
itself. I am not bound in this respect to rely
exclusively upon the testimony of men. The
gentlemen of the. minority have done ua the
honor to speak with some contempt of the
representations which have been made to us
upon this subject by persons assuming to be
acquainted with it because they were extrava-
gant. They are extravagant, but, sir, they
came from good men. That which has been
presented to the House by the Committee of
Foreign Affairs in relation to this territory has
come from the best men in this country, rep-
resenting interests entirely disconnected, both
politically and financially with the adminis-
tration of the Government; such men as the
correspondents of the principal public journals
of the country. The Boston Journal, the Alta
Californian, the New York Herald, the La
Crosse Republican, and many others to which
reference has been made in the majority report,
all of whom Lave written from personal obser-
vation, and apparently with strict regard to
truth, most interesting, instructive, and satis-
factory accounts of this portion of the conti-
nent. I am led from a careful consideration
of these reports to place them even above those
of a more scientific character, given by the offi-
cers of the Coast Survey and the Smithsonian
Institution, as more likely to satisfy doubting
minds of the truth of their statements. They
have given accounts of this territory which
would satisfy any man who had passed his life
in New England, in the middle or western
States. We have given in the report a brief
statement of these views, and I regret that I
have not now time to repeat them.
I received only a day or two since a letter
from Mark Whiteman, a native of Russian
Poland, who has been in this country twenty-
one years, who served the United States in the
survey of New Mexico, who went to California
in pursuit of gold, thence to Australia, thenco
to Fraser's river, and then with his companions
from the sources of the Stikine in a direct line
north, working his way through the whole of
Alaska. He is not thoroughly master of our
language. His statements, given in broken
English—a mixture of Russian, Polish, and
English—are stamped with truth. He does
not describe the country through which he has
passed like a topographical engineer, but in his
simple and imperfect account he shows that he
has traveled nearly through the whole of it, and
he says that we know nothing of the great im-
portance of these new possessions; that in every
direction it is rich in minerals, and that the
natives arc peaceful, powerful, and friendly.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Who is
this?
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Mark Whiteman, a citi-
zen of Idaho, now in New York. There are
three men with him, and they say they want to
tell the United States what sort of a country
this is that we have bought. According to his
report, and according to the report of the other
persons I have mentioned, the country is rich
in minerals.
But, as I said, I do not desire to put my state-
ment solely upon human testimomy. We are
not reduced to that alternative. There are laws
of nature, results of nationalexperience running
through many centuries, to which we refer for
the support of our conclusions. We appeal to
them, and we challenge from any quarter a
denial of the result to which they lead us.
Since the sixteenth century, until a very recent
period, it has been the belief of everybody that
the precious metals were confined to the tropics.
For two hundred years nobody supposed or
thought anything else except that gold, silver,
diamonds, and other precious metals were
confined to the tropical regions alone, and
chiefly to South America. Every gentleman
about me will be able to verify this fact for
himself. Itwas not till California was acquired
and gold discovered that this opinion ceased to
have control of the public mind. _So potential
was it up to the discovery of gold in California
that the Government of Mexico, desiring to
obtain quicksilver necessary to work her gold
and silver mines, and without which they were
comparatively worthless, offered prizes for the
discovery of quicksilver anywhere within the
territory" of Mexico : and for fifteen or twenty
years, I believe, surveys were made, until every
province, and, indeed, every square mile of the
territory of the Mexican republic had been
explored in vain for this material, so necessary
to the development of other mineral resources.
But when California came into our possession
there was at once discovered the richest mine
of quicksilver known to man, so rich that it
was said in the Supreme Court, when the title of
the mine came to be contested, that with regard
to the interests involved itwas the heaviest ease
that had ever Wen presented to any judicial
tribunal. It was going north that it' was dis-
covered. The Mexicans had never dreamed of
that.
Moving from the tropics northward we found
gold in California, even up to the very bound-
ary of British Columbia. It was then dis-
covered still further northward, at the sources
of the Steltine, and the miners are still fol-
lowing it further northward. Mr. Taylor, in
his report printed by order of the House only
a few days ago, says there are .thousands of
miners in Montana and other Territories wait-
ing for the promulgation of the discoveries
how in progress to move northward into, the
provinces of British America for the purpose
of working the rich deposits to be there found.
It was this law of nature so recently discovered
that led Mark Whiteman' and his associates
from the sources of the Stikine river, through
Alaska, to the Arctic ocean, and that exhibited
to them up to the oeeaa itself its limitless
mineral wealth.
It is, then, the law of mine'ral deposits that
they are found from the tropics northward, and
that as you go northward the mines become
more extensive and more valuable. Arid thus
we follow it up in the same line of mountains
from Mexico to California, from California to
northern California, from northern California
to British Columbia, from British Columbia to
Alaska, all through the chain to the Arctic
ocean. We receive from Alaska the confirm-
ation of this fact. Exactly the same facts that
were reported from South America, Mexico,
California, and British Columbia are now
reported from Alaska. Why should they be
discredited ? Every man who has been there,
and every man who has seen those who "have
been there, knows that the evidences of these
valuable mineral deposits are to be found in
the possession of the natives, who do not know
their value or how to work them. It was the
same in Peru and throughout all portions of
the American continent in all periods of its
history.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. To what
class of mines'does the gentleman refer?
Mr. BANKS. To minerals of every descrip-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of' Wisconsin. In
Alssks ?
Mr. BANKS. In Alaska. He affirms the
existence of most valuable mineral deposits of
of every character. I will refer to this subject
again presently. We have from everybody in
Alaska—from miners, from correspondents,
from sea-faring men, from lumber-men, from
explorers, from natives, from Russians con-
nected with the Government there, and from
Americans—confirmation of these deposits
they found there. It was exactly the same evi-
dences of the existence of these mineral depos-
its that were seen fifteen or twenty years ago
in California, and later still in British Colum-
bia.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. If the
gentleman has any authority to show that there
are precious metals of any kind in Alaska, I
beg he will refer me to the document and page
where I can find it.
Mr. BANKS. There is no authority which
will convince the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Washburn.] If he could lay his hand
on the print in the side he would not believe.
I am not so unwise as to expect to convince
him ; but I will convince this House that
Alaska contains large deposits of the precious
metals, and that upon this consideration alone,
if for no other, we should take this territory. I
desire to read from the Revue Vontemporaine
of January, 1868, the statement of M. Roche,
a French traveler, who had thoroughly studied
this country, and who, fifteen years ago, pre-
dicted exactly what we are now seeing enacted,
even to the movements of the English Govern-
ment for its possession. M. Roche, m refor-
^ imc to the "old, silver, and diamonds that
