1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBES.'
14
Their share of it they will receive through the
United States. They will only get that part
of it which we may not need for ourselves. It
will form a mine of wealth infinitely greater
than that which' is furnished by the mines
developed or undeveloped 011 the Pacific coast.
Let me give the Senate, by way of illustration,
two or three facts calculated to make good
what I have just stated. 1 get them from the
map to which 1 have adverted. From London
to Yokohama, in Japan, is eleven thousand
five hundred and nine miles via Suez, and the
voyage is sixty days. From New York via
San Francisco to the same place is only seven
thousand five hundred and twenty miles, and
the journey occupies twenty-six days. The
difference in favor of the United Stales in miles
is three thousand nine hundred and eighty -
nine, and in time thirty-four days. The dis-
tance from London by the Suez canal to
Shanghae, in China, is ten thousand four hun-
dred and sixty-nine miles, while from New
York by way of San Francisco it is only eight
thousand three hundred and fifty-five miles ;
making in point of distance the difference in
favor of the American line of one thousand
nine hundred and fourteen miles, more than
two thirds of the distance between here and
Liverpool. Upon the contingency of any ac-
cident occurring to the canal, or upon the
occurrence of war by which the canal may be
closed to the trade of London, the distance
from London would be increased four thou-
sand eight hundred miles to each of the above
places ; and upon that contingency—one very
likely to occur, for wars, unfortunately for hu-
manity, are still to be waged; the influence
of Christianity will not in the future be able to
prevent it, as it has not been in the past—in
that contingency the distance to Japan from
London would be sixteen thousand three hun-
dred and nine miles, while the distance from
China, via San Francisco, ^o New York would
be but seven thousand five hundred and twenty
miles; and upon the same data the distance
from London to China would be fifteen thou-
sand two hundred and sixty-nine miles, the
difference in that event being in favor of the
American route six thousand seven hundred
and fourteen miles.
Nobody can doubt, I think, who reflects upon
the subject, that the whole trade of the East, of
China and Japan, will find its way to Europe
through our ports. Do honorable Senators
know what the value of that trade in only two
articles was to England for some five years pre-
ceding 1805 ? It is startling, but likely to be
quadrupled when they come in immediate con-
tact with the enterprise of the Americans. The
value of the trade to London alone in teas and
silks for five 37ears immediately preceding 1865
was over two hundred million dollars. That
will be ours, doubled, trebled, quadrupled.
Now, is it asking too much for the States and
the people who are interested in the completion
of the central road thatitshould lie completed,
so that they shall share equally in the advan-
tages of this route? The two hundred and
odd million dollars for five years is compara-
tively trifling to what the trade will be that will
find its way to us and from us to the European
world. It is a trade without whieh the Euro- J
peati world cannot well live. The articles are j
luxuries, for the most part, but they are luxu- i
ries that have ingrafted themselves into the
very nature of theirpeople. Tea will be drunk,
silks will be worn, and all the fine articles of
merchandise and all the tempting exotics of
the region will find their way here. Even the
cotton which may grow there, and will grow
there, as it certainly can, will find its way to us.
Nineteen twentieths of the tea sold at Nijni i
Novgorod, the center of the great tea trade in ,
Russia, is brought from China to Liverpool ]
and shipped thence to St. Petersburg and to
Nijni Novgorod by the way of Moscow, the
whole of which will find its way theuce by the
way of New York when these roads are com-
pleted. The value of this trade it is almost
impossible to overestimate.
A word now as to the political consequences
40th Ooxh. 2d Sb8S.—No. 119
of bringing that trade to our doors. The trade of
China and Japan ours,itvvilidoforus what it has
done for England. A country very little larger
than one of our own States for many and many
years has commanded almost the trade of the
world. She has been able to pass unharmed
through years of tremendous war, fought for
the purpose of her conquest by the mighty
leader who marshaled the hosts of France, a
man of consummate genius, of daring charac-
ter, and unlimited ambition, dying, because of
the excess of that ambition whicU sought in-
dulgence in sacrificing human life, a prisoner
upon a barren rock of the ocean. She, how-
ever, by means of the immense wealth which
by force of her commerce she was able to ac-
cumulate, stood alone unharmed. Not a hostile
foot was ever permitted to tread the soil of
England daring the years of those mighty wars
which shook the other European nations. Then
what will not be the effect of this trade upon
us even in material power the imagination can
hardly exaggerate ; but what is still better, in
my judgment—and I am sure that such will be
the opinion of the Senate if it be well founded
in point of fact—it will make us through all
time one nation. We shall then all see that to
separate would be to go to destruction; that
our wealth, our power, our happiness consist
in keeping together and enjoying one and all
the vast accumulations of wealth and prosperity
consequent on that union, sure to be the result
of being the recipient of the immense trade of
the East.
I hope, therefore, Mr. President, without
venturing to trouble the Senate further upon
the subject, that they will agree to adopt the
measure now pending.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
amend the bill by striking out in lines twenty-
four and twenty-five the words "and for any
greater length of road than one hundred and
fifty miles from" and in lieu of those words to
insert the word " beyond so as to make the
proviso at the close of the bill read:
Provided. That no subsidy in United States bonds
shall be allowed to said Central Branch Company
beyond tlio termination ot the one hundred miles on
which bonds are authorized to bo issued on said line
of railroad.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Igave notice on
Friday that I should ask the Senate to consider
the appropriation bill for the Post Office De-
partment on Saturday, or, the Senate failing to
sit on Saturday, on this day.
Mr. HOWARD. The bill to which the Sen-
ator from Maine refers is not the order of the
day, and I hope he will not antagonize it with
the measure now before the Senate. I think
in a few minutes the bill now before us can be
disposed of, and I hope, therefore, wo shall
continue its consideration. It is now nearly
two months since it was reported, and I have
been looking for every opportunity to take it
up for the consideration of the Senate and have
the Senate pass upon it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am very well
satisfied from what I observed that the Senator
is not to get a vote on this bill at onee. The
bill to which I should like to invite the atten-
tion of the Senate will not take long. I hope
it can be passed in half an hour or so.
Mr. HOWARD. Let us finish our action j
on this bill, and I will then give the honorable j
Senator my assistance to take up the bill to j
which he refers. !
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the .
present and all prior orders bo postponed for i
the purpose of proceeding to the considera- |
tion of the bill making appropriations for the !
post office service. 1 feel some solicitude in I
the matter, because I hope that the Committee |
on Appropriations will be able to-morrow to ,
report the appropriation bill for the Army,
not with the expectation of proceeding with '
its consideration to-morrow, but of proceeding !
with it at the earliest possible moment. I [
hope the Senator from Michigan, therefore,
will not feel constrained to object to taking up
the post office appropriation bill now.
Mr. HOWARD. I really feel it my duty to
press the further consideration of the bill now
before the Senate. It is one of a great deal
of importance to the company concerned, as
well as to the country at large. Jt has been
before the Senate now for some two months,
and I really think the Senate will be but do-
ing its duty to finish its consideration at the
present time. I do not think the discussion
will last much longer.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senate is aware that
we make almost no progress with a measure if
we take it up and then lay it down again. I
believe this is the third time this bill has been
taken up. I should be exceedingly gratified
if we could be allowed to complete it to-day.
I think we can do so within an hour or two.
Of course 1 am disposed to vote to give prece-
dence to appropriation bills, and it is very
ungracious to try to postpone measures of
that national character; but I think I should
not be doing my duty if I did not urge the
Senate to dispose of this measure in some way.
It has had the attention of the Senate two or
three times, and it is important that it should
be brought to a close. I think we can take up
the appropriation bill during the clay after we
have concluded our action on this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hardly think
the friends of this bill have any reason to com-
plain if the appropriation bill should be pressed;
for the Senate will bear in mind that I-endeav-
ored to get the attention of the Senate to act
on the post office appropriation bill on Satur-
day, and I think that at least some Senators who.
are now for pushing it aside did not favor the
action of the Senate on Saturday.
Mr. POMEROY. I am not one of them.
Mr. MORltILL, of Maine. I doubt exceed-
ingly whether, after having given notice that I
should endeavor to call this appropriation bill
to the attention of the Senate to-day, it ought
to have been in a position to be antagonized
by this bill. However, I have no feeling on
the subject; if the Senate think otherwise, if
they think that a bill making appropriations
for the service of the Government should give
place to this bill, in its nature private, having
some public aspects, I do not deny it is for
the Senate to say. I feel it my duty to present
the subject to the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 wish, Mr. President,
an opportunity to submit some remarks upon
the bill now before the Senate. I have no
choice as to whether it continue to be consid-
ered now or be postponed. I suggest, how-
ever, to the Senator from Maine that if he ia
to press this motion we had better vote upon
it at once and go on with one bill or the other.
A good deal of time is elapsing in the consid-
eration of this incidental question.
Mr. POMEROY. If there was any neces-
sity for the post office appropriation bill to be
passed to-day I would not say a word; but it
is one of those -public measures that always
pass and may as well pass a month hence as
now. It is a, regular appropriation hill, and
no very urgent necessity requires it to be passed
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senate had not al-
ready commenced to-day the consideration of
the railroad bill, if they had not listened to an
address on the subject so that that bill may be
considered as fairly opened to the Senate on
this occasion, 1 should not oppose the proposi-
tion of my friend, the Senator from Maine ; but
it does seem to me that the best economy of
time will be consulted if the Senate proceeds
with the matter which it has already in hand.
I say, therefore, let us go on and try to finish.,
it to-day ; I do not doubt that we can finish it.;
but if the proposition of the Senator from Maine
is adopted then this measure goes over until
to-morrow or the day after to-morrow. I S';e
no need of the delay while important interests,
both public and private, are made to wait. I
am not aware that anything will wait by the
postponement of the appropriation bill; and
that appropriation bill, whenever it comes up,
if I may so express myself, will take care of
itself.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I believe that
the business of the Senate is a good deal behind
