1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that the collision with the fourth Michigan cavalry
aforementioned, in his opinion, was not caused by
any fault or negligence on the part of any member
of the first Wisconsin cavalry; that the sergeant in
command of the advance of the first Wisconsin cav-
alry acted as a soldier should always act under such
circumstanccs, and that three distinct and heavy
volleys were fired by the fourth Michigan cavalry
before a shot was returned by the first Wisconsin
cavalry, and that a constant firing was kept up by
both parties from the time that the engagement com-
menced until ho (Lieutenant Colonel Harnden) or-
dered tho firing to cease on the part, of the first Wis-
consin cavalry; and further, it is the firm belief of
him (Lieutenant Colonel Harnden) that had not the
first Wisconsin cavalry been fired upon and checked
for a time, they (tho first Wisconsin cavalry) would
have been in the camp of Davis and elfeeted his
capture as soon or even sooner than it was effected.
Mr. WASHBURN", of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, after occupying a few moments, I
will call for a vote on this question. I find
that I was somewhat mistaken in my statement
in relation to the action of the committee in
the Thirty-Ninth Congress ; but the gentleman
from Michigan was altogether mistaken in the
statement which he made. I knew that upon
an examination of this question the majority
of the Committee of Claims of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, and I thought theentirecom-
mittee, were in favor of the same report that
we have made at this session. I find upon an
examination of the fact that just at the close
of the session Mr. Hotchkiss, a member of
that committee, made a report; but it did not
come before the House as a report from the
committee, and was never acted on as such.
When the question came before the House, the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Delano] offered
a substitute, striking from the bill all referring
to the capture of Jeff. Davis, which was adopted
by the House almost unanimously.
The gentleman from Michigan has said that
this reward actually belongs to the person or
persons who made the capture of Jeff. Davis,
if that principle be adopted, we must throw
aside completely the action of the commission
appointed by the War Department. This the
gentleman will not deny. To whom did that
commission award this money ? Not to the lit-
tle squad of half a dozen men who surrounded
Davis and actually made the capture. That
commission awarded $10,000 to General Pritch-
ard. Why? Did General Pritehard actually
make the capture? Not at all. Did he arrive
at the place where Davis was before Colonel
Harnden did? Not at all; nothing of the kind
is claimed. I say, then, to the gentleman from
Michigan that if the persons who actually made
the capture are entitled to this reward it must
be paid to the handful of privates who sur-
rounded him, and General Pritehard would
not be entitled to one dollar, for he and Colo-
nel Harnden arrived at the scene of the cap-
ture at the same moment. That fact is not
denied.
Mr. UPSON. The gentleman is mistaken.
There is no such report and no such evidence.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. That
is the evidence sworn to before the committee ;
and it has never been denied by any witness
that has appeared before the committee.
Mr. UPSON. I can show reports and affi-
davits to the contrary.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. But
the gentleman from Michigan says, " Give this
reward to the persons who actually made the
capture." Why, sir, more than one hundred
of Pritehard's men were thirty-three miles dis-
tant from the scene of the capture when the
capture was made. Can this money be spread
out among those men 1 " But," says the gen-
tleman from Michigan, " General Pritehard
and his men have agreed to it." Sir, what
right have they to say how this money shall
be distributed ? They are interested parties.
It is for the War Department to determine who
are entitled to this reward for the capture of
Davis. Are the men who were patrolling the
river thirty-three miles distant, who were not
within a day's march of the scene of the cap-
ture, entitled to receive a portion of this re-
ward? We say they are not; but we say the
money should be distributed among each of
40th Cong. 2d Ress.—No. 247-
these bodies of men who contributed to the
capture, all who were in the immediate vicinity
and ready to seize Davis; and we care not if
one body of men was five minutes ahead of the
other. Even the affidavit which has been read
by the gentleman from Michigan shows simply
General Pritchard's party had arrived at the
place where Davis was only five minutes pre-
vious to the guns being fired.
Members will bear in mind that Colonel
Harnden and his party were then immediately
on the trail, having been engaged in the pur-
suit night and day for three days. The night
before the capture they encamped to await the
light of the morning; and the result shows
that Pritchard's men started a little too early,
for had they waited until the dawn of morning
the lives which were lost on account of their
starting so early would have been saved. It
so happens that Pritehard and his men, start-
ing a few moments earlier than the other party,
arrived at the scene of the capture, as is claimed
by their own affidavits, only five minutes be-
fore this regiment that had been on the trail
for two or three days night and day.
Mr. DRIGGS. The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Will
this House say that because Pritchard's men
happened to arrive there and succeed in mak-
ing the actual capture a few moments before
the other party arrived,! herefore all this money
should go to them ? If so, place it upon that
principle, and you will give every dollar of it
to the little squad of men who actually made
the capture and shut off Pritehard and his one
hundred and twenty-eight men who were not
there at the actual capture, but were thirty-
three miles distant upon the banks of the
river. We say in our award that no part
of this reward for the capture of Jeff. Davis
shall be given to the forty-five men belonging
to Harnden's regiment that he left behind at
Jefferson City.
Mr. DRIGGS. I wish to correct a mis-
statement the gentleman lias made.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I have
yielded the floor to the gentleman, and when
the proper time eoines 1 will yield again.
Mr. DRIGGS. I think the gentleman un-
intentionally misrepresents the facts in this
case.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. When
I come to the proper time I will yield to the
gentleman. There were different squads of
Harnden's men in different sections of the
country in pursuit of Jefferson Davis. Part of
Pritchard's men were thirty-three miles distant
patroling the banks of the river to prevent the
escape of Jefferson Davis. They were not pres-
ent at all at the time of his capture. They were
all engaged in the pursuit of Davis and mak-
ing their best effortts for his capture. We
have, therefore, attempted to divide this money
equally among those who seemed to be most
meritorious. Prom the nature of the case there
is no one who can stand up and say, " I did
more than another."
Mr. DRIGGS. I understand the gentleman
to state that the affidavitread by my colleague
admits there were only live minutes between
the arrival of the Wisconsin party and the de-
tachment of the fourth Michigan regiment.
Let me say to the gentleman he is mistaken.
It says distinctly they were there an hour or
an hour and a half before the Wisconsin troops.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. lain
not mistaken. The affidavit sustains me. Here
is what I said; General Harnden claims his
men, if they had not been hindered by Pritch-
ard's men and kept back, would have made the
capture sooner than Pritchard's men. The
affidavit states that Pritchard's men had ac-
tually made the capture live minutes before the
sound of the guns was heard.
Mr. UPSON". The gentleman is mistaken
about the action last session.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
think not. The then chairman of the commit-
tee [Mr. Delano] is here and can correct me if
I am wrong. He offered a substitute which
was adopted. It only referred to the capture
of Booth and had nothing to do with the cap-
ture of Jeff. Davis.
Mr. UPSON. 1 had examined the House
Journal, and was of the impression the amend-
ment was made after discussion and was ob-
jected to in the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
demand the previous question.
Mr. UPSON. What becomes of my amend-
ment?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I did
not yield for it.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. DRIGGS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UNITED STATES POSTAL TELEGRAPH COMPANY.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (PI. R. No. 1415) to
incorporate the United States Postal Telegraph
Company, and to establish a postal telegraph
system; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
REGULATIONS OF THE PUBLIC DEBT.
Mr. LOGAN, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1416)
to provide certain regulations as to the public
debt; which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
TERMINAL PACIFIC KAILBOAD COMPANY.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada, from the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, reported a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 330) relative to the
Terminal Central Pacific Railway Company ;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and recommitted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bills and joint-
resolution were severally referred; and alstv
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PENSION KILLS.
Mr. PERHAM, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments to sundry pension
bills, reported that the committee recommended
that tho House recede from its disagreement
to the Senate amendments to the following
bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 873) to place the name
of Mahala A. Straight upon the pension-roll
of the United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 522) granting a pension
to W. VV. Cunningham;
A bill (H. R. No. 670) granting a pension
to the widow and children of Andrew Holman ;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 770) granting a pension
to John H. Finley.
The committee further reported that the Sen-
ate recede from its amendments to the following
bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 456) granting a pension
to the minor children of Pleasant Stoops ;
A bill (H. '■!. No. 521) to place the name of
Solomon Zachman on the pension-roll;
A bill (H. R. No. 066) granting a pension
to Henry II. Hunter;
A bill (H. R. No. 672) granting a pension
to tho widow and minor children of Charles
W. Wilcox;
A bill (H. R. No. 073) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of John S.
Phelps;
A bill (H. R. No. 675) granting a pension
