390
APPENDIX TO TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
r.Timc-30,
Ho. op Heps.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Hanks.
40th Gong....2d Sess.'
have been found iti the Siberian regions, says
that—
"Russian America possesses mineral wealth thai
f-irsurpaeses the valueofits furs, fisheries, and forests.
The working of these mines would give more life to
the country, eausing villages and cities to spring up
and flourish more prosperously than any in the legs
hospitablo regions of Siberia.
"Comparing the geographical features of the two
countries, he believes the American part of the coun-
try as rich in minerals as the Asintic part, and is
aure that gold might be found in all the rivers and
valleys."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. " Might
bo found.''
Mr. BANKS. I refer also to the statement
o( Mark Whiteman, who with other miners
traveled over that country, visiting the tribes,
resting and working with them, speaking the
Chenokee, the Polish, the Russian, the English
languages, and thus finding some one every-
where to give him some knowledge of the
mineral resources of the country, which was
the object of his visit. He found the precious
metals himself, and brought them away with
him ; among others, platina in large quantities,
the nature and value of which lie did not under-
stand until the specimens which he brought
home were analyzed in California.
M. Roche also mentions platina, although
it has not been mentioned by any of the offi-
cers of the Coast Survey, or by any of the cor-
respondents, trappers, or natives, until the letter
of Mark Whiteman brought it to light. Roche
declared fifteen years ago that platina, lead,
silver, diamonds, and other minerals found in
Siberia would be discovered in the mountains
of Russian America. In fact, he says that jet,
kaolin, opal, black lead, gypsum, galena, por-
phyry, iron, carbonates, amber, sulphur,
petroleum, variegated marble, iron ore, &c.,
have been brought to light. Many beds of
bituminous coal have been discovered on the
coast and in the Aleutian Islands. The Russian
steamers have long taken coal from the mines
of Kodiak, which can furnish it for future com-
merce for many years yet.
In support of this testimony of Roche, we
have received within a few days a carefully
prepared and elaborate statement of Professor
Davidson, whose opinions cannot be discred-
ited, who says that in this territory is to bo
found the purest and the best coal upon the
Pacific coast.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Will the
gentleman be kind enough to refer to the page
of Professor Davidson's testimony ?
Mr. BANKS. I will give the statement here-
after in Professor Davidson's own words. Pure
copper is found in large cubic masses. Cop-
per plates, hammered out by the natives, and
with hieroglyphics engraved upon them, the
history of their tribes-and families, have been
found. Silver is also found in many places ;
also quartz, with sulphate of iron and lead.
Gold has been reported at Cook's inlet, on the
Stikine river.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. "Re-
ported."
Mr. BANKS. Reported by men who have
been there. There is no doubt whatever about
the existence of large quantities of gold on the
Stikine river, and also on other streams wash-
ing down from the mountains which extend
through the whole of this territory. A corre-
spondent of the LaCrosse Republican, writing
in excellent spirit, and, I have no doubt, in
entire good faith, states the evidences which
he saw of the existence of deposits of quick-
silver 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. This is
a very important question; and I desire, as I
have no doubt the House does, that both sides
shall be fully heard. I moye, therefore, that
the time of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Basks] be indefinitely extended. I pos-
sibly may ask for myself a similar favor.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objec-
tion, the time of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts will be indefinitely extended.
There was no objection.
Mr. MILLER. Before the gentleman from
Massachusetts resumes his remarks, I desire to
ask him to explain what quantity of the land
embraced in this purchase is susceptible of
cultivation.
Mr. BANKS. I will do so.
Mr. MILLER. I have examined the gen-
tleman's report very carefully, and I do not
find anything on this point.
Mr. BANKS. The territory between the
forty-fifth and sixtieth parallels of north lati-
tude, west of the Roeky mountains, on the
Pacific coast, embraces three hundred thou-
sand square miles of cultivable, arable land,
according to the statement of the land com-
missioner, based upon the authority of Mr.
Blodgett, the climatologist, a gentleman of
Pennsylvania, whose character is perfectly well
known and highly appreciated in this country.
There are three hundred thousand square miles
of cultivable and arable land between the forty-
fifth and sixtieth parallels, the greater portion
of which is in Russian America—that part
between the forty-fifth and fifty-fourth degrees
above Vancouver's Island to the Russian pos-
sessions, west of the mountains, being nar-
row and unimportant—according to Mr. Blod-
gett's statement. The Commissioner of Public
Lands says there are twelve million eight hun-
dred thousand acres—twenty thousand square
miles—of land which can be biought into cul-
tivation by actual settlors under the present
land system of the United States.
The correspondents of the Aita Californian
and Journal say there are twenty thousand
square miles of cultivable and arable lands in
the vicinity of Cook's inlet, which they call the
garden of Alaska. There is more arable land
in Alaska, according to ihe official statement
of the Land Office, than there was estimated
to be in California when we purchased that
country from Mexico.
The testimony of newspaper correspondents
and of our own officers and scientific men show
that in many portions of this territory herds-
grass, of excellent quality, grows wild without
caro or culture; white and burr clover are found
there; cattle are fat, and beef tender and deli-
cate ; oats and barley thrive like nativegrasses;
peas grow at Oonalaska in latitude 64°; tur-
nips, potatoes, carrots, beets, cabbages, and
other root crops are the main support of the
people. Winter gooseberries, blackberries,
cranberries, raspberries, huckleberries, and
thimblebernes are abundant. The rose, poppy,
marigold, astrca, and hollyhock grow in per-
fection in the gardens of the officers at Sitka.
Plants are found in the Arctic regions which
belong to a temperate climate. Poisonous
plants are few and not virulent, and reptiles,
toads, and lizards are never seen.
This is the character of the country in its
agricultural aspect. It is covered with gigantic
pine forests, with the exception of a strip of
land upon the northern coast opposite Behring
strait. Trees measure between three and six
feet. I saw a gentleman hero the other 'lay.
(Mi*. Page,) a citizen of one of the Territories
on the Pacific coast, who says he has seen a
tree three feet in diameter growing over a fallen
tree of nearly equal size, and as sound as the
living tree above it. He is a man whose word
I certainly have no right to question. He states
a fact, as within his own knowledge which with-
out his authority I would not repeat. Il is
confirmed by what is said of the density and
solidity of this timber by the officers of the
Coast Surve}r, and by the naval commission at
Toulon, made in 1860, wheti comparing it with
the masts and spars from Riga. Such facts
speak for the fertility of this country, if noth-
ing else. As I have said, Alaska is covered
with timber of this description except a strip
of one hundred miles on Behring strait.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Did Mr.
Page say he saw it ?
Mr. BANKS. He saw it and he affirms it.
Every gentleman must jndge for himself whether
it is so or not.
Let me speaknow of the timber of Alaslka
It consists of white fir, spruce fir, white and yel-
low pine, cedar and hemlock, alder, some oak.
and a few other species of timber of which we
know little. The Alaska cedar for ship-build-
ing is the best in the world. An imperial
commission of the French Government sitting
at Toulon in 1860 reported that' masts and
spars from Vancouver's Island are superior to
those from Riga. The timber of Alaska is of
the same quality as that of Vancouver's Island.
This is the opinion of the French imperial com-
mission sitting at Toulon. It is also the testi-
mony of Professor Davidson. The hemlock
will be used for tanning hides, which are abun-
dant in Siberia, and the alder is extensively
used in curingfish. Upon the coast of Alaska
and all through the country hemlock and cedar
are abundant. That the whole territory is
covered with forests, excepting a strip of one
hundred miles opposite Behring strait, is
another fact that is not and cannot be dis-
puted. I will say no more for the timber of
Alaska.
I will, however, with the consent of the com-
mittee, allude to a fact concerning the pro-
ducts of Russia in the same latitude as the
timber forests of Alaska. In the interior of
Russia, between the fifty-fifth and sixty-second
parallels of latitude, in the provinces of Nov-
gorod, Viataka. Kostroma, and Kasan there
is found a tree of the lime, linden or basswood
specic-s called the tilleul. The bark of this tree
has great commercial importance. Everyyear
the bark of these trees is stripped by the people
of these four provinces and manufactured into
numerous useful fabrics. The whole popula-
tion turn out for some two or three weeks
during the season and, devote all their time
and energy to the gathering of this bark.
A Member. What is the population of the
provinces?
Mr. BANKS. It numbers many thousands ;
it is in the central part of Russia, where the
population is very great. Of this bark they
manufacture mats, envelopes for merchandise,
carriage covers, carpets, ponton-bridges, sacks
for corn, cords, cables, sails for their river and
canal boats, roofs for their houses, and shoes
for their feet, paper for writing used in place
of parchment, and canvas for their paintings.
Legal documents are written on the material
manufactured from this bark. Now, this ter-
ritory is in the same line exactly with Alaska,
and it is the same kind of country in other
respects. The two countries are the same in
the matter of timber, and we have reason to
suppose woods of the same class and character
will be discovered in Alaska that grow in Rus-
sia. This, however, is problematical.
Gentlemen tell us, although this timber may
existin quantities and of the excellent character
described, it is of no use, because we have
enough elsewhere. They forget that the world
changes. Whoever speaks in that sense must
imagine that he is eternal and that everything
else is mortal. Everywhere we see evidences
that this continent is being rapidly stripped of
its forests, which once coveied it as they now
cover Alaska. Even the prairies, occupied
by gentlemen around me, are supposed to have
been once covered by primeval forests. In
Lapland there are evidences of the existence
oi immense forests. There are the remains of
trunks of trees of gigantic size that bear iucon-
testible evidence of having been grown on the
land or ground where they now are.
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentleman allow mo
to state a fact just here ?
Mr. PANICS. Certainly.
Mr. PRICK. In reference to the prairies
I want to say that there is more timber to-day
