3938
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
to the widow and minor children of Cornelius
L. Rice; and
A bill (H. R. No. 670) granting a pension
to Thomas Connelly.
The committee further reported that the
Senate recede from some of its amendments
and the House recede from its disagreement to
other Senate amendments to the following bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 518) granting a pension
to George F. Gorham, late a private in com-
pany B, twenty-ninth regiment Massachusetts
volunteer infantry;
A bill (H. R. No. 525) granting a pension
to Jeremiah T. Hallett;
A bill (H. R. No. 661) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of William
Craft;
A bill (H. R. No. 662) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of George R.
Waters;
A bill (H. R. No. 663) granting a pension
to Cyras K. Wood, the legal representative of
Cyrus D. Wood;
A bill (H. R. No. 664) granting a pension
to the minor children of Charles Gouler ;
A bill (Ii. R. No. 669) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Myron
Wilklow ;
A bill (H. R. No. 677) granting a pension
to the minor children of James Heatherly ;
A bill (H. R. No. 771) granting a pension
to John H. Lay;
A bill (H. R. No. 773) granting a pension
to William H. McDonald ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 825) granting a pension
to John W. Hughes.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
damaged arms and ordnance.
On motion ofMr. GARFIELD, by unanimous
consent, the amendment of the Senate to the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 292) directing the
Secretary of War to sell damaged or unservice-
able arms, ordnance, and ordnance stores was
taken from the Speaker's table.
The amendment, which was to insert after the
word "stores" the word "now," so as to read
" now in possession of the War Department,"
was concurred in.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was concurred
in ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
deficiency bill.
The House resumed, as the regular order,
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1341)
making appropriations to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1868, and for other purposes, which had been
postponed till to-day.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. There
are but two or three amendments—but one, I
think, of any importance—to be acted upon.
I will simply say—for I do not wish to provoke
discussion—that that one is what is called the
twenty per cent, proposition. It is to be re-
duced now from five to ten per cent, below the
twentypercent., making in all, as I am informed
by the Department, about one third the amount
contained in the former bill. I have simply
one other word to say. Every employ6 of this
House is now, under the various laws passed
during this session, entitled to twenty per cent,
additional compensation.
A Member. Some of them forty.
Mr._ STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I am
speaking of the lowest. These civil employes
who alone have been excluded, we now move
to provide for in this bill. I will not make a
speech. The House understands it so well it
will act according to its own judgment. I
demand the previous question on all the amend-
ments.
Mr. KELSEY. I suppose I am entitled to
a vote on some amendments that were proposed
to this bill and were not adopted in Committee
of the Whole. This bill was considered in
Committee of the Whole by a general agreed
consent order, and it was that where a quorum
did not vote upon an amendment offered and
it was not adopted by the committee a vote
could be had upon it in the House. Am I right
in that ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not ex-
actly correct. The Chair does not rule in regard
to what occurred in Committee of the Whole
unless he happened to be present. The gen-
tleman from iowa [Mr. wilson] was in the
chair and he overruled the very point of order
and had the reporter's notes read as to the agree-
ment made at the suggestion of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne.]
Mr. KELSEY. I understand that I am en-
titled to a vote upon amendments which were
proposed and not adopted in Committee of the
Whole?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not so
understand.
Mr. KELSEY. Then I raise the point of
order that this bill has not been considered in
Committee of the Whole at all.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Allow
me to say a word.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must decide
the point of order.
Mr. KELSEY. I desire the privilege of
stating my point of order.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. May I
say to the gentleman from New York that I
understood the matter as he did, and made that
point in Committee of the Whole, and the
Chair overruled me, very much to my disgust,
of course. [Laughter.] But I want to say
that the point of order was decided in that way.
Mr. KELSEY. If I am not right in claim-
ing the privilege of a vote on those amend-
ments I make the point of order that this bill
has never been considered in Committee of the
Wholeatall. It was not competent, as lclaim,
for the House to refer this bill to the Commit-
tee of the Whole and then constitute a Com-
mittee of the Whole out of a less number than
a quorum. Both of those things were done by
order of the House, if the ruling of the Chair
is correct; and I now insist either that the bill
shall be sent to the Committee of the Whole
for consideration or that we shall have a right
to\ote in the House on the amendments that
were then offered and were rejected when no
quorum was present.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order on two grounds. The first is
that under the rule, which will be found in the
Digest, a point of order cannot be renewed
after it has once been settled and decided
even by suggesting additional reasons, and
this is the precise point made by the gentle-
man from New York in Committee of the
Whole. The second ground on which the
Chair overrules the point of order is that the
chairman of the Committee of the Whole
reported the bill to the House with various
amendments. That was entered on the Jour-
nal and the Journal was approved the next
day. That is the record, and the gentleman
cannot deny the record in sustaining the point
of order. The Chair, therefore, overrules the
point of order.
Mr. MULLINS. Another point of order.
By what political right  
The SPEAKER. That is not a question of
order.
Mr. MULLINS. The point of order is,
how does the gentleman from Pennsylvania
get his amendment in and cut off the other
amendments that were pending?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania offered this amendment on Fri-
day last. When the bill was reported from
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union he renewed the amendment which
he had offered in the Committee of the Whole.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washeorne]
stated that he reserved a point of order upon
it, and the Chair stated that it could not be
reserved, because the rule states that amend-
ments of this character must be first consid-
ered in Committee of the Whole, and this pre-
cise amendment had been considered in Com-
mittee of the Whole and could, therefore, be
offered in the House.
Mr. MULLINS. Then I ask that all the
amendments that were adopted in Committee
of the Whole to this' amendment be carried
with it.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yields for that purpose, the gen-
tleman from Tennessee can offer any amend-
ments. . _
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I do not
distinctly understand the gentleman, and there-
fore I think we had better go on. [Laughter.]
Mr. MULLINS. He understands too well
to admit it.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendments of the Committee of the
Whole were then concurred in.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I now ask
unanimous consent to submit an amendment
to this bill; to insert after line seventy-four
the following:
Provided, That nothing in this act shall bo con-
strued to give validity to any treaty or part thereof,
which otherwise would be invalid.
The bill under consideration contains this
provision, to which I propose my amend-
ment :
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay the
balance due for surveys of land embraced in the
Osage Indian reservation, and the Cherokee neutral
lands, in the State of Kansas, under contracts dated,
respectively, August 14 and 16,1866, (the said sum to
be returued to the Treasury out of proceeds of sales
of said lands, as provided by treaties with said In-
dians,) $27,980 51.
The amendment I havesubmitted is designed
to shut out any claim of a legislative recogni-
tion of the validity of sales of public lands
made in pursuance of treaties with Indian
tribes. I have constantly denied the validity of
such sales, and 1 presented some of the reasons
in a speech I had the honor to make on the
21st of March last. Since that time the House
has sustained the opinions I then expressed
by a joint resolution passed June 3, in these
words:
Joint resolution relative to the lands of the Chero-
kee and Great and Little Osage Indians.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the President of the United States be, and
he is hereby, directed to withhold the issuing of
patents to the purchasers of lands heretofore sold, or
which may hereafter be sold, under and by virtue
of the treaty between the United States and the
Cherokee Indians, concluded on the 19th day of July,
1866. and the treaty between the United States and
the Great and Little Osage Indians, concluded on the
29th day of September, 1865, or under any Indian
treaty which may hereafter be concluded, until other-
wise provided for by law.
Again, on the 18th of June, the House denied
the validity of such sales by a resolution
adopted in relation to the Osage Indian treaty
of May 27, which resolution is in these words:
"Resolved, (as the sense of this House.) That the
objects, terms, conditions, and stipulations of the
aforesaid pretended treaty are not within the treaty-
making power, nor are they authorized either by the
Constitution or lawsofthe United States; and there-
fore this House does hereby solemnly condemn the
same, and does also earnestly but respectfully express
the hope and expectation that the Senate will not
ratify the said pretended treaty."
I think it may be said that so far as this
House is concerned the purpose is settled to
prohibit the sale of the public lands under
treaties with the Indian tribes. The amend-
ment I have offered is a mere affirmance of
that doctrine, a provision by way of abundant
caution, denying that Congress shall give any
legislative recognition of the validity of such
sales.
The SPEAKER. The amendment requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think this amendment
had better be considered in the Senate.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I would
have no objection to the amendment if it did
not look so ludicrous.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Mayxard] agreed
to allow my amendment to be offered in the
