506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
and the Senate is whether there should be an
absolute repeal of the tax after 1867 or merely
a suspension of it for that year. Being of
opinion that the suspension of the tax for the
year 1868 only will simply be holding it like a
dead-fall over those who are interested in this
branch of industrial pursuits, that no man
will invest his capital, will open or reclaim
lands, establish cotton-gins, or buy mules for
this business, and that no capital or laborers
will come from the North to undertake this
business with that tax simply suspended over
their heads for a twelvemonth, the commit-
tee have thought it better to have no repeal at
all. They therefore recommend that the House
non-concur in the amendments proposed by
the Senate.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask him a question?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. We on this side of the
House were listening as well as we could, but
did not hear distinctly the remarks of the gen-
tleman. We understand that there are two or
more amendments proposed by the Senate.
Does the Committee of Ways and Means rec-
ommend non-concurrence in all those amend-
ments?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir ; leaving the bill
as it was passed by the House.
I now demand the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker-
Mr. SCHENCK.
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. STEVENS,
I yield to the gentleman
of Pennsylvania. If we
concur in this bill as amended by the Senate
we shall be ready to be governed by circum-
stances next year. Congress can then act
according to the exigencies of the times. I
see no necessity for further legislation, unless
the times should then demand it. Why not
allow Congress then to act as may seem neces-
sary at that time? I think the bill is right as
it now stands. We should leave the matter
open so that the next Congress may affirm or
reject what has been done. It is sufficient if
we fix the matter for this year. For my own
part I do not believe in repealing the tax at
all; if we do anything of the kind I think we
should not go beyond a temporary suspension.
Let the next Congress be free to act on the
subject in the same manner that we do. I
hope, therefore, that the amendments of the
Senate will be concurred in.
Mr. PILE. Will the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schexck] yield to me for five minutes?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will yield five minutes
to the gentleman. I desire, however, to get
through with this subject daring the hour.
Mr. PILE. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say, in
reply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens , ] that I understan d the obj ect of repeal-
ing this tax on cotton to be to encourage the
production of cotton in the southern States.
Ihe suspension of the tax for only one year
will utterly defeat the whole object intended to
be reached. In order that cotton may be pro-
duced it is necessary that men .should go down
into the cotton-growing country and buy or
lease plantations. A large number of the plant-
ations are in a very bad condition, grown lip
with weeds and bushes, the fences down, &c.
These plantations cannot produce a crop for
the coming year without a - large outlay of
money. Under a suspension of the tax for one
year no man will invest money in putting these
plantations in repair, and in buying mules,
norses, and the necessary implements of agri-
culture to produce a crop. Concurrence with
the Senate 'amendments will defeat the whole
object of the bill, and we might just as well
leave the tax as it is.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BARNES. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me five minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am afraid of hazarding
the bill by delay; and I believe I must decline
to yield. I insist on the demand for the pre-
vious question.
I The previous question was seconded and the
• main question ordered.
I The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schexck] has moved to non-con-
cur in the amendments of the Senate ; but the
question will be taken on concurring, accord-
ing to the rule on page 67 of the Digest.
The amendments of the Senate were not
concurred in.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the House had refused to con-
cur in the amendments of the Senate; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXCUSED FROM COMMITTEE SERVICE.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Fox] asks to be excused from
further service on the Committee on Invalid
Pensions on account of service on another
committee. If there is no objection the gen-
tleman will be excused.
There was no objection.
COPPER SMELTED WITH FOREIGN ORKS.
Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of so amending the revenue laws as to authorize a
drawback for exportation upon copper smelted by
the infusion of foreign ores to the extent of the
j duties paid by such imported ores.
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES.
I Mr. VAN WYCK. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to state when the vote was taken yesterday on
the question from the Judiciary Committee in
reference to the Supreme Court I was absent
by previous appointment on the Committee on
Retrenchment to take testimony. Had I been
present I would have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I must
resume the floor.
GETTYSBURG ASYLUM ASSOCIATION.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I desire to call atten-
tion to another matter, if there be no objection.
There was no objection.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Mr. Speaker, in a com-
munication liberally scattered through this
Hall by the manager of the Gettysburg asylum
scheme I am charged with " lashing the Post-
master General and Commissioner of Internal
Revenue." I did no such thing; I merely
called for information from the revenue depart-
ment. Eor what right had this scheme, which
was to enrich its originators, to be exempt from
the payment of tax? It contemplates taking
$1,200,000 from the pockets of the people,
i while the most they propose to donate to
the object of the charity is $10,000, leaving
$1,190,000 in the hands of operators to pay for
property at fictitious values and to be divided
among themselves.
I did allude to the letter of the Postmaster
General wherein he asked his twenty thousand
postmasters to aid this " truly benevolent and
patriotic enterprise." I insisted that he had
been deceived. Such proves to be the fact.
The editor of the Mail, in the December num-
ber, is authorized by the_ Postmaster General
to withdraw his name from this lottery. I have
his consent to use that withdrawal as I deem
best, and therefore read it to this House and
the country.
"We are authorized by the Postmaster General to
say that at the time he was induced to sign this
recommendation he believed the enterprise was a
praiseworthy one and intended to aid a noble char-
ity. but that he has become convinced that the schema
has been perverted to fraudulent purposes and he
desires to withdraw the recommendation he then
made."
I am obliged to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania for yielding to me.
TAX ON DISTILLED SPIRITS.
Mr. EGGLESTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask
unanimous consent to submit the following
resolution, for reference to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
is hereby instructed to inquireintothe expediency of
selling to the highest bidder the exclusive privilege
of manufacturing spirits in the United States and
Territories for the term of ten or more_years, said
privilege to be sold at not less than 875,000,000 per
annum.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. EGGLESTON. It is only for refer-
ence.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not object to that.
The resolution was then referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
deficiency bill.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I am
instructed by the Committee on Appropria-
tions to move that the Senate be requested to
return to this House House bill No. 313,
known as the deficiency appropriation bill,
and that it be then recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I did not
know anything of this kind was ordered by
the committee.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It was
before the committee, and I was instructed to
make the motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to have entered a Motion to reconsider.
The motion was entered.
SCHOOLS FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to have
an order of the House for the printing of
amendments I have prepared to a bill (H. R.
No. 374) to establish a system of schools for
the District of Columbia, which shall serve as
a model for similar institutions throughout the
nation.
Mr. WOOD. Let mc ask a question in ref-
erence to this bill. Is it made a special order
for to-morrow? Is he serious in designing to
press the bill upon the attention of the House
at this session ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. That
will depend upon the feeliag of the House. I
have no particular design one way or the
other.
The SPEAKER. The bill will not be
reached to-morrow, as a bill has been made
a special order under a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman has hereto-
fore introduced various propositions, which
he has been content merely to present to the
House and the country. Does he desire to
have it discussed and acted on?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I should
like to have it discussed and voted on. I shall
ask for the action of Congress.
There was no objection, and the amend-
ments were ordered to be printed.
NATIONAL BANK CURRENCY.
Mr. ROSS, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
instructed to furnish totheHouseof Representatives
a statement of the expenses incurred by the Govern-
ment of the United Statesin printing and furnishing
currency for their circulation to the national banks.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. BEAMAN, the Committee
on Appropriations was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of J. W.
Martin; and the same was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Also, from the further consideration of the
petition and accompanying papers of Anna B.
Perkins; and the same were referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
TAX FOR PAYMENT OF BOUNTIES.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent, offered
the following preamble and resolution ; which
were read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas during the rebellion the different cities,
counties, and townships of the several States, by
reason of their exertions to promptly furnish their
quotas for our armies, have inourred a great indent-
