2914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
list, shall proceed to collect such assessed penalties
by distraint orsuit as provided by law for the collec-
tion of taxes, and no suit shall bo brought for a pen-
alty until after sach investigation and assessment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move on behalf of the
committee to amend by inserting after the
word "any," in line one, the words "penal
taxes or."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move further to amend
ty inserting in line eight and line thirteen each
before the word "penalty," where it occurs,
tb'e words "penal tax." Also, in line twelve,
before the word "penalty," by inserting the
words "penal tax and."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. POLAND. I move to strike out after
the word " penalties," in line twelve, to the
word "and," in line thirteen, and to insert
the words " unless voluntarily paid by proper
suit or complaint." By this section every
penalty that is provided for is to be inserted in
the assessment, when it comes to the knowl-
edge of the assessor, and it is made the duty
of the collector to go forward and collect it
either by suitor by distraint. It will be noticed
that this bill bristles with penalties.
Mr. SCHENCK. If it will not be offensive
to the gentleman, I will say I am willing for
one to accept that amendment if the committee
agree with me.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to strike out the
word "penalty" wherever it occurs in this sec-
tion, so that only the words "penal tax" or
" penal taxes" may remain.
Mr. POLAND. If the gentleman had paid
attention to the amendment which I offered, I
think he would not have offered this amend-
ment.
Mr. JENCKES. I did pay attention but it
was impossible to hear it.
Mr. POLAND. My amendment was to
insert the words, "unless voluntarily paid by
proper suit or complaint." The authority
given by this section to collect and distrain for
a penalty is taken away by this amendment.
Mr. JENCKES. Then I understand that
the word " distraint" is stricken out?
Mr. POLAND. Yes, sir.
Mr. JENCKES. I withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. SI. And be it further enacted. That before any
collcctor shall enter upon the duties of his office he
shall execute a bond in such form and in such penal
sura as shall be prescribed by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, with two or more sureties to be
approved by a judge of the circuit or district court
of the United States for that judicial district, con-
ditioned that said collector shall faithfully perform
the duties of his office according to law, and shall
justly and promply account for and pay over to the
United States, in compliance with law and regula-
tions of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, all
public moneys which may come into his possession;
which bondshail be filed ki the office of the First
Comptroller of the Treasuo*. And such collector
shall, from time to time, renew, strengthen, and in-
crease his official bond, as the Commissioner may
direct,with such further conditions as the said Com-
missioner shall prescribe.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the word "two" in line five and insert-
ing " fiveso that it will read "five or more
sureties."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I also move, in line nine,
after the word "for," to insert the words " all
stamps and other property."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 32. Andbc.it further enacted, That each collec-
tor shall be authorized to appoint, by an instrument
in writing, as many deputies ashe may think proper,
to be by him compensated for their services, and also
to revoke any such appointment, giving such notice
thereof as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
shall prescribe; and may require bonds or other
securities, and accept the same, from such deputies;
and each such deputy shall have the like authority,
in every respect, to collect the taxes levied or assessed
within the portion of the district assigned to him
which is by this act vested in the collector himself;
but^ach collectorsha.il, in every respect, be respons-
ible both to the United States and to individuals, as
the case may be, for all moneys collected, and for
ovory act done or ncglectod to be done by any of his
deputies while acting as such.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the word "act" in line ten and insert-
ing "law."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the committee to the
first two lines of this section, and ask whether
it is not best to make an amendment? I
believe all these appointments of deputies are
made by the Secretary of the Treasury on the
nomination of the, collector or assessor. Now,
if occurs to me we cannot authorize a collector
to appoint subordinates.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman is think-
ing of assistant assessors. The collector is
charged with every dollar of the tax assessed,
and is bound to account for it. For this pur-
pose he is permitted to select his own deputies,
every one of whom is appointed by him. He
is responsible for them, and the Government
has nothing to do with them.
Mr. GAHFIELD. The gentleman is right;
I was thinking of assessors.
No further amendment being offered to the
thirty-second section, the next section was
read, as follows:
Sec. 33. And be it further enacted. That in ease of
the sickness or temporary disability of a collector to
discharge his duties, they may be devolved by him
upon one of his deputies: and for the official acts
and defaults of such deputy the collector and his
sureties shall be held responsible to the United
States; and in case of a vacancy occurring in the
office of collector, the deputies of such collector shall
continue to act until his successor is appointed; and
until a successor shall be appointed the deputy of
such collector senior in service shall discharge all
the duties and receive the compensation of collector;
and for the official acts and defaults of such deputy,
remedy shall be had on the official bond of the col-
lector. But if it shall appeal to the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue that the interest of the Govern-
ment shall so require, hemay, by hisorder, directsaid
duties to be pertormedby such other of the said dep-
uties as he may designate. And any bond or secur-
ity taken from a deputy by such collector, pursuant
to this act, shall be available tohis legal representa-
tives and sureties to indemnify them for lossordam-
age accruing- from any act or omission of duty by the
deputy so continuing or succeeding to the duties of
such collcctor.
No amendments were offered, and the next
section was read as follows:
Sec. 34. And beit further enacted, That the collector
of internal revenue at any port of entry in the Uni-
ted States shall have charge of all matters relating
to the exportation from said port of articles subject
to tax under the laws to provide internal revenue,
subject to such regulations, not inconsistent with the
provisions of this act, as the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue may prescribe; and at any port of entiy
where there is more than one collector of internal
revenue, the said Commissioner shall designate one
of said collectors to be collector in charge of exports,
whose duty itshall be to have charge of all matters
relating to exportations as aforesaid from such port
of entry; and at such ports of entry as the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue may deem necessary,
there shall be an officer appointed by him to super-
intend all matters of exportation and drawback,
under the direction of the said collector, whose com-
pensation thereior shall be prescribed by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, but shall not excecd
in any case an annual rate of £l?,000, excepting at
NewYork, where the compensation, shall not exceed
an nnnuai rate of £3,000. And any books, papers,
and documents in the respective ports relating to the
drawback of taxes paid under the internal revenue
laws shall be delivered to said collector of internal
revenue; and any collector of internal revenue, or
superintendent of exports and drawbacks, shallhave
authority to administer such oaths and certify to
such papers as maybe nccessary under an y rules and
regulations thatmay be prescribed under the author-
ity herein conffirred.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to offer the
following amendment:
On pnge 80, section thirty-four, line sixteen, after
the word " collector," insert the words " to be known
as superintendent of exports;" so that the clause
will read:
And at such ports of entry as the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue may deem necessary, there
shall be an officer appointed by him to superintend
all matters of exportation nnd drawback, under the
direction of the said collector, to be known as super-
intendent of exports, whose compensation thereior
shall be proscribed by the Commissioned of Internal
Revenue, bnt shall not excced in any ease an annual
rate of $2,000, excepting at New York, where the
compensation shall not exceed an annual rate ©f
$3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I also offer the following
amendment in behalf of the Committee of
Ways and Means:
On page 89, section thirty-four, line twenty-four,
after the word " revenue," where it iirst occurs, insert
the words "in charge of exports;" so that the clause
will road:
And any books, papers, and documents in tho
respective ports relating to the drawback of taxes
paid under the internal revenuelaws shall be deliv-
ered to said collector of internal revenue in charge
of exports.
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendments being offered to the
thirty-fourth section, the next section was read
as follows:
Sec. 35. And be it further enacted. That there shall
bo allowed to collectors, in full compensation far
their services and that of their deputies, a salary of
$1,500 per annum, to be paid quarterly, and, in addi-
tion thereto, a commission ot three per cent, upon
the first $100,000, and a commission of one per cent,
upon all sums above $100,000 and not exceeding$400,-
000, and a commission of one half of one per cent,
on all sums above $400,000 and not exceeding $1,000,-
000, and one-eighth of one per cent, on all sums
above $1,000,000; such commissions to be computed
upon the amounts by them respectively collected and
paid over and accounted for under the instructions
of the Treasury Department, and adjusted in con-
formity with the fiscal year as in other cases, except
that in determining the compensation.to be allowed
to any collector the commission shall be computed
on one half of the tax on any articles which shall
have been transported from his district in bond, and
on only one half of the tax on any articles received
in his district in bond, where such transportation has
been by shipmentfrom one district to another- And
there shall be further paid, after the account thereof
has been rendered to and approved by the proper
officers of the Treasury, to each collector his neces-
sary and reasonable charges for advertising, station-
ery, and blank books used in the performance of his
official duties, and for postage actually paid on letters
and documents received or sent, and exclusively
relating to official business; but no such account shall
be allowed unless itshall state the date and the par-
ticular items of every such expenditure, and shall
be verified by the oath or affirmation of the collector,
and have the approval of theCommissionerof Inter-
nal Revenue indorsed thereon. But the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue is authorized to make
such further allowances, from time to time, as may
bo reasonable in cases in which, from the territorial
extent of the district, or from the amount of internal
taxes collccted, or from other circumstances, it may
seem just to make such allowances.
Mr. SCHENCK. lofferthefollowingamend-
ment from the Committee of Ways and Means:
On page 40, section thirty-five, lines twenty-three
and twenty-four, strike out the words "proper
officers of the Treasury,f> and insert in lieu thereof
the words "Commissioner of Internal Revenue;" so
that the clause will read:
And there shall be further paid, after the account
thereof has been rendered to and approved by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, to each collector
hisnecessary.and reasonable charges for advertising,
stationery, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ELA. I move to strike out all after the
word u deputies,'' in the third line to the end
of the eleventh line, and insert in lieu thereof
the following:
A salary of $1,000 per annum to be paid quarterly,
and, in addition thereto, a commission ot two and
one half per cent, on the first $100,000, and a com-
mission of one per cent, upon all sums above $100,000
and not exceeding $300,000, and a commission of one
half of one per cent, on all sums above §300,000 and
not exceeding $300,000, and one eighth of one per
cent, on all sums above $800,000.
The amendment now offered, if adopted,
■will remove one of the great cotoplaints now
made by the payers of taxes, that there are
too many persons employed and at too high
pay. I am inclined to believe that while you
may not much reduce the number of persons
employed the expense can be reduced from
twenty-five to ' thirty-three per cent. The
compensation is now altogether out of propor-
tion to any pay the same talent ever received
before, or could again obtain in any other
business. I am unable to conceive why tho
committee should have reduced the paj'of'the
assessor—the officer who has to furnish the
most ability and do the most work—leaving
the compensation of the collector as before.
The collector has always had very much higher
pay than the assessor, taking into account the
! ability required and the ditties performed. I
shall probably be mot by the chairman cf the
committee with the argument of the great
responsibility and the bond of the collector
for the performance of his duties.
Now, Mr. Chairman, 1 have in mind a col-
lector who has paid into the Treasury
000 annually—-who in efficiency will compare
favorably with any collector in the country—
whose district has been kept comparatively
