1890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marclil6,
that of the House; nearly all the appropriation
bills are yet to be acted upon ; and, judging
from my short experience here, 1 think they
are even less likely to pass than a railroad bill.
I hope, therefore, we shall attend to the appro-
priation bills first.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Maine
to postpone all prior orders and take up the
• post office appropriation bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Conkling, Da-
vis. Edmunds, Fessenden, Frelinshuysen, Grimes,
Henderson, Hendricks, Howe, McCrccry, Morgan,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Norton, Saulsbury, Sherman, Trumbull, and Vick-
ers—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Conness, Cor-
bett.Cragin, Dixon, Doolittlc, Drake, Ferry,Ilarlan,
Howard, Johnson. Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Stewart,
Suraner, Thayer, Tipton, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey,
Williams, Wilson, and Yates—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cattell, Cole, Fowler,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennes-
see, Ross, and Sprague—8.
So the motion did not prevail.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, a majority
of the memorialists, upon whose prayer the
bill before us is brought forward, are residents
of the State of New York; and if the merits
of the bill were such as to enable me to give
it my support I should feel not only the con-
sciousness of voling as I ought to do, but the
pleasure which may properly be derived from
the fact that a vote justly given coincides with
what inclination might be if inclination were
at liberty to prevail I wish, however, to assign
some reasons which have occurred to me as
standing in the way of a vote favorable to this
project; and if I am wrong in the facts as I
understand them I shall be very glad to be set
right. I fear, Mr. President, that I shall not
find correction of any errors into which I have
fallen in the speech just delivered by the dis-
tinguished Senator from Maryland, [Mr. John-
son ;] for he discussed this question upon con-
siderations which, if I understand it at all,
have very little pertinency to the measure itself.
One, in listening to him, would suppose that
upon the success or failure of this measure
depended the construction of a continuous line
of road from the valley of the Mississippi to
the Pacific ocean; and he discusses it as if
speaking in ignorance of the fact that a rail-
road, the main trunk, as it is called, has not
only been projected, but is actually constructed
and actually in piocess of operation at a point
far beyond the western terminus of this road.
I shall discuss this bill, Mr. President, as a
measure which, as I comprehend it, proposes,
in effect, to donate $2,400,000 in Government
bonds, and to donate, also, one million nine
hundred and twenty thousand acres of land, for
the construction of a road which, as I under-
stand, would not even contribute incidentally
or locally in the end to the multiplication of
branches or mouths connecting with this grand
trunk extending from the valley of the Missis-
sippi to the western ocean. In form the bill
provides that nothing contained in another act
to which reference is made shall be construed
to deprive these parties of their right to do a
certain thing. That is a form of legislation,
legislating by reference to some other bill,
which I think has become unfortunately usual,
perniciously common, in the practice of Con-
gress.
But, Mr. President, it was no accident which
brought it here, and it is no matter of form
that that phraseology has been fixed upon. On
the contrary, those who will look at this sub-
ject will find that if the proposition were stated
directly that these claimants should be per-
mitted to construct a road from the western
terminus of their present road to the one hun-
dredth meridian, and should have alternate
sections of land on either side of that road,
such an act would encounter an intervening
statute, a statute which has already operated
to dispose of these identical lands. I infer,
therefore—and if I am wrong I beg to be set
right by the advocates of.the bill—that the pur-
pose isto pass a retrospective act, an act which by
relation back to an anterior statute and giving
construction and effect to it will withdraw large
quantities of land which have already by opera-
tion of law inured to the St. Joseph and Denver
Railroad Company, and bring them back to the
claimants here by an operation, if I may so
say, nunc pro tunc. I ask the distinguished
Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pomekoy] whether
I am not right in supposing that the desigu of
this phraseology is to go back and construe the
statute to which I have referred so as to oust
that company whose road is already built from
St. Joseph out to Troy, or somewhere beyond,
of the rights which had descended to it under
the existing legislation of Congress ?
Mr. POMEKOY. Does the Senator want
an answer now?
Mr. CONKLING. I should be very glad
to know whether I am right or wrong in that
statement, as I venture on this matter with
great diffidence certainly as compared with the
Senator.
Mr. POMEROY. The particular phrase-
ology of this bill I understood to have been
drawn so as to convey what is clearly in the
mind of those who advocate the bill the law
now. It is to continue in force the existing law,
which is that this company, which had the right
in a certain contingency to a connection with
the Union Pacific road on the one hundredth
meridian or west of that, shall not be deprived
of that right by the legislation of I860. It is to
continue in force precisely as what they regard
as the law now. The St. Joseph and Denver
Cjty railroad grant was a subsequent grant to
that; and if this grant should bo abandoned that
would atlach, but not until the rights conveyed
to this company have been abandoned—I
mean to say if this company abandon their
grant, then the rights of the other company
would attach, not till then.
Mr. CONKLING. So that, Mr. President,
I am right in my statement, except that the
Senator, espousing the view which I reject,
that under the law as it stands now these
claimants have rights, uses the word "aban-
don' ' as specifying the time and the event in
which the St. Joseph and Denver City Com-
pany shall acquire absolute title to these lands.
1 think I shall be able to show the Senate
that the time has come and passed already
which fixed, and fixed irrevocably, the rights of
the St. Joseph and Denver City Company to
these identical lands unless by legislation re-
lating back those rights can be denied now, the
change to take effect as of a previous time.
The first question, then, Mr. President, is
whether these claimants have by law a right to
subsidies and to land from the western terminus
of their present one hundred miles of road to
the one hundredth meridian. It seems a little
extraordinary in one aspect to discuss that
question in this forum. If, as is argued, they
have that right, the courts are open. The Sec-
retary of the Interior, we are told, holds that
they have no such right by law. The distin-
guished Senator from Maryland, expressing his
own opinion, and citing what he deems distin-
guished living authority, affirms that they have
by law, and he says that they clearly have by
law a right to what is sought here. If that be
so will any Senator state to me the difficulty
in compelling by familiar process the delivery
of the bonds ? If the Secretary of the Interior
has fallen into an error, what more simple
than to go to the appropriate judicial tribunal
and by a writ of mandamus set him right in
his law and compel him to make delivery?
But the question is brought here, and let us see
what it is and how it is.
The Atchison and Pike's Peak Railroad
Company was chartered by the State of Kan-
sas. That company is now called the Pacific
railroad, central branch, and the claim which
they set up here is as assignees of the Hanni-
bal and St. Joseph Railroad Company; and
the rights which they have, be they more or
les3, were granted, not to them, but to the
Hannibal and St. Joseph Railroad Company.
The rights in question were conveyed to that
company by section thirteen of the act of 1862,
and I beg to call attention to that section:
"That the Hannibal and St. Joseph Bailroad
Company, of Missouri, may extend its roads from
St. Joseph, via Atchison, to connect and unite
with the road through Kansas upon filing its assent
to the provisions of this act, upon the same terms
and conditions, in all resp'eets, for one hundred miles
in length next to the Missouri river, as are-provided
in this act for the construction of the railroad and
telegraph line first mentioned, and may, for tliis pur-
pose, use any railroad charter which has been or may
be granted by the Legislature of Kansas: Provided,
That if actual survey shall render it desirable the
said company may construct their road, with the
consentof the Kansas Legislature, on the most direct
and practicable route west from St. Joseph, Mis-
souri, so as to connect and unite with the road lead-
ing from the western boundary of Iowa at any point
east of the one hundredth meridian of west longi-
tude or with tho main trunk road at said point; but
in no event shall lands or bonds be given to said com-
pany, as herein directed, to aid in the construciion
of their said road lor a greater distance than one
hundred miles."
From tins section it will be perceived that
certain specific things were granted to this
company—the right to choose its own route, to
choose its western terminus, the right to have
of lands and of bonds as many as should be re-
quired by constructing a road one hundred miles
in length, but in no event were they to have
more than that.
Now, what is the first answer to this claim?
That, confessedly, they have received every-
thing conferred by this section ; they have re-
ceived to that point beyond which the declara-
tion is expressly made that they should receive
nothing whatever. What have they received?
For every mile of road which they have built
twelve thousand eight hundred acres of land,
making in all one million 'two hundred and
eighty thousand acres, and they have "received
in bonds $1,000,000.
Mr. POMEROY'. The Senator means to be
correct, I know.
Mr. CONKLING. I do.
Mr. POMEROY. He means to state, I sup-
pose, that the company will be entitled to so
much land if it can be had. The facts are that
their road went through a settled portion of the
country, and they did not get the lands. The
law would entitle them to that quantity of land
if the lands had been there and had not been
occupied by settlers.
Mr. CONKLING. But, being occupied by
settlers, they got other lands in lieu of them.
Mr. POMEROY". No; they do not get other
lands, because there are none to be had within
the limits of the grant. For the first one hun-
dred miles of road they cannot get lands within
the limit prescribed by law.
Mr. CONKLING. To what extent of road
does that remark apply?
Mr. POMEROY. To the first hundred
miles.
Mr. CONKLING. In respect to what por-
tion of the road ?
Mr. POMEROY. They cannot get lands
within the limit fixed by the law because they
are occupied. They would be entitled, if the
lands were not occupied, to one million two
hundred and eighty thousand acres, as the
Senator says.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg the Senator to in-
form me what portion of the number of sec-
tions granted for the first one hundred miles
the company have not been able to get. What
is the deficit?
Mr. POMEROY. They have not been able
to get three hundred thousand acres, all told,
of Government land.
_ Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator from
Kansas mean to inform us that under the law
as it stands now, and under the withdrawals
which have occurred, these claimants have re-
]| ceived of lands for the one hundred miles of
j, road which they have constructed not three
H hundred thousand acres?
!j Mr. POMEROY. That is what I mean
jj exactly.
|; Mr. CONKLING. And nothing in lieu of
it?
Mr. POMEROY, And nothing in lieu of ifc.
Mr. CONKLING. That is a statement which
takes me very much by surprise; and for the
