1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2915
free from abatements and frauds, who has told
roe many times he knew of no business which
would pay him so well as to collect the pres-
ent amount of taxes for $2,000 net; and that
$2,500 for the work and furnishing the bond
was liberal. Yet he has been receiving from
six to seven thousand dollars net. The gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Ixgeksoll] may
think there is no one in his State who will
work so cheap. But he will recollect the
longest and loudest howl over the cost of col-
lecting taxes came from his own section—from
the convention of western manufacturers—and
I doubt if even his constituents, when they
are selling their grain next winter for half
what they are now getting, will thank him for
peeling them by taxation to pay extravagant
compensation to tax-gatherers.
What do we see as a consequence of paying
so much more to those officers than any other
business in their community will pay? When
there is a vacancy fifteen or twenty candidates
will start up for the office, beseeching their Rep-
resentatives to aid them. They will come here
bringing their influential friends with them;
they settle down like a cloud over the White
House and the Treasury Department, and
when passed there, throng the corridors of
the Senate besieging Senators, and I hope that
is the worst of it. They spend from a thousand
dollars to a year's salary to get the office,
spreading demoralization at every step. After
spending so much to get an office, the man is
a marvel who will not sell himself to retain
it, and get back in someway what it cost him.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. This is a matter pecu-
liarly for the judgment of Congress; and we
of the Committee of Ways and Means are per-
fectly willing to submit to Congress the ques-
tion as to what the compensation of these
officers shall be ; we have no feeling whatever
about the matter.
In this section the Committee of Ways and
Means have merely incorporated the provis-
ions of the present law; those provisions have
been continued, so far as the compensation of
collectors is concerned. What is that com-
pensation? It starts with $1,500 as a basis.
Then three per cent, is allowed on the first
$100,000, making $3,000 more; then one per
cent, on the next $300,000, making $3,000
more; then one half of one per cent, on all
over that amount up to $1,000,000, making
$3,000 more. So that the compensation of a
collector who collects $1,000,000—which is
considerable more than the ordinary average—
is $10,500.
Now, if that were merely the salary of an
officer it would be a very large salary indeed.
But what has he to do for this ? He is charged
with every dollar of the tax assessed; he is
charged with every stamp that goes out. An
account is opened with him at the Treasury,
and he must either show that all the tax
assessed has been collected, or he must account
for that which he has not collected before a
settlement is had with him and he is allowed
his compensation.
And how does lie collect the tax? He em-
ploys his deputies and pays them himself.
He has no office-rent and noclerk hireallowed
him. He takes this heavy responsibility, this
contract, as it may be called. He stands
charged with all this money of the Govern-
ment, the amount to be obtained from the
taxes within his district. And he renders an
account of the transaction at his own risk.
This, therefore, is not really in the nature
of a salary. In one sense it is rather payment
under a contract. Although the compensa-
tion appears to be large, gentlemen must
remember that, being in the nature of a con-
trlct, it is in effect an agreement entered into
between him and the Government, the terms
of the contract being that if he will undertake
ths collection of taxes at his own risk, at his
oV/ti expense employing and paying his own
agents to assist him, the Government will
allow him a certain commission on the amount
collected. That commission will amount to
much according to liis faithfulness; or it will
amount to very little if he collects but little.
Thus far this plan has worked very well. It
is true, however, as the gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Ela] says, that when one of
these offices become vacant there is a swarm
of candidates for the place, who pester the
Representative in Congress from that district,
if he happens to be on "the right side," and
has any influence; or if such is not the case
they pass him by and go to the White House
to operate by themselves or through their
friends.
But what office is there about which this
cannot be said? Is there any office so con-
temptible, so small, that the same general
remark cannotbemade in regardtoit? I think
that is no proof of the enormous amount paid
to these collectors. When we see almost the
same sort of desire manifested to get posses-
sion of the most petty office in the country, we
may conclude that there is something else at
the bottom than the very great lucrativeness
of the office itself.
Looking to the amount actually paid to the
collector and that for which it is to be paid to
him, which are really the only elements that
ought to enter into our consideration, this is,
as I have before explained, an engagement
made with the officer by the Government that
for a certain commission—a liberal one—he
shall, at his own risk, by his own agents, at
his own expense, (no expenses being allowed
him, I believe, except his postage and station-
ery,) collect the money of the Government.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman
yield to me?
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield to the gentleman
whatever time I have remaining.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Chairman, if I
remember rightly the statement made by the
chairman of the committee [Mr. Schenck] in
his argument on presenting this bill, he said
that the committee anticipated 
[Ilere the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] has expired.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask the gentleman
from New Hampshire [Mr. Ela] to withdraw
his amendment that I may renew it.
Mr. ELA. With that understanding I with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I renew the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New Hampshire.
Mr. Chairman, we have been informed by
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means that, according to the anticipation of
the committee, the revenues next'year, should
this bill go into operation, will be $65,000,000
less than they have been during the last year.
Consequently the pay of the collectors will be
correspondingly reduced, for the major part
of their compensation dependsupon the amount
of collections that they make, they receiving
a percentage upon all the money collected in
excess of a certain amount. This matter ought
to be taken into consideration in connection
with any legislation by which we may fix the
salaries of these officers.
Now, sir, in view of the fact that the rev-
enues to be collected during the coming year
are expected to be decreased $65,000,000 un-
der this bill, in consequence of the reduction
in taxation, it strikes me it would be but fair
and just toward the collectors of internal rev-
enue throughout the entire country that the
same provision already adopted with reference
to assessors should be extended so as to em-
brace collectors. By the provisions of this
bill assessors, receiving almost as much pay as
collectors, though having much less responsi-
bility, are allowed the amount of their office
rent. There is at present no such allowance
to collectors, in the district, for instance, of
my colleague from Chicago [Mr. Juno] the
collector must pay $1,000 or $1,500 for office
rent; and the case is similar in any city of
large size. If the collector desires to avoid this
expense he must hire a cheap office in some
out-of-the-way place, much to the inconven-
ience of the tax-payer. I believe it would be
better for the interests both of the tax-payer
and of the Government to allow office rent to
collectors as well as to assessors.
Whenever it shaU be in order I shall offer
an amendment, (which I believe would not he
in order as an amendment to the amendment
now pending,) to add after the word "another,"
in line twenty-one, the following :
Each collector shall be allowed and paid the suras
actually and necessarily expended bv him. with the
approval of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
for office rent; but no account of such rent shall be
allowed or paid until it shall have been verified in
such manner as the Commissioner shall require, and
shall have been audited and approved by the proper
officers of the Treasury Department.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Ela, it was not agreed to.
Mr. ELA. I move a further amendment—
to strike out in the fifth line of this section the
word "three" and insert "two;" so that the
section will read:
That there shall be allowed to collectors, in full
compensation for their services and thatof their dep-
uties, a salary of $1,500 per annum, to be paid quar-
terly, and, m addition thereto, a commission ot two
per cent, upon the first $100,000, &c.
Mr. Chairman, under this section the col-
lector in any district where the compensation
is based upon $1,000,000 will receive as his net
proceeds not less than five or six thousand dol-
lars per annum clear. Under the former prac-
tice the collector received, as I believe he still
does, in addition to his salary and commissions,
a percentage upon the stamps sold by him.
It is no part of his duty to sell stamps. In
addition to that, for traveling and doing other
business, he gets fees, which are an additional
compensation over and above what he gets
through these other processes.
Now, Mr. Chairman, that being the case in
every district where the collector shall collect
$1,000,000, his pay cannot fall below $5,000,
and the probability is it will run up to $6,000,
a sum altogether beyond what these men can
get, or ever did get, in any business they ever
followed.
I hope the amendment will be adopted.
The question was taken on Mr. Ela's amend-
ment, and it was rejected.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move the following
amendment to the section:
Add as follows:
Each collector shall be allowed and paid the sums
actually and necessarily expended by him, with ths
approval of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
for office rent, but no account of such rent shall bo
allowed or paid untilit shall have been verified in
such manner as the Commissioner shall require, and
shall have been audited and approved by the proper
officers of the Treasury Department.
The amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read the next section, as follows :
Sec. .16. And be it further ennctcd, That when any
part of the compensation of the assessor or collector
of any district shall be by commissions upon assess-
ments or collections, and shall, in consequence of a
new appointment, be due to more than one assessor
or collector within the same year, such commissions
shall be apportioned between such assessors or col-
lectors; but in no ease shall a greater amount of
commissions be allowed than is or may be author-
ized by law to be allowed to one assessor or collector
of that district. And the salary and commissions of
assessors andcolleetorsheretoforeearnedand accrued
shall be adjusted, allowed, and paid in conformity
to the provisions of this section, and not otherwise ;
but no payment shall be made to assessors or col-
lectors on account of salaries or commissions, with-
out the certificate of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue that all reports required by law or regula-
tion have been received, or that a satisfactory
explanation has been rendered to him of the causo
oi delay.
Mr. KOONTZ. I move to insert in line
seven after the word "collectors" the words,
"in proportion to the amount assessed or col-
lected by each respectively."
This section, it is true, Mr. Chairman, pro-
vides that the commission shall be apportioned
between the assessor and the collector, but it
does not provide the method by which such
apportionment shail be made. It leaves it in
the breast of the Secretary of the Treasury to
determine in what manner this fund shall be
distributed. He may do it pro rata according
to the amount of each, or according to the
labor each one may have performed, or accord-
ing to any arbitrary rule he may set up. These
