2916
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Julie 6,
assessors will be left to his mercy to dispose
of what they are justly entitled to. I think the
fair method of dividing between these men
•would be according to the amount collected
by each.
Mr. SCHENCK. There has been no prac-
tical difficulty in the working of this rule. It
is expressed exactly in the language of the
present law, and there would be a very great
objection to adopting the rule proposed by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Koontz.]
Suppose a collector is appointed after the 1st
of March, when the general returns are made,
and he proceeds to collcct the tax. After
remaining in office some month or two ho takes
the cream off and leaves all the rest to his suc-
cessor. It would be a very unequal division.
The amendment of Mr. Koontz was dis-
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec."37. And be it further enacted, That each col-
lector, on receiving from time to time any list from
the assessor of his district, shall subscribe three
receipts therefor, one of which receipts shall be in-
dorsed upon a full and correct copy of such list, and
be delivered by him to the assessor, to be preserved
in his office, and shall be open to the inspection of
any person who may apply to inspect the same, and
the other two shall be made upon aggregate state-
ments of the lists aforesaid,' exhibiting the gross
amount of taxes to be collected in his district, one of
which aggregate statements and receipts shall be
transmitted to the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, and the other to the First Comptroller of the
Treasury.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk
read as follows:
Sue. 38. And be it further enacted, That every col-
lector shall, within twenty days after receiving the
annual list of taxes from the assessor, give notice, by
advertisement in one newspaper published in each
county in his district, if there be any, and if not,
then in a newspaper published in an adjoining county,
and by notices to be posted in at least four public
places in each county in his district, that the said
taxes have become due and payable, and state the
time and places within said county at which he or
his deputy will attend to receive the same, which
time shall not be less than ten days after the date
of such notice, and shall send a copy of the notiec by
mail to each postmaster in the county, to be posted
in his office. And if any person shall neglect to pay,
as aforesaid, for more than ten days, it shall be the
duty of the collector or his deputy to issue to such
person a notice, to be left at his dwelling or usual
place of business, or sent by mail, demanding the
payment of his taxes, stating the amount thereof,
with a fee of twenty cents for the issuing and service
of such notice, and with four cents lor each mile
actually and necessarily traveled in serving the same.
And it shall be the duty of the collectorin person, or
by deputy, to give notice and demand payment, in
the manner last mentioned, of all taxes not included
in the^ annual lists aforesaid, and of all taxes the
collection of which is not otherwise provided for,
within ten days from and after receiving the lists
theicoffiom the assessor, or within twenty days from
and after the expiration of the time within which
such taxes should have been paid. If the annual or
other taxes shall not bo paid within ten days after
such notico and demand, the collector or his deputy
shall proceed to collcct, the said taxes and fee of
twenty cents and mileage, with a penalty of five per
cent, and interest at the rate of one per cent, per
month on said taxes from the time the same may
become due, but no interest for any fractional month
shall be demanded; which collection may be made
bv distraint and sale of the goods, chattels, and
effects, including stocks, securities, and evidences of
debt of the person delinquent as aforesaid. And if
any person liable to the payment of any tax shall
neglect or refuse to pay the same after demand as
aforesaid, the amount of such tax, together with tho
interest, penalties, and accruing costs, shall be a
lien in favor of the United States from the time such
tax was duo until it is paid, upon all property real
and personal belonging to such person. All persons
and all officers of companies or corporations shall,
on demand of a collector or deputy collector about
to distrain, or having made distraint of auy property
for the payment of taxes, exhibit all books contain-
ing evidence or statements relating to any subject
of distraint or property liable to distraint for the tax
due as aforesaid.
Mr. WOOD. I move to amend by inserting
after the word " aforesaid," in line thirty-nine,
the words, ;iand after due public notice." If
I understand this section correctly it gives the
General Government a lien on the real estate
of any delinquent taxpayer. After due notice
is given by the collector, and after a certain
time has elapsed if the tax-payer does not pay
his real and personal property is liable to seiz-
ure and the claim of the Government becomes
a lien.
Now, we will suppose that A is in Europe,
and without his knowledge he has been assessed,
through ignorance it may be, or perhaps will-
fully, with the intention to injure the absentee.
He is returned to the collector by the assessor
as having been assessed so much. Being
absent from the country he is uninformed of
the fact, and in his absence his real estate
within the district becomes incumbered to the
Government. A Government lien is pat upon
it, and the owner has no means of remedying
the difficulty.
Or, on the other hand, suppose he willfully
neglects to pay his tax and B comes into the
market to purchase his real estate. He insti-
tutes the necessary investigation as to title,
and makes the ordinary searches in the ordi-
nary offices by which to ascertain what, if any,
incumbrances rest upon that real estate. He
bays it. He accepts the title. He finds noth-
ing against it in the United States court
because there is no provision here that a record
shall be made of that fact. He subsequently
discovers that Uncle Sam has a lien upon his
real estate in pursuance of this section. There-
fore I offer the amendment that it shall not be
operative so far as the real estate is concerned
until due public notice has been given. I think
the chairman of the committee will see the
propriety of accepting the amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I think if thegentleman
had read carefully the previous provisions of
the section he would not have thought it neces-
sary to offer that amendment. The very line
in which he proposes to insert his amendment
says, "after demand as aforesaid;1' and the
"aforesaid" provision referred to in the six-
teenth aud seventeenth lines declares that a
notice shall be served, telling how it shall be
served, and how many days shall elapse, which
notice isa demand of the payment. The whole
subject of demand is very fully exhibited in the
section, and if you require a still further notice
after that notice of demand before he can pro-
ceed, we may put off for a very long period the
collection of this tax.
Mr. WOOD. My amendment requires due
public notice.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 30. And be it farther enacted, That whenever a
collector shall have on any list duly returned to him
the name of any person not residing within his dis-
trict who is liable to tax, or of any person so liable
to tax, who, residing in said district, shall not have
sufficient property therein subject to seizure or dis-
traint from which the money due for such tax can be
collected, such collector shall certify and transmit a
copy or statement containing the name of the person
liable to such tax, with the amount and nature
thereof, to the collector of any district to which said
port-on shall have removed, or in which he shall have
property, real or personal, liable to he seized and
sold for tax, and the collector of the district to whom
the buid certified copy or statement shall be trans-
mitted shall proceed to collect tho said tax in the
same way as if the name of the person and objects
of tax contained in the said certified copy or state-
ment were on a list furnished to him by the assessor
of his own collection district; and tho said collector,
upon receiving said certified copy or statement as
aforesaid, shall transmit his receipt for it to the col-
lector sending the same to him.
No amendments were offered, and the Clerk
read the next section, as follows :
Sec. i0. And be it further enacted, That if any col-
lector shall find, upon any list of taxes returned to
him for collection, property within his district which
is charged with any specific or ad valorem tax, but
which is not owned, occupied, or superintended by
some person known to such collector to reside or to
have some place of business within the United
States, and upon which the tax has not been paid
within tho time required by law, such collector shall
forthwith take such property into his custody, and
shall advertise the same, and the taxes charged
thereon, in some newspaper published in his district,
if any bepublishud therein; otherwiseinsomenews-
papcr in an adjoining district for the space of thirty
dajs; andif the taxes thereon, with all charges for
advertising, shall not bo paid within said thirty days,
such collector shall proceed to sell the same, or so
much as is necessary, in the manner provided for the
sale of other property distrained for the non-pay-
ment of taxes, and out of the proceeds shall satisfy
all taxes charged upon such property, with the costs
of advertising and selling the same. And like pro-
ceedings to those provided in the prcccding section
for the purchase and resaleof property which cannot
be sold for the amount of tax due thereon shall be
hnd with regard to property sold under the pro-
visions of this section. And any surplus arising from
any sale herein provided for shall be paid into the
Treasury, for thebenefit of theownerof the property, j
And the Secretary of tho Treasury is authorized, in '
any easowheremouey shall be paid into the Treasury
for the benefit of any owner of property sold as afore-
said, to repay the same, on proper proof being fur-
nished that tho person applying thereforis entitled
to receive the same.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means the following amend-
ment:
Page 45, section forty, lines nineteen and twenty,
strike out the words 44 in the preceding section."
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendments being offered, the
neat section was read, as follows:
' Skc. 41. And be it further enacted, That the gross
amount of all taxes, and of all moneys for passports
penalties, forfeitures, fees, or costs, received or col-
lected, shall he paid, by the collectors and other offi-
cers receiving or collecting the same, daily into the
Treasury of the United States, under the instruc-
tions of tho Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
approved by the Secretary of the Treasury, without
any abatement or deduction on account of salary;
compensation, fees, costs, charges, expenses, orciairas
of any description whatever; and a certificate of
such payment, stating the name of tho depositor and
tho specific account on which the deposit was made,
signed by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer,
designated depositary, or proper officer of a deposit
bank, shall be deemed, evidence of a compliance with
this provision; but in any district where, from the
distance of thecollector or other officer from a proper
Government depositary, such depositing would be
inconvenient, the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue, with the approval of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, may extend the time for making such payment,
not exceeding, however, iu any case, a period of one
month. The certificate of the Treasurer or an Assist-
ant Treasurer, designated depositary, or proper offi-
cer of ajdeposit bank, given for any such payment,
shall be in duplicate, one copy of the same to be
retained by the depositor, and the other transmitted
to theCotnmissionerof Internal Revenue. And every
collector or other officer shall, at the end of each
month, render a true and faithful account in tripli-
cate of all public moneys by him received and paid
into the Treasury of the United States, one of which
accounts he shall transmit to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, one to the Fifth Auditor of the
Treasury, and retain one in his office. With the
account transmitted to the Fifth Auditor he shall
furnish proper vouchers to sustain the same; and
the fifth Auditor, after examination and settlement
of sajd account, shall report the same with the vouch-
ers to the first Comptroller for his decision thereon.
It shall be the duty of such collectors of internal
revenueasmay bedesignated by the Secretary of tho
Treasury to act as disbursing agents of the Treasury
for the payment of all expenses of assessment aud
collection of taxes, and other expenditures for the
internal revenue service, within their respective
districts, under regulations and instructions from the
Secretary of the Treasury, and on giving good and
sufficient bond for the faithful performance of their
duties as such disbursing agents, which bond shall
be in such form and conditioned in such penal sum
as shall be prescribed and approved by the First
Comptroller of the Treasury; butno additional com-
pensation shall be paid to collectors lorsuch services,
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer the following
amendment from the Committee of Ways and
Means:
Page 46, section forty-one, line four, strike out the
word " paid," and insert in lieu thereof the word
*' deposited."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I also move, in line ten,
to strike out the word " payment" and insert
u deposit."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am also instructed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to offer the
following amendment:
Page 47, section forty-one, strike out from and
including line twenty down to and including tho
word "same" on line thirty-three, as follows:
Payment, not exceeding, however, in any ease,
one month. The certificate of the Treasurer or
an Assistant Treasurer, designated depositary, or
proper officer of a deposit bunk, given for any suoh
payment, shall be in duplicate, one copy of the same
to be retained by the depositor, and the other trans-
mitted to tho Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
And every collector or other officer shall, at the end
of each month, render a true and faithful account in
triplicate of all public moneys by hiui received and
p.ud into the Treasury of the United States, one of
which accounts he shall transmit to the Commis-
sioncrol Internal Revenue, one to the Fifth Auditor
of the Treasury, and retain one in bis office. With
the account transmitted to the Fifth Auditor heshall
furnish proper vouchers to sustain the same.
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
Deposit, not exceeding, however, in any case, a
period of unemonth. The certificateof tho Treasurer
or an Assistant Treasurer, ordesignated depositary,
given for any such deposit, shall be in triplicate, one
tube retained bythe depositor,one to be transmitted
to the Secretary of the Treasuiy, and the other to
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue. And every
collector or other officer, shall, at the end of each
month, render a true and faithful account in tripli-
cate of all public moneys by him received and
deposited as aforesaid, one~ of which accounts he
