1892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
I
that those claimants have any suoli right as is
to be conferred by this bill. Neither Judge
Curtis nor any oilier man who has put his hand
to paper and whose opinion or argument I have
seen undertakes to affirm that the Central
Bianch Pacific ra'lroad has a right, under ex-
isting law, to subsidies from the western ter-
minus of its present hundred miles to the one
hundredth meridian ; and I undertake to say
that no man who regards his reputation as a
lawyer will write any argument to show that.
I will endeavor, when I come to it, to show
what Judge Curtis does express an opinion
about, if an opinion it is to be called; and I
affirm now that he does not express that opin-
ion, nor say in his argument that he believes
any such thing to be the law.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will read
the residue of that section he will lind what it
is that this company claims under. It does
not claim undue that portion of the section
which he read. It makes its claim under the
last part of the section, and not under tiiat
portion which he read.
Mr. CONKLING. In order to cover my
blunder, if I have made one, I beg to turn to a
pamphlet which has been put in my hands,
composed by the legal adviser of these claim-
ants, presented as u brief to convince me of
the merits of this claim and the propriety of
voting for it; and I lind on page four of the
pamphlet this statement:
''But the word ' default' is used in this section not
in its striclestsense. hut simply (as it often is) in the
sense of omission. The word 'default' itself is not
used. The words 'said defaulting company' occur
several times."
"But the word 'defaulting' is here qualified by
the word 'said,' and tile said default referred to is
the omission of the eastern division to build ' its said
road' within the time required; that is, the road
'authorized as aforesaid, and forming, or intended
or necessary to form, a not tion of a continuous line
from each of the several points on the Missouri river
hereinbefore designated to the Pacific coast.' "
Referring to the identical section and the
identical part of the section, and reciting the
very words which I have read, and this coun-
sel for the claimants felt that there was where
the shoe pinched and that this argument
hinged, as the honorable Senator from Mary-
land considered that it hinged, upon the por-
tion of the section to which I have called
attention. If we have been misled by this and
by the opinion, as it is called, of Judge Curtis,
and by the various other papers which are be-
fore me calling attention to the right which
accrued under this alleged default, it is $n error
to be charged to somebody older in this case
fiian I am. I take it as I iind it, and 1 look at
it, satisfied that the section did not mean, as I
shall take no section lo mean, using the word
"default,'' omission to do a thing which the
law said a man need not do : but as meaning
rather an omission to do a thing which some j
law said he must do. j
I had the curiosity (o look at Bouvier's Law j
Dictionary to see his definition of "default," i
and I find it to be '!tho neglect to perform a j
legal obligation or duty." It. is to rebut the i
idea of such a definition, to argue away that I
meaning of the section, that these brief's have j
been presented; and I think the Senator from i
Kansas can hardly say that I am mistaken in ;
supposing that stress is put upon it, and that j
the rights are claimed there if they are claimed i
anywhere. But now I shall be very glad if he
will tell me under what part of this statute the j
rights do arise, if they do not arise here? i
Mr. P0ME110Y. The Senator read very
correctly until he came to the very sentence
where these rights attached and then stopped.
J ow, I will read it, beginning where he left
off:
"And in case any company authorized thereto shall
not enter into such consolidated organization'*—
Which applies to this company—
"such company, upon the completion of its road as
hereinbefore provided"—
That is, the one hundred miles—
"shall be entitled to, and is hereby authorized to
continue and extend the same, under tile circum-
stances, and in accordance with the provisions of this
section, and to have all the benefits thereof, as fullv
and completely as are heroin provided touching such
consolidated organization."
That is the part of the section, nothing more,
and nothing less. The Senator read until he
came to that, and then omitted it, and spoke
upon the previous portion of the section under
which this company do not claim.
Mr. CONKLING-. Mr. President, am I to
understand now from the Senator that the
allegation is, under this act, that they can go
on and construct the road unless there has
been the default previously specified? The
Senator, without meaning to do it intentionally,
stated that I read until I came to that sentence,
and that there, apparently by a queer coinci-
dence, I slopped. Now, I ask him to answer,
if he will, exactly the question whether he or
the claimants here intend to put themselves
upon the idea that under the language he has
read they can go on and construct a continua-
tion of a road unless, as a prerequisite, the
company to which that continuation was origin-
ally allotted is in default in regard to its con-
struction ?
Mr. POMEROY. What is^ claimed, as I
understand it, is precisely this: this section
provides that certain companies may consoli-
date ; but if they fail to consolidate, or do not
choose to consolidate, any company that has
completed its road as far as if was authorized
under the law, and finds upon that completion
no company there to connect with, may have
the right to go on to the connection provided
for, the one hundredth meridian. That is
precisely the meaning of that section, as I un-
derstand it.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, Mr. President, take
it the other way: shall I bo right if I suppose
that it is an immaterial i'aot in this case that
the Leavenworth, Pawnee, and Western road
is in default, as they say? Shall I lay that out
of the ease?
Mr. POMEROY. It is immaterial to this
question.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us be sure that we
understand each other. The Senator now
says, if I comprehend him, that the fact that
the eastern division, as it is called now, went
clown the Smoky Hill fork in place of up the
Republican fork is an immaterial fact bearing
upon this question which v. e are now discuss-
ing.
Mr. POMEROY. That was not the point
o,l all. It is immaterial to this question whether
they have defaulted or failed to make the con-
nection. They are not there at the point. They
may have been relieved by law; they may have
been relieved by subsequent legislation. The
only fact I want" to establish is that they are
not there at the point named in the law.
Mr. HOWARD rose.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish the Senator from
Michigan would allow me one moment to
understand tlie Senator from Kansas. 1 want
to be sure before we leave this point that we
do understand it alike. I beg now to inquire
of the Senator from Kansas whether the claim-
ants do or do not base the rights which they
say they have now by law upon the fact that
this easiern division has omitted or failed or
defaulted, or whatever word you please to use?
Mr. POMEROY.. Yes, sir: they claim that
if the eastern division had built according to
the law they would have had no claim ; but,
they not building there, their rights inure,
under the act of 1S01, to a continuous line.
Mr. CONKLING. Then they inure under
these provisions saying what shall happen in
case of default, do they not?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I was precisely
right in the first place, just as T supposed, and
as everybody argued.
Mr. 110 WARD. Will the Senator from New
York allow me one moment?
Mr. CONKLING. With great pleasure.
Mr. HOWARD. As I understand it. the
ground upon which the claimants rest their
claim is this: that in consequence of the action
of Congress in 1866, in passing the-law author-
izing the divergence up the Smokv Hill Fork,
the present company have lost their right to
form a connection with the eastern dhision on
its route to the one hundredth meridian, thus
losing a very important privilege which had
been assured to tliem by the legislation of Con-
gress. It is quite immaterial in what way this
loss has accrued, whet her by the action of Con-
gress or by the default of the company. It is
the loss of a valuable right to form the con-
nection which is the ground of the present
claim.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, the Sena-
tor from Michigan anticipates a little the line
of argument which I intended to make. I per-
ceive the force of his suggestion, and I mean
to treat it with all the candor which I think ia
due to it; but it belongs to a subsequent point
in this consideration. The Senator from Michi-
gan will have observed (because I know how
critically he does observe legal questions) that
1 was discussing for a moment the simple point
whether, upon the law as it stands now, the
Secretary of the Interior was right or wrong
in denying the claim of these parties. Now,
the Senator from Michigan says they claim
that no matter whether there was a default or
not, in other words, no matter whether they
are entitled now by law or not, there is a case
of hardship made out to which Congress ought
to listen. That I will come to ; but it is en-
tirely foreign to this point.
To turn back to the remark of the Senator
from Kansas, from which I deviated, we have
now at last his admission, frankly made, that
the whole right claimed now by existing law
arises from the fact that the eastern division
of the Pacific railroad were, as these parties
allege, and are in default as to the construc-
tion of their road from a certain point. There-
fore I was not wrong, but I was right, in dis-
cussing as I had done the portion of the
statute upon which that question aiises.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator means that
they failed to build on the line originally
marked out he may use the word " default."
If he means a failure to build on that particular
line in that sense it is a default.
Mr. CONKLING. I know the Senator from
Kansas too well to suppose that he is trying to
"darken counsel with words." lie knows all
about this subject well enough to under.-tand
that there is no mistake whatever about the
point between us. I am arguing that by the
law as it stands now these parties have no
right to these bonds. The claimants, howevei—
I will not say the Senator—the claimants and
their counsel take the ground that they have
by existing law such a right. What kind of a
right? A legal, technical right which they
would receive under existing statutes, if they
were enforced, to the bonds and lands which
arc asked here. My proposition is that if that
light exists it must be that because the com-
pany to whose bonds they seek to succeed are
in default under the provision which 1 read,
and under 116 other provision of this statute,
that any man has ever referred to whose sug-
gestions or opinions have been handed to me.
Now, I say, not to repeat sugge.-tions with
regard to the statutory question, that any Sen-
ator who will take the trouble to read even one
section of the act in question will see, I think,
that it provides for a case so wholly different
from this that it is fruitless to discuss it. The
meaning of the words "default" and "default-
ing company" is one which we are not driven
to seek at large. Construction is given to thera
over and over again by the various alternatives
provided for in the section. Therefore, for
myself, I am compelled, and I do it with great
deference, to reject the idea that onr hand is
in the lion's muuth. If { believed it was I
could not understand why those claimants should
be here ; I could understand why they should
be in court asking a mandamus to enforce their
rights. But I do not believe they could go there
and maintain themselves, and" for the same
reason I do not believe the proposition can be
sustained in this forum that as they stand to-
day they are entitled to what this bill proposes
to confer,
