506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
JAMES M. LATTA.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee of Claims,
also reported back the joint resolution (H. It.
No. '>2> for the relief of James M. Latta, with
a recommendation that the committee be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and
that it be laid on the table.
The recommendation of the committee was
agreed to.
joseni s. and james s. milligan.
Mr. STOKES, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back the petition of James
S. and Joseph S. Milligan, asking compensa-
tion for a public stand used by United States
troops, in the year 1832, at Camp Armistead,
in Cherokee Nation, with a recommendation
that the committee be discharged from its
further consideration, and that the same be
laid on the table.
The recommendation of the committee was
agreed to.
sale of public lands.
Mr. JULTAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to report back House
bill No. 370, to prevent the further sale of the
public lands of the United States, except as
provided for in the preemption and homestead
laws and the laws for disposing of town sites
and mineral lands, with a recommendation
that the same do pass.
This is a bill of very great magnitude, upon
■which several gentlemen here desire to be
heard. It cannot be properly discussed under
th is call, because the time allotted under our
rules is wholly insufficient. I therefore move
that it be .postponed until Tuesday, the 28th
instant, after the morning hour, and that it be •
printed. j
The motion was agreed to. j
Mr. JULIAN. I ask that the bill be made |
the special order at that time. ;
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object, j
islands in great miami kiveit. {
Mr. JULIAN, from the Committee on Public j
Lands, also reported back, with a recommend- j
ation that the same do pass, House bill No. 223,
in relation to islands in the Great Miami river.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. It authorizes ,
the Commissioner of the General Land Office j
to cause proceedings to be had necessary for ;
the entry and sale of the islands in the Great
Miami river, in the State of Ohio, with the
lands adjacent thereto, and not heretofore
entered, and that the said islands and lands
shall be subject to entry at the minimum price
of $2 50 per acre, by thepersons who have and
heretofore have had actual, notorious, and ex- j
clusivepossession thereof; andthattheheirsand ]|
assigns of such persons shall have the same
right. ThebillfurtherprovidesthattheCommis-
sioner of the General Land Office shall deter-
mine all matters necessary to carry this act
into effect, and to issue patents for the lands
herein authorized to be entered.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Julian] will explain this
bill a little.
Mr. JULJAN. The facts are these: certain
islands in the Great Miami river, in the State
of Ohio, are in the occupancy of parties who 1
have settled upon and improved them in good j
faith. They have been in part formed by the ;
action of the water and were originally deemed
to be valueless, but have been subjected to sur- j
vey and their sale has been ordered. If that ;
sale is effected as ordered it will deprive the
proprietors of their right to their bona fide \
improvements which they have made upon the \
land and by which it has been made valuable, j
This would be a great wrong which the passage {
of this bill will prevent. It simply provides ,
that the parties occupying these islands shall
have the right to buy them at the price of $2 50 ;
per acre. It recognizes their right of preemp-
tion and to buy the land at a price double the
minimum price now fixed for the public lands
of the United States.
Mr. SPALDING. Is thatprivilegerestricted
to those occupying those islands?
Mr. JLTLIAN. It is restricted to tliem or to
those who have heretofore had exclusive pos-
session. I will yield to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,] at his request, who is
conversant with all the facts.
Mr. LAVV'ItENCE, of Ohio. This bill was
introduced by myself, and it relates to islands
partly in my district and partly in the district
of my colleague, [Mr. Scuexck.] I will send
to the Clerk's desk and ask to have read a
letter from the register and receiver of the land
office at Chillicothe, Ohio, which states the
facts as to one of those islands, and they are
applicable to nearly all the islands in tlie.
Miami river.
The Clerk read as follows: j
Land Office, 1
Chillicothe, Ohio, December, 6,1867.
Sir: We have had a personal conference with
Henry H. Culbertson anil his counsel, Charles Mor-
ris, Esq., ofTroy, Miami county, Ohio, in relation to
a certain island in the Great Miami l iver, described
as lot No. 1, in section thirty-four, township live,
range six cast, forty-nine and twenty hundredths
acres: lot No. 1, in section three, township lour,
range six east, fifty-six and eight hundredths acres;
lot No. 2, in same section, thirty-seven and thirty-
four hundredths acres; and lot No. 3, in same section,
twelve and seventeen hundiedths acres—the whole
island containing one hundred and liity-four aud
seventy-nine hundredths acres.
These gentlemen refer as to character, <fcc., to Hon.
Messrs. Schexck, Shellababgbr, and Lawrence, of
the House of Representatives, and we liavo uo doubt
their statements are entitled to lull faith and credit.
We inclose herewith the sworn statement of the
said Culbertson and Morris, duly verified and attested
in legal form. From the facts set foith it appears
that the said island, in a state of nature, was of little
value, being subject to overflow by the river; that
the said occupant, Culbertson, his father, and assign-
ors, have greatly enhanced its value by various im-
provements they have mado upon it, especially by
oostly levees and embankments which reclaim it from
overflow; that he and his father (now deceased) and
their assignors have had peaceable and undisputed
possession of the said island for th© space of about
forty years.
We think it would be inequitable for the Govern-
ment to sell these improvements to a stranger or to !
compel Mr. Culbertson to buy them himself.
We therefore recommcnd that the said Henry II.
Culbertson be permitted to enter the said island
at the price of $2 50-per acre (tho fixed minimuml if j
the said course is, in your judgment, consistent with
low and with the principles of justice and equity. I
We are, sir, very respectfully, your obedientservants, !
WM. B. FRANKLIN, Register. ':
JAMES KOWE, Receiver.
Hon. Joseph S. Wilson, _ j
Commissioner General Land Office, Washington City,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would 1
like to hear the bill again read.
The bill was again read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think
that bill ought to be explained before we vote
to give away this land at S2 50 per acre.
Mr. JULIAN. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. MUNGEN. I would like to ask the
gentleman one question.
Mr. JULIAN. Very well.
Mr. MUNGEN. As I understand the exist-
ing laws of Congress and the rules of the
General Land Office, where lands on streams—
fractional parts of sections, if you please, or
anything of that kind—are supposed to have
been entered by those entering lands immedi-
ately adjoining, and afterward prove to have
been unentered, it has been the rule to require
such lands to be appraised and sold at the
appraised value. If such is the rule then this
bill is wrong, and I therefore ask the chairman
of the Committee on Public Lands whether
the committee in considering this bill have
paid attention to the fact that there is such a
requirement in the law and in the regulations
of the General Land Office. I have had some
experience in this matter along the river near
which I reside.
Mr. JULIAN. I call the previous question.
AVhcn this has been seconded I shall have no
objection to permitting discussion during the
hour to which I shall be entitled.
Mr. MUNGEN. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman one further question: What is the
meaning of the clause in the bill with regard
to 1' a&eigus ?''
Mr. JULIAN. The morning hour is about
to expire, and I call the previous question.
On seconding the previous question, there
were—ayes 30, noes 25; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under tiie rule, ordered
tellers ; and appointed Messrs. Julian and
Chanler.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 07, noes 40.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Julian] is now entitled to the floor
for one hour.
Mr. JULIAN. I yield the floor to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,] who de-
sires to answer the interrogatories which have
been made and to explain the bill.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Oliio. Mr. Speaker,
I hope I may have the attention of the House,
for 1 know tiiat if this bill be understood there
will be no objection to it. Some gentleman
here apprehend that this bill relates to large
tracts of land. In that they are greatly mis-
taken. I have now before me a list of these
islands which are now advertised to be sold.
This list, which is furnished by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, I will send
to the Clerk's desk to be read; and it will be
seen from this that these are generally small
islands of two, three, and five acres, with one
or two others of larger size.
Mr. SPALDIN G. What is the size of the
largest ?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The list will
show; they are generally small islands. I ask
the Clerk to read the list.
The Olerk read, as follows :
Islands and parts of islands in the Great Miami
river advertised to be offered at public sale on th< 
19th of January, 1867, namely :
In Township 1, of Range 5 E.
Island No. 1, in section 7, containing 8.57 acres.
In Township 1, of Range 6 E.
Island No. 1, in section 3, containing 2.00 acrcs.
Island No. 2, in section 9, containing 3.2'J acres.
Island No. 3, in section 17, containing 5.79 acres.
Island No. 4, in section 30, containing 16.21 acres.
in Township 3, of Range 6 E.
Island No. 1, in section 13, containing 1.98 aores.
In Township 4, of Range 6 E.
Island No. 1, containing 2.59 acres; island No. 2,
9.36 acres; lotl of island No. 4, 56.08 acres; lot 2 of
island No. 4, 37.34 acres, and lot 3 of island No. 4,
12.17 acres, in section 3; island No. 5, in section 11,
containing 6.03 acres, ami island No. 6, in section 25,
containing 7.01 acres.
In Township 7, of Range 6 E.
Island No. 1, in section 21, containing 3.56 acres;
island No. 2, in section 33, containing 10.55 acres.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. It will be
spen, sir, from this list furnished from the
Land Office that with one or two exceptions
these are very small islands of one, two, and
three acres each, so that they would be of no
great value to sell in the market except to the
persons already in possession of them. Some
of these islands have been occupied for a
great many years, some for forty years or more,
having been sold and transferred by deed
from lime to time. Large improvements have
been made on them. In most instances the
islands were originally of no value at all.
Some were subject to overflow, and the occu-
pants have built embankments to keep out the
water, and made them valuable. They have
been sold from time to time for a series of
years, and this bill proposes to enable the
occupants to perfect their titles. I have affi-
davits from some of the parties in possession,
showing the character of their improvements.
The lands were of no original value, and only
became valuable on being reclaimed. The
number of the islands is not great, and the
amount of land in each island is so small that
they would not produce to the Treasury any
considerable sum if sold at public auction.
But I think the usage has been in cases of
this sort, where the parties have sought to
perfect their titles, to enable them to do so at
the minimum price.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask the learned mem-
