1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2917
shall transmit to the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, one to'the Fifth Auditor of the Treasury, and
retain one in his office.
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendments being offered, the
Clerk read the next beotion, as follows:
- Sec. H. And be it farther enacted, That every col-
lector shall be charged with the whole amount of
taxes contained in annual or other lists delivered or
transmitted to him by the assessor of his own or any
other district, or by any other collector, or by his
predecessor in office, and with the additions thereto,
with the par value of all sfcampsdeposited with him,
and with all moneys collected for passports, penal-
ties, forfeitures, fees, or costs; and he shall be cred-
ited with all payments into the Treasury made as
provided by law, with the amount of all uncanceled
stamps returned by him, and for which he shall pro-
duce the receipt of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, and with the amount of taxes contained
in the lists transmitted to other collectors, and by
them receipted for; and also with the amount of the
taxes of such persons as may have absconded or
become insolvent prior to the day when the tax
ought, according to the provisions of the law, to have
been collected, and with ull uncollected taxes trans-
ferred by him or by his deputy acting as collector to
bib successor in office, when it shall be proved to the
satisfaction of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue,and be byhim certified to the EirstComptroIler
of the Treasury, that due diligence was used by the
collector for the collection of said taxes. And each
collector shall also be credited with the amount of
all property purchased byhim for the use of the Uni-
ted States when he shall have faithfully accounted
for and paid over tho proceeds thereof upon a resale
of the same as required bylaw. In case of the death,
resignation, or removal of the collector, all lists and
accounts of taxes uncollected shall be transferred to
hi.s successor in office as soon as such successor shall
be appointed and qualified, and it shall be the duty
of such successor to collect the same.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend that section by striking out the word
"par" in the sixth line and inserting in lieu
thereof the word " denominate," and by strik-
ing out the word "and" in the tenth line.
The amendments are merely verbal.
The amendments were agreed to.
No further amendments being offered, the
next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 43. And be it further enacted, That if any col-
lector or other officershall fail either to collect taxes
and revenues, and to pay the sameinto the Treasury
in the manner and at the time required by law, or to
render his account as provided bylaw, itshallbethe
duty of the First Comptroller of the Treasury, imme-
diately alter evidence ol such delinquency, to report
the same to the Solicitor of the Treasury, who shall
issue a warrant of distress against such delinquent
collector or other officer, directed to the marshal of
the proper district, stating therein the amount with
which the said collector or other officer is charge-
able, and the sums, if any, which have been paid
over by hiin, so far as the same are ascertainable.
And the said marshal shall immediately proceed to
levy and collect the sum which may remain due, with
five per cent, thereon, and all the expenses and
charges of collection, by distress and sale of the goods
and chattels or personal effeets of the delinquent
collector or other officer, giving at least five days'
notice of t.ho time and place of sale, in the manner
provided by law for advertising sales of personal
property on execution in the State wherein such col-
lectoror other officer resides. And the bill of sale of
the said marshal ior any goods, chattels, or other per-
sonal property distiained and sold as aforesaid, shall
be conclusive evidence of title to the purchaser, and
prima jacie evidence of the right of the officer to
make such sale, and of the correctness of his pro-
ceedings in selling the same. And for the want of
goods and chattels or other personal effects of such
collector or other officer sufficient to satisfy any war-
rant ot distress, issued pursuant to the preceding
section of this act, the lands and real estate of such
collector or other officer, or so much thereof as may
be necessary for satisfying the said warrant, after
being advei tised for at least three weeks in not less
than three public places in the collection district, and
in one newspaper printed in the county or district,
if any there be, prior to the proposed time of sale,
shall be sold at public auction by the marshal, who,
upon such sale, shall make and deliver to the pur-
chaser of the premises so sold a deed of conveyance
theretor, to be executed and acknowledged in the
manner and form prescribed by the laws of the State
in which said lands are situated, which said deed so
made shall invest the purchaser with all the title and
iuterest ol the said collector or other officer at the
time of tho seizure thereof, and the marshal shall
thereupon put the purchaser in possession of the
premises. And all moneys that may remain of the
proceeds of buch sale, after satisfying the said war-
rant of distress and paying the reasonable costs and
charges of sale, shall be returned to the proprietor
ot the lands or real estate sold as afore&aid.
No amendments were offered, and the next
section was read, as follows:
, Sec. -ii. And be it further enacted. That every col-
lector having charge of any warehouse in which dis-
tilled spirits, tobacco, oil, or other articles arestored
in bond, shall render a monthly account ot all such
articles to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
which account shall bo examined, adjusted, and set-
tled quarterly on the 1st days of January, April,
July, and October, so as to exhibit a true statement
of the liability and responsibility of every such col-
lector on such account. In adjusting such account
the collector shall be charged with all the articles
which may have been deposited or received under
the provisions of law, in any warehouse in his dis-
trict and under his control, and shall be credited
with alL such articles shown to have been removed
therefrom according to law, including transfers to
other collectors and to his successor in office, and also
whatever allowances may have been made in accord-
ance with law to any owner of such goods or articles
for leakage or other losses.
Mr. 'SCHENCK. I offer the following
amendment from the Committee of Ways and
Means:
Page 51, section forty-four, strike out from and
including the word M adjusted," in line five, down to
the word "October" inclusive, in line seven, as fol-
lows: "adjusted and settled quarterly on the 1st-
days of January, April, July, and October," and
insert in lieu thereof the words "and adjusted
monthly by him."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PILE. I desire to move an amendment
to strike out the words "distilled spirits," in
the second line; but I ask that by unanimous
consent it be reserved to be voted on in case
the provisions with regard to bonded ware-
houses for distilled spirits are all stricken out
when we reach that part of the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to
that.
There was no objection, and the amend-
ment was reserved.
No further amendments being offered to the
forty-fourth section, the next section was read,
as follows:
Sec. 45. And be ii further enacted, That if any prop-
erty, sold under process or distraint is of a kindsulD-
jeet to tax, and the tax thereon has not been paid,
after deducting the expenses of the sale, the proceeds
shall be first appropriated to the payment of said
tax; but if the amount bid at the sale for such prop-
erty is not equal to the amount of tax thereon, the
collector may purchase the same for and in the name
of th-e United Stares for a sum not exceeding the said
tax; and if no assessment of tax has been made on
such property tho collector shall make a return
thereof in form required by law, and the assessor
shall assess the tax thereon. All property so pur-
chased may be sold by said collector under such reg-
ulations as may be prescribed by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, but in no case for less than the
tax assessed thereon; and the collector shall render
to the Commissioner a distinct account of nil charges
and necessary expenses incurred in the care and sale
of such property, and pay into the Treasury any sur-
plus after defraying such charges and necessary
expenses.
No amendment was offered.
The next section was read as follows:
Sec. 46. And be it further enacted, That in any case
where goods, chattels, or effccts sufficient to satisfy
the taxes imposed by law upon any person liable to
pay the same shall not be found by the collector or
deputy collector whose duty it may be to collect the
same, he is hereby authorized to collect the same by
seizure and sale of real estate. The officer making
such seizure and sale shall give notice to the person
whose estate is proposed to be sold, by giving him in
hand, or leaving at his last or usual placo of abode,
if he has any such within the collection district
where said estate is situated, a notice, in writing,
stating what paiticular estate is proposed to be sold,
describing the same with reasonable certainty, and
the time when and place where said officer proposes
to sell the same, which time shall not be less than
twenty nor more than forty days from the time of
giving said notice; and the place of sale, except by
special order of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue. shall not be more than five miles distant from
the estate seized; he shall also cause a notice to the
same effect to be published in some newspaper, if
there be one, within the county where such seizure
is made, and posted at the post office nearest to tho
estate to be sold, and in two other places within the
county. At the time and placo appointed, the officer
making such seizure shall proceed to sell the said
estate at public auction, offeringthesame at a mini-
mum price, including the expense of making such
levy, and all chargcs for advertising, and an officer's
fee of ten dollars. In case the real estate so seized,
as aforesaid, shall consist of several distinct tracts or
parcels, the officer making sale thereof shall offer
each tract or parcel for sale separately, and shall, if
if he deem it advisable, apportion the expenses,
charges, and fees, aforesaid, to such several tracts or
parcels, or to any of them, in estimating the mini-
muni price aforesaid. It no person oilers for said
estate the amount of said minimum prico, the ofiicor
shall declare the same to be puichased bylnra tor
the United States, and shall depositwith the district
attornev of the United States a deed theretor, as
hereinafter specified and provided; otherwise, the .
same shall be declared to be sold to the highest mil- j
dor. The sale may be adjourned from time.to tune
by said officer lor not exceeding thirty days in all, if
he shall think it advisable so to do. Ii the amount
bid shall not be then and there paid, tho officershall
forthwith proceed to again sell said estate m the same
manner; and onthepayraentof the purchase-money
shall give to the purchaser a certificate of purchase,
which shall set forth the real estate purchased, for
whose taxes the same was sold, the name of the pur-
chaser, and the price paid .therefor; and if the said
real estate be not redeemed in the manner and within
the time hereinafter provided, then the collector of
the district shall execute to thesaid purchaser upon
surrender of said certificate, a deed of the rcaie«tato
purchased by himaforesaid, reciting thefacts set forth
in said certificate, and in accordance with the laws
of the State in which such real estate is situated
upon the subject of sales of real estate under execu-
tion, which said deed shall be prima facie evidence
of thefacts therein stated; and if the proceedings
of the officer asset forth have been substantially in
accordance with the provisions of law, the said deed
shall be considered and operate as a conveyance of
all the right, title, and interest the party delinquent
had in and to the real estate thus sold at the time
the lion of the United States attached thereto. Any
person whose estate may be proceeded against as
aforesaid shall have the right to pay the amount
due, together with the costs and charges thereon, to
the collector or deputy collector at any time prior to
the time fixed for the sale thereof, and all further
proceedings shall cease from the time of su«h pay-
mont. The owners ot any real estate sold as afore-
said, their heirs, cxccutors, or administrators, or any
person having any interest therein or a lien thereon,
or any person in their behalf, shall be permitted to
redeem the land sold as aforesaid, or any separate
tract thereof, at any time within one year after the
sale thereof, upon payment to the purchaser, or in
case he cannot bo found in the county m which the
land to be redeemed is situated, then to the collector
of the district in which the land is situated, for the
use of the purchaser,his heirs or assigns, the amount
paid by the said purchaser and interest tlieieon at
the rate of twenty per cent, per annum. And ai^y
collector may, for the collection of taxes imposed
upon any person, or lor which any person may be
liable, and committed to him lor collection, seize and
sell the lands of such persons situated in any other
collection district within the State in which said col-
lector resides; and his proceedings in relation thereto
shall have the same effect as if the same were had in
his district. It shall be the duty of every collector
to keep a record of all sales of land made in his dis-
trict, whether by himself or his deputies, or by
another collector, in which shall be set forth the tax
for which any such sale was made, the dates of
seizure and sile, the name of the party assessed, and
all proceedings in making said sale, the amount of
fees and expenses, the name of the purchaser, and
the date of deed; which record shall be certified by
the officer making the sale. Any officer making sale,
as aforesaid, shall return a statement of all his pro-
ceedings to the collector, and certiiy #he locord
thereof; but in case ot the death or removal ot the
collector, or the expiration of his term of office from
any cause, said record shall be delivered to his suc-
cessor in office; and a copy of every such record,
certified by the collector ot the proper district, idiall
be evidence in any court of the truth of the tacts
therein stated. When any lands sold, as aforesaid,
shall be redeemed as hereinbeioro provided, the col-
lector bhall make an entry of the fact upon the rec-
ord aforesaid, and the said entry shall be evidence
of such redemption. If any property seized and sold
under the provisions of this section shall not be
sufficient to satisfy the claim of the United States
against the person owning the same or having an
interest therein, the collector may thereafter, and
as often as the same may be necessary, procoed to
seize and sell, in like manner, any other property
liable to seizure of such person until the amount
due from him, together with all expenses, shall bo
fully paid.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the
clause. " the officer making such seizure shall
procced to sell the estate at public auction,
offering the same at a minimum price, includ-
ing the expense of such levy," by striking out
the word " including " and inserting in lieu
thereof the words " which shall be all."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to further amend
the section, in the clause, " if the amount, bid
shall not be then and there paid, the officer
shall forthwith proceed to again sell said estate
in the same manner," by striking out the
words " sell said estate" and inserting in lieu
the words "offer said estate for sale."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to further amend
the section, near the end, by striking out the
word "every" and inserting the word "any,
in the clause which now reads, "and a copy
of every such record, certified bv the collector
of the proper district, shall be evidence in anv
court of the truth of the facts therein stated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WOOD. I move to strike out this
entire section as amended. I am opposed to
a provision of this character in any tax bill, or
to a principle of this kind being incorporated
in any law of Congress.
So far we have left real estate io ba exempt
from the operation of the penalties for the aoxi-
