1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. DRAKE. The honorable Senator from
New York will allow me to ask him a question
at this point. I understand the honorable Sen-
ator to take this position: that as the legal
definition which he finds in Bouvier's Law
Dictionary of a "default" is a failure to per-
form some legal duty or obligation, therefore
there can be no default charged, yi the legal
sense of the term, upon the Union*Pacific rail-
road, eastern division, when it changed its
route from tlie Republican Fork to the Smoky
Hill route. Am I right in that view of the
gentleman's position?
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator may assume
that he is substantially right, if I understand
him.
Mr. DRAKE. Then, sir, although, in order
that the Senator from New York should make
out liis position on that point, it is necessary
for him to show that by the charter of this
company it was laid under a legal obligation
to make that route from up the Republican
Fork to the one hundredth meridian, my under-
standing of it is that it only had the right to
make it, a right conferred by law, and that
there was no legal duty imposed npon it to
make it; and, if there was no legal duty, then
the legal definition of the word "default"
does not, according to Bouvier's Law Dictionary
and the views of the Senator from ifcw York,
apply in this particular case ; buttheword "de-
faulting" there must beheld to have a meaning
synonymous with the mere word "failure" or
'• failing." I suggest this to the honorable
Senator.
Mr. CONKLING. In other words, if the
Senator will pardon me, there is no need of a
law dictionary or a legal definition to dispose
of the case upon his theory, because if they
never were bound at any time to go there then
the whole argument falls to the ground. If
this was ati optional gift to the Leavenworth,
Pawnee, and Western road, and they did not
choose to avail themselves of that option, the
whole idea that.this section applies to them at
all, or that any penalty for a default of any
kind would apply to them, seems to me entirely
beside the line of reasonable argument. I
mean, however, upon that point to say that
thereneed be no misunderstanding between us,
that a charter granted to a corporation like any
other grant operates as a contract; it is a con-
tract. It binds the grantee in the supposed
case to do certain things. When the other
party to that grant or contract interposes, and
not only waives the obligation to do that thing,
but directs it to be done specifically in a differ-
ent way, the possibility of default, of omission,
of anything which will satisfy this statute, is
entirely at an end. And when Congress inter-
posed, 1 care not for this purpose whether pre-
vious to that the grantee we are considering
was bound to go up the Republican Fork or
only authorized to go up the Republican Fork ;
when Congress interposed and directed that
company to go elsewhere, the time was at an
end within which any party could come into
court, or anywhere else, and say that he had
rights based upon the fact that this company
came short in whaj it was bound to do. That
is the argument.
Mr. DRAKE. With the permission ofthe hon-
orable Senator fiom New York I beg to call his
attention to the use of a word in his closing sen-
tence which does not seem fo me to be justified
under the circumstances. He assumes that
Congress directed the Union Pacific railroad,
eastern division, to change its route. That is
not the fact. Congress only gave them au-
thority to change the route.
There is one other suggestion to which 1
wish to call the attention of the Senator from
New York. He speaks of the charter being a
contract. Granted that it was a contract; and
here there was a tripartite contract,—a contract
between the United States and the Union Pa-
cilic Railroad Company, eastern division, and
tin-Central Pacific railroad, a contract, namely,
that the central branch should have a connec-
tion of oin' hundred miles west from Atchison
with the Union Pacific railroad,, eastern divis-
ion, which was to come up to the one hun-
dredth meridian. There was a contract be-
tween the Government and this company, and
then afterward the Government and the Union
Pacific railroad, eastern division, changed that
contract and turned the eastern division's route
entirely away from it. It is upon the basis of
that change in this tripartite contract, by two
of the parties, by which the other is left with
the end of its route out in the woods and with
no connection, that they press upon Congress,
in my opinion with great justice, the equity of
givingto them all the eastern division road would
have had from the end of that one hundred
miles up to the one hundredth meridian.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President., as often
occurs in argument, even when conducted in
that way most likely to bring out the views of
those who take part in it, the facts are not
understood alike, and therefore we start from
different premises. In the first place, the
eastern division never was bound to go to the
one hundredth meridian upon any particular
route. Therefore a very important element
of the case is wanting. In the nest place, it
had the privilege originally of exercising an
option as to the route which it should take.
Again, the act of 18GG, which I have bebu-e
me, is just as effectual for this purpose as if it
had required the eastern division to go along
the Smoky Hill Fork. My friend from Mis-
souri is too good a lawyer to deny that the
phraseology of this act, speaking of this iden-
tical road then projected upon a certain route,
and providing that "with the consent and
approval of the Secretary of the Interior"
the company " are authorized to locate, con-
struct, and continue their road " by the Smoky
Hill Fork, if they should so select—he is too
good a lawyer to deny that that language is
sufficient for all purposes here, and as suffi-
cient as if it had been in the language, not of
permission, but of requirement. With the
other provisions of this act, and of the statutes
with which it was to be read in pari materia,
the word "may" became "must," because
if they did not do that thing and proceed with
their route other alternatives followed.
However, I beg the Senator to let me pass
along from that point, for I did not intend to
occupy anything like so much time, and there
are some other suggestions with regard to this
subject which I wish to make. Let me waive
all this; let mo suppose that the eastern divis-
ion was in default, and that the rights of these
claimants took effect as they allege. I ask the
Senator what rights, then, accrued to 1110111?
Did the right accrue to these claimants upon
any possible construction to receive bonds and
lands from the expiration of their present one
hundred miles? Who says that? Why, sir,
the route which these parties selected origin-
ally, the road commencing at St. Joseph and
coming down to Atchison, and then turning
west, ran in the general direction of Fort Riley.
The route of the Leavenworth, Pawnee, and
Western railroad ran in the direction of and to
Fort Riley or Junction City. If it were true that
the hundred miles which these parties were
authorized to build carried them to Fort Riley
or Junction City, a plausible case for this claim
would be made out; but no such thing is true.
On the contrary, this is the fact, and [ appeal
to the report of the committee to bear me out
in what I say: if the eastern division going to
Fort Riley had gone from there up the Repub-
lican Fork to the one hundredth meridian these
parties would have had no connection by more
than fifty miles. Let me read from this report.
The report 011 page 2 informs us—•
"The eastern division, as authorized by the act of
1866, filed a new map of its route bclorc ttio 1«t of
Docember, greatly diverging from its original line,
which "—
That is, its original line—
"From Fort Riley passed oiT to tho northwest up
the Republican river toward the initial point, 011 the
one hundredth meridian."
That the committee say was tho route, and
that is, as I understand it. Now, on pageS
they say: *
"From the point where the central branch now
terminates to the old route of the eastern division,
on tho Republican For^, K in a direct fine, about fifty
miles, but the Central Branch Company have not
filed a map of their route over this intervening
space."
Mr. POMEROY. That is simply a mistake
of the committee. It is not fifty miles_or.any-
thing like it.
Mr. CONKLING. According to the map
which they submit here and the scale of the
map it is over fifty miles, and I understand
the fact to be that it is fifty miles. But, Mr.
President, however the fact may be, I beg to
say, in all candor, that the gentleman who
prepared the pamphlet which 1- have here was
hardly warranted in the following statement:
"And the Hannibal and St. Joseph Railroad Com-
pany having adopted the route via Atchison the
result was a collection of maps showing the entire
plan, and a, plan every milfi of which whs provided
for by tho acts of Congress and subsidized with lands
and bonds."
I say 110 man is warranted in making that
statement. On the contrary, the truth is that
if these roads had been built just as originally
guessed at there would have been a gap, my
infoimation is, and this report says, of upward
of fifty miles for which 110 bonds and no lands
were to be given ; and now the proposition is
that bonds for that fifty or sixty miles and
lands for that fifty or sixty miles are to be
added. And here, sir,' I beg to ask, what was
the question'submitted to Judge Curtis ? • Has
Judge Curtis written any argument to show
that from the western terminus of this hundred
miles any right or any equity even is to be
spelled out? What is the question he says
was submitted to him ?
" Whether the Atchison and Pike's Peak Railroad
Company, now called the Central Branch Union Pa-
ciiie Company, a.ie entitled under nets of Congress to
receive land^ and bonds irom the United States."
For what?
"Fur building a railroad from the point of junction
of the cnid road and !hc Leavenworth, Pawnee, and
Western railroad, intended and provided for by the
act ol July 1.LS6-', to thejuuction with tho Union Pa-
cific railroad 011 the one hundredth parallel of wes!
longitude."
That was the question submitted to Judge
Curtis—a question just as different from this as
day is different from night. Different from
this, the report of the committee says, by as
many bonds and as much land as are called for
by fifty miles of road.
Now, sir, let us see, 011 the theory of Judge
Curtis, whether these parties are not bound to
go on and extend their road over this interval,
whatever it may he? Are they not bound to
go to the point at Junction City or Fort Riley,
where alone they might have made their con-
nection ? Is it possible that, in addition to
everything else, they havearightto turnaround
and say, "Although two other companies
have already received the equivalent of these
lauds"—as I shall show they have—" we pro-
pose now to ask that bonds shall be given us
over again, not only for eveiytbiug which was
subsidized originally and which has been added
since, but we ask now a fresh division of lands
and bonds to enable us to build a road across
a gup fifty or sixty milts in length."
Mr. POMEROY. The company does not
propose to build there at all, even under this
bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I am perfectly aware of
that, Mr. President, and I thank the Senator
for reminding me of it. lie says thecompany
do not propose to build there at all. No, sir;
as I understand, the company do not propose
to occupy the route which they complain of
being deprived of. On the contrary, they pro-
pose to build a road from their present ter-
minus, running up along the Republican Fork,
and striking the one hundredth meridian a good
way north, which road, upon that route, never
could have been constructed by these statutes
originally, no matter what action had taken
place under them. But my point is, that they
come here now saying that if Congress had not
changed the Republican Fork route and made
it go down the Smoky Hill Fork they would
have had a continuous line, in the language of
this memoiial, every mile of which wouldhaVe
