3942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
$4,852 58? I wish to ask what this allowance
is made to Mr. F. Merritt for? With my col-
league on the Committee on Retrenchment, I
was not aware he was the builder of any boats
to entitle him to this sum of nearly fire thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. It
is the allowance on an iron boat he built for
the Government, not an iron-clad. This is the
allowance on that boat.
Mr. WELItER. Has the gentleman the
name of the vessel ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
have not. I have heard it but cannot now
turn to the papers.
Mr. WELIvER. I should like to have it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. This
is a wholly separate matter. My opinion is,
and I say it frankly, with all the gentleman's
ingenuity he has failed to bring the least just
charge against these gentlemen, Seeor & Co.
It is very easy in this House for any man to
get up and assail the character of the best men
and of the best firms of this country; but it is
not so easy for those firms or for individuals
holding high position in business to show those
charges are all false. And now, sir, I say,
from the information I have, that I do not
believe there is a better, purer, abler, more
enterprising firm in the whole country than that
of the Messrs. Secor & Go. Notwithstanding
all the gentleman has said I believe, from the
information I have and from what I have seen,
that it will tnrn out these men have acted
purely and fairly in all their transactions with
the Government. But I care not to go into
matters now which neither directly or indi-
rectly have anything to do with this bill. I
wish to say, sir, that these contractors for iron-
clads, these builders of iron-clads did more to
put down the rebellion than almost any other
class of men in the country. When we had
no iron-clad boats andParragut was appealing
for them, Secor & Co. went to work and gave
us the vessels by which we were able to take
Mobile and Fort Fisher. Yet the gentleman
gets up and produces charges against them. I
say that I have the greatest confidence in these
men. If they have done anything wrong I
should like to see it. I protest against the
gentleman doing them injustice.
Mr. PIKE. I have not a eqpy of the report,
but have sent for it. I understand that we
have in our possession the vessels themselves
and the money for which they were sold.
Mr. BENJAMIN. We have the money but
not the vessels. The Government refuses to
clear the vessels.
Mr. PIKE. I understand we have the money,
but declare the sale void on account of fraud,
and the vessels are now at New Orleans. They
are within our jurisdiction. What difficulty is
there, that being the case, of retaining posses-
sion of those vessels and reimbursing our own
expenses out of the transaction? I see no
difficulty. Why go into some other transaction
when we have a perfect Army under our own
control in that transaction?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Dawes, as Speaker pro tempore, having taken
the chair, Mr. Eldridge reported that the
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar had, according to order, had under
consideration the bill (S. No. 397) for the
relief of certain Government contractors, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move that when the House again resolves itself
into the Committee of the Whole all debate on
the pending bill terminate in five minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts^ I
now move that the House resolve ii self into
the Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar, (Mr. Eldridge in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the hill (II.
R. No. 307) for the relief of certain Govern-
ment contractors.
_ Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania for
a question.
Mr. MILLER. What I desire to ask is
whether this bill proposes to pay anything more
than the original contract price to these con-
tractors ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. It
proposes to pay for the increased cost in the
construction caused by the action of the Gov-
ernment according to the report of the board
of examiners.
Mr. MILLER. Nothing more than that
increased cost?
_ Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. No,
sir.
Mr. PILE. I understand the gentleman to
say he believes the award of this naval board
to be just and right. I desire to ask him if
there were not fourteen light-draught monitors
built, all of them after precisely the same draw-
ings and specifications, the same kind of boats
in every particular and with the same altera-
tions made in each boat; and further, if this
board did not allow an award to three of the
contractors for those boats and reject all the
others ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. There
is not time to go into that. In saying this
award is just, I speak so far as these men are
concerned. I have no reason to suppose it was
otherwise in regard to the other contractors.
But it is unnecessary to go into that. I yield
the remainder of the five minutes to my col-
league.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
only to put right one or two assertions so far
as 1 know the facts. It has been asserted in
the course of this debate that these iron clads
were necessary to the prosecution of the war.
I desire to say that the most gallant engage-
ment fought by the Navy in the late war,
where more risk was undergone and heavier
armament met than anywhere else, at Fort St.
Philip and Fort Jackson, on the Mississippi
river, under Commodore Farragut, there was
not a single iron-clad; and there was but one
boat lost, and she was a merchant steamer
simply fitted up as a naval vessel. One thing
further, in justice to all. It is said that we
are under great obligation to Secor & Co. I
desire to say here that the country is under the
greatest obligation to a member of this House,
a member from New York, who advanced the
money and paid the entire expenses out of his
own funds in order to get the monitor built
which met the Merrimac in Hampton roads.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Name him.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The
gentleman is absent or I would not have said
anything about it. [Laughter.]
A Member. Heispresent, [Mr. Gkiswold.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I beg
pardon; I did not know he was here. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move that the biii be laid aside to be reported
to the House.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I believe my amend-
ment is pending.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
offer his amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to strike out the
following:
To Secor & Co., Perrine, Sceor & Co., the sum of
$115,539 01.
To M. F. Merritt, the sum of,lit,852 58.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment it was disagreed to—ayes thirteen, noes
not counted.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported
to the House with the recommendation that it
do pass.
l. merchant and company, etc.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
1H
H. R. No. 1320) for the relief of L. Merchant
Co., and Peter Rosecrantz.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to payout of any money in the
Treasury, not otherwise appropriated, to
Leander Merchant, of the firm of L. Merchant
& Co., the sum of $109,412 81, the pro-
ceeds of six hundred and eighty-four bales of
cotton, the private property of said firm, taken
erroneously and without due authority by the
agents of the United States civil and military
authorities at Mobile, Alabama, in the month
of April, 1865, shipped to New York, sold by
the united States, and the proceeds thereof
paid into the Treasury, the charges and
expenses of the United States having been
deducted therefrom; and to Peter Rosecrantz
the sum of $39,253 10, the proceeds of two
hundred and forty-one bales of cotton, the
private property of said Rosecrantz, taken,
sold, and appropriated at the same time and
place, and in the same manner, the charges
and expenses of the United States having
likewise been deducted therefrom.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move that that bill be laid aside to be reported
to the House.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That bill appropriates a
good deal of money. We ought to have some
explanation of it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I call
for the reading of the report.
The report was read. The committee state
that the claimants were natives and citizens
of the State of Rhode Island previous to the
late rebellion, but doing mercantile business
at Mobile, Alabama, where their principal pos-
sessions were; and to protect their property
until it could be disposed of they were obliged
to remain in Mobile, after the secession of the
State of Alabama, with the so-called southern
confederacy. In disposing of their stocks of
merchandise they received cotton in payment
almost exclusively, until their property in this
article amounted to nine hundred and twenty-
five bales.
The evidence submitted in the case shows
that in April, 1805, twelve days prior to the
capture and military possession of Mobile by
the United States forces, and when Federal
troops were daily expected to appear before
the city, the confederate authorities ordered
all the cotton in the city of Mobile to be de-
posited in a designated place near the eity and
to be forthwith burned to prevent its capture
by the United States Government. This order
was carried into effect, but the very promulga-
tion of it raised such an outcry for mercy and
forbearance from the reduced and impover-
ished people of Mobile that General Dick
Taylor, the rebel commander, was induced to
modify its terms, and accordingly issued a
general order permitting such persons as could
procure transportation for their cotton, either
by water or rail, to take it one hundred mil< s
distant from Mobile, and beyond the reach of
the Federal Army. With this exception the
cotton at Mobile was to be burnt.
At this juncture, Captain Merchant, one of
the claimants, succeeded in employing two
steamboats and freighting them with six hun-
dred and eighty-four bales of his own cotton,
and two hundred and forty-one bales of the
cotton of Peter Rosecrantz, and immediately
stc-amed up the Alabama river, under charge
of Rosecrantz, some thirty miles distant, where
it was run into a small bayou or lake and se-
creted as well as possible until further directions
should be given by Merchant. On the 12th of
April the Federal forces occupied Mobile. On
the 13th following, the claimant, Merchant,
stated the circumstances of running off and se-
creting the two boat-loads of cotton to General
Gordon Granger, the Federal commander, who
upon full inquiry, and being satisfied of the loy-
alty of these parties, gave a permit to restore the
cotton to Mobile and to protect the claimants
in its ownership and possession. It was ac-
cordingly restored to claimants' warehouses,
and guards placed about the building to protect
it from rebel depredations at Mobile.
