510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
patent office report.
The SPEAKER, the morning hour having
expired, laid before the House a communica-
tion from the Commissioner of Patents, trans-
mitting his annual report for 1807 ; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents, and
ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. This is the mechanical
portion of the Patent Office report. If extra
copies are desired a resolution had better be
referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. CHANLER. I move that ten thousand
extra copies of the report be printed.
The motion was referred, under the law, to
the Committee on Printing.
filling vacancies on committees.
The SPEAKER announced the following
appointments to fill vacancies on committees:
Committee on Private Land Claims—James
R. McCormick, of Missouri, in place of Cor-
nelius S. Hamilton, of Ohio, deceased.
Committee on Invalid Pensions—Lawrence
S. Trimble, of Kentucky, in place of John
Fox, of New York, excused.
leav$ of absence.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained leave
of absence for an indefinite time for Mr. Kel-
ley, on account of the death of a relative.
charles j. powers.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 441) author-
izing the Second Auditor of the Treasury to
settle and pay the bounty of Charles J. Powers
to his father; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
samuel hitchcock.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, also introduced a bill (H. R. No. 442)
authorizing the Paymaster General to settle the
claim of Lieutenant Samuel Hitchcock, thirty-
sixth Illinois infantry volunteers ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
illinois iron and bolt company.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, also introduced a bill (H. R. No. 443) to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
refund to the Illinois Iron and Bolt Company
certain penalties wrongfully collected; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the various votes by which bills
have been referred to-day; and also move that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the president.
Several messages in writing from the Presi-
dent were delivered to the House by Colonel
\\ illiam G. Moore, his Secretary; who also
informed the House that the President had
approved and signed a bill and joint resolution
of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 309) to prevent frauds
in the collection of the tax on distilled spirits;
and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 130) in rela-
tion to the sale of stock in the Dismal Swamp
Canal Company.
lake erie and OniO river.
Mr. MILLER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the following joint resolution; which
was referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals, and ordered to be printed:
Joint resolution instructing our Senators and re-
questing our Representatives in Congress to vote
for an appropriation to open a communication
between Lake Erie and the Ohio river.
Whereas a passage for gunboats between the Ohio
river and the great lakes is greatly needed for the
national protection and security: and whereas the
national prosperity would be vastly increased by the
opening of such a highway for the purposes of com-
merce; and whereasthe national Congress has man-
ifested its desire for the opening of such a channel by
ordering the survey of sundry routes: Therefore,
Be it revolved by the Senate and Houte of Representa-
tive* of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in General
j Assembly met, That our Senators are hereby in-
■ structed, and our Representatives requested, to urge
upon Congress the passage of an act to open such a
channel, l>y wiy of the " Pennsylvania Erie canal,"
from the mouth of the Beaver river, on the Ohio, to
Lake Erie, at the city of Erie, a distance ofono hundred
and twenty-eight miles, which, in the judgment ofthe
Legislature of Pennsylvania, can be accomplished
by enlarging the Erie Extension Canal, at a cost to
tho General Government of not more than 31,000,000;
the expense of repairs after sueli enlargement to be
at all times borne by the Erie Canal Company.
JOHN P. GLASS.
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
LOUIS W. HALL,
Speaker of the Senate.
Approved the 12th day of April, A. D. 1807.
JOHN W. GEARY.
contracts for ordnance, etc.
The SPEAKER, byunanimons consent, laid
before the House a messsage from the Presi-
dent, transmitting, in compliance with a reso-
lution of the House, a communication from the
Secretary of War ad interim, with accompany-
, ing papers, in reference to contracts for ord-
nance, projectiles, and small-arms ; which, on
motion of Mr. Cullom, were referred to the
Committee on Ordnance, and ordered to be
printed.
indian treaties.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a message from the Presi-
: dent of the United States, transmitting the
i1 report made by the commissioners appointed
j under act of Congress approved July 20, 1807,
j| entitled "An act to establish peace with certain
ji hostile Indian tribes," together with accom-
panying papers; which, on motion of Mr.
Windom, were referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
reconstrdction.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 439) additional and
supplementary to an act entitled "An act to
provide for the more efficient government of
the rebel States," passed March 2, 1807, and
to the acts supplementary thereto; which had 1
been made the special order for to-day after
the morning hour, and upon which Mr. Bing-
ham was entitled to the floor.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will yield to the gen-
tleman from New ..York, [Sir. Brooks,] who
is a member of the committee from which this
bill was reported and who desires to submit a
minority report.
Mr. BROOKS. I desire to submit a report
of the views of the minority of the committee,
signed by the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] and myself, in opposition to this bill.
And as the injunction of secresy upon the
action of the committee has been removed, as
will be seen by any one who will refer to the
daily papers, I may avail myself of this oppor-
tunity to add that the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] was also
opposed to the bill as reported, though upon
entirely different grounds; our opposition
being to the principle of the bill, and he, as I
understand him, being opposed to the bill
because it was not effective enough, but was
rather a bill to make a President of the United
States than to carry out the objects stated in
the bill.
I now present the report of the minority;
and as I am familiar with the handwriting I
will read it.
The report was as follows :
The undersigned, a minority of the Committee on
Reconstruction, so-called, submit, among others, the
following as some of their reasons for opposition to
this bill:
1. That a Congress ex parte is asked (first section) to
abrogate and destroy all civil State governments in
ten States, four of them, namely, Virginia, North
Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, being of the
original thirteen thaf started the Government and
created the Constitution, whilo four others of that
thirteen (making eight in all) have just been demon-
strating through their popular elections that they
recognize their civil State governments, and guar-
anty, as far as the popular voice there ean, their
preservation (not destruction) as legal State govern-
ments. Self-government and representation are car-
dinal principles of a republic, and solemnly ordained
in our 1*ederal Constitution; but this section ignores
both and robs ten States of the Union and their
twelve million inhabitants of all protection from
the judiciary or executive branches of tho Govern-
ment, while dooming them to a military despotism.
2. That a Congress thus representing but a part
of the people, and that part now in a minority, even
if a full Congress, in the proper parliamentary sense
of that word, could bo but one of tho three great
branches of the Government, with no right nor power
to invalidate or to deny the recognition of the judi-
cial or executive power, as asserted in this bill. The
executive or judiciary has as much right to proclaim
or adjudicate that Congress shall not be recognized
as Congress has thus to enact for the cxecutivo and
the judiciary both are as much the Government, an.l
tho creature of the Constitution as the House of Rep-
resentatives .or Senate; and the Executive electcd
by tho whole people better represents the principles
of popular government than a Senate, the mere
arbitrary creature of the States without regard to
population.
3. That this invalidation or nullification of the
executive and judicial power in ten States is not only
an abolition of the Federal Constitution, but, without
a direct repeal of, in conflict with tho great military
act of 1T9J, IT'.>5, and of March 3, 1S07, putting the
Army and Navy and militia of the United States in
certain cases at the disposal of the President; also in
conflict with the fundamental judiciary act of 17S9,
the Constitution, which, while guarantying to every
and also in conflict with article four, section five, of
the Constitution, which, while guarantying to every
State a republican form of government, also guaran-
ties on application of the civil authorities of the
State, protection against domestic violence or inva-
sion, such as is contemplated in this bill.
4. That the second and third sections are in utter
violation of the Constitution—Article 2, section 2—
which declares " the President" to be Commander-in-
Chief of the Army of tho United States, inasmuch as
only the General of the Army is there authorized to
be that Commander-in-Chief, and to remove by his
order alone any or all officers of the Army of tho
United States, independent ofthe constitutional and
people's elected Commander-in-Chief, and this in-
vestiture of a General ofthe Army with this supremo
dictatorship is, as if in solemn mockery, set forth to be
to reorganize civil government republican in form 1
5. That the whole act is revolutionary and incen-
diary in arraying Congress, but one branch of the
Government, against two coordinate branches, in all
respects the constitutional equals of Congress, and in
some respect the constitutional superiors of that
Congress, and thereby calculated, if not intended, to
involve the whole country in commotion and civil
strife, the end of which no human eye can foresee.
JAMES BROOKS, of New York.
JAMES B. BECK, of Kentucky.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Is that to be considered
as a minority report?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Then I would call the
attention of the House, and particularly of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] to
an expression in it.
Mr. BROOKS. What is it?
Mr. BOUTWELL. The expression to which
I refer is this—" Committee of Reconstruction,
so-called." I think this House has a right to
the assent of its members to its own action. It
is not decorous in the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] in a report to character-
ize any committee of this House as "so called."
Mr. BROOKS. I have no objection to strik-
ing out that term. But the reason I used it
was that I found in the bill itself the term
"so called." The bill says, "the so called
civil governments in said States." I desire to
have that term struck out of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The committees of the
House are named by the House.
Mr. BROOKS. I yield to the taste of tho
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bout-
well] and will strike that term from the mi-
nority report. I hope, however, that in due
time, when we come to the consideration of
the bill, he will with equal taste move to strike
from the first section the term "so called" as
applied to the State governments. I now move
that the minority report be printed, and in
connection with the majority report, if any
should be made.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I have availed myself of the
occasion of the introduction of reconstruction
bills heretofore to reply with some care to the
arguments and principles involved in those
bills. And though I could not add nroch in
the discussion of this bill to what I said before.
I will say_ that in my judgment, though doubt-
less not in the judgment of others, we have
arrived at a period in our history when legal
discussion or logic within the walls of this
House is of very little avail. I shall not, there-
fore, avail myself of the opportunity now pre-
sented, to discuss at any great length the prin-
ciples of this bill, or to express my opinions
upon it, but will leave that to others who are
