2918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June G,
payment of taxes. Indeed, we have left the
homestead exempt from any taxation what-
ever. But under the operation of this section
a homestead, although it may be exempt from
all other claims if not valued over a certain
sum, is liable to seizure and confiscation for
the non-payment of any tax upon any trade,
employment, or occupation of the owner.
Sir, there is nothing so important and yet so
delicate as the title to real estate. There is
nothing in this country to which the people
attach so much importance as they do to the
right which the homestead laws give them to
be exempt from any penalty by the action of
the Government, so far as that homestead right
may go.
.But how will it be under the operation of
this section? Whenever the owner of a home-
stead meets with misfortune in his ordinary
business, becomes bankrupt and utterly unable
to pay the taxes which may accrue upon the
ordinary products of his business, when he
returns to his homestead at night, which under
our laws is exempt from all liabilities of this
character, he finds it in the hands of the col-
lector or deputy collector who becomes one
of the most important officers in the revenue
service.
Mr. UPSON. Are not all homesteads liable
ts taxation and sale ?
Mr. WOOD. Not liable to seizure and sum-
mary sale.
Mr. UPSON. Yes, all the time.
Mr. WOOD. They can be sold for taxes
that accrue upon the land itself.
Mr. UPSON. Yes.
Mr. WOOD. But they are not liable for
taxes which accrue upon the ordinary business
or occupation of the owners.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is for this Committee
of the Whole to decide whether the law shall
be retained as it now exists. This has for a
long time been a feature in the internal revenue
law. This section is a mere reenaetment of
the present law with merely verbal changes to
make some things clearer, as any one can see
by referring to section nine of the act of July,
1866. Now, I submit that people who can afford
to have homesteads can also afford to pay
taxes. It would be a very singular .thing, in-
deed, if those who own real estate, own what
is called a homestead, should be exempt from
the payment of taxes upon it; for the position
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
amounts to that; The owner ot the home-
stead, according to that, has only to peep his
personal property out of the reach of the law,
and then he can snap his fingers at the col-
lector.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman will
allow me to inquire whether this bill does not
in fact propose to make a lien those taxes
which accrue in general business—which ac-
crue, for instance, upon the sales of the mer-
chant? Do not the committee propose to make
such taxes a lien upon thehomesiead, so that,
in disregard of the interests of the wife and
children, it may be sold for taxes accruing in
general business ? That is the feature to
which, as I understand, the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wood] objects ; and it seems
to me the objection is very reasonable.
Mr. MAYNARD. The language of this
section corresponds with the language of the
existing law.
The present law provides—
"That in any case where goods, chattels,or effects
sufaeient to satisty the taxes imposed by law upon
any person liable to pay the sajjae shall not be found
by the collector or deputy collector, he is author-
ized to collect the same by seizure and sale of real
estate."
This affects neither the wife nor the children.
The poor man who happens to have no home-
stead, who resides on rented property, the
man who has not sufficient means to own the
place upon which lie resides with his wife and
children, is liable, according to the proposition
of the gentleman from New York, to have all
his property taken, while the man who is
domiciled in his own mansion may bid defiance
to the authorities of the law. He can carry oil
his business to the amount of thousands of
dollars, in such a way and under such guise
that the collector cannot lay his hands upon
any property which shall be liable for taxes,
lie may carry on business, for example, as a
claim agent or a commercial broker or a
lottery dealer, in such a way that the business
affords nothing tangible for the collector to
seize ; yet that man may retire into his costly
mansion, his Fifth avenue palace, and bid
defiance to the revenue laws of the country.
I cannot see the propriety or the justice of
any such proceeding; and it strikes me that it
would not be wise for us to sanction it by our
laws. I think the amendment ought not to be
^adopted, but that the law should be permitted
to stand precisely as it has stood for a long
time.
On agreeing to the amendment of Mr. Wood,
there were—ayes 16, noes 60 j no quorum
voting.
The Chairman, under the rules ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Wood and Mr.
Maynard,
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes twenty-one, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. _ I move to amend by
adding to the pending section the following
proviso:
Provided, however. That property, real or personal,
exempt by the law of the State, where the seizure
thereof shall be made from sale on execution shall
be exempt from sale undcrthc provisions of this act,
cxcept for tax originally assessed thereon under the
provisions of this act.
Mr. Chairman, while I think that property
upon which tax is actually assessed ought to
be liable for the payment of the tax, yet it
seems to me that in our legislation on this sub-
ject it is wise for us to follow the policy marked
out in the homestead laws of almost all, the
States, and exempt the homestead from lia-
bility 1'or any other taxes than those actually
assessed against it. Why should the home-
stead, which, according to the general policy
of our laws is regarded as specially reserved
for the benefit of the wife and children, be
made liable to sale for taxes not levied against
that particular property ?
There is in this respect a manifest difference
between the taxes assessed by the General Gov-
ernment and those assessed by the various
States. The taxes assessed by the States are
charged simply upon the property itself, and
that property, in case of default, is sold sim-
ply to pay the taxes charged against it. Under
the United States laws a merchant or a dis-
tiller, lor instance, may, in the conduct of his
business, render himself liable for a large
amount of tax, and according to the bill before
us that tax may be collected by the sale of his
homestead, which, by the laws of most of the
States, is protected tor the benefit of the wife
and children. It would be in conformity with
the spirit of our legislation in almost all the
States to exempt specially from sale the home-
stead, against which, (Srdinarily, no tax what-
ever would be assessed by the General Gov-
ernment.
Mr. MAYNARD. The amendment of the
gentleman, from the form in which he has pre-
sented it, is, I believe, objectionable. It is,
that whatever is exempted from execution
under the law of any State, shall be exempted
from sale for taxes. We know there is great
diversity in that regard. Some States exempt
more than others do. Some exempt the home-
stead, and others do not. Some exempt sub
modo, and others absolute. So the Federal laws
would operate differently in the different parts
of the country, and they would be subject to
Federal legislation.
Then, again, it would permit a man, by get-
ting into what he called a homestead, to carry
on any of that kind of business to which I
referred a moment ago.
There is another thing I think the gentleman
will consider. The construction in these States
where property is exempted from execution as
against individual claims, is that it is not ex-
empted from restraint for taxes. I think we had
better leave the law as it ia. I am' not aware
there is any complaint. We have had no peti-
tions for its repeal, and we have had oa almost
every other subject.
The amendment, was rejected.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move in lines fifty-
five, fifty-six, and fifty-seven, to slrike out the
words "if the proceedings of the officer as
set forth have been substantially ia accordance
with the provisions of law," and to insert in
line fifty-eight, after the word "operate" the
words ''prima facie;" so it will read:
If the amount bid shall not be then apd there paid,
the oflicer shall forthwith proceed to again sell said
estate in the same manner; and on the payment of
the purchase money shall give to the purchaser a
certificate of purchase, which shall set forth the real
estate purchased, for whose taxes the same was sold,
the name of the purchaser, and the price paid there-
for; and'if the said real es&ite be not redeemed in
the manner and within the time hereinafter pro-
vided, then the collector of the district shall execute
to the said purchaser, upon surrender of said certifi-
cate, a deed of the real estate purchased by him
aforesaid, reciting the facts set forth, in said certifi-
cate, and in accordance with the laws of the State in
which said real estate is situated upon the subject of
sales ol real estate under execution, which said deed
shall be prima facie evidence of the facts therein
stated; and the said deed shall be considered and
operate prima fac.ip. as a conveyance of all the right,
title, and interest the party delinquent had in and to
the real estate thus sold at the time the lien of the
United States attached thereto. Any person, whose
estate may be proceeded against as aforesaid, shall
have the right to pay the amount due, together with
the costs and charges thereon, to tlie collector or
deputy collector at any time prior to the time fixed
for tho sale thereof, and all further proceedings shall
cease from the tuueot such payment. The owners
of any real estate sold as aforesaid, their heirs, exe-
cutors, or administrators, or any person having any
interest therein, or a lien thereon, or any person in
their behalf, shall be permitted to redeem the land
sold as aforesaid, or any separate tract thereof, at
any time within one year after the sale thereof, S:c.
Mr. Chairman, if real estate is to be sold we
have to get a purchaser, and in order to induce
anybody to buy land at a marshal's sale you have
got t.o give the purchaser, in accordance with
the laws of the various States, a deed, which
is a prima facie evidence of title. It must be
held as prima facie evidence of title, or else
you will get nobody to buy. Whenever it shall
be assailed the onus probandi must be upon
the assailing party to show that the proceedings
were not proper.
Now, as I construe the language of the bill,
it throws the burden of proof upon the pur-
chaser or the grantee, and not upon the party
who seeks to void the deed. Let me read the
bill as it is:
And if the proceedings of the officer as set forth
have been substantially in accordance with the pro-
visions of law the said deed shall be considered
and operate as a conveyance of all the right, title,
and interest the party delinquent had in and to the
real estate thus sold atthe time the lien of the United
States attached thereto.
Now, by that language the party claiming
under its deed must show that all the proceed-
ings, in all respects, have been according to
law. If you strike out the words I have indi-
cated then the deed is prima facie evidence of
title to any real estate that is sold.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me. from the
language of the bill, that the deed is now pri-
ma facie evidence of all that it recites. It is
to be taken as such for what it substantially
recites. Therefore the party that assails the
deed must overturn that prima facie case.
The word ''substantial'1 has great significance.
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from Illinois has expired.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I canuot answer
that question.
Mr. MAYNARD. The facts and proceed-
ings as substantially recited in the deed are to
be taken as prima jac/e evidence andean only
be countervailed by rebutting testimony. The
deed is to convey the delinquent's title to the
purchaser, and is to be taken as prima facie
evidence that all the proceedings have been in
accordance with law. To disprove that evidence
is with the other side.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I wish to say in reply
to the gentleman 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted
unless the gentleman froia Teuaessee yields
the balance of his time.
