1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2919
Mr. MAYNARD. I yield it to the gentle-
man from Illinois.
Mr. INGERSOLL. What I want to say is
this: in an action for ejectment if thepurchaser
has a deed from the Government under Gov-
ernment sale, will that show that the proceed-
ings of the officer have been in accordance
with law?
Mr. MAYNARD. Suppose a purchaser at
a sale finds somebody in possession and brings
an action of ejectment, showing a title in the
delinquent, and then brings a deed from the
collector to himself which recites a compliance
with the provisions of the law respecting such
sales, then, unless the delinquent shows by
evidence which he introduces that the recitals
of the deed are true, is he not entitled to
possession ?
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. With this exception :
the deed will never recite that the proceedings
of the officer have been regular. I now yield
to the gentleman from Vermont.
Mr. lJOLAND. I will propose an amend-
ment that will satisfy both the gentlemen. I
move to insert in line fifty-five the words "and
of the regularity of the officer's proceeding;"
so that it will read, "which said deed shall be
prima facie evidence of the facts therein
slated and of the regularity of the officer's
proceeding."
Mr. PAINE. Suppose it should happen
that the facts set forth in the deed are entirely
inconsistent with the alleged regularity of the
proceedings, then what ? The amendment still
makes the deed prima facie evidence of the
regularity of the proceedings.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Illinois ,[Mr. Isgeksoll] accept the
amendment?
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I do.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move in line seventy-
seven to strike out "twenty" and insert "fifty."
£ suppose the object of this is to secure a pur-
chaser for this real estate. The party has one
year in which to redeem, by paying twenty per
cent, upon the purchase money. 1 take it that
that is entirely inadequate to secure a purchaser.
In many localities it is nothing more than the
interest on the money, and no person will invest
his money with the uncertainty attending all
tax sales with but twenty per cent, per annum
held out to him as an inducement so to invest.
The law of some States gives one hundred per
cent., and that, in a large number of instances,
does not secure purchasers of delinquent lands.
Unless you offer more than twenty per cent,
for one year's investment you will find no pur-
chasers.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. Chairman, I had already
drawn an amendment to strike out the word
twenty and insert fifteen, but after consulta-
tion with the chairman of the committee I con-
cluded I would not offer it. But it seems to
me that the amendment now proposed by the
gentleman from Missouri is very unreason-
able. This provision is intended, as I under-
stand it, to provide for many cases where there
is no fault on the part ot the delinquent
where the delinquency occurs through mis-
fortune—perhaps on account of absence from
the country. Now, to impose such a mon-
strous rate of interest as fitty per cent, it seems
to me would be outrageous. Twenty per cent,
is a very large rate in most parts of the coun-
try. In the West the interest is much higher.
In Boston, where monejr is plenty, three or
four per cent, is a frequent rate.
Mr. MAYNARD. What rate is allowed m
New Hampshire in a case of this kind/
Mr. BENTON. Where land is sold for taxes
the rate is twelve per cent, in my State.
Mr. BENJAMIN. In Missouri the rate is
one hundred per cent., and in nine cases out
often the land finds no purchaser.
Mr. BENTON. That may explain in some
degree why things are so deranged there.
They allow such unreasonable liens that all
the property that can be gathered together is
put in a homestead, and then under the high
rata of interest they want more money. No
wonder they want more greenbacks issued
here. [Laughter.]
The amendment of Mr. Bbsjamis was dis-
agreed to.
No further amendments being offered, the
next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 47. And he it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner ot Internal Revenue shall have charge of
ail real estate which has been or shall be assigned,
set off, or conveycd, by purchase or otherwise, to the
United States, in payment of debts arising underthe
laws relating to internal revenue, and of all trusts
created for the use of the United States, in payment
of such debts; and may sell and dispose of any such
lands at public auction upon giving not less than
twenty days' notice of such sales; and in cases where
real estate has already become the property ot the
United States by conveyance or otherwise, in pay-
ment of or as security for a debt arising under the
laws relating to internal revenue, and such debt shall
have been paid, together with the interest thereon,
at the rate of twenty per cent, per annum, to the
United States, within two years Irom the date of the
acquisition of such real estate, it shall be lawful for
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue to release by
deed, or otherwise convey, such real estate to the
debtor from whom it was taken, or to his heirs or
other legal representatives.
No amendments were proposed, and the
Cleric read the forty-eighth section, as follows:
Sec. 48. And be it further enacted, That in all cases
of collection by distraint it shall be the duty of the
officer charged with the collection to cause a notice
to be published forthwith in some newspaper within
the county wherein said distraint is made, if there
be a newspaper published in said county, or to be
publicly posted at the post office, if there be one
within five miles, nearest to the residence of the
person whose property has been distrained, andin
not less than two other public places, which notice
shall specify the articles distrained andthe time and
place tor the sale thereof, which tune shall not be
less than ten nor more than twenty days after the
publication or posting of such notice, and alter the
notice given to the owner or possesj-or of tho property
as hereinafter provided, and the place for such sale
shall not be more than live miles from the place ot
making such distraint; and it shall be the duty ol
such ofiicer to make or cause to bo made an account
of the goods, chattels, and effects distrained, a copy
of which, signed by the officer making the distraint,
with a note of the sum demanded, and the time and
place fixed for the sale shall be left with the owner
or possessor of such goods, chattels, and effects, or at
his usual residence or place ot business, with some
person of suitable age and discretion, it any such
can be therefound. And such sale may bo adjourned
from time to time at the discretion of said omccr,
but not for a time exceediag m the aggregate thirty
days. In case of any distraint for the payment ot
taxes, the goods,chattels, and effectsdistrainedshall
be restored to the owner or possessor it payment of
the amount due. together with the fees and other
charges, shall be made, prior to the sale, to theofficer
charged with the collection thereof; but in case of
non-payment, as aforesaid, the said officer shnll pro-
ceed to sell the said goods, chattels, and eft'eets at
public auction, and shall retain from the proceeds of
such sale the amount due to the United States, and
a commission of live percent, thereon tor his own
use, together with the fees and charges for distraint
and sole, rendering any surplus to the person who
may be entitled to receive the same. In any
case where property distrained for taxes may not be
divisihle, so as to enable the collector, by a sale of
part thereof, to obtain the wholeamount of the tax,
with all costs, charges, and commissions, the whole
of such property shall bo sold, and the surplus of the
proceeds of the sale, after satisfying the tax, costs,
and charges,shall be paid to the person legally enti-
tled to ieceive the same, or if he reiuse to receive
the same or cannot be found, then such surplus shall
be deposited in the Treasury of the United btates. to
be held for the use of the person legally entitled to
receivc the same, until he shall make application
therefor to the Secretary of the Treasury, who, upon
such application, and satisfactory proofs m support
thereof, shall by waxiant on the Treasury, cau.-'e the
same to be paid to such person. And in all cases ot
sale as aforesaid the certificate of such sale shall
transfer to the purchaser all right, title, and interest
of the delinquent tax-payer, in and to the property
sold and shall be prima facie evidence of the right
of such officer to make the sale, and conclusive evi-
dence of the regularity of his proceedings: and where
such property shall consist of stock such certificate
of sale shall be notice, when received, to any corpor-
ation company, or association, of said transfer, anu
shall bo authoiity to such corporation, company, or
association to record the same on their books and
records in the same manner as is transierred or
assigned by the parson or party holding such stock
in lieu of any original or prior certificate, which
after that time shall bo void, whether canceled or
not And any such certificate of sale, wheie the
subject of sale shall be securities or other evidences
of debt, shall be a good and valid receipt to the pei-
«on holding the same as against any person holding
or claiming to hold possesion of such sccuiities or
other evidences of debt: 1 royiaetl, 1 hat thci e . hall
be exempt from distraint and sale the school-jooks
and necessary wealing apparel for the family, arms
for personal use, one eon', two hogs, live sheep, aud
the wool thereof, the aggregate market value 01 said
sheep not to exceed titty dollars, the necessary food
for such cow, hogs, and sheep tor a period not ex-
ceeding tliii ty days, fuel to an amount not greater m
value than twenty-five dollars, provisions to an
amount not greater in value than fifty dollars, house-
hold furniture kept for use to an amount not greater
in value than three hundred dollars, and the books,
tools, or implements of trade or profession to an
amount not greater in valuo than one hundred dol-
lars; and the officer making the distraint shall sum-
mon three disinterested householders of tho vicinity,
who shall appraise and set apart to the owner any
property herein declared to be exempt.
Mr. POLAND. In lines fifty-six and fifty-
seven of that section on page 60 I move to
strikeout the words "conclusive evidence,"
so as to correspond with the amendment made
in the other section and make it prima facie
evidence of the right of the officer to make
the sale and of the regularity of his proceed-
ings.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I move to insert on
page 61, after the word "dollars" in line
eighty-one, the following:
And the team and wagon with proper harness and
tackle by which any teamster or laboring man
habitually earns bis living.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ItOSS. I move to insert in line seventy-
one the words "a homestead not exceeding in
value $1,000."
Mr. Chairman, this is a provision which has
been favored by the Legislatures of most of
the States in this Union. It prevails in my
own State and I think in most of the States,
and I know of no reason why, in collecting
duties in behalf of the Government of tho
United States, the same humane and just rule
should not prevail that has been adopted in
the various States. For my own part I am
not willing to give my sanction or my vote in
favor of depriving a family of their homestead
for any debt due to individuals or to the State or
national Governments. I hope, therefore, that
a provision of this sort will be incorporated
in the bill. It is just and wise and humane.
Mr. PILE. Are homesteads exempted.from.
sale for taxes in the State of Illinois ?
Mr. ROSS. Not for taxes upon the home-
stead, but from sale for all other duties. I do
not propose to exempt the homestead from sale
for taxes imposed on it by the United States
Government, but we have assessed no tax
whatever upon homesteads, and I trust we never
will impose such a tax in behalf of the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
This amendment is in accordance with the
wise and humane policy which has been inau-
gurated by the Legislatures of the different
States, and there is no good reason,_ in my
judgment, why on account of the misiortunes
of the husband and father, the homestead
should be taken from tho wife and children.
I hope my amendment will be adopted.
Mr. MAYNAltD. I would merely remark
that if a man has nothing but his homestead,
he will not be troubled at all, because he will
have no tax to pay. If he has other property
upon which to pay taxes, then the homestead
ought not to be exempted. I hope the amend-
ment will not prevail.
Mr. ROSS. I suggest to the gentleman
from Tennessee, that he might be an officer
of the Government of the United States and
have a tax assessed upon him which would
take the homestead from his family.
The question was taken on Mr. Boss's
amendment, and it was disagreed.
No further amendment being proposed to
the forty-eighth section, the next section was
read, as follows:
Sec. 49. And be it further enacted. That all tho
officers of internal revenue shall be, and hereby are,
authorized to perform ail the duties relating to tuo
assessment and collection of any direct taxes im-
posed, or which may be imposed, by law m all cases
whei e the payment of such tax hajnot been assumed
by the State, except within those districts n ithiii any
State whichliave been ormay bf.otl\ertwist„
provided for by law. But no direct .ta wl>t oe er
shall bo assessed or collected under tl is 0 J , „
act of Congress heretofore passed until Con^e^"^]
enact another law requiring such a' d
collection to be made; but thist be oonitnita
lev ed ufdet the4 icf entitled "An act .to provide
iicreied revenue from imports, to pay interest on.
