1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
511
statesmen, men educated in the Constitution
and laws, far better qualified by their previous
studies than I am to discuss a bill of this mag-
nitude.
I will merely remark that so far as this bill
is practicable for the immediate reconstruction
of the southern States I quite agree with the
honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] and the honorable gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Loan,] who has also submit-
ted a bill upon the subject, that this bill will
realize but very little of the speedy purpose
which they have proposed.
Sir, it seems to me, with alLdue respect to
the committee that reported it, that this bill is
mainly a bill to elect a President of the Uni-
ted States, and to so organize the southern
States as to elect a particular person to the
Presidency of the United States. In order to
give that particular person a sufficiency of
power to become President of the United
States he is made supreme dictator over the
ten southern States, a vast extent of territory,
stretching from the Potomac to the Rio Grande.
Now, if that be the object of this bill I can
well understaud it. And yet I do not see why
it is necessary in order to do that to violate
the Constitution of the United States, as this
bill does violate it, as I have shown in the
minority report which I have just presented.
In this purpose of settlinsr the question of the
Presidency of the United States and to settle
the conflict which is noivgoing on in the south-
ern States for the control of the national con-
vention it is proposed to invest the General of
the Army or his friends with such supreme
power over the southern States of this Union
in order that they can control the nomination
in the national convention by electing dele-
gates to that convention of their own prefer-
ence and creed. This seems to me to be the
great object of the bill.
The opponents of the nomination of the
General-in-Chief of the Army for the Presi-
dency are doubtless willing to concur in the
passage of this bill, reasoning in their own
minds that by giving him the dictatorship of
the country, by making him supreme over the
rights of property and of life, ot civil and
municipal law, by clothing him with such high
prerogatives and power, like those given to
lloman generals of old, he will be certain in
the exercise of them to commit suicide and
destroy himself. Thus both the friends and
the opponents of the nomination of the Gen-
eral-in-Chief have united in presenting this
bill here, though with purposes entirely differ-
ent. The latter favor it in order to secure his
destruction ; the former in order to enable his
friends to control the national convention and
thus secure his nomination.
But this bill presents a few immediate prac-
tical results beyond that of a mere presiden-
tial nomination, though in all other respects
it overrides the Constitution and laws of the
country in every and in any form. And if I
am correct in that suspicion, or in that alle-
gation, I put it to this House, I put it to the :
country, whether it becomes our dignity, the !
dignity and the honor of the House of Repre- !
sentatives, upon a bill so solemn in its form as
this, thus to engage in a presidential election
and settle the political difference between the
Chief Justice of the United States and the j
General of the Army of the United States. i
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire, Mr. Speaker,
to state as briefly as possible the provisions of j
this bill, and the grounds upon which we sus- !
tain it here, and hope to sustain it before the j
country.
No one, Mr. Speaker, can, if he would, evade
the conclusion that there is now in this coun-
try a great and powerful organization, always
talking about the sanctity of the Constitution,
but opposed to-day as it was opposed eight years ,
ago to the defense of that Constitution either i
by arms or by laws. I will not, sir, standing
in the presence as I do of the recorded facts of
the last seven years, be driven into any denial,
speeial or general, of the right of the people of
the United States to maintain their own Consti-
tution and Government both by arms and by
laws. That question has been settled by wager
of battle. It has been settled as well by the ballot
in the past, and in the current year 18G8 it is to
be settled 1 trust finally and forever in that great
conflict of the people which shall determine
who shall be intrusted with the executive power
of the United States, subject, nevertheless, to
the laws of the United States, and with the
legislative power of the organized people of
this country. It is useless, sir, for men to stop
to persuade anybody that this is not a mere
party contest between a Democratic party and
a Republican party. It is a contest, sir, dis-
guise it as men may, between the friends of
the Constitution and Government of the Uni-
ted States and its enemies, open or covert.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
could not, with all his ingenuity, in presenting
his minority report against this bill, fail to echo
the voice which comes back to us from the past,
the voice we heard seven years ago on this floor
declaring it was unconstitutional to interfere
with the sovereignty of the seceding States,
alleged to be supreme, and assuming the right-
ful authority to strike down the Constitution
on the one hand and strike down the rights of
the organized people of the country on the
other.
The words of the gentleman's report are ste-
reotyped. It was my privilege, sir, to stand on
th is floor this day seven years ago and hear pre-
cisely the utterance to which we have listened to-
day, when men were mustering in South Carolina
as men are mustering in South Carolina to-
day, against the supremacy of the Constitution
and the integrity of the Union, seizing ycfur
arms, seizing your treasure, seizing your ships,
seizing your citizens, charged and chargeable
with no crime save fidelity to the Constitution
of their country. The utterance of that day
was, it is unconstitutional to coerce seceding
sovereign States 1
It is a significant fact that the very Repre-
sentative from my own State who on that day
stood on this floor, and with an unction as fer-
vent as that which marks the utterance of the
gentleman to-day, declared after those acts
of secession, after those acts of public rob-
bery, after those acts of incipient treason, that
it was contrary to the genius and spirit of the
Constitution to coerce seceding States. The
gentleman who made that utterance that day
is now the accepted standard-bearer of the
party on whose behalf the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] speaks when he comes
with his apology for treason, saying that it
is unconstitutional to provide by law for carry-
ing into effect the written letter of the Consti-
tution.
When the contest had progressed from that
day, in January, 1861, until the whole land
was covered with armed men, until the whole
heavens were filled with blackness, until the hab-
itations of the land were filled with dead, and
it became necessary, in order that your coun-
try's defenders might be furnished the means
of shelter and transportation and defense, to
make a forced loan, the same gentleman [Mr.
Pendleton] arose in his place and declared
that it was unconstitutional to emit bills of
credit for the redemption of which stood
pledged by act of Congress the uncounted
wealth of the whole people of the United
States. Strange to say, when it suits his pur-
pose, the same gentleman, without any change
of that instrument, has the audacity to-day to go
before the people and proclaim his readiness,
provided his party be intrusted with the power,
to violate the Constitution in that behalf to the
extent of an issue of $2,000,000,000 at once of
bills of credit, redeemable never, and thereby
repudiate the obligations of the country, thus in-
curred of necessity and in defense of the nation's
life. It becomes such gentlemen to talk about
the Constitution, and to denounce as unconstitu-
tional the bill now under consideration, and by
which it is intended to aid the people speedily
to restore the shattered fabric of civil govern-
ment in the insurrectionary States.
This brings me to the consideration of the
first section of the bill, which I venture to say
is as clearly constitutional as any act ever
passed by the Congress of the United States.
Trusting, as I do, that in some form and in
substance that section will pass into law, I am
ot the opinion that it will be adjudged consti-
tutional by every judge upon your Supreme
Bench.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then why did you change
the court yesterday ?
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman need not
ask me why I changed the court yesterday. I
neither changed the court yesterday nor sought
to change it. I gave my reasons on the judi-
ciary bill yesterday ; and they were reasous
which had no relation to this section. I am
satisfied with the reasons then given for my
support of that bill, and they must furnish my
answer to the gentleman's question.
Mr. KERR. Will the gentleman yield ?
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman must ex-
cuse me. It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that
the framers of the Constitution could by no
possibility have employed language which
more clearly would have vested the power in
the Congress of the United States to enact this
section than that which they did employ. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] saw
fit to refer to a single section of the instrument
without referring to the other provisions of
the Constitution which expressly provide that
the very section to which reference was made
by him should be carried into execution by
act of Congress. The gentleman talks about
men learned in the law coming to the examina-
tion of this question. I venture to say that it
requires no profound learning to understand
that the Constitution of the United States has
expressly authorized the legislation which the
gentleman assails. It is patentrto the observa-
tion of every man in this country that it is the
first duty of the Congress of the United States
to enact the law, if the Constitution warrants
its enactment.
The gentleman referred to article four, sec-
tion four, of the Constitution of the United
States, which declares that the United States
Government shall guaranty to every State in
this Union a republican form of government,
and shall protect each of them against invas-
ion, and on application of the Legislature, or
of the Executive (when the Legislature cannot
be convened) against domestic violence. It is
utterly in vain that this guarantee is written
in ycur Constitution if that instrument has not
provided also for carrying the guarantee into
effect. Why, sir, it was said by a man who,
living, stood alone among living men, and
who, dead, sleeps alone in his tomb by the
sounding sea, fit emblem of the majesty of his
matchless intellect, that the Constitution does
not execute itself, but must be executed
through law enacted by the Congress of the
people, and enforced through the judicial and
executive departments of the Government;
first, by the silent power of public opinion ; the
voluntary acquiescence of the people: orsecond,
if resisted, by the might of the people's army.
That grant of power to carry this clause of
the Constitution into effect is plainly clearly
set forth in the Constitution, and in words so
simple that no right-minded man in America
can entertain any doubt upon the subject.
What is it, sir? In the very first article of the
Constitution gentlemen will find these words:
"The Congress shall have power to make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into
execution all powers vested Dy this Constitution in
the Government of the United States, or in any
department or officer thereof."
The power to guaranty a republican form of
government to every State in the Union is a
power vested in the United States. It is not
a power vested in any officer thereof. It is not
a power vested in any department thereof. It
is a power vested in the Government of the
United States. There stands the provision that
Congress shall have power to pass all laws
necessary and proper to carry into effect all
the powers vested by the Constitution in the
Government of the United States. This power
thus vested in the United States, as I had ocea-
