1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1895
This is a part of the question which the
Senator from Indiana asked me—
•' or any branch thereof not farther west than the one
hundredth meridian of west longitude, every alter-
pate section of land designated by odd numbers, for
ten sections in width on each side of said road, to
the pomt of intersection."
Mr. MORTON. What is the date of that
charter ?
Mr. CONKLING. I am reading from the
act of July 23, 18GG. I read further :
"But in case it shall appear that the United States
have, when the line of route of said road is definitely
nxed, sold any sootion or any part thereof granted as
aforesaid, or that the risht of preemption or home-
stead settlement has attached to the same, or that
the same has been reserved by the United States for
any purpose whatever, then it shall be the duty of
tho Secretary of the Interior to cause to bo selected
for the purpose aforesaid from the public lands of
the united States nearest to tiers of sections above
specified so much land, in alternate sections or parts
oi sections designated by odd numbers, as shall be
equal to such lands as the United States have sold,
reserved, or otherwise appropriated, or to whioh tho
rights of preemption or homestead settlement have
attached as aforesaid; which lands, thus indicated
by odd numbers and selected by direction of tho Sec-
rotary of the Interior as aforesaid, shall bo held by
the State of Kansas for the uso and purpose afore-
said.
Under this statute and under two other stat-
utes which I have not before me, my under-
standing is that this company, thus subsidized,
the moment the eastern division turned off
and went by the Smoky Hill Fork, became en-
titled to these sections of land falling within
their route, the route of the St. Joseph and
Denver City Company, all the way up to the
one hundredth meridian. I ask the Senator
from Kansas whether I am wrong in this?
Indeed I did ask him before, and he told mo
I was not.
Mr. POMEROY. No, I did not—not by
any means.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg the Senator's par-
don, then.
Mr. POMEROY, I said if this Central
Branch Company should abandon its right 
Mr. CONKLING. I submit to my friend
with groat candor that is not a fair way to
answer this question. I am not going to the
other question, whether they have abandoned
it or not.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I say directly that
they are not entitled to this land.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator this
question: is it not true, as it now stands by
the laws now in existence, that when the east-
ern division turned off down the Smoky Hill
Fork, in the absence of any other company
going on and constructing a railroad by the
Republican Fork, the St. Joseph and Denver
City Company became entitled to these lands 7
Is not that true?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. I believe the statute to
which the Senator from New York refers relat-
ing to the St. Joseph and Denver road is con-
temporaneous with the act, of 1866 allowing
the divergence to which he has alluded. How
could such a consequence follow two such acts
passed at the same time?
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, am I to
understand the two Senators, the Senator from
Michigan and the Senator from Kansas, to
deny this proposition, which I will state: the
eastern division being subsidized to go up the
Republican Fork fails to do so ; we will say,
for this purpose, is in default; the central
branch suppose that.it is. The St. Joseph and
Denver City road is granted alternate sections
between its two termini. Do the Senators deny
that, by law, alternate sections falling along
that route, the route of which I have last
spoken, and not received by tfre eastern divis-
ion railroad owing to their default, and not
received by any other company building a road
there, go into the possession of the St. Joseph
and Denver City Company?
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator wishes an
answer I am prepared to give it.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not think the two
subjects have any relation to each other. They
have nothing to do with the real question
before us.
Mr. CONKLING. I am very much obliged
to the Senator for that answer. That is a mat-
ter of argument of which Senators will judge
whether it has anything to do with the subject
or not. I am talking about a fact; and I cer
tainly do not wish to invite any information
which the Senator does not want to give. I
undertake to say that the eastern division, had it
gone up the Republican Fork, would have re-
ceived alternate sections there ; but it went
along the Smoky Hill Fork and received the
same quantity of lands and bonds upon that
route which it would have received upon the
other. My next statement is, that failing to
go upon the original route, and Congress hav-
ing provided for the St. Joseph and Denver
City road to occupy that route and given it the
lands in alternate sections, that company suc-
ceeds to those lands unless by the bill before
us we enact that the act of 1866 shall have the
effect of withholding those lands from the Den-
ver City road and giving them to the claimants
in this case. Thai is my proposition, and I
think the distinguished Senator from Kansas
will not deny what I say. I think he will not
deny that in tho absence of this bill the St.
Joseph and Denver City road takes these very
lands along its route as it approaches the Re-
publican Fork.
Now, let us see what the effect of this is to
be. The distinguished Senator from Michigan
said it had nothing to do with this question.
The St. Joseph and Denver City Company, as
things stand to-day, I say, have succeeded to
these lands. They have acted upon that idea;
their rights are fixed. Suppose by this bill we
transfer the lands from the Denver City Com-
pany to the Central Branch Pacific railroad:
will not the St. Joseph and Denver City Com-
pany come here, and, coming, will they not
have a most meritorious case ? They are not
in default. They are pressing their road for-
ward with the utmost diligence. They enlisted
under a charter which said they should have
alternate sections from two determined ter-
mini ; that they should begin at a point fixed
and run to tho one hundredth degree, making
a junction with the Pacific road ; and in doing
it should receive alternate sections, five in
width, on opposite sides of the road. What
are we to say to them when they come hero ?
Nothing, except that in 1860 Congress turned
another company, which had previously occu-
pied it by prospecting, off this route ; that Con-
gress, by a charter, in 1866, gave to the St.
Joseph road the right to go on and acquire
and possess these lands, and that now, in 1868,
we take up the subject and give to a company
which has been already subsidized for another
route these same lands, and do it by a bill the
form of which goes back and seizes upon the
identical lands lying along the route, in place
of turning them over to the chances of seeking
their lands somewhere else. Would that be
an answer satisfactory to the conscience and
judgment of the Senate against these other
claimants whom we are about to rob? I sub
mit that it would not.
Mr. President, by acts of Congress passed
in 1852, 1855, and 1862, the present claimants
have the right of way across the public domain
wherever they choose to carry their road. That
would be thought very valuable in the region
of country to which I am accustomed. They
have, in addition to that, according to my rec-
ollection, a grant of all sites necessary for
station-houses and erections of all kind—an-
other very valuable thing. And they have
already paid for, by their bonds and the Govern-
ment bonds, one hundred miles of road run-
ning through a region so populated and so
rapidly filling up that the Senator from Kansas
tells us that by purchase more than a million
acres of lands have been taken up, and taken
up so immediately upon the route itself as to
have prevented, when the rights of these claim-
ants accrued, their getting possession of them.
Now, sir, upon this whole case, as I under-
stand it, I infer several things:
First. That by law the present claimants
have no right whatever to the bonds and lands
sought in this bill.
Second. That if, in truth, a default had' oc-
curred or a contingency had arisen making
them "the successors of what was originally
granted to the eastern division Pacific Rail-
road Company, this bill asks for fifty or sixty
miles, whatever the distance may be between
the terminus of their present road and Junc-
tion City, for which nobody can pretend a sub-
sidy was ever granted to any human being.
Next. That, looking at,the equity of this case,
in place of being one of hardship, these par-
ties are already the recipients of a most mag-
nificent endowment, and that they are the
owners of a piece of property which, viewed
as an investment, before war prices and ex-
panded currency sent the ideas of men wild
with regard to interest and profits, would have
been sought after with avidity in any portion
of the commercial world.
Again, I infer that the quantity of bonds
and lands sought hero have been given once
and received once in the case of the eastern
division of the Pacific railroad, because the
act changing the route transferred to them
equivalent lands and equivalent bonds. The
lands have been given over again in the act to
■which I have referred to the St. Joseph and
Denver City Company, chartered to run a road
so nearly parallel with this that it approaches
it within twenty or thirty or forty miles, thus
disposing in point of public utility ef the whole
argument made by the distinguished Senator
from Maryland.
Again, as I understand the facts, the carry-
ing forward of their road from St. Joseph to
Denver City by the latter company gives to the
present claimants an opportunity far cheaper,
far better, brought many miles nearer home
to them, of making a connection at the one
hundredth meridian, than that opportunity
which they insist they have lost.
Besides, it is apparent to me from the facts,
as I understand them, that if we now interpose
and wrest from the St. Joseph and DenverCity
Company these lands, and bring them back
where they would have gone under the original
legislation, we clothe the company which we
thus divest with a claim for remuneration and
restitution which the conscience and judgment
of Congress will not be able to resist1.
Therefore, sir, I conclude that this case, so
far from being one of merit, so far from being
unanswerable in logic or irresistible in its ap-
peal in respect to hardship and equity, is a case
at least as naked as it would be if new parties
were to come here asking confessedly a new
grant to construct a road from Washington, if
that be the name of the western terminus of
the present one hundred miles, on to the one
hundredth meridian.
Mr. President, there is one other aspect of
this subject which I must present. I regret
that I have dwelt so long upon it; but it has
arisen chiefly from the interrogations of other
Senators ; I meant to be very brief. There are
now pending in the two Houses of Congress, I
venture to affirm, not fewer than sixty bills
proposing to grant lands and to give bonds to
western railway companies—Pacific railway
companies and companies seeking to be tribu-
tary to the Pacific railway. I have caused a
list to be made, which of course I do not pro-
pose to read, giving the number of such bills
pending in the House of Representatives intro-
duced during the present Congress up to some
four or five weeks ago; and up to that time in
the other House alone the number amounted
to forty-four. I have the titles of them in my
hand. In this body, I speak within limits
when I say that since the 4th of March, 1867,
at least twenty have been introduced. And
thus we have before us practically not only the
question whether as an act to be considered ab
initio, as I insist, a fresh proposal, we are to
give §2,500,000 to a railroad company and two
