1808.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
395
40xii Cong....2d Sess.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Washburn.
Ho. of Reps.
ever, and our fishermen have been in the habit j
of going there to fish every year. My friend
from Massachusetts shows in his report that
in 1866, before this treaty was made, there
were not less than twenty-three vessels, " ships,
barks, brigs, and schooners," up there engaged
in fishing.
Mr. PRUYN. May I make an inquiry of
the gentleman?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Yes, sir.
Mr. PRUYN. Do I understand the gen- i
tleman to say that in consequence of a general
provision of the treaty by which, when any
concession was made to any other Power, it
should apply to this country, although that
treaty with this country was a treaty for ten
years only, that general prevision is good for
all time to come?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I say no
such thing. This treaty of which I speak—
the treaty of 1832—has never been abrogated,
and never can be abrogated until a certain
notice has been given, which never has been
yet given. It is a good and valid treaty to-day;
and under that treaty we are entitled to all the
rights which they have granted to Great Britain
or to any other country.  
Mr. PRUYN. But it may be terminated.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It may
be terminated upon a given notice ; but it has
not yet been terminated, and there is no reason
to suppose that Russia, our best friend, ever
would have terminated it.
Mr. BLAINE. How does it affect other
treaties in relation to this territory which Rus-
sia has made with other Powers ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will
answer that question. Gentlemen who have
looked into this matter will have discovered
that when this treaty was first negotiated the
proposition was to pay only $7,000,000 ; that
was the original agreement. But Mr. Seward
insisted that it should be free from all incum-
brances; and Mr. Stoeckl agreed to that, and
then Mr. Seward said very mildly, without
inquiring what those incumbrances were, "I
will give you a couple of hundred "thousand
dollars in gold in addition if you will do so."
Of course Mr. Stoeckl agreed to take the
additional §200,000 in coin.
Now. I will tell you what those incumbrances
arc, and which are not yet removed, and which
cannot be removed. First, the treaty with
Great Britain, which cannot be abrogated for
ten years from 1859, and which gives them the
right to navigate these rivers forever.
Mr. BANKS. Allow me to correct the gen-
tleman.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. very
well.
Mr. BANKS. It is not provided by that
treaty that Great Britain shall have the right to
navigate the rivers of Russian America forever.
It provides that in relation to the rivers rising
in British Columbia and passing through this
portion of Russian America in front of British
Columbia the right of navigation shall be
secured to Great Britain. It is a right which
covers the Stikine only, and it is a right
which this country has claimed from its very
foundation ; that where a river takes its rise in
one country and passes through another coun-
try. the people of the country where the river
took its rise have the right to follow the river
to its mouth. ,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Well,
sir, if we have claimed somethng of the kind
the gentleman states, other nations have never
conceded it, but always refused it. Have we
the free navigation of the St. Lawrence, or any
other river which discharges itself outside of
our own territory ?
Mr. BANKS. The St. Lawrence does not
rise in our territory. _
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Where
then does it rise? But I beg leave to correct
the gentleman in regard to his geographical
statements, which are quite as wide of the mark
as most of his other statements. I state that
this provision does not apply to the Stikine river
only. I state that every river of any import-
ance in Alaska rises in British America, and
the British people have the right to navigate
those rivers forever. Ido notspeak at random,
as is so much the gentleman's habit, but I have
the map of Alaska before me, which shows that
every river of Alaska that is in any degree nav-
igable takes it rise in British America. By that
same treaty Sitka is guarantied to Great Britain
as a free port for the term of ten years. It is
a free port to-day for the Government of Great
Britain. Does the gentleman deny it? Yet
here he asks us to pay $7,200,000 in gold for
this territory before these incumbrances are
removed.
Mr. BANKS. The ten years will have ex-
pired next year.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Very
well; when the incumbrance is removed it
will be time enough to talk about paying this
money for it. And how do you propose to
remove the incumbrances on the rivers which
are made free to Great Britain forever ? The
sailors, traders, and fishermen of Great Brit-
ain have the right to-day to go into all the
interior waters of Alaska under this treaty;
just the same right that our people have.
Great Britain to-day has the same right on the
coast of Alaska that we have, except the mis-
erable privilege of governing the fifty, sixty,
or seventy thousand wretched savages there.
And yet the gentleman comes in here and
coolly asks us to vote $7,200,000 in gold for
this territory.
I assert that no incumbrance has been re-
moved for which you propose to pay $200,000
additional in gold. And the only possible
incumbrance that can be removed is one that
is said to consist of a franchise granted to an
ice company.
It is said there is an ice company on a little
island near the Island of Ivodiac, an ice com-
pany from San Francisco. That is the only
incumbrance that can possibly be removed, if
it be true that such company has any monopoly
there, of which I have seen no evidence. If
such company really has any monopoly there
I should like to be informed if that incum-
brance has been removed?
The charter of the Russian American Fur
Company expired in June, 1867, so that, was
not one of the incumbrances that Mr. Seward
had in contemplation.
The gentleman says there was no secrecy
about the treaty ; and he tells us with his usual
eloquence why this treaty was made. He says
that our citizens could not enter successfully
into competition with the people of Great
Britain and of Russia upon that coast. _ With
enterprise so peculiar to them they saw it was
necessary for them to have this country in order
to compete successfully with the citizens of
Great Britain and of Russia. Vt ell, sir, it is a
pity to destroy so much fine speaking and so
much fine writing as I find in this report. But
I tell you, sir, there was no such moving cause
in this matter. I say, as 1 have said hereto-
fore, that there was no American citizen on
this continent that had ever been so insane as
to propose that we should buy this territory.
No man had ever dreamed that it wa^ neces-
sary to our salvation, as the gentleman from
Massachusetts now declares it to be. I can
state the whole origin of this matter. A cer-
tain person who describes himself as a native
of Prince Edward's IslandintheBritish domin-
ions, who had been fishing down on the coast
of Maine aud catching cod, and hai experi-
enced the effect of your beneficent fishing bounty
laws, went to the Territory of Washington and
got passed by the Legislature of that ierritoij
a memorial. I have lived in a Territory and
I have lived in a State, and I know it is a very
easy matter to get a memorial through a Legis-
lature for almost any purpose. Ali_ that was
necessary was for Mr. McDonald, this gentle-
tleman from Prince Edward's Island, to go
before the Legislature and ask the passage of
that memorial. But, sir, had that,memorial
proposed the purchase of Valrussia, easy aa
it is to get memorials passed Mi'. McDonald
would have been hooted out of the capital of
that Territory. That Legislature did not dream
of such a thing.
It appears from the document sent us by the-
Secretary of State that Mr. McDonald was.
the father of this memorial. The memorial
asked for three things, namely .* first, to send
some of our naval ships up there to explore
for fishing banks; second, that they alight
have the benefit of the fishing bounty laws ;
and third, that certain privileges might be
sought from Russia.
Mr. MYERS. The gentleman has said that
we already had the privilege of landing and
of curing fish. I would like him to tell us
whether the memorial to which he has referred
did not ask the Government to procure from
Russia that very privilege? . .
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Yes, sir;
I have said that, and_ say it again, and defy
any man to gainsay it, that we already had
these privileges. The man who got up that
memorial was ignorant of the fact that we
already, had those privileges. If we did not
exercise them it was no fault of Russia, but
the fault of the climate where it rains three
hundred days in the year, and where to euro
fish is simply impossible. Mr. McDonald was
also ignorant of the further fact that our fish-
ing bounty laws had been repealed long before
the passage of this memorial.
I find in this document, No. 177, two letters
from Mr. McDonald, the father of this memo-
rial. I cannot take time to read them ; but
they disclose clearly the milk in his cocoa-nut.
First, he was after fishing bounties, and next
he tells Secretary Welles that it will be neces-
sary to have a large fleet on that coast since
! the purchase of Alaska, and that he has on
' Puget sound just the place for a naval station,
which he would be glad to dispose of to the
Government.
Now, sir, I have said that this treaty was
negotiated in secret. I say it was negotiated
in such a manner that the Representatives of
the people might not know of it, as it was justly
feared they would protest against it. The
negotiation was carried on here while we were
in session in March, 1867. Mr. Stoeckl, on
the 25th of March, 1867, said to Mr. Seward
that he would accept his proposition. The
trade was closed between them, but they kept
it a profound secret until our adjournment-
Why? This House adjourned on the 30th of
March, 1867, at twelve o'clock. On the same
day was signed this treaty in Washington. I
believe that signatures were withheld until after
our adjournment that no remonstrance could
be heard from the Representatives of the
people.
I wish I had time to answer every proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts at
length; but I cannot follow him in his flights
of fancy. He pictured Alaska as the finest
country upon the face of the earth. He de-
clared solemnly there was no country oil tne
face of God's earth which could support as many
industries as Alaska. He said it would support
one million people in more industries than any
other country. He told us it was a magnificent
agricultural country. If gentlemen would like
through the eye to have aa idea of this tern to rv
of Alaska they can look upon a photograph of
Sitka which I have here, the most favorable place
upon the coast. [Here Mr. Uashbuiis" held
up a large photograph.] They have estab-
lished themselves on various places, but hnd
finally to give tliem up and confine them-
selves to Sitka. We have testimony that there
are not a dozen acres of arable land in the neigh-
borhood of Sitka, yet we are told by the Com-
i missioner of the General Land Ofiice that taei o
i arc twelve million acres of aiublo wild in
