1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3943
Immediacy following this the whole of
said cotton was taken possession of by Captain
Samuel Lappin, assistant quartermaster ot
volunteers in charge of steamboat and water
transportation at Mobile, and who was on duty
shipping captured cotion from that port under
the authority of the military commander and
the supervising special agent of the Treasury
Department. As soon as claimants were in-
formed that their cotton was being loaded on
vessels to be shipped away they remonstrated
with Captain Lappin, and showed to him that
their cotton was private property, brought to the
city under a safe conduct from General Granger,
and stored and to be protected under the permit
and order of that officer, who was then absent
from the city. Captain Lappin stated in reply
that when he loaded the cotton he supposed it
was a portion of that captured, and that as it
was now mostly loaded he would furnish them
with a bill of lading on the part of the United
States, and they could proceed to New York,
claim the cotton, and the agent there would
undoubtedly turn it over to them. Accord-
ingly, claimants procured insurance on the
same, paying premium of $4,000 therefor, and
proceeded to New York and claimed the
amount as stated in their bill of lading. The
Secretary of the Treasury declined to turn
over the cotton to them at once, but had it
stored in warehouses, when claimants again
procured insurance on it, and awaited the final
action of the Secretary. And finally the cot-
ton was ordered to be sold, and the proceeds
thereof to be separately accounted for; so
that the claim could be more easily adjusted
after it was thoroughly investigated.
The committee, after citing the testimony of
General Granger as to the title to the cotton
and his own action concerning it, say that the
voluminous evidence submitted shows conclu-
sively that few men suffered greater indignities
and fiercer persecution on account of their
loyalty to the United States than these claim-
ants, and few did more to aid the cause of the
Union than they. Every sacrifice seems to
have been endured by them but the actual sub-
mission to the attempted coercion of marching
in rebel ranks. Imprisoned and threatened
with death, the halter prepared to facilitate
that dread event, the age and feebleness of the
parties, became their only protection. Their
fortunes mostly confiscated and destroyed, the
remnants of all they possessed are found in
the nine hundred and twenty-five bales of cot-
ton here in question. Now upward of seventy
years of age, the claimants have neither hope
for the future nor means of subsistence for the
present, except in the justice of their Govern-
ment, to which they appeal to restore to them
their own and their all.
Under these circumstances, and from the
considerations which follow, the Committee of
Claims, after a most careful examination, have
unanimously agreed to recommend the passage
of the bill, restoring to claimants the value of
the cotton taken and sold, deducting the
charges and expenses of the United States as
found and stated at the Treasury Department.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do
pass.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move that the committee do now rise.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
will not insist on that motion. We may as
well go through the Calendar.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Well,
I withdraw the motion.
captain a. g. olivar.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1366) for the relief of Captain A.
G. Olivar.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Captain A. G. Olivar,
out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of $2,010, being
the full amount that the said Olivar had stolen
from him the 13th of May, 1861, which was
Government funds.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do
dent, vantine and company.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1374) for the relief of Dent, Yan-
tine_ & Co., for provisions furnished to the
Indians in California during the years A. D.
1851 and 1852.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to pay to Dent, Vantine & Co.
for provisions furnished to the Indians in Cal-
ifornia during the years 1851 and 1852, the
sum of $25,327 30; and appropriates that
amount for the purpose out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. WINDOM. I hope not. I hope this
claim which has been hanging here for a year
or two will now be considered.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I hope we shall hear
something about this bill before we rise.
The question was taken on Mr. Kelsey's
motion; and it was agreed to—ayes 27,noes 18.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Eldridge re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole House
had had under consideration the bills on the
Private Calendar, and had directed him to
report to the House, with the recommendation
that they do pass, the bill (S. No. 307) for the
relief of certain Government contractors, the
bill (H. R. No. 1320) for the relief of L. Merch-
ant & Co., and Peter Rosecrantz, and the bill
(H. R. No. 1366) for the relief of Captain A. G.
Oliver.
union pacific railroad.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of the Interior, transmitting, in compliance
with the resolution of the House of the 9th in-
stant, a copy of General Dodge's report to the
President of the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany ; which was referred ,to the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I call
for the previous question on the bills just
reported from the Committee of the Whole.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
contractors for ir0n-clads.
The bill (S. No. 307) for the relief of certain
Government contractors, was ordered to a third
reading ; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed: and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
l. merchant and co. p. rosecrantz.
The bill (H. R. No. 1320) for the relief of
L. Merchant & Co. and Peter Rosecrantz, was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time ;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
captain a. g. oliver.
The bill (H. R. No. 1366) for the relief of Cap-
tain A. G. Oliver, was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the House now
take its recess.
The motion was agreed to ; and the House
(at four o'clock and fifteen minutes p. in.) took
a recess till half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m., and was called to order by the
Speaker, who announced the business in order
to be bills and reports from the Committee on
Military Affairs.
purchase of alaska.
Mr. ORTH, Mr. BLAIR, and Mr. CUL-
LOM obtained leave to have printed as part
of the debates, speeches on the bill (H. R.No.
1096) making an appropriation of money to
carry into effect the treaty with Russia of March
10, 1867. [See Appendix.]
colorado militia.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back a letter of the
Secretary of War, transmitting a statement of
the settlement of the accounts of the Colorado
militia for 1864 and 1865, and moved that it
be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
subsistence department.
Mr. GARFIELD also, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported adversely upon
joint resolution (H. li. No. 13) authorizing
the subsistence department to furnish sutler's
goods; which was laid on the table.
sutlers in the army.
Mr. GARFIELD also, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported adversely upon a
resolution relative to reestablishing the office
of sutler in the Army; which was laid on the
table.
military road in the territories.
Mr. GARFIELD also, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported adversely upon
the bill (H. R. No. 758) to reopen the military
road over the Cceur d'Alene mountains ; which
was laid on the table.
fort riley military reserve.
Mr. GARFIELD also, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported adversely upon a
concurrent resolution of the Legislature of the
State of Kansas memoralizing Congress for a
donation of a portion of Fort Riley military
reserve; which was laid on the table.
transportation of military supplies.
Mr. GARFIELD also, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported adversely upon
the bill (H. R. No. 406) to facilitate the trans-
portation of United States supplies and prevent
the loss of United States property in New Mex-
ico ; which was laid on the table.
Mr. GARFIELD also, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported adversely upon a
bill (H. R. No. 404) to facilitate and cheapen
the transportation of military supplies in Kan-
sas, Colorado, and New Mexico; which was
laid on the table.
indian affairs in texas.
Mr. GARFIELD also, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported adversely upon
the petition of J. M. Comparet, of Fredericks-
burg, Texas, late colonel one hundred and
forty-third Indiana infantry, in relation to the
condition of Indian affairs in that State, and
asking for military protection ; which was laid
on the table.
claims of colored soldiers.
Mr. GARFIELD also, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported adversely upon a
bill (H. R. No. 635) in relation to claims of
colored soldiers; which was laid on the table.
wagon-road in new mexico.
Mr. GARFIELD also, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported adversely upon
the bill (H. R.-No. 708) to construct a wagon-
road from Cimarron to Virginia City, New
Mexico ,* which was laid on the table.
troops for arizona.
Mr. GARFIELD also, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported adversely upon
the memorial of the Legislative Assembly of
the Territory of Arizona, asking that the Gov-
