396
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 1,
Ho. or Beps.
Purchase■ of Alaska—Mr. Washburn.
40th Gons....2d Sess.
Alaska. He lias no information of his own,
and yet he undertakes to instruct us and make
statements that have no foundation whatever.
He has written a letter containing an "infinite
deal of nothing.'' He has no authority for any-
thing he says. There is not one grain of wheat
in this bushel of chaff. He talks of deposits
of gold. I defy any living man upon the face
of the earth to produce any evidence that an
ounce of gold was ever extracted from the ter-
ritory of Alaska.
Sir, I do not bring in here any such kind of
testimony as this afforded by Wilson, and
which the friends of the treaty seemed to
regard as their trump card. I bring you official
reports. I am not compelled to go out hunt-
ing for adventures from which to manufacture
testimony to prove that Alaska is a vile coun-
try. NO) sir, I quote official documents. Mr.
Wilson has volunteered his service on this
matter. I believe he has lately been made for
this service or some other a doctor of philoso-
phy. Now, Dr. Wilson sends us a letter. I
will not criticise as I think it deserves, but
the mildest thing I can say, and that I must
say or not discharge my duty, is that there is
not a word of truth in that letter from begin-
ning to end. I defy Mr. Wilson or any other
man to substantiate any statement in that let-
ter. Mr. Robert J. Walker quotes Mr. Wilson
to prove how much arable land is there, and
the great value of the country in other respects.
We have Wilson quoting Blodgett, Walker
quoting Wilson, and between them all we have
not a solitary fact that can be traced to any
reliable source. I am not going to quote any
such kind of testimony as that. I have testi-
mony here that is reputable and from a reli-
able source, to which I must invite your atten-
tion.
Now, sir, I will not go back to the time of
the early explorations and show you the opin-
ions of those explorers in regard to Alaska. It
would take more time than is allowed me. But,
sir, they all bear the same testimony. And it is
not testimony of the character of the gen tleman' s
friend from Idaho, formerly from Alaska, who
found a tree there three feet in diameter lying
upon the ground, overgrown by another tree
of about the same size, and yet the first tree
was as sound as when it was standing in the
forest. That is the kind of statement the
gentleman from Massachusetts asks us to re-
ceive ; and yesterday when I asked him where
he found his facts, he turned to me with appa-
rent indignation, as though I was asking what
I had no right to have answered, and said,
"The gentleman would not believe though
one should rise from the dead." Is that the
way to treat a question of this sort? Sir,
these are substantial questions, and if the gen-
tleman has got any testimony I want him to
produce it. When I asked him to show where
there was any gold, he read a statement from
some Frenchman fifteen years ago, who had
never been there, but reasoning from anal-
ogy, because there was gold in Siberia, he
said there was no doubt gold, silver,,dia-
monds, rubies, amethysts, sapphires, and every-
thing precious on or in the earth would be found
in Alaska. But, sir, none of these things have
ever been found, and I defy any man in this
House or on the face of the earth to produce
any testimony that the precious metals have
ever been found there.
[Here the hammer fell.]
_ Mr. BLAINE. _ I move that the gentleman's
time be extended indefinitely.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous
consent.
Mr. PETERS. Will the gentleman - allow
me to state a fact ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Yes,sir;
I am in pursuit of knowledge.
Mr. PETERS. I desire to state a fact bear-
ing upon the argument in relation to the use
of rivers. The St. John river is the boundary
line between Maine and New Brunswick for
about one hundred miles. Its largest tribu-
taries rise in our State. Great Britain never
acknowledged, and we never had the use of
the lower waters of that river until the treaty
of 1842, in which we bought the qualified use
of that stream by giving up a very large_ area-
of territory belonging to the State of Maine.
Mr. BLAINE. We parted with $15,000,000
worth of land, and the Government of the
United States gave us $150,000 for it.
Mr. PETERS. We have not got it yet, but
expect it in an appropriation bill from the
Senate to-morrow.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I was
aware of the fact stated by my friend from
Maine, and it only proves what I have before
asserted as the usages of other nations. Great
Britain has the right to forever navigate the
rivers of Alaska, though you pay Russia
$200,000 to be clear of that incumbrance.
Now, my friend from Massachusetts gets up
here and coolly tells us, and from the earn-
estness with with which he appeals to the
House gentlemen will give him credit for the
sincerity of his declarations, that there are
over twelve million acres of arable land in
Alaska, and that it is capable of sustaining^ a
thrifty and happy population of over one mil-
lion freemen. Now, sir, without resorting
to that kind of testimony that he has brought
in, I have official documents from St. Peters-
burg of a date no longer ago than August last.
Mr. Seward, dear soul, in his simplicity of
heart, wrote to Mr. Clay to ascertain what sys-
tem of disposing of lands prevailed in Alaska.
Well, Mr. Clay submitted that letter to the
Russian Cabinet, and I think I see them read-
ing it, and they must have had a very jolly time
of it at the expense of the Secretary of State.
Here is the answer they gave. The following
is the title of the paper, and it is sign ed
" Kostliotzov, Actual State Counselor: "
Translation of the Russian memorandum marked A A.
by 8. N. Buynitzky.
"Explanatory memorandum in answer to the com-
munication of the ministrj1 of foreign affairs, depart-
ment of interior relations, dated August 31,1867, No.
5790, pursuant to the communication .addressed by
Hon. W. H. Seward, Secretary of State, August 6,
1867, to St. Petersburg, to the American envoy near
the impeiial court."
After alluding to the question submitted, the
counselor goes on to say:
"The native population of each separate island is
so insignificant that the inhabitants of any (ine could
not meet vvif.li the slightest cause of collision of
interest in the use of lands; in addition to this, the
soil itself being perfectly barren and unlit eithor
for agricultural or grazing purposes, there was no
reason why the natives should endeavor to extend
the limits of their lands." *■ * *
"There was even less ground for the enactment
of any particular regulations in view of immigrant
settlers. Who can ever have a mind to settle in that
country, where permanent logs and dampness of
atmosphere and want of solar heat and light, leaving
out ol the Question anything like agriculture, make
it impossible to provide even a sufficient supply of
hay for cattle, and where man, from want of bread,
salt, and meat, to escape scurvy mast constantly live
upon fish, berries, shell-fish, sea-cabbages, and other
products of the sea, soaking them profusely with the
grease of sea beasts. The Aleutian Islands may at-
tract transient traders, but no permanent settlers:
to inhabit them one mu t be an Aleute; and if it
were not for the sea surrounding the islands, this
country, owing to its unfavorable climatic conditions
and the sterility of its ground, would have never been
inhabited at, all; and, therefore, the American Gov-
ernment will have, as the Russian Impeiial Govern-
ment-had, to protect the local natives against arbi-
trary taking of possession and violence, not in the
Ulterior of the islands, but from sea, because unspar-
ing foreigners, prompted by avaricious hope of easy
temporary gain, will, before all, endeavor to take
advantage of the local population, which, being
scarce, and rather fond of strong drink, will not long
resist temptation, and shall perish, together with all
those branches of trade for which islanders alone are
fit, and particularly the Aleutes, these ancient, per-
manent, and practiced inhabitants of the ocean."
This is the paradise which we heard depicted
in such eloquent terms yesterday, and I was
almost led to believe that the generally received
account we have that the Garden of Eden was
on the green banks of the Euphrates was a
mistake, and that the paradise of our first
parents was really on "Oonalaska's shore.''
But the counselor goes on to state further
in regard to the continent:
"Such is, in general features, the character of the
Russian American continent. From all wnat we
said it clearly appears that in this region no at-
tempts were ever made, andno necessity ever1occurred
to introduce any system of land-ownership ; the
country occupied by savages is too vast; they use to
camp in certain fit places,generally marked by mount-
ains, rivers, and streams, each having its name, but
no fixed boundaries whatever, and their migrations
are guided by wild instinct and unbounded will. Ail
this region has neither past nor present, and it may
be confidently said of the future, that it is tar and
impenetrable."
This is the delightful country where a million
of freemen are to settle.
Mr. BLAINE. Who wrote that ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. A mem-
ber of the Russian Cabinet.
Mr. BLAINE. Was it before pr after the
bargain for the purchase was made ?
Mr. WASHBOIiN, of Wisconsin. After the
bargain was made. He goes on:
"Every attempt of civilizing that country will
stumble against unconquerable obstacles; the com-
plete abbence of local topography, the wild character
of tho savages, and no less wild character of nature;
but, above all, the rigor and inconstancy of climate.
To achievo any good results tor the future of that
country, by means of conquest and violence, would
hardly bo possible; to drive the savages further into
the interior of the American continent, however
difficult, would be possible; but this plan will be
connoeted with irrecoverable money and material
losses; the more so, that a civilised population will
never be attracted to that country; there can be ex-
pected speculators, but no permanent settlers; there
can be expected no civilized population, no perma-
nent industry, but rather spoliators of tho natives,
and depredatory working out of the riches as welt on
the surface as in the womb of the earth. Such sys-
tem can devastate, but not organize the country."
This is what the acting counselor at St.
Petersburg says of it. And this is the country
which the gentleman from Massachusetts is so
eloquent in praise of, and which he says is
worth a thousand times the amount we have
paid for it.
Again he says:
" To civilize the savages would seem to be a surer,
although a more difficult, way of turning to account
the country and its population. Thiscould be effected
by two means, working at the same time; by ac-
quainting the natives with objects of material com-
fort and luxury, as, for instance, the use of bread,
tea, and wearing ornaments, and by imparting to
thorn religious instruction; but, to this last end, mis-
sionaries familiar with the local dialects are wanted.
This system was lately adopted by the Russian Amer-
ican Company for the colonies nearest to the port
of New Archangel, and although a decisive result
was not yet attained, a visible progress in the inter-
course with thenativeswas effected,so that Caloshes,
one of tho most savage and unyielding tribes, came
to work in New Archangel, a fact which never hap-
pened before."
Well, I must pause. I have read enough to
show you the opinion they have of this coun-
try at St. Petersburg. There is much more
of the same sort. And yet Mr. Blodgett vol-
unteers to say that there are twelve million
acres of arable land there an£ Mr. Wilson
sends in that statement, taking good care not
to indorse it, but leaving us to infer that lie
does so.
Now, I wish to call attention to the machin-
ery that has been brought to bear to carry this
treaty through.
Mr. RAUM. May I ask the gentleman
whether the description he has just read of
the Aleutian Islands will apply to the whole
coast ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It applies
to the whole country, only more so.
Mr. RAUM. It is a fair description of the
whole purchase?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Yes;
the description applies to the whole country.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Before?
the gentleman passes from the agricultural
capabilities of this territory I desire to ask him
a question. I understood the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Baxks] to say that he did
not rely for his case ou human testimony but
upon the immutable laws of Nature.
Mr. BANKS. My statement was that we
had evidence of the value of this territory
