1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
39T
40th Cong-....2d Sess.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Washburn.
Ho. oi? Reps.
apart from human witnesses, and we were not
obliged to rely on what men said in regard to it.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Well,
that is only introductory to a question which I
propose to ask, and that is this: in view of the
meteorological table embodied in the report of
the gentleman from Massachusetts himself,
showing that during the summer months it
rains about twenty-three days in every month.
I ask is not that condition of things entirely
at war with the idea of any agricultural capa-
bilities, and this by the law of nature?
Mr. BANKS. The testimony of our own
citizens who have gone to the territory since
the purchase is conclusive and irresistible in
regard to its agricultural capabilities.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Mr.
Chairman, I shall come to that directly. I
agree with the gentleman from Massachusetts,
that the testimony of the persons who have
visited that coast since the purchase is irresisti-
ble in regard to agricultural capabilities, and
fally sustains what I have said. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts stood up here and
stated to the House that according to the best
authority there were twelve million acres of
arable laud in Alaska. Now I ask the gen-
tleman whether Colonel Bulkley is good
authority?
Mr. BANKS. He is good authority.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will
refer to his testimony in a moment. The
southern boundary of Alaska is 54° 40/. From
that point north to Mount St. Elias, a distance
of three hundred miles, Russia owned a strip
of land only thirty miles wide. On the whole
of this narrow strip there are not a hundred
acres of arable land. Sir George Simpson
states that in passing from the southern border
up to Sitka he could not find in the whole dis-
tance level ground enough for the establish-
ment of a fort. So it is until you get up to
Mount St. Elias, which is in latitude CO® or a
little more. Now, sir, Colonel Bulkley, who
my friend from Massachusetts says is good
authority, says:
" North of Bristol bay all hopes of successful agri-
culture must be abandoned. The soil only thaws to
the depth of about nine inches, below which we have
dug twenty feet through, the ice of ages without find-
ing its limit."
Nearly all of Alaska is north of the latitude
of Bristol bay, except the peninsula, which is
known to be composed of rocks or almost
inaccessible mountains. According to this
report, which the gentleman from Massachu-
setts says is a truthful one, there is no agri-
cultural land north of Bristol bay, and if you
look at the map you will see that there is very
little land south of Bristol bay, agricultural
or otherwise.
But, sir, I desire to call the attention of the
committee to the influences that have been
brought to bear to induce this House to vote
this appropriation. It dates back to the time
when the treaty was first negotiated. I believe
I state nothing more than the fact when I say
that the Secretary of State did not act entirely
upon his own judgment when he bought this
territory. I believe the fact to be that when
he conceived the idea of purchasing it he^ tel-
egraphed to General Halleek, at San I* raneisco,
to inquire of him how much it would do to pay
for Alaska, and General Halleek replied that
it would answer to pay from five to ten mil-
lion dollars. Mr. Seward thought it would not
be quite right to offer the smallest sum ; so he
split the difference and offered^S",0OG;000.
The treaty having been negotiated, it became
necessary to get it through the Senate; and
the first piece of machinery ia a telegram from
General Halleek, as follows:
San Francisco. California, April 4,1867.
Hon. Edwim M. Stanton, Secretary of War:
1 learn from a gentleman who has recently visited
many parts of Russian America that its value is
greater than has been supposed. The rejection of
the treaty will cause Kreat dissatisfaction on this
coait, especially in California. .
II. W. 11ALLKCK, Major General.
This dispatch was instantly made public here
to operate on the Senate. It will be observed
that he says that its rejection would cause great
dissatisfaction in California. How could he
know that? No man in California or Wash-
ington not behind the scenes knew that aay
such scheme was on foot on the 4th day of
April, the date of his dispatch. Yet imme-
diately after the treaty had been negotiated,
and while it was pending before the Senate,
General Halleek telegraphs that the Califor-
nia coast is immensely anxious that this treaty
should be ratified. Now, sir, there is no evi-
dence produced that any desire for this acqui-
sition existed on the Pacific coast, either at
the time the treaty was negotiated or now. A
leading Republican paper of California, one
of the ablest if not the ablest in the State, the
Sacramento Union, as late as November last
speaks of the treaty in very contemptuous
terms, calls Alaska a terra incognita, and
says:
"That persons well informed as to Alaska are un-
grateful enough to hint that we could have bought
a much superior elephant in Siam or Bombay for one
hundredth part of the money, with not a ten thou-
sandth part of the expense incurred in keeping the
animal in proper condition."
Well, the treaty was ratified. The next
piece of machinery was another telegram from
General Halleek; and this bears upon the agri-
cultural question. Two days before we met
last November General Halleek sends a tele-
gram on here stating that it is very necessary
to have the land surveyed upon the peninsula
of Kenay, as agricultural settlers would be
going there. Of course, this dispatch was not
intended to have any effect upon Congress,
which was to meet two days thereafter. But
the importance of having these lands surveyed
at once and in mid-winter, in latitude 65°, in
the interests of agriculture, could not be over-
looked or the information wait the slow pro-
gress of the mails. For the benefit of the
agriculturists who are invited to Cook's inlet
and Prince William's sound by the general com-
manding on the Pacific coast, I will set before
them the entertainment to which they are
invited. I quote from the report of Professor
Davidson:
"Tebenkoff (1848) gives a dark picture of the appear-
ance and climate of Prince William's sound, calling
it desolate, gloomy, and deserted,- surrounded by
rocks and pine forest?, mountains covered with
eternal snow, and enveloped in perpetual fog or
invisible with drizzling rain. Rain fails sometimes
for a whole month; and there are not more than
sixty or ninety sunny days in the year. During the
months of July and August the thermometer showed
59° on fair days and 40° on rainy days. The frost m
winter is very severe, but of short duration, for the
south winds change it suddenly to thaw and rain."
The peninsula of Kenay is between Cook's
inlet and Prince William's sound, and is the
land which General Halleek wants to have sur-
veyed in the interest of agriculture; and they
all concede that this laud thus described by
Tebenkoff is the best land they have in the
territory.
The gentleman from Massachusetts spoke of
the correspondence that had been written from
Alaska. He said we would be charmed with
it if we could read it. Mr. Seward has sent
us this correspondence, and it is bound up in
this volume. In my report I took occasion to
quote from a correspondent of the Alta Cali-
fornian ; and in consequence Mr. Robert J.
Walker has seen fit to attack ine in the article
to which I have already referred, denouncing
me as guilty of " vulgarity and blasphemy."
The quotation which I made and which so
excited this irritable little gentleman was from
the Alta Californian—a part of the correspond-
ence which the gentleman from Massachusetts
says we would all be charmed to read—one of
the letters which Mr. Seward sent to this House.
If it was fit for Mr. Seward to send to this
House, certainly it was fit for me to incorpo-
rate in a report without subjecting myself to the
charge of blasphemy.
As the gentleman from Massachusetts says
that this correspondence is "charming," and
as Mr. Seward has thought it fit to lay it before
this House, I will accept any censure that the
public may visit upon me for having quoted one
of these correspondents in my report. The
correspondence which I .quoted I again quote,
that all except Mr, Walker may be equally
charmed with the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. In quoting it I will say that I in no way
indorse the form of expression of the honest
Celt, though it is difficult to see how a more
forcible expression could be made in regard to
the country in so small a compass. It is from
the correspondent of the Alta Californian, and
is dated Sitka, October 25, 1867, and is found
in Executive Documents before named:
"Meanwhile the weather has been unremittingly
dubious. It was well the ceremonies of the transfer
were held immediately on the arrival of tho commis-
sioners. Since then there has not been an hour of
pleasant weather. In a word, reader, Sitka is the
region of incessant storms, dripping forests, dank
masses,densemud, and driftingmists. TherePluvius
reigns with undisputed sway. It is the paradise of
ducks and sea-gulls, of salmon andshell-fish. Three
Arizona miners, disgusted with the aridity of that
sunny region, and yearning for the sight of a cloud,
if no bigger than a man's hand, decided last June to
cometoSitka. Theyarrived justintime to enjoy the
delightful humidity of August, therainfall averaging
about an inch daily. The desire of their souls has
been satisfied. This opens the way for me to say a
few things upon the subject of
meteorology.
"We havenow been hereseventeen days. Of those,
one was sunny, two cloudy, without rain, seven par-
tially, and seven constantly rainy. According to the
Russian meteorological tables, the average amount
of rain falling the past fourteen yearshas been eighty-
five and two third inches annually, a little less than
Senator Sumseb's figures. May, June, July, Janu-
ary, and February are the dryest months. All the
rest are rainy, and August. October, December, and
March intensely so. According to the measurement
of Mr. Treskovsky, of the Russian observatory, over
twenty-one inches of rain fell during last August.
On the 26th of that month he reports a fall of three
inches. When thesun does break through the clouds
it is laughable to see tho cattle, dogs, cats, and liens,
as well us humans, seek the brief sunshine, and bask
in its transient warmth.
"These constant rains are especially annoying to tho
soldiers. Since the transfer of the territory they
have been detailed from the steamer, twenty-five at
a time, to serve on guard about town. Returning
last night, after a four hours'endurance of thepitiless
storm, one honest Celt, as he came dripping from the
boat up the gangway, vented his indignation by
exclaiming, ' Be Jasus, who bought this country? It
wasn't me!'"
Mr. Chairman, I am astonished that the
gentleman has not alluded to any of the author-
ities in this book. I make no statement I
cannot give the chapter and verse for. I do
not ask you to take my word, or the manufac-
tured testimony of adventurers picked up on
the street. I'consult the official documents
sent here by the State Department. In Decem-
ber last I called for information as to what
the State Department knew about this country.
In answer they sent us this book. It shows
that at the time they negotiated this treaty
they absolutely knew nothing about Russian
America. After the treaty was negotiated
Captain Howard, of the revenue service, was
sent up to explore. He was told to look for
fishing banks, for coal, and for precious metals.
I have his report here. It is lengthy, and I
shall not be able to quote from it to any extent.
Captain Howard, according to instructions,
proceeded to San Francisco, and in the steam
revenue-cutter Lincoln sailed for Sitka and
Russian America on the 20th of July. On the
30th they arrived at what they supposed was
the southern extremity of the territory. Cap-
tain Howard says in his first report, dated
Sitka, August 17, 1867 :
"Being aware that this was almost unknown terri-
tory, it was necessary, in order to work understand-
ingly, to determine the boundary line. Finding tnaM
it was also the desire of Professor Pierce and Air.
Davidson to observe for that object here, i readiiy
consented.
" Having remained six days without the least pros-
pect of obtaining a sight at the sun or stars, we, on
the 10th, at daylight, steamed for Fort Simpson into
Chatham straits, through Dixon passage, en route
outside to Sitka. It was our desire to verify the
headlands of Prince of Wales, Kon, and Banonoff
Islands, this passage being oar boundary, in accord-
ancowith the treaty between England and Russia.
