1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
as required by this act. They shall receive
such compensation for their services as maybe
determined by the Secretary of the Treasury,
not exceeding ten dollars per day for each com-
missioner.
Mr. MAYNARD. It seems to me that in
forming this commission one member of the
commission should be an Army officer, for
reasons that I suppose will be obvious to every
one.
Mr. GARFIELD. I think that is a good
suggestion.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest that the
commission should consist of two persons, who
are not citizens of the State of New York, and
that there should be associated with them an
Army officer of a grade not lower than colonel,
to bo.detailed by the Secretary of War.
Mr. KETCHAM. This bill is very similar
to acts heretofore passed in relation to the
States of Missouri and West Virginia. It makes
no appropriation of money, but simply appoints
a commission to examine the war claims of the
State of New York.
Mr. SPALDING. I think the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] had better
waive his point. The bill is very well guarded,
indeed.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is very obvious that
an Army officer would bring to bear upon the
question information that other persons would
not possess.
Mr. SPALDING. The report is to be made
to Congress.
Mr. MAYNARD. The Army officer would
have the greater part of the information pos-
sessed by the commission ; and then, so far as
my acquaintance with the Army goes, their
education has made them fair men, honest
toward the Government and toward the citizen.
I should much prefer to see the commission
organized in this way.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move there be added
one officer of the Army on the retired list, so
as not to take any out of active service, not
below the grade of colonel.
Mr. MAYNARD. I accept that; but I
should think two were enough.
Mr. GARFIELD. Let it be, then, one of
whom shall be an officer of the Army on the
retired list.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not wish to see this
bill pass without knowing there is some neces-
sity for it. The gentleman from New York,
who has it in charge, says it costs nothing.
Mr. KETCHAM. It authorizes the ap-
pointment of a commission to examine what
claims there are of New York and to report
the results of their examination.
Mr. SCOFIELD. While the gentleman says
it costs nothing, it is to appoint a commission
to go into New York to see whether they can
find some one to make a claim against the
Government.
Mr. KETCHAM rose.
Mr. SCOBTELD. Let me finish my sentence.
It is an inquisition for claims, as I understand
it. We are not satisfied with the claims sent
on from the State of New York. We are afraid
some one in that State has something against
the Government which has not been paid.
This is to hunt him up and to get him to send
it on. We appoint a commission to wander
through that State to advertise for military
claims against the Government. When they
have found out all they can they are to report
the amount they think we owe them.
Mr. KELSEY. I ask whether such a bill as
this was not passed to settle the claims of Penn-
sylvania to the extent of $700,000?
Mr. KETCHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCOBTELD. The gentleman asks me
a question, and my friend answers it. The
gentleman who asks it is mistaken, and the
gentleman who answers it is equally mistaken.
No such bill was ever passed for Pennsylvania.
No such sum was paid to Pennsylvania. No
such demand or claim was presented. At the
time the rebel army entered into Pennsylvania
in 1863, the States of Pennsylvania, New York,
and adjoining States were called upon for a
volunteer force to repel it by the President of
the United States, assigning the quota to each
State. The President telegraphed and the Sec-
retary of War telegraphed to the Governor of
Pennsylvania to raise those troops, and to pay
them from the fund of Pennsylvania, and they
would repay it as soon as they could ascertain
the amount. A bill was passed to pay that
amount. They paid the troops from New
York and West Virginia at the time. They
were paid directly by the War Department.
The troops from Pennsylvania having been
paid on the telegram of the President and Sec-
retary of War, it needed a bill to authorize the
United States to refund the money loaned.
The loan had been made from the banks of
Philadelphia.
Mr. SPALDING. What was the amount?
Mr. SCOFIELD. About seven hundred
thousand dollars, as the gentleman from New
York has stated. The gentleman asks whether
it was an honest claim ? It was not a claim of
the State of Pennsylvania. The Governor had
a telegram from the President and Secretary
of War to raise the troops, and the banks of
Philadelphia advanced the money. They said
they would pay it as soon as they obtained the
necessary appropriation.
Mr. MAYNARD. There seems to be a
play upon terms. It is denied it was a claim.
Mr. SCOFIELD. It was a debt contracted
by the United States and not a claim, and an
appropriation was needed to pay it.
Mr. CULLOM. I ask whether there is not
a law upon the statute-book for the settlement
of these claims ? There is such a statute for
the settlement of such claims growing out of
the war.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I know we have such a
law, but that does not compel any one to bring
in their claims. Here we are going to send
out a commission to wander over the State
of New York to see whether they cannot find
some one who has a forgotten claim.
Mr. KEOTHAM. My friend misunderstands
the object of this bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a point of order.
When the gentleman gets through his hour, or
the length of time he chooses to occupy, if
there should not happen to be a quorum present,
I desire to know whether I cannot get a chance
to say something more. I want the gentleman
to know that he need not be so rough to me.
He should allow me a little courtesy, because I
may be able to take some advantage of his dis-
courtesy if a quorum' should not be present
when the bill comes to be acted upon.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to know if the
Committee on Military Affairs recommend this
bill.
Mr. KETCHAM. They do, unanimously.
Mr. CULLOM. I wish to inquire whether
the object of this bill is not to allow the Gov-
ernment of the United States to settle the
claims that the State of New York presents to
the Government on account of war expenses.
Mr. KETCHAM. Certainly.
Mr. CULLOM. There is a law already on
the statute-book expressly covering this very
case, and under the law as it now stands va-
rious States have been settling their war claims
from year to year. The State of Illinois is now
doing it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I think there is a
misunderstanding on the part of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Cuixom] and the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] in
regard to this bill. If my recollection is not
at fault, we have provided for an examination
of the claims of almost every State is this way,
so that this involves precedents which have
been pursued in other States. And the_ claim
of the State of Pennsylvania although it took
the form of a money demand, for money paid
out by that State, was based upon precisely the
same services rendered by that State that this
claim presents. I remember in the case of
Missouri, Illinois, Ohio, Indiana, and Iowa,
similar bills were passed.
Mr. CULLOM. Does the gentleman say
that the State of Illinois had a -special bill
passed for the settlement of these claims?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do say so. The
appropriation in the bill that passed in 1862
had become exhausted and there was new
legislation.
Mr. CULLOM. I undertake to say that the
State of Illinois to-da.y has its agent here for
the purpose of settling the claims of the State
against the General Government on account
of war expenses.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That is another
class of claims entirely. It is a class of claims
where money was expended by the State of
Illinois for the equipment and transportation
of troops who were mustered into the service
of the United States.
Mr. CULLOM. What claim is this of New
York?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not know
what is included in it, but I suppose the same
class as was included in the Pennsylvania bill—■
for State troops not actually mustered into the
service of the United States.
Mr. GARFIELD. Several States of the
Union having claims against the General Gov-
ernment, for moneys advanced for Army ex-
penses and war expenses of various sorts which
the State authorities believed the General Gov-
ernmentought to assume, have heretofore acted
precisely in the way the State of New York
now proposes to act, namely, to ask a com-
mission to be appointed to examine these
claims and report precisely in accordance with
the custom that has been followed hitherto in
reference to at least five States. This bill has
been drawn with care. It provides that not a
dollar should be paid except the expenses of
the commission ; that the commission shall
have no power to settle the claims, but that it
shall simply examine all the testimony on file,
all the records in the case, and make a full
report to Congress of what is good and what
is bad—not that Congress is to be bound by
the report of the commissioners, but for the
purpose of laying the facts before Congress
for its ultimate action. I do not know any
possible ground upon which this request can
be refused, unless we agree that what we have
done in several precisely similar cases is wrong.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Can the gentleman name
the States ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I name the State of
Missouri; I name the State of Iowa; I name
the State of Illinois; I name my own State;
and I name the State of Massachusetts.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I know the gentleman
names one State that never had any such roving
commission.
Mr. CULLOM. And so he does another.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Pennsylvania never had
any such bill or anything like it, or any such
commission.
Mr. GARFIELD. Perhaps their work was
not done on the same system that this bill pro-
poses, but that I myself have assisted the gen-
tleman, since I have been a member of this
Congress, in paying out of the public Treasury
thre^ quarters of a million of claims of the
State of Pennsylvania arising out of the war [
very well remember.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman has never
assisted us in paying one dime to the State of
Pennsylvania. The War Departmenthad con-
tracted a debt to the banks of our State by
telegraph, and an appropriation was made to
pay it. The claims were all audited by the
Second Auditor. I have the act before me.
Now, I would like to ask the gentleman before
I sit down how the Committee on Military
Affairs happened to find out that there were
probably some persons in the State of New
York who had claims against the General Gov-
ernment? What evidence had they before
them? ,
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman will allow
me to say that the committee of the last Con-
gress of the United States had papers and a
memorial from the State of New York before
