1868.
TB® CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
513
which is the perfection of reason. It has j
clothed the legislative power of the nation j
with authority to deter.nine whether a repub-
lican government exists in any State of this
Union, and if it does exist to guarantee its
enjoyment to the people of the State.
it has clothed the legislative department as
well with power to determine whether a repub-
lican government, and every other form of
government at all known to civilization, hag
ceased to be within any of the States of this
Union, and to provide by law to remedy the
want of it, and to give the protection of the
law to all law-abiding people, not merely resi-
dents within the limits of such disorganized and
insurrectionary States, but to all law-abiding
people of the Uepublic, of each of whom it may
be said every rood of such disorganized State
is part and parcel of his common country.
The gentleman will find when he comes to
pursue this question there is perhaps quite as
high authority in support of this proposed
legislation as of any other legislation which
has been deemed necessary since treason fired
its first gun on Sumter. One thing I am well
assured of, and I therefore repeat it, that your
Supreme Court will never challenge the au-
thority of the first section of this bill without
taking back every decision that court ever
made directly or indirectly on the question
involved since Jay'« time.
The gentleman seems to think the object of
this bill is to rob the people of the protection
of law altogether. He ventured in his haste
to say they had no judicial protection. Does
the gentleman not know well this law is addi-
tional and supplementary to the act of the 2d
of March and the acts supplementary thereto,
in which the judieial authority of the United
States throughout those ten insurrectionary
States is elearly and distinctly recognized?
Does the gentleman not know as well that the
judicial tribunals of the United States are
open in those several States for the adminis-
tration of justice and for the protection of life
and property? Does he not know the bill dis-
criminates between provisional courts in those
disorganized States legalized as such by Con-
gress, and the illegal governments set up by
those lately in insurrection? Why, then, say
this is a bill to take away from the people the
protection of the law?
First, the bill guarantees and secures to them,
in so far as the Army can maintain the author-
ity of the United States, just such protection
as flows from the judicial tribunals of the Uni-
ted States in any State of this Union. Next, it
secures the fair administration of law even by
their own State officials, acting not by virtue
of their State authority but by virtue of a for-
mer act of Congress. To be sure the bill pro-
vides in certain contingencies fortheremoval of
ci vil officialsactingnnder these provisional go v-
ernments and the appointment of others to theif
places to discharge their duties until such time
as this people shall have restored republican
State govern ment satisfactory to the la w - maki ng
power of this nation. That provision had
been enacted before. The people of the United
States, it seeras to me, have not yet decided
adversely to what had been done to provide
for the restoration of those disorganized States.
The sole object of this bill is to provide for
the more efficient execution of your former
legislation.
The difference between this bill and the
legislation now upon your statute-book is only
in the mode of execution and the addition of a
penal section, to Which I hear no objection
from the gentleman from New York, and to
which, J presume, no objection will be mada
by any gentleman upon this floor who admits
the power to pass a law in any form to provide
for the better government of those States aud
their speedy reorganization.
By this bill the power to carry out the details
of the law is transferred from the President of
the United States, in whom it was vested ex-
pressly by the act of the 2d of March, 1807, to
the General of the Army. Gentlemen seem to
argue that the President of the United States,
40th Cong. 2d Sbss.—No. 33.
by virtue of his office possesses power to carry
into effect the details of any act of Congress.
I would thank gentlemen when they make
intimalions of that sort to point me to their
authority. 1 undertake to say that the Presi-
dent of the United States cannot of his own
motion do any act toward the execution of the
laws which is not provided for or may be pro-
vided for specifically by act of Congress. I
know the executive power is vested in ihe Pres-
ident of the United States; but it does not
follow by any manner of means because the
executive power is vested in the President of
the United States by the Constitution that he
therefore, of his own election and his own pleas-
ure, is to determine the mode and manner in
which the most solemn enactments of Congress
are to becarried intoeffect. Congress prescribes
the mode of execution by its own law. Con-
gress prescribes the officer who shall excuteit.
Congress declares the mode of his appointment.
Congress declares the conditions upon which
be shall enter upon the discharge of his duties.
Congress declares the responsibility that de-
volves upon him for the non-performauce of
his duty. The President, to be sure, is never
to be excused from employing, if need be, in
the enforcement of your law the power of the
Army and Navy ; but it is not for him to
execute a writ of your district or circuit court,
either its mesne or final process. Neither
had the President of the United States, with-
out your express authority, power to appoint
the military commander in any one of the
departments of the ten States. You conferred
it upon him by the act of March 2, 18G7; you
may withdraw it from him by the act of 1868,
and confer the power, as I claim, upon the
General of the Army, or you may appoint the
officers directly yourselves ; you may consti-
tute them commanders of those departments
by express enactment.
Tliis I aver upon the highest authority. I)oes
not the Constitution of the United States con-
tain an express provision that the Congress shall
have power to prescribe rules for the govern-
ment of the land and naval forces, and is not the
President bound by his oath when the Congress
shall have prescribed the rule for the govern-
ment of either, or of any officer thereof, to obey
that law ? Or is your President above the law ?
Is he at liberty to repeal any law which may
not suithis pleasure, which Congress may pass ?
The utmost he can do is to interpose his veto,
and having done that, if Congress passes the
law over his veto by a two-third vote, he is as
much bound to obey it and carry it into effect as
the humblest citizen of the Republic is bound
to render obedience to your law, with or with-
out the President's approval.
It is in vain that gentlemen stand here and
intimate that the President, because he is the
executive officer of the United States, Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army, is above any
statute of the country. It is his sworn duty to
bow before the majesty of the law, whatever it
may be, enacted by the Congress of the United
States, and to lend all the power vested in him
under the Constitution to its enforcement in the
event of resistance to its execution. In the first
instance, he is not called upon to intervene.
As I said before, the law is to be executed
through those especially appointed by the stat-
ute to execute it; butifthe authority is resisted,
the executive power of the President of the
United States is invoked, and he is bound to
exerciseit and thus obey his oath, whichenjoins
that he shall take care that the laws be faith-
fully executed.
It will not do for gentlemen to talk about
their love and regard of the Constitution and
straightway intimate that the President of the
United States is the only person under the
Constitution that can be intrusted with the
direct execution of law. I repeat again that
the provision of the Constitution is so conclu-
sive on the question of the power to thus direct
the Army as is provided in this bill that the
provision is itself the argument. Congress may
prescribe rules—that is, laws—for the govern-
ment of the land aud naval forces. It may
therefore prescribe rules lor the government
of each person in the land and naval forces.
It may therefore appoint by name any officer
of the Army to execute this law in accordance
with its terms wiUiin the limits of the several
military districts created by the acts to which
this is *upplemeutary. The whole question—
and that 1 admit is a subject of legitimate argu-
ment—turns upon the point : has Congress
the power to enact llie.se laws at. all, either
vesting the President specially with authority
to detail an officer, or vesting the General of
the Army with authority to detail, or nominat-
ing the officers in the act itself and enjoining
the duty upon tbem? Because it is very clear
that if Congress has the power to enact the law
the President is bound to obey it. That is all
there is of it.
Mr. ELDJ.IIDGE. Is there not more than
that of it,.
Mr. BINGHAM. No more.
Mr. ELDUIDGE. Is there not this of it?
In the act investing the General of the Army
with these powers do you not in just that de-
gree subtract from the powers of the Presi-
dent given to him by the Constitution ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Why, the gentleman ought
to know very well that there might be some
! room for making this discrimination if the only
power given to the President by the Constitu-
tion were the simple declaration that lie is
Commander-iu-Chief of the Army. But the
gentleman must remember that the Constitu-
tion in express terms declares that the execu-
tive power shall be vested in the President, and
as the greater includes the less, how comes it
that the Congress of the United States from
the day it first met to this hour has been repeat-
ing session by session and year by year the
very form that we have adopted in this statute
for the government of the Army by conferring
power to execute upon major generals, upda
brigadier generals, and upon colonels aud
captains? ,
It will never do for gentlemen to say that
because the President ia Commander-in-Chief
of the Army and Navy Congress has no right
to pass laws that he does not agree to. My
point is that he is Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy, subject to such laws as Con-
gress may pass for the government of the land
and naval forces. It is written, as we have
seen, in the Constitution that Congress shall
have power to prescribe rules for the govern-
ment of the land and naval forces.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman will
allow roe, 1 would suggest to him that the exec-
utive power is vested in the President as well,
and that by this act we propose to abridge
and to take away from him that executive
power. I understand him to claim that the
executive power exists in the nation, when the
Constitution expressly vests it in the President.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman is only
repeating what I said myself. He cannot evade
my argument by that sort of statement. It ia
utterly useless. I have explained my views of
the whole matter, and submit that the legisla-
tion of this country from beginning to end
explains it. It does not follow because the
President has the executive power that he is
not bound to obey and execute the laws. It
does not follow because he has the executive
power that you cannot confer upon a marshal
of the United States, without his special war-
rant, authority to execute the final process of
our courts. It does not follow because lie has
the executive power that- you cannot, without
his special warrant, clothe an officer or officers
of the Army of the United States with author-
ity to convene courts-martial charged with the
issues of life and death. He has the executive
power, but he has it subject to the supreme law
of the land, and that is not sinjply the Consti-
tution, but the laws, also, which are made in
pursuance of that Constitution. It i« useless
to waste words upon this subject.
Mr. FAENSWOIiTU. Will my friend allow
me to suggest that there have been acts passed
agaiu and again within the last fewyears, some
of which have been signed by Andrew Johnson
