514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
as President, wherein Congress has directed
the Secretary of War to detail officers in a par-
ticular way, and wherein Congress has directed
the Secretary of the Navy to detail vessels in
a particular manner. Such acts have been
repeatedly passed and signed by the President.
If they were unconstitutional the President
has signed unconstitutional laws.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I regret
very much that I have been drawn into dis-
cussing so much at length this question. I
think that I owe an apology to this House; I
think I owe an apology to every intelligent
man in America for stopping to discuss this
proposition at length.
I have said before—not to-day, but heretofore
—and in that I agree entirely with the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge,]—that it
is the duty of the Congress of the United States
so to exercise their legislative powers as not to
take away from the President the power to dis-
charge faithfully the duties of his office, includ-
ing the executive power and including also the
command of the Army and Navy. But having
said that, it does not by any means follow that
I concede the absurd conclusion which seems
necessarily to be involved, with all respect to
the gentleman, in the suggestion which he makes
that we cannot confer direct authority upon any
human being to execute our laws without the
special order of the President. It will not do,
gentlemen ; it is too late in the day to raise any
such question; altogether too late in the day.
All the legislation of this country is against your
assumption. All the solemn adjudications of
your highest tribunals of justice are against it.
Why, sir, the case to which I have referred is a
marked illustration of the truth of that which I
assert, where the court did solemnly declare in
their decision that the final action of Congress
upon this very question of the existence of a
republican government in any State of this
Union was conclusive upon every Department
of the Government; conclusive upon the Exec-
utive, conclusive upon the judiciary, and con-
clusive upon the several State tribunals through-
out the Union. That was the judgment of the
court, and I accept it as the law of the Consti-
tution.
And if I did not entertain that conviction—
a conviction as strong as knowledge itself—I
would look upon your Constitution at last as
nothing but a splendid bauble, not worth the
sacrifice that has already been made to uphold
it, to vindicate its authority, and restore its
supremacy.
The object of this bill, I repeat, is not to
deprive the people of those States of protec-
tion. The object of it is to hasten the day
when the people of those States, under the pro-
tection of a law, obeyed by the President and
carried into effect by the officers of the Army,
to whom it becomes a rule of official conduct,
will reorganize governments republican in
form, to the satisfaction of the Congress of the
United States, and, in the words of the bill,
"be restored to political power in the Union.
Now, what objection is there to that? There
can be but one objection ; and that is the argu-
ment that the people of those States already
have republican forms of government. How
did they come by them ? Did their former
governments survive the rebellion of over four
years ? There can be no republican govern-
ment in a State without an organized body of
officers qualified in accordance with the re-
quirements of the national Coilstitution. There
was no such organization in any one of those
States on the day that Lee surrendered to
Grant.
What sort of governments have they had
since then? An organization made by the
authority of the President of the United .States,
who, in my judgment, had no right to determine
the question at all. I lay nothing to his charge
for having interposed to aid the people who
might voluntarily have organized governments.
But did they do it? Have they laid their con-
stitutions of government before this body?
Has the Congress of the United States
Approved them? The Congresa has the right
to determine the fact whether there be repub-
lican governments there before the Congress
shall enforce the guarantee. Has Congress
! approved them? Not at all. For four long
! years the Congress disapproved their illegal
and void governments in a mode and manner
which any man can understand. .
Will any gentleman rise in his place here
and say that the government of Mississippi,
for example, organized under the direction of
the President of the United States, with Gov-
ernor Sharkey appointed by him to that end,
is a republican government springing from the
people and resting upon the consent of a ma-
jority of the free male citizens of the United
States resident within its limits? Not at all.
Sir, I will venture to say that there never was
a State government recognized as republican
in form in any period of the Republic which
deprived a majority of the free male citizens of
the United States resident within its limits and
chargeil with no crime of all voice or power in
its administration. If there ever was anything
that approached it I want to know when and
where it was. I say this only in vindication of
the action of Congress. All the past traditions
of the Republic are against recognizing as
republican in form any of the governments in
those ten disorganized States as they now
' stand before the country.
Let the people thereof proceed to establish
governments according to the Democratic rule
of this country, which, in the words ot Jeffer-
son, shall "secure equal and exact justice
to all men." Let them proceed, above all
things, to ratify, according to the requirements
of your law of last year, the fourteenth article
of amendment to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, which has already received the
sanction of twenty millions of the freemen of
| this land—a higher sanction, I venture to say,
! than was ever given by the people to any pro-
! vision of law ever enacted by the Congress of
the United States since it was a Congress under
your Constitution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand that the
gentleman's own State has already withdrawn
her consent to that amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman is entirely
mistaken. My State has done no such thing.
The_ gentleman's party in one branch of the
Legislature, against the express will of the
people, have undertaken to do it.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I would like to ask
the gentleman whether it was not his party
that ratified the amendment?
Mr. BINGHAM. Sir, it was the party of
the people that ratified this amendment, the
party that saved the Union, the party that
thought it was constitutional to defend the
Constitution, the party that thought it was con-
stitutional to crush out State secession, the
party that thought it was constitutional to batter
down that confederation of traitors and rob-
bers who for four years held their carnival at
Richmond ; that is the party of the country ; it
is notthe party of any man ; it is not the Dem-
ocratic party, but the party of the people.
Mr. ROBINSON. A minority party.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman talks
about "a minority party." Is the party that
carried every St&te in the Union north of Mason
and Dixon's line, from Maine to Oregon, a
minority party ? Without assuming to be either
a prophet or the son of a prophet, all I have
to say is, that when the day comes that the
party tfhich declared against State secession,
the party which declared against this great and
unmatched treason, the party which, under
God, saved the nation's life through four years
of blood, shall cease to rule and govern this
country, and the Government shall be allowed
to pass into the hands of men who declared
that it was unconstitutional to defend the Con-
stitution and unconstitutional to coerce seceded
States and unconstitutional to defend the life
of the Republic, the nation will have perished
by the hands of its own children.
Mr. ROBINSON. Will the gentleman let
me respond right here?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; the gentleman
need not respond. I do not thank any man
for coming into this Hall and intimating that
the great party of the people is a "minority
party."
Mr. ROBINSON. Does the gentleman
deny that 
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. ROBINSON. I protest against the
gentleman referring to me, unless he gives me
an opportunity to reply.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Paine. )
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Robin-
son] is not in order. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] declines to be inter-
rupted.
Mr. BINGHAM. the gentleman does
not wish me to refer to him he ought not to
interrupt me.
Mr. ROBINSON. The gentleman ought
not to misrepresent me.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from New York is not in order, as the
gentleman from Ohio declines to yield.
Mr. ROBINSON. I desire to state what
party the gentleman is in favor of.
Several Members. Order 1 Order 1
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Ohio declines to yield, and must be
permitted to proceed without interruption.
M. BINGHAM. I will tell the gentleman
what party I am in favor of, if he will listen to
me. I started out by saying—and the gentle-
man, I fear, is unwittingly bearing witness to
the unhappy truth—that there are in this coun-
try to-day but two parties—one the party of
the country, the party of the Constitution  
Mr. ROBINSON. To which I belong.
Mr. BINGHAM. The party that maintains
the unity of the Republic, the party opposed
to State secession, the party which has declared
(as I was saying when interrupted) in more sol-
emn form than the people everdeclared anything
before in our history that those States lately in
insurrection, and filled with the tempest and
conflict of battle, shall not again be admitted to
political power in this country until in the most
explicit and binding form of law they shall have
given a new and irrepealable guarantee for the
future safety of the Republic. That is the issue
which underlies this legislation. We say to those
States: "Before you send Representatives to
this Hall you must accept the decree which
twenty-three States of this Union have already
solemnly ratified, declaring that no State of
this Union shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of
citizens of the United States, nor shall any
State deny to any person the equal protection
of the laws."
[Here the hammer fell. J
Mr. LOAN obtained the floor.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I move that my col-
league [Mr. Bingham] be allowed additional,
time to finish his remarks.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If there is
no objection the time of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] will be extended.
There was no objection.
Mr. BINGHAM. That, sir, is the first
proposition involved in this contest, that this
limitation shall be placed by irrepealable
amendment in the Constitution. There is not
an intelligent man in America but knows that to
secure the rights of all citizens and free persons
in every State was the spirit and intent of the
Constitution in the beginning. There is not
an intelligent man in America but knows that
this spirit and intent of the Constitution waa
most flagrantly violated long anterior to the
rebellion, and that the Government was power-
less to remedy it by law. That amendment
Eroposes hereafter that this great wrong shall
_ e remedied by putting a limitation expressly
into the Constitution, coupled with a grant of
power to enforce it by law, so that when either
Ohio or South Carolina or any other State shall
in its madness or its folly refuse to the gen-
tleman or his children or to me or to mine
any of the rights which pertain to American
citizenship of to a common humanity, ther*
