3946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
them, and drafted the bill which is now before
this House and had it ready to be acted on,
but the Congress expired before the committee
could get the bill before the House. A bill
based on the same memorial and the same
papers came before the committee of the pres-
ent Congress and was revised. We cut out
several sections which we thought gave too
large powers and restricted the operations of
the commission, allowing them to settle noth-
ing, but only to examine and report. We have
reported the bill to the House in that form, and
I cannot consent that the whole evening ses-
sion shall be consumed in its consideration.
Mr. CULLOM. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a single question?
Mr. GARFIELD. I will.
Mr. CULLOM. Why should not this bill
be a general law covering all the States? If
there is any special reason why a biil of this
sort should pass at all why should not all the
States of the Union be included in it, and thus
save the trouble of passing special acts in favor
of each State ?
Mr. GARFIELD. In the first place, I sup-
pose that not all the States of the Union have
claims of this kind. Some of the great States,
Pennsylvania, Ohio, New York, and some
others along the border, made advances to the
Government. The State of Ohio advanced
$3,000,000 in money. I happened to be a
member of the General Assembly of the State
of Ohio, and was one of those who voted for
making that advance to the General Govern-
ment when it was found with a bankrupt treas-
ury at the beginning of the war.
Mr. SCOFIELD. What is this for?
Mr. GARFIELD. It is for miscellaneous
claims, for advances made by the State, and
claims of a nondescript sort that have been
reported to the Department, and finally a
memorial to cover the whole subject was sent
to Congress, and the committee have answered
that memorial by reporting this bill. I now
yield for a moment to my colleague, [Mr.
Welker.]
Mr. WELKER. I wish to say one word in
regard to the claims of Ohio. My colleague is
mistaken when he says that a commission was
created to hear all applications on behalf of
Ohio for advances made during the war. It is
true that a commission was appointed to invest-
igate into the expenses of the calling out of
our squirrel-hunters by the Governor at the
time when Morgan made his raid into Ohio
and Indiana. But all the other claims of Ohio
were settled by the Department at Washing-
ton, and not through the instrumentality of a
commission, as proposed by this bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Ohio whether any claims of
Ohio were settled by the Department except-
ing those that came within the regulations of
the Army arising out of the expenses con-
nected with troops mustered into the service ?
Mr. WELKER. In reply to the gentleman
I would say that every claim Ohio presented
at the Department was settled there. I know
that a great many claims might have been
originated in Ohio, and I have no doubt-that
if a commission had been sent to Ohio to
hunt up parties who may have had claims for
damages a great many claims might have been
got up.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to ask
the gentleman why all the claims of Ohio for
the payment of the expenses connected with
the calling out of the squirrel-hunters at the
time of Morgan's raid were not paid at the
Department?
Mr. WELKER. Because there were no
laws or regulations that would reach that class
of troops—"squirrel-hunters," as they were
termed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I submit that the
gentleman has answered the very question in
this ease ; that the "squirrel-hunter" claims
of the State of Ohio did not come within the
regulations of the Army.
Mr. WELKER. Is not that the character
of the claims coming from New York? I
understand these claims to be for money ad-
vanced during the whole progress of the war.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I understand that
a part of this claim—I do not know whether
all of it or not—grows out of the claims of the
State of New York for expenses incurred in
raising militia during the period of the inva-
sion of Lee in Pennsylvania. Those troops
were irregularly raised ; they were not mus-
tered into the service of the United States;
they did not become United States troops;
their accounts cannot be settled at the Depart-
ment under existing regulations. Therefore
this commission is asked, as I understand.
Mr. GARFIELD. I now call the previous
question on the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GARFIELt). I do not desire to have
the session broken up because of the absence
of a quorum. I do not know whether there is
a quorum in the Hall or not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
a quorum is now present or not.
Mr. GARFIELD. Then I would ask my
colleague on the committee [Mr. Ketcham]
to allow this bill to be laid aside informally,
so that we can proceed with other business of
the committee.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I object to that.
The SPEAKER. Objection beingmade, the
only way the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gab-
field] can reach his object is to move to recon-
sider the vote ordering the main question, and
have the billrecommitted to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. GARFIELD: Then I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the main question was
ordered.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I withdraw the call for
the previous question, and move that the bill
be recommitted to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The question was taken upon the motion to
recommit; and upon a division there were—
ayes 60, noes 2; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered and Mr. Scofield and
Mr. Ketcham were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes sixty, noes not
counted.
So the bill was recommitted.
DISABLED OFFICERS AND SOLDIERS.
Mr. GARFIELD moved that the Committee
on Military Affairs be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the concurrent resolu-
tions of the Legislature of the State of Kan-
sas instructing the Senators and requesting the
Representatves from the State of Kansas to
use their influence to procure the enactment
of a law by which officers and soldiers wounded
or disabled in the late war shall be entitled to
pensions from date of discharge or resignation,
the same as if they had made application at
that time, and that the same be referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
RETIRED OFFICERS OF THE ARMY.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that the same do pass, House bill
No. 1378, to declare the meaning of the sev-
eral acts in relation to retired officers of the
Army.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The first section of the bill, which was read,
provides that any officer of the Army who has
been or who may hereafter be retired from
active service under existing laws, and whose
disability shall have been occasioned by sick-
ness, injuries, or wounds incurred or received
in the line of his duty as a commissioned officer
in the volunteer service of the United States
at any time since the 19th day of April, 1861,
and previous to his appointment as an officer
of the regular Army, shall receive, in the
application of said laws, the same pay and
allowances, and enjoy the same rights, priv-
ileges, and benefits of all kinds whatsoever as
he would be entitled to receive and enjoy if
such sickness, wound, injury, or other disability
had been incurred or received while in the
regular Army.
The second section provides that the Secre-
tary of War is hereby authorized and directed
to revoke and declare null and void all orders
of the War Departmentheretofore issued which
are not in accordance with the provisions of
the preceding section.
The third section provides that so much of
section twenty-five of an act entitled "An act
providing for the better organization of the
military establishment," approved August 3,
1861, and so much of section twelve of an act
entitled "An act to define the pay and emolu-
ments of certain officers of the Army, and for
other purposes," approved July 17, 1862, as
authorizes the assignment by the President of
any officer of the Army who has been retired
under the provisions of said acts, or any other
acts, to any appropriate duty, is hereby re-
scinded ; and hereafter retired officers of the
Army, except in time of war, shall not be
assigned to any duty other than at the Military
Academy, at certain colleges and universities,
as provided in section t\venty-six of the act
entitled "An act to increase and fix the mili-
tary peace establishment of the United States,"
approved July 28, 1866.
Mr. GARFJELD. I will explain briefly the
provisions of this bill. There are but three sec-
tions, and it will take but a few minutes to
explain them. There is now this difficulty
under the law in regard to the retirement of
officers: that such officers who have received
wounds or have been otherwise disabled while
in the volunteer service and afterward have
been transferred to the regular service are not
permitted by the retiring board to be retired
upon the same terms as though they had re-
ceived their wounds while in the regular Army.
This is a manifest injustice which the bill now
before us is designed to correct. In the second
section of the bill it is proposed that officers who
have been thus unjustly retired shall be restored.
The third section is designed to prevent the
abuse which is now growing up of officers get-
ting themselves retired and then put into easy
places on duty with restoration of their full
pay. Those are the three points which the bill
is designed to cover. I hope that it will be
passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, the
first section of this bill, if I understand it and
the gentleman's explanation of it, will open a
door to the retirement of all the officers now
in the Veteran Reserve corps.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman will re-
member that there is now a provision of law,
that not more than seven per cent, of the offi-
cers of the Army shall be on the retired list at
any one time. That restriction will obviate
the difficulty which the gentleman appre-
hends.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am opposed to
con tinuing a Veteran Reserve corps in the Army
for the purpose of getting up a retired list. It
seems to me that that would be a very expen-
sive way of carrying on the military depart-
ment of this Government.
I desire to say further, that if I understand
correctly the last section of the bill, it provides
that an officer who is retired shall not be detailed
for duty except in time of war, or upon service
in the Military Academy. Now, I do not see
any good reason why an officer who has been
placed on the retired list should not have an
