398
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 1,
Ho. of Reps.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Washburn.
40TH CONG..:::'2:B SESS-.
The rain and fog, however, prevented our getting
anything more than an imperfect bearing, without
any observations; in fact, to tliis port it was so thick
on our ariival in the bay of Sitka that we anchored
without knowing our position in reference to the
town. When theweather cleared sufficientlyto show
it to us, bearing north by northwest, four miles dis-
tant, we immediately got underway, and at ten a.
m., August 32, moored ship off the town of Sitka. A
boat, with the Governor's aid and captain of the
port, came alongside with the compliments of the
port."
A#* *
" I fill up with coajs and water here, and proceed
direct to Qonalaska Island, in obedience to instruc-
tions; but X regrot to say that, from information X
have received from the prince and officers of the
Russian American Fur Company, as well as captains
trading in steamers on the coast, the coals on all the
Aleutian Islands are too light, with too much re-
siduum, for steaming purposes. Tile Russian Amer-
ican Fur Company gave up tho attompted use of them
long since, and obtained all their coals from Van-
couver's Island."
Mr. BANKS. As the gentleman from Wis-
consin refers to the testimony of Professor
Davidson, I will ask to have an extract of a
letter from him read.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Give me
the page, and I will find it,
Mr. BANKS. I will send it to the Clerk's
desk to be read.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I object
to that letter being read. Anything Professor
Davidson has reported officially I do not object
to having read. But I am opposed to the read-
ing of any of this manufactured testimony
recently got up for the purpose of getting
through the treaty.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman asked for
testimony as to coal in Alaska, and I have
given it.
Mr. MUNGEN. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for four minutes to make a propo-
sition which I think will be acceptable.
Mr. WASHBURN. I cannot yield now. I
will refer presently to Mr. Davidson's report,
made after his return from Alaska; but at
present I wish to attend to Captain Howard.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the gentleman from
Wisconsin will allow Mr. Davidson's letter to
be read.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Well, as
my friend from Massachusetts has shown anx-
iety to have the extract of the letterof Professor
Davidson read, I will yield for that purpose.
It is so seldom he produces any authority I
like to oblige him, though his authority should
prove nothing.
The Clerk read as follows :
"At Coal Harbor, on Unga Island, Graham harbor
in Cook's inlet, and one locality in .Chatham strait,
the company had opened veins of lignite for fuel for
their steamers, but the results were unfavorable and
operations abandoned. At Tehugatchek bay, in
Cook's inlet, there is a seven-feet seam of true
coal, but it has not been worked, aslunderstand. It
crops out at or neat low water, and would require
greater expense and more engineering talent than
the company commanded. This out-crop exhibits
itself at intervals for twenty miles along the shore
toward the northwest. My party discovered water
w?rn pieces of coal much intermixed with foreign
substances for four or fivo miles along the head of a
stream, coming through a heavy forest, and opening
upon a fin© bay. An examination of the specimens
prpves it bituminous,but the bed or bods from which
it is broken will, when discovered, afford coal of;
vastly superior quality to any heretofore known to
exist on the Pacific coast. Coal for steamship pur-
poses is the great desideratum of the Pacific. With
a supply of good coal within the distance of Sitka
from San Francisco, California, Oregon and Wash-
ington will at oncc be relieved from the necessity of
trcighting their coal from tourteen thousand five
hundred to seventeen thousand fivo hundred miles,
at a cost to the consumer of twenty dollars per ton in
gold. Appreciating this great drawback, and im-
pressed by the analysis of tho specimens we obtained
and sill the favorable geological indications, I have
urged the importanceof aspecial and exhaustive ex-
ploration ot tho locality."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Mr.
Chairman, I have listened to the reading of that
letter, and I hesitate not to assert that there is
no proof contained therein that there is a vein
of coal any where in Alaska. Mr. Davidson
does not pretend that he ever saw a vein of
coal there. He says in his report, speaking on
that subject, that he is informed there is coal
there. He says in his letter, just read, that
coal is worth twenty dollars a ton in gold. Is
it possible that a seven-foot vein of coal exists
on Cook's inlet, and not opened while coal is
worth twenty dollars a ton ? The statement is
preposterous. It is on a par with another letter
that I have here by a Mr. Ballon, which I will
read. One W. T. Ballou, of San Francisco,
wrote the Secretary as follows:
San Francisco, September 7,1867.
My Dear Sir: Since my Inst with inelosures a
vessel arrived in this portfrom Kodiak. 'Jfhefollow-
ing is a copy of a letter received by me:
" Mr. Ballou: Wo beg to inform you thatweliavo
at last found the seam of coal that we have hunted
so long—no thanks to the R. A. Co. Itiswondorful,
o"ver thirty feet deep, pure anthracite; we trace it
one mile; good harbor; oak and fir timber. Our
fortuno is made; thanks to you ulono. AYehopeto
see you soon. A. & U. MARSH."
The above is verbatim. This is only one instance
of the great mineral resources of that country. I
know of others more astonishing, and had I funds
sufficient, quickly would I develop astonishing facts
that would soon make Alaska in many respects vie
with almost any portion of our country; but, as I
said in my first letter to you, it is no agricultural
country. Its minerals, fish, and furs, are enough.
Should I not be honored by a Government position,
as applied for in my last, and some of your eastern
capitalists want to form a company whose capital
shall be $100,000 or more, I will tako $10,000 of stock
and manage the affair so as to double the money in
two years or I'll lose my head. To do this wilt require
immediate attention and no delay, as the ground
must be occupied before the immigration flocks in.
My referenco can be had and money at any time
required. As Isupposelamwearyingyourpaticneo
I close till some reply.
Yours, W. T. BALLOU.
Hon. William H. Sewabd, Secretary of State.
It will be seen hereafter that Captain Howard,
of the revenue service, was at Kodiak after this
pretended coal discovery, and though con-
stantly looking out for coal, failed either to
discover or hear of any on that island.
There is also another letter to the Secretary
in this book from another man that tells a won-
derful story, almost equal to that of the gen-
tleman from Idaho. He says he has discov-
ered a stream of pure verdigris in Alaska.
Mr. Chairman, I have been furnished by a
gallant gentleman, (a native of that country
which has been absorbed by Russia; a gentle-
man who served gallantly and faithfully in our
Army, and whom it was my pleasure to know
during the war, while he was serving on the
staff of one of our most accomplished com-
manders,) with a translation of some Russian
documents on this subject.
Before, however, alluding to them, I wish
to call attention to the concluding passage of
Captain Howard's report, as I find that my
time will compel me to dismiss him without
further notice. This modern Jason, who was
sent up to Alaska in pursuit of the golden
fleece 
Mr. BLATNE. And came back shorn.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Yes, and
came back shorn, if we mayjudgc by tho con-
clusion of his report, which is as follows:
"On tho 18th of NovemberCaptain Howard arrived
in San Francisco. He says:
'"Thus ended tho observatory cruise of the Lin-
coln. Regretting that so liUle has been effected, by
thclatenessoftheseason and the extremely boisterous
and rainy weather,'" * ■* * * "'Ibeg
leave, however, to bear testimony to the untiring
exertions of Mr. Davidson and Coast Survey party to
accomplish an almost impossibility. For many days
and nights they watched in vain for sun, moon, and
stars, which led us almostto believe thatneither ever
had been or would be seen."
I will now refer to the translation of the
Russian document, being a description of that
country. Captain Golowin, of the Russian
navy, was sent out in 1860 and 1861, and made a
report to the high admiral, Duke Constant.ine.
I will read a passage for the satisfaction of my
friend who has seen a man who saw a tree in
Alaska three feet in diameter, that was prone
upon the ground inclosed by the roots of
another tree of the same size, and yet the first
tree was as sound as when growing in the
forest.
Mr. PETERS. Was the man who saw the
tree named Munchausen?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
forgotten his name. • It sounded to me some-
thing like that. But I think Baron Munchau-
sen never got off anything so good as - that.
Superintendent Chlebiiikow (part 3, p. 95}
states that:
" Tho houses, barracks, and other buildings, con-
structed under Baranow, who took possession ot
Sitka in 180p, were all rotten, and had to he rebuilt m
1817."
All the buildings rotted down in twelve
years, so you will see how exceedingly prob-
able is the tree story with roots fastening to
the ground another tree perfectly sound that
fell three hundred years ago. If the report of
Captain Howard is not flattering, that of Dr.
Kellogg, the botanist of the expedition, is
hardly more so. He says :
"Unfortunately, this vast region of islands and
continental coasts is not bordered at the bases of
these lofty timbered ranges with_ sloping or level
bottoms; but is gashed with precipitous and inac-
cessible gorges, the peaks, for tho most part, being
capped with snow, which, melting in summer, to-
gether with the continual rains, makes every roelc-
less footstep a sphagnous, miry morass. Altitude
passes for naught here; even tho mountains are miry
to their tops."
Professor Davidson says of the sphagnum
here spoken of as—
"0no of the main features of Alaska. It is de-
scribed as a thick moss, seldom le'S than a foot and
sometimes three feet deep, and covers the whole face
of tho country from themiddle of Vancouver's Isla nd
to tho end of the Aleutian Islands. It forms a soil
cushion into which the traveler sinks at least to his
boot-top at every step; and in this moist climatc the
sphagnum is always soaking wet."
In regard to minerals, the geologist of the
expedition, Mr. Blake, says that "exaggerated
ideas have been formed of the mineral weaitli
of Alaska." None of these gentlemen suc-
ceeded in finding mineral wealth of any kind
there, although they were constantly in pur-
suit of it. Exaggerated reports in regard to
this country in reference to its furs have been
circulated.
Now, I assert—and I have the facts and fig-
ures to prove it—that the far trade is becom-
ing rapidly exhausted, and that the total value
of all the furs gathered in Alaska is consider-
ably less than two hundred thousand dollars a
year, and is diminishing from year to year with
great rapidity.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him if he includes in that the seal-
fur trade?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Yes, sir ;
and I will give the gentleman some figures.
Mr. MAYNARD. My information is quite
different from that.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I Jkm
aware of that. There has been a studied eixort
to deceive the public in regard to the value of
this country and its different industries. Mr.
Wilson in his letter says that the value of the
fur seals alone is over half a million annually,
lean show you that all these statements, if
not false, have been much exaggerated. The
total dividends of this fur company from 18i'J
to 1859 was 1,33-1,000 roubles, or an average
of 188,000 roubles a year, (the rouble is equal
to seventy-five cents of our money.) and ouly
about four per cent, on the capital of the
company. The total annual value of all furs
gathered in Alaska does not exceed §21)0,000
a year. Official tables to be found in part No.
2, Document 177, verify this statement. Mr,
Bulkley says that the seal fisheries alone could
he made to pay for Alaska. He admits him-
self that unless the seal fisheries are protected
as the Russians protected them they will nor
last any length of time. And Professor David-
son says that with the utmost care on tho pars
of the Russian authorities the furs and'fur-
bearing animals have rapidly diminished from
year to year. With the transfer to this Gov-
ernment, and the consequent invasion of the
country by our people, it can safely be said
that the fur trade will soon cease to exist.
Under the Russian system they only captured
about thirty-three thousand seals a year, which,
