2922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
many of the trade are out of employment, and
praying for additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of Creighton Sloan and
44 others, workers in white lead, zinc, and
colors, at the Kremnitz Works, Philadelphia,
setting forth that owing to foreign competition
their industry is greatly depressed and many
of the trade areout of employment, and pray-
ing for additional protective duties.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 8, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a memorial of
officers and soldiers of the late war, in favor of
medals to be struck in bronze to commemo-
rate the preservation of the American Repub-
lic, and be presented as a token of the immor-
tal gratitude of the American people to those
whose heroism saved the life of the nation,
one, under the direction of the War and Navy
Departments, to every officer, soldier, sailor,
and marine ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a memorial ofcigar-makers
of Detroit, Michigan, praying that no change
be made in the ^present rate of taxing cigars ;
whieh was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented the petition of
J. Keener, of North Carolina, praying to be
relieved of political disabilities imposed on
him by acts of Congress ; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of James W.
Terrett, of North Carolina, praying to be re-
moved of political disabilities imposed on him
by acts of Congress; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of
Brevet Lieutenant A. Liebschutz, praying an
increase of pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee, presented
the petition of Zepus P. Wise, a soldier of the
war of 1812, praying to be allowed a pension ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented a petition of sundry mili-
tary officers and citizens of the State of Ten-
nessee, praying a change in the laws regulating
the time when the pensions of widows shall
commence; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
He also presented the memorial of John
Alexander, of Tennessee, a soldier of the war
of 1812, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of Peter
McColl, of South Carolina, praying a removal
of the civil disabilities imposed on him by acts
of Congress; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of Mrs.
Ellen J. Brosman, praying compensation for
property taken from her by General Patrick,
provost marshal, and converted to Government
use: which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the petition of
Edward D. Tippett, praying an appropriation
to enable him to complete his invention for
perpetual motion ; which was referred to'the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
keports of committees.
Mr. POMEROY", from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 1156) authorizing the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office to issue a
patent to F. N. Blake for one hundred and
bixty acres of land in Kansas, reported it with-
out-amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 23) to protect
the rights of actual settlers upon the public
lands of the United States, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of Julia Whistler, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 516) granting a pen-
sion to Julia Whistler. The bill was read and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Ilehma Brown,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 517) granting a pension to the widow and
children of Henry Brown. The bill was read
and passed to a second reading, and the report
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Fannie Felty, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
518) granting a pension to the widow and child
of John P. Felty. The bill was read and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Emma M. Moore,
widow of Lieutenant John W. Cox, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 519)
granting a pension to Emma M. Moore. The
bill was read and passed to a second reading,
and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Martha Stout, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
520) granting a pension to Martha Stout. The
bill was read and passed to a second reading,
and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Charles C. Hig-
don, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 521) granting a pension to the children
of William M. Wooten, deceased. The bill
was read and passed to a second reading, and
the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following petitions, asked to
be discharged from their further consideration;
which was agreed to:
The petition of De Witt C. Benham ;
The petition of Charlotte M. Dickinson,
widow of Manco C. Dickinson ;
The petition of Harriet Jepson ;
The petition of William Cook ;
The petition of William Gray ;
The petition of Christiana Abercrombie;
The petition of W. 0. Sarr;
The petition of Mary Potter ; and
The petition of Henry W. Cleveland.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 413) granting a
pension to Mrs. Sallie Griffin, reported ad-
versely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, who were
by a resolution of the Senate directed to in-
quire into the expediency of so amending the
pension laws that the marriage of a deceased
soldier's widow shall no longer work a for-
feiture of her pension, reported adversely
thereon.
He also, from the same committee, who were
by a resolution of the Senate instructed to con-
sider the expediency of providing that the
increase of two dollars a month, granted by
the act of July 25, 1866, to each child under
sixteen years of age, shall be extended to the
widows of officers, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the petition
of A. J. Core, reported a bill (S. No. 522) to
authorize the Commissioner of the Revenue to
settle the accounts of Andrew S. Core; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Finance, reported a joint resolution (S. No.
Ill) requiring the Special Commissioner of the
Reyenue to actas superintendent of the Bureau
of Statistics in the office of the Secretary of the
Treasury ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 227) enabling actual
settlers to purchase certain lands obtained of
the Great and Little Osage Indians, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom was referred
the bill (II. R. No. 448) to change the name
of the ship Golconda, asked.to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, it was
Ordered, That William J. Blackiston have leave to
withdraw his petition from the files of the Senate.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 528) to regulate the appointment and pro-
motion of consular clerks; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. DAVIS, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 524) to facilitate the decision of ques-
tions of conflict of jurisdiction between the
United States and the States by the Supreme
Court of the United States; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 525) to authorize the establishment of
customs ports of delivery on the Pacific coast
of the United States, and for other purposes ;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 526)
to amend "An act incorporating the Washing-
ton and Georgetown Railroad Company:"
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 527) for the relief of the
widow of Colonel T. B. Ransom, and mother
of the late Brevet Major General T. G. Ran-
som; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
captain james p. armstrong.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (II. R. No. 287) for the restoration of
Captain James F. Armstrong, United States
Navy, to the active list from the retired list,
have had the same under consideration, ami
instructed me to report it back without amend-
ment, with a recommendation that it pass.
The resolution is very brief, and will take but
a moment, and the committee have directed
me to ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution, which authorizes the
President of the United States to nominate,
and by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate to appoint, Captain James F. Armstrong
to the active list of the Navy, with the rank to
which he may be entitled thereon.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
| reading, read the third time, and passed.
i local postal facilities.
| Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
j lution; which was considered by unanimous
; consent, and agreed to :
i| Resolved, That the Committee on Post Offices and
it Pust lioads bo directed to consider waotiior any fur-
ther legislation be needed in order to secui«5 aicater
i! facilities sit tho local stations of the po>t oiliee in
!t lar^e cities, so that the iocal station3 snail receive
and deliver mail matter the same as is done by tho
!■ general offi.ee.
!j contractors for iron-clad yj5s3els.
! On motion of Mr. HENDRICKS, the Sen-
1 ate. as in Committee of the Whole, resumed
z the consideration of the bill (S. No. 307) for
,j the relief of certain Government contractors,
the pending question being on the amendment
ii of Mr. Grimes, to insert after the word "dol-
