1838.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
will be redress for the wrong throngh the power
and majesty of American law.
Mr. KLDRIDGE rose.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will please
excuse me until I state this issue. That is
the first issue; and it is as essential to the life
of this Republic as is the light of God in which
we live.
What is the next? That representation
shall be apportioned among the people of all
the States according to the whole number
of representative population. What is the
next? That those who added to the great
crime of treason the additional crime of per-
jury, clothing themselves with perjury as with
a garment, to enact this great drama of armed
revolt and blood, shall never again exercise
official trust, State or national, until their dis-
ability shall be removed by an act of Congress.
What next? That the national debt con-
tracted in defense of the nation's life shall be
forever inviolate and shall never be challenged
by congressional or by State legislation ; that
the plighted faith of this nation to its dead
and its living defenders shall be inviolate ; that
the pledge which the nation gave to the one hun-
dred thousand childless mothers in this land,
when in the day of battle they gave their sons
a beautiful and holy sacrifice for the life of the
nation, lifting their hands and invoking God's
blessing on their going, shall never be broken.
Mr. MUNGEN. Let me ask the gentleman
a question ?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir. That the pen-
sions, which are a part of this debt, and in the
language of Marshall, whose great spirit I
would invoke this day in defense of the Con-
stitution and the laws of my country, "is part
of the price of yonr national liberty," shall be
paid; that the orphan children during their
minority, the children of those who went down
in the storm and tempest of this great conflict
defending your flag, shall henceforth, during
their years of inlancy be the wards of the
Republic.
The other provision, sir, to which we demand
their assent by irrepeakible covenant is that no
debt or liablity contracted in aid of the rebel-
lion shall be assumed or paid either by the
Congress of the United States or by the Legis-
lature of any State.
The gentleman says' my State has repealed
it. I tell him his party has tried to repeal it,
that the people will come to the rescue and
settle the question, that no part of the treas-
ures of this great people, either by congres-
sional or State action, shall be laid under con-
tribution to reimburse the cost of this accursed
rebellion. Without this limitation every intelli-
gent man knows that it is in the power of the
Legislature of any State in the Union to tax
its people to beggary from generation to gen-
eration to reimburse the cost of the rebellion.
My God! what a spectacle that would be for
the American people to sacrifice five hundred
thousand of the flower and manhood of this
nation in crushing the rebellion and then
restore the perpetrators of this great crime to
political power, clothed with authority to tax
the present and all future generations to reim-
burse to them the price of their treason and
the value of their emancipated slaves I I trust
in God no man who is a true American citizen,
native-born or naturalized, will for a moment
strike hands 'tfith a party which desires to strike
down that great shield of defense which the
people have already lifted between them and
the organizers of rebellion.
Without the amendment there are men within
the bearing of my voice Who know fall well
that the rebellion will be reenacted within the
limits of their natural lives. With it the rebel-
lion will be forever impossible. The people
who have the virtue and the intelligence to
plant in the Constitution of the country that
irrepealable guarantee will have the virtue and
intelligence to maintain inviolate their Consti-
stitution while they live and transmit it unim-
paired t> their children, charging them with
their dying breath to stand by the Constitution
undsr which their fathers lived and to maintain
which the bravest and noblest and best have
died.
Mr. LOAN. Mr. Speaker, never since the
organization of this Government has there
been presented in either House of Congress a
measure fraught with the same grava matters
as are those involved in the bill now under
consideration.
This bill finally decides the fate of the rebel-
lion. If it is enacted into a law it utterly
destroys the last vestige of hope that yet lingers
in the breasts of the rebels and foils the pur-
poses of that arch apostate who linked his
fortunes with their destiny. The cause for
which our soldiers fought will be vindicated;
the cause of the Union will triumph; recon-
struction will be consummated, and the Union
of the States upon a loyal basis will be restored.
On the one. side of this final contest are
arrayed those who suppressed the armed force
of the rebellion and sustained a loyal Federal
Government; on the other side is found an
unfaithful Executive supported by the rebel
party and all who sympathize with them, in-
cluding all between the avowed rebel at one
end and up to and including the constitutional
Union man at the other end of the line. For
years the contest between loyalty and treason
was that of force on the field of battle. De-
feated there, the rebels, aided by the treachery
of an accidental President, have endeavored
to achieve by treachery, fraud, and usurpa-
tion that which they failed to win on the bat-
tle-field, and in this congenial part they have
manifested so much activity, intelligence, and
audacity that they would challenge our admira-
tion if shown in a cause less criminal.
At the close of active hostilities our brave,
gallant, victorious soldiers turned over to un-
controlled majorities in both Houses of Con-
gress a disorganized but rescued country, with
instructions to reconstruct the disorganized
portions and restore them to the Union on a
basis of loyalty and justice. For more than two
years the country has been patiently awaiting
the performance of the trust confided to our
hands. Doubt, timidity, and inefficiency have
hitherto characterized our action. The pre-
sentation of this bill is a confession that all
measures heretofore adopted have failed to
meet the just expectation^ of the country, and
that more stringent and efficient measures
must be resorted to to meet the exigencies of
the case; and I am sorry to have to say that in
examining the provisions of this bill I greatly
fear that a fatal want of courage yet controls
the action of the committee. Time is press-
ing ; the danger that threatens the destruction
of this Republic is imminent, and if we would
preserve what our soldiers have saved we must
Erove ourselves equal to the demands of the
our. Revolution, led and directed by an un-
faithful Executive, has placed itself across the
track of loyal reconstruction, and bids defiance
to the legitimate authority of the legislative
department of the Government. . The civil
rights bill and the Freedmen's Bureau bill fail
to secure protection to loyal citizens in the ten
rebel States. The civil office tenure bill failed
to keep in his place the Secretary for whose
especial benefit it was devised; and other laws
of Congress intended to protect the district
commanders have been utterly disregarded and
their provisions willfully violated by the re-
moval of Sickles, Sheridan, and Pope for no
other cause than that of fidelity to their coun-
try and obedience to its laws: and at least one
district commander, in general orders, officially
declares that he will not enforce the laws of
Congress by subordinating the civil authority
of the unlawful State governments of Louisi-
ana and Texas to the military power as pro-
vided for in said laws.
Sustained by such high official authority, the
revolution is defiant and confident of success.
We are required now to suppress this revolt,
and we must provide adequate means to accom-
plish that end. The Committee on Recon-
struction have reported the bill under consid-
eration as the means to meet the exigency. I
believe it is the fourth bill relating to recon-
struction they have- asked to be passed since
the 1st of March last. The rapid, repeated,
and disastrous failures which have attended
their former measures, as implied in the pre-
sentation of these successive bills, will perhaps
excuse the examination of the merits of this^
one which I propose now briefly to make, and
trusting to the intelligence of the members of
the House I shaill in this examination content
myself with merely stating the grounds of
objections' to such parts of it as may be deemed
objectionable, and suggesting such changes as
would in my judgment render it more effective.
And just here I will ask the Clerk to read the
first three sections of the.bill reported by the
committee and also my amendment, so that
they may be considered together.
The Clerk read the first three sections of the"
bill, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and Ilousr of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That in Virginia, North Carolina, South Caro-
lina, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana.
Texas, Florida, and Arkansas there are no civil
State governments republican in form, and that the.
so-called oivil governments in said States respect-
ively shall not be recognized as valid or legal State
governments either by the executive or judicial
power or authority of the United States.
Sue. 2. And be it further enacted. That for the speedy
enforcement of the act entitled "An act to provide
forthe more efficient government of the rebel States,"
passed March 2,1867, and the several acts supple-
mentary thereto, the General of the Army of the
United States is hereby authorized and required to
enjoin, by special orders upon all officers in command
within the several military departments within said
several States, the performance of all acts authorized
bjr said several laws above recited, and to remove by
his order from command any or all of said command-
ers and detail other officers of the United States
Army, not below the rank of colonel, to perform all
the duties and exercise all the powers authorised by
said several acts, to the end that the people of sail
several States may speedily^ reorganize civil govern-
ments, republican in form, in said several States, and
be restored to political power in the Union. !
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the General
of the Army may remove any or all civil officers now
acting under the several provisional governments
within said several disorganized States, and appoint
others to discharge the duties pertaining to their
respective Affices, and may do airy and all acts which *
by said several laws above mentioned are authorized
to be done by the several commanders of the mili-
tary departments within said States; and so much
of said acts, or of any act, as authorizes the President
to detail the military commanders to said military
departments, or to remove any officers who may be
detailed as herein provided, is hereby repealed.
Mr. LOAN. I now ask the Clerk to read
my proposed amendment.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Strike out sections one, two, and three, and insert
in lieu thereof the following:
jBe it enacted by the Senate and Bouse of Representa-
tive* of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the so-called civil governments sow exist-
ing in Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas,
Florida, and Arkansas, are hereby abolished.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the General
of the Army is hereby charged with maintaining
order in said States, and for that purpose may use
the existing laws thereof, and may appoint agents to
discharge the duties of officers provided for in mid
laws, and may remove the same at pleasure and ap-
point others in their places; and Buch agents, while
acting as such, shall nave all the powers pertaining
to the officers under said laws to which they are
appointed.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the General
of the Army is hereby directed to enforce the provis-
ions of au act entitled "An aot to provide for the
more efficientgovernment of the rebel States," passed
March 2, 1867, and the several acts supplementary
thereto, and to that end he is invested with all the
powers conferred by said several aots upon district
commanders; and further, he is hereby authorized
to remove any or all of the district commanders of
the several military districts composed of said States,
and to detail other officers of the UmtedStates Army, •
not below the rank of oolonel, to perform the duties
of such district commanders. And so much of said
acts, or of any acts, as authorises the President to
detail military commanders for said districts, or to
remove any officers which may be detailed under the
provisions of this act, is hereby repealed.
Mr. LOAN. Mr. Speaker, the first section
of the "bill declares that the so-called civil gov-
ernments in the ten unreconstructed States
shall not be recognized as valid or legal State
governments either by the executive or judicial
authority of the United States.
In this I think a mistake has been made.
The provisional governments in those States are
either valid or invalid. They cannot be rec-
ognized for some purposes and repudiated for
others. If retained for any purpose they must be
