1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
899
40th Oosg....2d Sess.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Washburn.
Ho. or Reps.
at three dollars a piece, their highest value, is
$00,000; and yet we are told that the seal
trade will pay for the whole purchase. Now,
if under the Russian system, they received less
than $100,000 a year for the fur seals captured,
how long would it take to pay off this debt of
87,200,000? It is a good deal like the sum
that used to be in the arithemie about the frog
at the bottom of the well jumping up two feet
and falling baek three feet each day, and about
the time that the frog would get to the surface
you would pay off this debt from the fur seal
trade.
I have already spoken too long and feel that
I am trespassing upon the patience of the
House, but I have by no means exhausted the
subject. There are a great many more import-
ant facts that ought to be made known to the
House and the public. I want to speak farther
about the fur trade, but I "will append some
official tables in the Globe and pass to the
fisheiies. I do not undertake to say that there
are no fish at Alaska, but I do say, that so far
as we know the fishing banks on that coast are
of the most uncertain character.
On the 22d of August Captain Howard
steamed out of the harbor of Sitka, destined
for Kodiak and Aleutian Islands, sounding on
the way for fishing banks, "in accordance with
tne wishes of the Department." He says:
"I reluctantly K.avo up the search. I will not pre-
tend to s.iy that there are no such banks."
At Kodiak he found but one Russian and
one German. The rest of the inhabitants were
Aleutians. He afterward found one fishing
bank, and its position was ascertained by Mr.
Davidson, but I assert here that that fishing
bank is not within the limits of the jurisdiction
of Russian America. The gentleman from
.Massachusetts cannot point to a fishing bank
on the coast of Russian America within the
II iius of the jurisdiction of Russia. I defy
J, hi t,o do H by any testimony. Captain Howard
,. ;shuse fishing banks are kept secret. lie
a ks us to believe that they are there, but he
says they are kept secret, an observation upon
which 1 do not care to comment.
In regard to salmon we read of such immense
numbers up those streams, that they are driven
up oil the shores, forming winrows' three feet
ia depth, and that they sell f'jr seven cents a
pound in gold, and we arc also informed that
the heais come down fiom the mountains to
fe-;d upon them, their dainty appetites selecting
only the heads, rejecting the other parts of the
salmon altogether. This is told in the report
of the majority of the committee, and we are
giavely asked to believe it, and the gentleman
liom .Massachusetts has stated substantially
the same in his speech, and gave us the phil-
osophy of it. "Wilson, the philosopher, must
look to his laurels.
Xow, Mr. Chairman, I have no doubt that
there are many salmon in the rivers of Alaska.
That is also the case in regard to the rivers of
Washington Territory and Oregon. Inexhaust-
ible numbers of salmon annually visit the riv-
ers, sounds, and bays of our western coast,
and we have now no occasion, and will have
no occasion for a hundred years to come, to
visit the rivers of Alaska for salmon.
The gentleman from Massachusetts nbo
quotes the testimony of Captain Bryant, who
savs that Behring sea is an immense reser-
voir for codfish. Yet Colonel Bulkley, of the
telegraphic expedition, whom my friend from
Massachusetts says is good authority, says
there are few or no codfish in Behring sea,
and he, too, gives the ''philosuphy" why cod-
fish do not exist up in that sea.
There is one other subject that I ought to
spenk of, and that is the timber of this region.
I* will only say that it does not exist to any
extent on"the Aleutian Islands, nor north of
Cook's inlet, and that what there is is on the j
inaccessible mountains that skirt the coast south I
of Mount St. Elias, and along a strip of conn- i
try but thirty miles wide. Professor Davidson
is forced to say that—
"While the vast forests of wood exist upon the
waters of Puget sound, Admiralty inlet, and Straits
of Fuca, it may be commercially unprofitable to out
and ship even this yellow cedar to the California
market, unless native labor can be obtained at low
rates to get it out."
Now, I think, Mr. Chairman, 1 have pretty
clearly demonstrated the utter worthlessness
of this Alaska territory. You are not simply
asked to appropriate $7,200,000 in gold for a
worthless country—if we could get off with
that I might, perhaps, be content to submit to
it—but with this $7,200,000 come the annual
expenses of this Territory, in my judgment
amounting to several million dollars a year,
with no corresponding return.
I have no means of showing how much money
we have expended in Alaska up to this time;
but I undertake to say it will count by millions.
We have had several war ships there, and a
portion of our Army has been there supported
at an immense expense.
You will recollect, Mr. Chairman, that. I
called attention to the agency of a gallant gen-
eral on the Pacific coast in forcing this pur-
chase upon the country. I will now read from
a letter of his of May 22, 1867, to the Adjutant
General of the Army, in which he gives his
opinion as to how much this country will cost
us. After we had acquired it he began to see
its true character. He says:
"This country and the adjacent British territory
contains a very large Indian population, some of
whose tribes are warlike, and of a character far supe-
rior to those of'Oregon, California, Nevada, and adja-
| cent countries. Should our Indian system, with its
treaties, annuities, agents, fiauds, and peculations,
be introduced there, Indian wars must inevitahly
follow, and instead of a few companies for its mili-
tary occupation, as many regiments will be called
for, with the resulting expenditure of many million
dollars eveiy year."
General Tlalleok says if certain things take
place, which we know will take place, there
will be a resulting expenditure of several mil-
lions a year ; and that he is badly frightened at
what he has helped to accomplish is evident
from his instructions to General Davis, com-
manding our troops at Sitka. He gives him
to understand that these Indians are a pretty
savage set, and that he had better look out.
He says:
" It may be well to have guns charged with grape
and canister always bearing on theirvillago ready at
ail instant's warning to destroy them."
Such are the kind of inhabitants you acquire
with Alaska. It is said this is only a little
sum; only $7,200,000. Yes, sir; it is only
$7,200,000. But let me tell gentlemen that if
they pass this appropriation it will be but a
few days before you will hear of the ratification
by the Senate of the treaty for the purchase of
St. Thomas ; and if the doctrine of my friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] obtains here,
you cannot avoid paying §7,500.000 more for
the purchase of St. Thomas. Now, the gen-
tleman will not say that St. Thomas is not as
valuable a purchase as Alaska. If we pay for
Alaska we shall pay for St. Thomas.
But are we to stop with the purchase of
Alaska and St. Thomas? No, sir. I believe
a treaty is now being negotiated with Denmark
for the purchase of Greenland and Iceland.
[Laughter.] Well, gentlemen, laugh at it. I
tell gentlemen who go for Alaska that Green-
land to-day is a better purchase. And the
man who votes for Alaska must vote for Green-
land or he v,ill be an inconsistent man. This
is not mere loose talk. I have had placed upon
my table since I began to speak to-day some
pages of a document now printing at the Gov-
ernment Printing Office for the State Depart-
ment, which shows that the purchase of Green-
land is in contemplation.
Mr. HIGBY. Was it written by Professor
Davidson ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. No, sir.
I have but a few leaves of the document, and
have not had time to look even at them. But
upon glancing over them at this moment I
observe a letter from Robert J.. "Walker, who
figures wherever there is any territory to be
bought, or any money to be appropriated to
pay for it. Here are full descriptions of Ice-
land and Greenland. Gentlemen laugh at this;
I tell them it is a serious thing.- And if they
do not believe it, I will read a few paragraphs,
beginning with a letter from Hon. R. J. Walker
to Mr. Seward:
"ATASHcraTON City, April 24,1868.
"Sir: When you did me the honor last summer to
call my attention to the treaty negotiated, by you
with Denmark, by which we acquired the important
islands of St. Thomas and St. John. I ventured to
suggest to you the propriety of obtaining from the
same Power Greenland, and probably Icoland also.
You thought the suggestion worthy of serious, con-
sideration, and requested me to communicato to. you
in writing my views and the facts on the subject,
that they might bo on the files of the Department
and ready for use whenever the question might be
considered hereafter by the Government. In com-
pliance with that request this report is made."
Further on, in speaking of Iceland, he says it
has "fields beautifully green, mountains clothed
in purple heath, and the atmosphere is of as-
tonishing purity." Glancing further along I
discover a report of Benjamin M. Pierce, of
Harvard College, indorsed by the learned Pro-
fessor Benjamin Pierce, superintendent of the
Coast Survey. Professor Pierce discovers in
Iceland "the sure promise of a rich pros-
perity." But, Mr. Chairman, I must pause;
the more I say the more it seems necessary to
say, for the subject is inexhaustible, and as I
proceed new reasons are constantly arising to
fortify the opinions I have before expressed,
and though 1 may be threatened, as I was by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, with the
vengeance of the people if I opposed this meas-
ure, I say to him that he need give himself no
uneasiness on my account. Men talk about
" manifest destiny," and assure us that we are
destined to absorb this entire continent, and
the idea seems so grand that no one feels in-
clined to count the cost or inquire into con-
sequences. When that day comes we shall
cease to be the '■ United States," but ■'States
dissevered, discordant, belligerent." Sir, I
will be no party to the inauguration of this
policy you now propose, of acquiring remote
and worthless possessions at the expense of
my constituents, and to them I appeal for my
justification.
The following is the translation of Russian
authorities, referred to in the speech of Mr.
Washeurx, of Wisconsin :
Russian Trieips and Bsthnalcn of the Value and Re-
sources of the Russian-American Possessions.
The ILussian-American possessions wero oxplorod
and inspected at various times by parlies seal lor
that purpose from St. Petersburg, and several of the
reports of the3e exploring and mopcctiug expeditions
were published by the naval department at 6f.
Petersburg.
Tiie toilowkig die .some of the prnicip.il Rusaiau
matenuls about the- Ilusssum colutiies, to wit:
Admiral Ludke's cruise round the world.
Captain B. M. Golowm's account of hits explora-
tions in 1809, 1810, and 1811, published by the depart-
ment of the navy in the appendix to the Naval
Coricction, (Morskoi Slornik.) 1S01, St. Petersburg.
Report of Superintendent Chi ebnikow, of the Kus-
sian-American Company's service, published in part
three of appendix to the Naval Collection, 1S31.
Captain Zagoskin's explorations of the rivers
Kwichpsk and Kuakowcn, published by tholmijcn.il
Geographical Society, 1842.
Captain Tebenkow's Hydrographic.il Atlas of the
Russian coast on the Pacific, accornpamcd bj ;.n
explanatory text, published m £sow Archangel anu
St. Petersburg.
lleport of Captain P. G-olowin to the High Admiral
i Giand Duo Constat*tin, of his inspection as imperial
| commissioner in Russian. America in 1S60 andlS'u,
published in the Naval Collection for January, 1SU2.
All of these writers weie high officials, and then
descriptions oftho country arc official reports mam-
to the authorities in St. Petersburg. , _ ,
They all complain about the violent storms waic.:
. reign throughout these regions, and complain a-vut
! the inclemency of climate in the colonies. A.td .
! all those writers caino there from St. i cteuuvn.-,
which has not been bles^ecl with a very ou-
iuate, their constant complaints arc the* more rem-n i<-
aule. fu all these writhe repeated mention ismauo
