1900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 16,
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No.
308) for the relief of the heirs of the late
Duncan L. Clinch, deceased.
executive session.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. RAMSEY. Before that is done I ask
the Senate to allow me to submit an amend-
ment to the Post Office appropriation bill, that
it may be referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations under our rules.
The PRESi DiNG OFFICER, (Mr. Con-
fess in t,he chair.) The amendment will be
received and referred, if there be no objection.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope wc shall proceed
to act finally on this bill this afternoon.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 hope we may get a vote
on this bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is perfectly manifest
that there can be no vote obtained 011 this bill
to-night unless* gentlemen intend to tiro every
Senator out.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on-tlie motion of the Senator from "Ore-
gon , that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty-four,
noes not counted.
After some time spent in executive,session,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 16, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of Saturday was read and
approved.
call of tiie states for bills, etc.
The SPEAKER stated, this being Monday,
the first business in order was the call of States
and Territories for bills and joint resolutions
for reference, and nor to be brought back by a
motion to reconsider, under which call joint
resolutions of States and Territories could also
be preseuted.
james c. clapp, deceased.
Mr. DAWES introduced a joint resolution
(II. It. No. 234) authorizing a settlement of
the_ accounts of James C. Clapp, deceased ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
william ii. newman and company, etc.
Mr. TABER introduced a bill (II. R. No.
912) to authorize the payment of the claim of
William H. Newman & Co. and L. A. Van
Hoffman & Co., of New York city : which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
steamship lrne to liberia.
Mr. MILLER presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of Pennsylvania, instructing I
their Senators and requesting their Represent- !
atives in Congress to urge upon the attention
of the General Government the propriety of
establishing a line of steamships from the
United States to Liberia, in Africa; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
john kelly.
Mr. MILLER also introduced a bill (H, R.
No. 013) for the relief of John Kelly, of Patter-
son, Juniata county, Pennsylvania; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
expenses op tiie legislative department.
Mr. BROOMALL introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. It. No. 235) providing for a saving
of expense in the legislative department; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee 011 Public Expenditures.
rehearing in patent cases.
9 Mr. MILLER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 0.14) allowing a rehearing in patent cases
before the district court of the United States
for the District of Columbia, and to allow an
appeal therefrom to the Supreme Court of the
United States; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
mary shedron.
Mr. KOONTZ introduced a bill (H. R. No.
915) for the relief of Mary Shedron; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
delaware post road.
Mr. NICHOLSON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 916) to establish a post road in the State
of Delaware; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Oflice and Post Roads.
house of correction in the district.
Mr. WELKER introduced a bill (II. R. No.
917) to amend an act entitled " An act to es-
tablish in the District of Columbia a House of
Correction for boys;'' which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia.
marinda stage
Mr. BUCKLAND introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 918) for the relief of Marinda Stage; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee 011 Military Affairs.
ohio post route.
Mr. VAN TRUMP introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 919) to establish a post road from New
Holland, in Pickaway county, Ohio, via Clarks-
burg and Greenland, in Ross county, to Chilli-
cothe, Ohio ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee 011 the Post
Office and Post Roads.
emily gardner.
Mr. ECKLEY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
920) for the relief of Emily Gardner ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
ii. h. earnest.
Mr. GOLLADAY introduced a joint resolu-
lution (II. R. No. 23(5) to authorize a settle-
ment of ihe claim of R. H. Earnest, lieutenant
colonel one hundred and fifteenth United States
colored troops; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
a. s. tiiurnick.
Mr. STOKES introduced a bill (IT. R. No.
921) for the relief of Major A. S. Thuruiek ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
harbor at michigan city.
Mr. COLFAX introduced a bill (II. II. No.
922) refunding the amount paid by private sub-
scription toward the improvement of Michigan
city, Indiana; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
supreme court.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 923) in relation to the Su-
preme Court; which was read a first and sec-
ond lime, aud referred to the Committee 011
the Judiciary.
harbor at milwaukee.
Mr. PAINE presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, for reimbursing the
city of Milwaukee for certain expenditures on
the harbor of that city; which, with accom-
panying documents, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
rights of parties under treaties, etc.
Mr. JOHNSON introduced abill (H. R. No.
924) to restore to certain parties their rights
under the treaties and laws of the U nited States;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
canal in california.
Mr. JOHNSON also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 925) granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of a canal in the State of California;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
p. s. m'donald.
Mr. DONNELLY introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. 11. No. 237) for the relief of Francis
S. McDonald ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
f. a. 'conwell.
Mr. DONNELLY" also introduced a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 238) for the relief of F.
A. Conwell, an Army chaplain; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
tbe Committee of Claims.
dihtiuct court in west virginia.
Mr. POLSLEY introduced abill (H. R. No.
926) to establish a district court at Lewisburg,
West Virginia; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
overflowed lands.
Mr. FLANDERS presented a memorial of
the Legislature of the Territory of Washington,
in relation to certain overflowed lands in King
county, Washington Territory; which was
ordered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
He also introduced a bill (H. R. No. 927)
in relation to certain oveiflowed lands in King
county, Washington Territory ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee 011 the Public Lands.
isaac e. iiiggins.
Mr. FLANDERS also presented a memorial
of the Legislature of Washington Territory,
asking relief for Isaac E. Higgins; which was
ordered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
Mr. FLANDERS also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 928) for the relief of Isaac E. Higgins;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
district courts in indiana.
Mr. NIBLACK introduced abill (H. R. No.
929) authorizing district courts to be held at the
cities of Evansville aud New Albany, in the
State of Indiana; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
philip renault. .
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania, intro-
duced a joint resolution (IT. it. No. 239) au-
thorizing a settlement of the claim of the
heirs of Philip R?nault for certain lands;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
promotion of americas commerce.
Mr. PIKE introduced a bill (H. R. No. 930)
to promote American commerce; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee 011 Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
interest on public debt.
Mr. BUTLER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
931) in regard to interest on the public debt;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee 011 the Judiciary.
marine hospital at cairo.
Mr. RAUM introduced a bill (II. R. No.
932) to authorize the erection of a marine hos-
pital at Cairo, Illinois ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
retiring army oiticers.
Mr. WARD introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. N. 240) in relation to retiring officers
of the Arui v ; which was read a first and second
time, aud referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
sarah smith.
Mr. SMITH introduced a bill (H. R. No.
933) for the relief of the heirs of Sarah Smith;
