510
THIS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J&nuary 14,
recognized for all purposes. They cannot be
retained to subserve the purposes of the legis-
lative department of the Government, as it is
proposed to do in the second section of this
bill, and at the same time excluded from the
aid of the executive or from the protection of
the judiciary department of the Government,
or, in the language of the bill, their recognition
prohibited by the executive ancbjudicial depart-
ments.
Mr. UPSON. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. LOAN. The gentleman must excuse
me until I get through, and then I will answer
any questions.
These State governments were organized
more than two years since in pursuance of
authority usurped by the President, and have
■ince been recognized by the executive depart-
ment of the Government as valid State govern-
ments, and as such entitled to a representation
in Congress upon au equality with the loyal
States.
The Supreme Court, in assigning judges to
hold courts in circuits composed of said States
and the holding circuit courts therein, has, in
the most solemn manner, recognized them as
▼alid State governments, and very recently it
is understood that the Attorney General has
officially declared his opinion to be that the
reconstruction acts are unconstitutional, this
opinion evidently being based on the assump-
tion that those States have valid State govern-
ments ; and this opinion is unquestionably cor-
rect if it is conceded that the governments are
valid. It is immaterial how or by what author-
ity these State governments were created. As
soon as they are recognized by the United
States as States in the Union all the rights—
as in the case of Texas when it was annexed
and California when it was admitted—attach
to them. At once they become entitled to rep-
resentation, acquire a standing in the courts,
and can demand the aid of the Executive for
p their protection, and the Constitution shields
them alike from congressional control or mil-
itary rule.
But Congress—the only department of the
Government that can legitimately recognize
these State governments on behalf of the
United States—has declared them not to be
lawful governments, and has provided by law
for the reconstruction and restoration of those
States to the Union; and the question now is
whether Congress will recede from this posi-
tion and yield the supremacy in these States
to rebel rule, which must inevitably result in
the triumph of the rebellion everywhere and
the destruction of the Republic, or will it main-
tain the legitimate authority of the Govern-
ment vindicate loyalty, and suppress treason.
The time has come that demands prompt
and decisive action. For Congress to hesi-
tate now is to yield. A decision mast now be
made whether Congress will recognize the
validity of the governments in the ten rebel
States, not in part or for special or particular
purposes, but in whole and for every purpose,
or whether it will abolish them, wipe them out
of existence, entirely remove them as obsta-
cles and unfriendly agencies in the way of
reconstruction.
If not abolished they will speedily compel
recognition. We must make up our minds to
accept one alternative or the other of the
dilemma. There is no middle ground nor is
there any escape. Loyalty Or treason must
triumph. I have no hesitation as to the decis-
ion I shall make. To me it has always been a
matter of amazement that the Congress should
declare the governments of those States not
lawful and yet permit them to remain and be
administered by disloyal officers, with such
vast powers over the lives and property of the
loyal citizens of the United States, and with
such facilities for interposing obstacles in the
way of reconstruction. When a State govern-
ment is not lawful it should be abolished ; and
when it is administered by disloyal officers they
should be removed.
I am aware of th« reasons which controlled
the action of the committee and induced them
to try and preserve those governments for
some purposes and to repudiate them for
others. Their desire to preserve the rights
of individuals acquired under these govern-
ments is very commendable, and speaks well
for the kindness of their hearts. But consid-
erations such as these cannot be allowed to
control. Individual rights must yield to the
public good. Congress must abolish these
governments or they will revolutionize the
Republic, and the committee seem apprehen-
sive that they will attempt the latter.
By the examination of the fourth section of
the bill it will be observed that it is declared
to be unlawful for the President to assist by
force of arms the authority of either of said
provisional governments in said disorganized
States, to oppose or obstruct the authority of
the United States, as provided in this act and
the acts to which this is supplementary. En-
tertaining the opinions which they must have
entertained to induce them to report that fourth
section, how they came to do it is to me per-
fectly astounding. I will read the section,
that it may be seen what it proposes:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That it shall bo
unlawful for the President of th# United States to
order any part of the Army or Navy of the United
States to assist by force of arms the authority of
either of said provisional governments in said disor-
ganized States, to oppose or obstruct the authority
of the United States as provided in this act, and the
acts to which this is supplementary.
It is then declared that it shall be unlawful
for the President to use any part of the Army
or the Navy to assist the authority of any pro-
visional government in these unreconstructed
and disorganized States. The committee seem
to have contemplated such an exigency as
possible, or why do they travel out of the rec-
ord unnecessarily to report to this House, and
ask for action upon it, an incendiary section
of that kind, if there is no occasion to war-
rant it?
That is the result of their timidity. They
had not the manly courage to abolish and wipe
out these dangerous, disloyal, and unfriendly
governments. They are there to-day arrayed
against the lawful authority of this Govern-
ment. They are still in existence in the inter-
est of rebellion, and they are sustained, up-
held, and supported by the Executive of this
Republic and by many of its officers. Yet in
an hour of peril like this, when the very safety
of the Republic itself i3 trembling in the bal-
ance, this committee forget the great issues
involved, and propose to preserve these rebel
governments for legislative purposes, and to
exclude them from executive and judicial pro-
tection. This is paralleled only by the pre-
vious action of this committee. They have
heretofore four or five times sought in this way
to secure the object intended. Yet every gen-
tleman of ordinary intelligence could at once
see what was the most direct, straightforward
road to the point to be reached. They should
have moved upon the enemy's works at once,
and not shirked the responsibility.
It seems to me that no loyal man can hesitate
as to the course that should be pursued. Let
us abolish those bastard State governments,
administered as they are by traitors, and at
once remove the most serious obstacles that
have yet been encountered in the way of loyal
reconstruction. Let us, as proposed in the
substitute which I will offer, if I have the oppor-
tunity, charge that great captain and patriot—
the General of the Army—with the duty of
mantaining order in those disorganized States,
and of enforcing the reconstruction acts of
Congress by military authority.
There can be no divided rule in those States.
It must be exclusively civil or military. There
can be no concurrent jurisdiction ; one must
be subordinated to the other. And the mili-
tary power is the only authority that can enforce
the reconstruction laws and give protection to
the people there. If we would have them
enforced in opposition to a hostile Executive
and an uncertain judiciary, we must provide
means for the execution of our laws.
But gentlemen on the other side may declare
such a course to be unconstitutional. In fact,
if I did not misunderstand the remarks of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] this
morning, he denies our right to interfere in
any way with those rebel governments.
The gentlemen on the other side of the
House may declare such a course to be uncon-
stitutional—revolutionary. 1 will not stop to
| controvert their views, but will rely upon prece-
dents in the past to sustain the position. When
the southern States seceded and commenced
j organizing troops in the interest of treason and
rebellion, that time-honored old Democrat,
; President Buchanan, could find no constitu-
tional authority to resist their attempt to dis-
rupt the Union and destroy the Republic,
i When Mr. Lincoln acceded to power, without
waiting for legislative authority, he called for
seventy-five thousand men, and as rapidly as
possible marches them on to the sacred soil"
of Virginia and other rebel States and made war
1 on the traitors. I would like to know whether
! any of the gentlemen on the other side of the
! House opposed the war within the borders of
: those States because it was without express
I j constitutional sanction ? Many of them have
! time and again quoted and indorsed the Crit-
; tenden resolution declaring that the war was
: i prosecuted only for the suppression of the re-
: j bellion, and I suppose they were in favor of the
j war to that extent. If they reject the doctrine
of Mr. Buchanan, that the Federal Govern-
ment has no authority to preserve its own
existence, and concede that the Government
may make war upon seceding rebel States,
with the view of suppressing rebellion, they
concede everything. They can only justify
this concession by the further admission that
those States in making war upon the Federal
Government have placed themselves beyond
the pale of the protection of the Federal Con-
stitution and have destroyed their practical
relations to the Union. Whenever gentlemen
find authority justifying the prosecution of the
war for the suppression of the rebellion I will
find authority justifying this Government in
continuing the war to its logical conclusion,
and to its legitimate results.
I ask those gentlemen where they find any
authority for marching a hostile army into
any State of this Union against the consent
of the Legislature and the Governor thereof?
The Federal Government is expressly prohib-
ited by the Constitution from committing such
an act. Was it because the States in rebel-
lion had suspended their practical relations to
the Government ? This cannot be the case ;
for the Federal Government in the summer
of 1861 sent into Missouri nearly eighty thou-
sand soldiers against the wishes of the Gov-
ernor of the State and of the Legislature. In
fact, Federal soldiers helped to drive the
Governor and Legislature out of the State;
and yet the relations of Missouri to the Uniou
remained unimpaired.
If our soldiers had the right to shoot down
traitors in arms who were aiming a death-
blow at the Republic, the Congress of the
United States, made up of the representatives
of those soldiers, has the right to secure the
fruits of the victories won by their valor and
to make secure that for which they fought.
The truth is, the Constitution has not pro-
vided by law for a rebellion nor prescribed any
constitutional safeguard for the protection of
rebels; and this whole war has been conducted
on the idea of the reserved power of the peo-
ple that best finds expression in the maxim
that "the people's safety is the supreme law,"
and that it is always constitutional to preserve
the Government. Our soldiers never hesitated
to do anything that was necessary to be done
to save the Government; and most nobly have
they performed the task assigned them in the
bloody drama of this unhallowed civil war. At
the cost of untold millions of treasure and the,
sacrifice of the lives of more than half a mil-
lion of the bravest and best in the land, they
have dispersed the armies of the rebellion and
saved the Republic. Shall we now hesitate in
