400
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July T,
Ho. os Reps.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Butler.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
of the tluek, continuous fogs which render naviga-
tion extremely perilous. , , , _ ,
Captain Tebenkow, who published the atlas of the
oountry, speaks of the want of proper places for the
landing of vessels on the continent; that the water
is so deep close to the shore as to render it impossi-
ble to anchor, while at the mouth of the two large
rivers, Kwichpak and Kuskowen, a line of shoals
extends from Stuart Island to-the Cape of Good
News.
And Captain Zagoskin, who was sent to explore
these rivers for three years, reports that he could not
discover any channel over this line of shoals for the
passage of vessels.
Captain Go In win states that the bays on the Aleu-
tian islands are unprotected and rendered perilous
by projecting boulders and>submerged rocks, added
to which fogs prevail continually during the sum-
mer and autumn, and in winter and spring the bays
are filled with floating ice.
In regard to the soil, climate, and vegetation,
Captain Golowin states: "The islands of the Rus-
sian-American colonies are in general of volcanic
formation; the elevated portions disclose on the
surface granite, volcanic clay, and petrified shells,
but the generality of the country presents large sur-
faces of 4 thundra,' swamps covered with moss, and
of morass. The tops of mountains are all covered
■with perpetual snow. On the Aleutian Islands there
is no timber."—P. 26.
The attempt made in 1808 to plant trees on these
islands proved a complete failure. The climate on
the island is in reality the most unfavorable. Kain
and fog reign continually. Clear days are very few.
On the Kenaian bay the cold is extremely severe.
Berries on Kodiak are palatable, but those on Sitka
are watery and without taste. On Kodiak potatoes
and turnips are cultivated in gardens, butcabbago
never forms heads. The experiments of raising rye
have all been failures.—-P. 27.
It is difficult to make any hay on account of tho
continuity of the wet season in summer.—P. 54.
Asregards ship-timber, Captain Golowin states, on
page 71: " New ships are but seldom built here and
only small crafts, because it is more easy and prof-
itable to contract for ships in the United States, as
such vessels made of oak last five times longer than
those made in New Archangel of cedar orpine wood.
Superintendent Chlebnikow states (part 3, p. &>)
that the houses, barracks, and other buildings con-
structed underBaranow, who took possession of Sitka
in 1805, were all rotten and had to be rebuilt by the
company at his removal in 1817. Chlebnikow pro-
ceeds to enumerate eighteen publicbuildings at New
Archangel which had to be completely rebuilt.
On page 136 Chlebnikow mentions the fact that
by reason of the peculiarly wet climate buildings
and ships rot very fast, and still more so is it the case
■with tho rigging and sails. On page 135 he speaks
about tho difficulty and expense of keeping cows,
because of the scarcity of hay, which is very difficult
to make or cure by reason of the continuous rainy
and wet weather during the summer months.
Captain Tebenkow, in the text to his atlas, men-
tions that cows dislike the grass grown on the islands,
and that they have to be fed mostly on imported fod-
der.
As regards the fur trade Captain Golowin states
that it is continually on the decrease. His report is
accompanied by full statistical tables, extending from
1842 to 1860. It is remarkable how the fur trade has
been decreasing of late years; for instance, from the
tables of the fur trade with th« " Koloshes," at New
Archangel, it appears that from 1842 to 1860 there
were obtained of sea-otters (tho most valuable fur)
one thousand and forty pieces in the harbor and four
hundred and ninety-five in the bays—together fifteen
hundred and thirty-five pieces. But these were ob-
tained almost exclusively in the first ten years. Dur-
ing thelast fiveyearsof theperiod to which the table
refers not a single sea-otter was obtained at New
Archangel. The official tables show asimilar decrease
of the other furs at New Archangel; and the tables
of tho other districts disclose also a considerable grad-
ual decrease in the quantity of furs obtained, and
principally those of more valuable quality.
Hydrographic Atlas of the Russian Possessions on the
Pacific, with descriptive text (in Russian) by Captain
Tebenkow, St. Peter xburo, 1852.
Captain Tebenkow, of the Russian service, re-
mained many years in thecolonies; the charts of his
atlas were made and engraved under his direction at
Sitka. In the text he states:
The rivers Kwichpak and Kuskowin have their
entrances barred from the sea by a line of shoals
extending from Stuart Island to the Cape of Good
News. The surveys were made by Etolin, Chrom-
chcnko, and Vassilev.—Pp. 5 and 6.
The northern shore of the peninsula of Alaska has
but few accessible points; thecountryis covered with
lakes inclosed between steep mountains, and volca-
noes of immense height, fromnine thousand to eleven
thousand two hundred and seventy feet.
The shores of Bristol Gulf present steep rocky
ridges, the ground covered with sand and pebble;
inland innumerable lakes extend which are joined
together by thousands of rivulets passing through
swamps and " thundra."—P. 13.
Theentranceto Kenaian bay between CapeDouglas
and Cape Elizabeth is very dangerous on account of
a peculiar surf called there "sulloy," which causes the
water to rise and form, as it ^ere, a wall six to ten
feet higher than the water in the bay.—P. 18.
The Bay of Tschugatch presents no anchorage,
being from seventy-five to one hundred fathoms
deep.—<P. 23.
The river Atna is not navigable, its entrance being
barred by sand, while numerous rapids obstruct its
course.—P. 24.
The width of the land (on the continent) between
the sea and the mountains, covered with everlasting
snow is not more than ten miles. It is much broken,
steep, inaccessible to cultivation except in very few
small spots, and exposed to tremendous blasts a,nd
snow avalanches.—P- 30.
French bay not fit for anchorage.—?. 34.
The islands compare with the fiords of Norway.
They are inhospitable on account of roeks, reefs, sud-
den tides, storms, and fogs, and the floating ice crowd-
ing tho bays nearly the whole year round.—P. 36.4
The harbor of New Archangel is dangerous, with
all east winds, and the fog renders navigation still
more hazardous.—P. 38.
Captain Tebenkow says that of all the islands the
bestisBehring, most suitable for cultivation andhav-
ing good harbors. But this is one of the islands re-
served by Russia.—P. 127.
§V?p2-e £.8^8 Bp
ass STaTers* ® ©
P-2! g: •  S"3.g.®
§,! f-
©' :
P: •
cr: :
3 & <TT--
a> r*
t=>!
: tele
: e jr -■
: cr} ® >
co *-*■
i "a ' tto-oooioo 1
J-* tO CO CO O to Ji.
t—1 mcoq 55 o«o
*
Sea beavers.
<£><£ 1
Oi-JT
CO cn CO >—1 «
tc C"! —S(X>iO
«COOCO>—'OS
Riverbeaver.
Otter.
Pox.
<£>OQO
1g1
C/i COCK
h-w i i o i m i
udVt cn cr>
t-w—T 00 oo
COCO Ci "7
' oomo) 1
<x> cl" t-o
—JOO-TCi
l Wolf.
coco
Bear.
Sable.
Pur seal.
Tails of s*a
beaver.
Lynx.
tot-1
w-O
tocrt ' '
<j&qo
Muskrat.
Arctic fox.
I
I—I <s-.
a ^
o .©
B ^
©* ^
2. tp
si.
co £*
Ss
§■ £
Co
B' 3.
M S
CO
os
s ^
Purchase of Alaska.
SPEECH OF HON. B. F. BUTLER,
OP MASSACHUSETTS,
Ik the House of Representatives,
July 7, 1868.
Tho Houso being in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and having under consideration
the bill (H. R. No. 1096) making an appropriation to
carry into effect the treaty with Russia of March 30,
1867—
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, said:
Mr. Chairman : I had intended when this
subject was first opened to have, with some
elaboration, brought together such views as
might occur to me on this great question and
presented them to the House; for in my judg-
ment it is one of the greatest which will ever
occupy the attention of the American Con-
gress. I am precluded now from so doing by
the very able and exhaustive report and argu-
ment of the minority of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs covering the whole ground;
but with the leave of the Committee of the
Whole I propose to state discursively perhaps,
conversationally in any event, some of the
reasons which will control fny vote.
We are told here that our judgments are
compelled, our consciences bound, our honor
pledged in advance to appropriate this money
because of the ratification of the treaty between
us and Russia. If that be so, sir, why are we
called upon to act on the question at all ? be-
cause then we are as much tied down as ever
Gulliver was with every hair of his head pegged
to the ground. Why has the Constitution put
into our hands the purse strings of the Gov-
ernment if there is any other branch or aggre-
gation of branches or officers of the Govern-
ment which cau compel us to pay money at
their pleasure? If the doctrine contended for
here is the true one, there is the end of the
House of Representatives in many of its func-
tions. The doctrine contended for by the
majority of the .Committee on Foreign Aifairs,
as I understand it, is that wherever a treaty is
made in due form by the President and ratified
by the Senate, between any nation or nations
and this Government, it becomes from that
moment the supreme law of the land, part of
the constitutional law of the land, above stat-
utes, above Congress, and there can be no
change in its provisions by legislation or other-
wise any more than in the Constitution itself;
for I understand the claim put forward here is
not that a treaty is above the State laws alone,
but that it is'superior to any other law; that it
controls Congress itself. Sir, if that be so,
then the control over the revenues of this
Government and the control over the expend-
itures of the Government have passed away
from the House to the President and Senate
acting together executively.
Let me call your attention to a single view,
which will illustrate what I am saying. Quite
all our treaties to-day require that we shall
give to every other nation the same commer-
cial privileges and rights that are enjoyed by
the most favored nations under any treaty with
us. Now, if the President chooses to make,
and the Senate chooses to ratify, a treaty of
free trade and commerce between this nation
and any other, every tariff law you have is
repealed," and the treaty stipulations in regard
to these subjects cannot be interfered with by
legislation, because they are the supreme law.
Am I not right? Is *here any escape from
this position? Once more. If the President
chooses and the Senate consents, a treaty may
be made by which millions upon millions may
be borrowed from another nation and we be
made that nation's perpetual bond-slave for the
debt; and we in Congress can do nothing in
the world but to appropriate the money to pay
the interest year by year in this House, that
our master, the Executive, and our lords, the
Senate, have bound us to pay by this supreme
law enacted by treaty.
We are told that a treaty is the supreme law
of the land, and we cannot in honor get away
from it; that we cannot avoid it without war.
That is the last argument addressed to us by
my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding.] Let
me pause here a moment and examine the
bold contradiction in which he involves him-
self and see whether he himself will, upon
examination, stand up to it. He made an argu-
ment to the House early in the session, prov-
ing, as I thought conclusively, that we had
the full right to examine fully and pass upon
every question in regard to the treaty; that it
was not only our right, but our duty so to do.
That I believe to have been and still to be per-
