1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
anoe, so small in comparison with the „
loss, so inconsiderable and contemptible m com-
parison to the great work that these contract-
ors accomplished for the Government in time
of war, it seems to ine ought not to be delayed
a day longer. The Senator from Missouri lias
charge of another bill. I ask him why, as that
bill comes from the same committee, he shall
antagonize that to this ? They are not in antag-
onism. This bill rests upon the report of the
board, and I think he has no right to antag-
onize the two measures.
Mr. DRAKE. I will state to the honorable
Senator that the claims which are represented
in the bill I reported come equally from a
board established under the very act that the
board was established under that his bill rep-
resents.
Mr. HENDRICKS. _ No, Mr. President, the
Senator from Missouri is mistaken. The board
that he speaks of was organized not under a
law of Congress, but simply under a resolution
of the Senate passed at an executive session.
It did not have the force of law, and therefore
the report of that board was not in the nature
of an award, and that resolution of the Senate
allowed that board to take into consideration
all losses from whatever cause. This is under
the law of Congress, a board organized under
the law which restricted it in the allowance to
such losses as were occasioned by the Govern-
ment directly, and not occasioned by the gen-
era! appreciation in labor and materials.
Mr. NYE. The resolution referred to by
the honorable Senator from Indiana I intro-
duced myself at an executive session. Under
it the first board was formed, and after that
board reported, the honorable Senator from
Indiana, one of the Senators from West Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Willey,] and myself had it re-
ferred to us, as a sub-committee of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, to report the amount
due. We reported a bill. The chairman of
our committee moved an amendment to reduce
the amount, and that bill was lost. Now, Mr.
President, I have only a word to say. It seems
to me that the interests of these men who so
faithfully served this country in the hour of
need are being trifled with by this delay. They
are hanging on the very verge of bankruptcy.
They have been for three or four years strug-
gling with Congress with all their might to get
temporary relief from the embarrassments that
are oppressing them. Now, I appeal to the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri whether it is
worth while to ask delay on these amounts
that are adjudicated by the chosen officers of
this Government; who have acted with great
caution at least in allowing under the terms
of the law itself only what they would be enti-
tled to allow.
Mr. DRAKE. All I asked was an oppor-
tunity to refresh my knowledge of the facts of
the case from the documents; but if these gen-
tlemen take it so much at heart, I do not know
that I shall insist on that request.
Mr. NYE. The facts have been put before
the Senate during the last half hour so that the
honorable Senator cannot fail to see them. It
is a case so clear that I submit to the Senate it
is trifling with these men, who are trembling
on the verge of bankruptcy, to attempt now to
delay their payment a day longer, and I hope
it will not be done.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 will not press the post-
ponement.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the order of the
day will be proceeded with.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, and I think if the Senator from Illinois
will permit it to be voted upon the bill may be
passed in a few minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. _ Is it the
pleasure of the Senate to pass over informally
the unfinished business of the last sitting ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. It is very
manifest, I will say to the Senator from Ore-
gon, that this bill cannot pass without dis-
cussion. The Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmonds] wishes to look into it, and the Sen-
ator from Missouri [Mr. Drake] has asked to
have it go over. Two or three Senators rose
to take the floor when I called for the order
of the day. It seems to me we ought to pro-
ceed with that business at once.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
of the day is the bill (H. R. No. 1058) to
admit the States of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Georgia, and Alabama to represent-
ation in Congress, upon which bill the Sen-
ator from Maryland [Mr. Vwkkbs] is entitled
to the floor.
presidential approval.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. William G. Moore, his Secre-
tary, announced that the President had, on the
8th instant, approved and sigued the following
bills;
An act (S. No. 331) to extend the time for
completing the military road authorized by an
act entitled "An act granting lands to the
States of Michigan and Wisconsin to aid in
the construction of a military road from Fort
Wilkins, Copper Harbor, Keweenaw county, in
the State of Michigan, to Fort Howard, Green
Bay, in the State of Wisconsin :
An act (S. No. 190) to further provide for
giving effect to the various grants of public
lands to the State of Nevada ;
An act (S. No. 320) for the relief of George
Lynch, a soldier ®f the war of 1812 ; and
An act (S. No. 188) to amend an act entitled
"An act for the relief of the inhabitants of
cities and towns upon the public lands,"
approved March 2, 1807.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R.
No. 1039) to admit the State of Arkansas to
representation in Congress.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following resolution:
llewlved. That the Senate bo invited to join with
the House of Representatives in tlio Hall of the
House in the reception of the embassy from the
Chinese empire to the United States of America, at
eleven o'clock a. m. on Tuesday.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills of the
Senate:
A bill (S. No. 319) granting a pension to
Bridget W. McGrorty and the minor children
of William B. McGrorty, deceased;
A bill (S. No. 339) granting a pension to
Sarah Webb, widow of William R. Webb, and
her minor children; and
A bill (S. No. 419) granting a pension to
Mary Atkinson.
The message also announced that the House
had also passed the following bills, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. II. No. 218) granting a pension
of seventeen dollars per month to David
Duhigg, of Lynden, Vermont, father of late
First Lieutenant Dennis Duhigg, of company
M, first regiment Vermont artillery ;
A bill (H. R. No. 250) granting a pension to
George Truax, late a private in company II,
first regiment of Virginia volunteers ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1101) granting a pension
to Margaret Davis ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1165) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Cassidy ;
A bill (II. R. No. 11G6) granting a pension
to Louisa M. Williston ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1107) granting a pension
to Esther Graves ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1108) granting a pension
to Frederic Denning ;
A bill (II. R. No 1109) granting a pension
to Joseph B. Rodden;
A bill (H. R. No. 1170) granting a pension
! to Eliza Matthews;
I A bill (H. R. No. 1171) granting a pension
to William F. Nelson;
A bill (H. R. No. 1172) granting a pension
to Lucinda .1. Letcher ; t
A bill (II. R. No. 1173) granting a pension i
to Julia A. Barton;
A bill (H. R. No. 1174) granting .a pension
to Julia Carroll;
A bill (H. R, No. 1175) granting a pension"
to Cornelia Peaslee;
A bill (H. R. No. 1170) granting a pension
to Mary Cover, widow of SamuSl Cover, de-
ceased, late a private in company G, of '~ie
fifty-sixth regiment of Pennsylvania vo  n-
teers;
A bill (H. R. No. 1177) granting a pension
to Malinda Ferguson, widow of James Fer- .
guson, late a private in company C, of the first U
regiment of Kentucky cavalry ; "
A bill (II. Ii^, No. 1178) granting a pension
to Mary Merchant, mother of Timothy II.
Pittsford, deceased, late a private in company
G, of the first United States veteran engineer
corps;
A bill (H. R. No. 1179) granting a pension
to Mary A. Falardo, widow of Onesimus Fa-
lardo, deceased, late a private in company K,
of the one hundred and twenty-fifth regiment
of New York volunteers ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1180) granting a pension
to Phcebe McBride, mother of Thomas Mc-
Bride, late a private in company B, of the
eighty- seventh regiment of Illinois volunteers ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1181) granting a pension
to Harriet E. Shears, widow of Jojin T.
Shears, deceased, late a private in company H,
of the fifty-seventh regiment of Illinois vol-
unteer infantry;
A bill (H. R. No. 1182) granting a pension
to William H. Blair, late a private in company
G, of the twelfth regiment of Maine volun-
teers ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1183) granting a pension
to Christopher M. Corninessor, late a private
in the independent Iowa home guards.
transfer of a suit. *
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to ask the con-
sent of the Senator from Maryland, who is
entitled to the floor, and also of the Senator
having in charge the bilf which is the regular
order, to allow me to call up a joint resolution
which I think will meet with no objection and,
can be passed in a moment, and which is a
matter of some consequence in point of time.
The chairman of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary knows the resolution to which I refer. A
suit has been brought in the West Virginia
State courts to recover a very valuable part
of the Harper's Ferry property. The court is
to occur in about a week; and for reasons
which can be stated in a moment it is very
important to authorize the transfer of the suit
to the Federal courts. The House of Rep-
resentatives has passed a resolution to that
effect and sent it here. The Maryland delega-
tion know personally the facts, and are inter-
ested in having it done. The Senator from
West Virginia [Mr. Willey] knows also about
them and has a letter explaining them. I ask
that the regular order be laid aside for a
moment, that we may take up the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is it the
pleasure of the Senate to pass by the order of
the day informally for the purpose of proceed-
ing to the consideration of the resolution
indicated ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before that is done I
will suggest to the Senator from New York
that a bill prdp'osing to take a single case out
of one court into another will hardly pass with-
out some examination.
Mr. CONKLING. I think if the Senator
will hear a brief letter read in reference to
this it will pass without any discussion or oppo-
sition from him, at all events ; but if he says
he will discuss it I will not press it now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not say that. _
Mr. CONKLING. It is simply a proposi-
tion to get a fair trial in a, case in which the
United States is interested _in the-Iederal
courts, in place of having it disposed of under
local influence.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator move to postpone the order of the
day ?
Mr. CONKLING. I do, unless some Sen-
