1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
40th Cong.... 2d Sess.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Butler.
Ho. (If Rem.-
fectly sound constitutional law, with the limit-
ation that the treaty calls upon the law-making
power to do something to carry it into effect.
The gentleman now says that the President
and the Senate have so concluded us J>y their
treaty and bound us to pay for this territory,
that though it ivere an iceberg covered with
walruses—whether that would make any differ-
ence in its value or not I do not know—yet
he would feel himself bound to vote the money
to pay for it. Why ? Because the treaty com-
pels his conscience and binds his honor so
to vote ; that he has no choice left, and he
likens the case to the case of France in the
contest with Jackson, from which there was
no escape on her part save by war. What,
then, becomes of his earlier argument that it
was our right and duty to examine and determ-
ine all questions arising under a treaty if we
are thus in honor and conscience bound to
carry out its provisions whatever they inaybe?
But is that doctrine true? It early challenged
examination in the year 1790 upon the appro-
priation bill to carry into effect the Jay treaty,
and there, after the fullest discussion, it was
agreed that the House of Representatives has
aright and that it is their duty to examine and
determine upon every treaty that is not self-
executing.
Now, what is a self-exeeuting treaty? It is
one which by its terms calls upon no branch
of the Government to do anything to carry it
into full effect after its ratification by the Exec-
utive with the advice of the Senate sitting in
executive session, so that we may say simply
a treaty to be carried into effect by the execu-
tive branch only which made and ratified it.
But where the other branches of the Govern-
ment are called upon to enforce it by law, there
all nations have the fullest notice by the Con-
stitution of our Government, and the discus-
sions upon the first case aiising under it, and
a solemn resolution of this House declaring the
doctrine that no nation is at liberty to act upon
such a treaty until that branch of the Govern-
ment having the right to examine and pass
iaws to carry it into full effect has spoken.
This doctrine of the rights of this House has
never since been challenged. Jefferson did
not challenge it in 1800, in the treaty purchase
of Louisiana, but expressly admitted it; and
when we acquired territory from Mexico under
the Gadsdeu treaty William H. Seward, the
Secretary of State, who negotiated this treaty
under discussion, voted in the Senate of the
United States against appropriating the §10,-
000,000required by the Gadsdeu treaty to carry
it into effect, although that treaty had been
ratified by the very Senate in which he was
sitting as a member. Ay, and not only^that,
but the present Chief Justice of the United
States, bringing to the question all those great
qualities of mind and stability and depth of
thought which now challenge the admiration
of the country, voted side by side with Mr.
Seward against appropriating money for the
Gadsden treaty, and that, too, after the House
of Representatives had consented to the appro-
priation to carry it into effect. The order of
business which strengthens the argument was
this : in the first place, the Senate ratified the
treaty; the House of Representatives then
passed the appropriation necessary to carry it
into effect; the appropriation bill went to the
Senate for its concurrence, and Mr. Chase,
Air. Seward, and Mr. Wade, then, and in that
stage of the bill, recorded their votes against
if. I say, therefore, explicitly, that the doc-
trine never has been challenged down to this
day that the House of Representatives have a
right when called upon to carry out a treaty
by appropriation ot money or enactment of
law to examine, to deliberate, and to decide
whether to appropriate or not to appropriate,
pass laws or not to pass laws, as they choose.
All the nations of the earth, friendly or_ un-
friendly, must take notice of that stateof our
constitutional law, and they have no right to
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 2(1
complain of the result of our deliberations in
that regard.
But what says my friend from Ohio, [Mr.
Spalding-?] He agrees that I am correct in
every one of these positions, yet he says that he is
bound to vote to carry into effect this treaty
because the United States Government have
taken possession of this Russian territory. i take
issue with him upon the fact. That is exactly
what the United States Government has not
done. One branch of the United States Govern-
ment, without any authority of law, without
any act of Congress, withoutany constitutional
right, did what our fathers never believed could
be done, and what a whole party once rose up
and objected to even in time of war. i say the
Executive in time of peace marched an armed
force on to foreign territory to take military
possession thereof. Point me to the constitu-
tional provision which allows the President of
the United States in time of peace to march the
Army of the United States upon foreign terri-
tory, and to take possession of that territory
unsupported by congressional enactment. It
was doubted, 1 say, by a great political party
if that could be done constitutionally by the
President, in the war with Mexico, even by the
aid of an act of Congress. The action of the
President of the United States in taking pos-
session of this Russian land was wholly with-
out constitutional authority, without right, and
without law, and has no binding force and
effect whatever, because he cannot bind the
United States in that way. If we are bound
by the treaty, be it so ; but by the unconstitu-
tional act of rhe President we cannot be bound ;
and, for one, I will never consent to so dan-
gerous a precedent.
The next proposition put to us is that we
are bound to pay this money bccause Rus-
sia is a friendly Power, and has been our
friend for fifty years. Well, if we are to pay
this price as usury on her friendship, we are
! paying f'orit very dear, indeed. It we are to pay
for her friendship this amount I desire to give
her the $7,200,000 and let her keep Alaska,
because I think it may be a small sum to give
for the friendship if we could only get rid of
the laud, or ice, rather, which we are to get by
paying it. Because, whatever maybe the worth
of Alaska, whatever may be its prospective
value, one thing is certain, and there is no man
here who doubts it, that the great question of
cost is not what we have to pay for if, but
what we shall have to pay to take care of it;
to put ships of war there, to put the coast sur
vey there, to institute a territorial government
there, to make judicial districts there, with
judges to decide disputes where there never
will be any except between the Indians and
the few who go there to plunder them. \\ hat
is to be this expense? Your appropriation
bills will show,year by year, ail increase equal
one half at least of the amount which is now
to be paid for this territory, simply to take care
of it, and this, too, without any returns. It is
already in testimony before you, and I now
hold it in my hand, that for ten years the en-
tire product of all this country of Alaska did
not exceed $3,000,000. It is true there were
other exports, but they were exports of im-
ported articles, Alaska having had the. monop-
oly of the tea trade.
I now say again, that if we are called upon
to preserve the friendship of Russia by money
I, for one, would prefer to pay her the money
and let her keep Alaska. I have no doubt that
she would rather give us Alaska and get rid
of the expense of it to herself and throw her
friendship into the bargain and let us keep our
money than that she should keep the territory.
I have no doubt that any time within the last
twenty years we could have had Alaska tor the
asking. I have heard it was so stated in the
Cabinets of two Presidents, provided we would
t have taken it as a gilt. But no man, except
j one insane enough to buy the earthquakes in
St. Thomas and ice-fields in Greenland, could
be found to agree to any other' terms for its
acquisition by this country. ^ ' •
' 1 agree that Rnssia has been friendly to' tie.'
But f think "that friendship 'has dams from
thife, not that she has loved us any better, bftl
that she has hated England and France mdre—
England, our hereditary eneriiy, arid France,
who beeafne out8 enetity through her'att&ck
upon Mexico. Russia looked-'to lis irtd our
moral, and if need be material, aid to keep
them quiet while she pursae'd'tlie 'grartrfest
system of conquest and acquisition of terri-
tory that the world has ever seeii. That sys-
tem is just now culminating tb' the astonish-
ment of the statesmen of England aud Prance.
While they thought they had bu'mbled Russia
by destroying Sebastopol, which would be
about the same in comparison as dismantling
Key West would be to check the carter up-
ward and onward of this country; while tlrey
dreamed they had humbled Russia and hin-
dered her victorious progress, she was march-
ing through Oireassia, subduing to her will
a province, nay a kingdom, greater than all
the British isles. She lias been marching
on and on, further and yet still further, until
after thirty years of steady and persistent
progress in aggression and conquest she has
now brought all Northern Asia within her
grasp, and claims the rich country of Bok-
hara as her outermost possession. I cannot
too much admire the power of that Govern-
ment, that autocracy, not checked by the
allied attack of France, England, Italy, and
Turkey upon her outpost of Sebastopol, con-
tinuing her conquering march, even as the siege
progressed, on and on until she has absorbed
countries in the East fertile, populous, and
powerful, greater in resources and wealth by
many, many times than ever can be a score of
Alaskas. Now, while she has thrown off what
is to lier an excrescence, a meie wen upon her
empire, and we pick it up and pay her a great
price for it, slie absorbs countries enough to
make her the most powerful nation on the
globe. It is that she may have our assistance
and our material and moral aid in this great
march of progress that she has been our friend,
anxious to maintain friendly relations with
America. There can be, there;has been, no
particular kind-heartedness, cordiality, or affin-
ity between autocracy and democracy. They
are the positive and negative poles of govern-
mental ideas and action. He must have iliy
read the history of the world who believes
there is so much of disinterested, gushing
friendship here. The secret of this friendship
is that the empire of democracy m the West,
threatening with her maritime strength the
great nations of England and France, may
hold them in check, while the great autocrat
may make his conquering march to the very
gates of British India, until, as we are in-
formed by the latest telegram across the Atlan-
tic, the question asked in England's Cabinet
is, « Does Russia mean British India?' That
is the next question to be discussed in the
House of Lords.
Time warns me to hasten on. A single word
further as to the value of this territory of
Alaska. I do not know what it is worth ; I
cannot find out what it is worth. And my
excellent friend and colleague, the chairman
of the Committee oil Foreign Relations, [Mr.
Baxks,] has failed to bring me the best evi-
dence ot what it is worth when he had it in his
power. He has brought mc_telegrams, news-
paper articles, paragraphs from aewspapers,
written by some Bohemian who was dear at
thirty dollars a week: and upon them he expect s
me to act in matters of the highest concern.
Is not that all? Has any other evidence been
produced here ? Yet when he made his report
I to this House there was on the floor of ilns
II House Genera! Rousseau, who had been in
command of that country for six months, and
' who could have.told us what sort of a country
-1 it was, what it was worth, and what it would
