1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
imi
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on invalid Pensions.
eastern judicial district, new york.
Mr. EIULBURD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 934) to repeal an act entitled ki An act to
create the eastern judicial district of the State
of New York," approved on the 25th day of
April. 1865, and to make provision for the
trial of causes pending in said district; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the call of the States and Territories in their
reverse order for resolutions, commencing with
the State of Illinois, where the call rested on
Monday last.
l'ay of a contestant.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I offer the following
resolution, upon which 1 demand the previous
question :
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent
fund of the House to A. C. Hunt, contestant of the
seat of Hon. george M. CmLCoxr, tho sitting Dele-
fate from the Tei ritory ot Colorado, the sum of
2,500, in full compensation for salary and mileage as
such contestant.
Mr. UVSON". I move that that resolution
be laid on the table.
Mr. FAHNS WORTH. I hope the gentle-
man will allow the vote to be taken directly
on the resolution. If there was ever a case
where a contestant should be paid this is one.
Mr. UPSON. There has been no contest.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the House allow
me two minutes to explain the resolution?
The SPEAKFR. If the resolution ^gives
rise to debate it goes over under the rule.
Mr. CIIANLER. 1 rise to debate it.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order,
pending the demand for the previous question.
The question was put in seconding the pre-
vious question, and no quorum voted.
Mr. VVASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask my
colleague to let the resolution be referred to
the Committee of Elections.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no objection
to that.
Mr. UPSON. Then I withdraw the motion
to lay on the table.
The resolution was then referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
national policy.
Mr. ROSS. I offer the following preamble
and resolutions, to which, 1 think, there will be
no objection, and upon which I demand the
previous question:
Whereas the Fortieth Congress of the United
States has been charged with disloyalty to the Gov-
ernment, and with a purpose to subvert and destroy
the essential principles and just balances upon
wuioh it re*ts: 1'h^reiore, with a view of re-assuiinsr
the friends of liee government an.d constitutional
liberty, and to put the public mind at rest in regard
to all such charges.
Be it renoloed* That the Constitution of the United
St«tt<"*3 is ttie supremo, paramount law of the land
bindinsr upon alt, and should be obeyed and enforced
b^ each ot the three coordinate departments ot the
Government. . *
2. That the power and authority of the federal
Government is paramouutand supreme totheextent
ot the delegated poweis, and may, in addition
tneieto, lawfully exercise such incidental powers as
may be necessary to execute the express grants.
3. That all other powers are reserved to the tetates
States and people respectively.
4. That we will faithfully abide by and strenu-
ously maintain the essential and fundamental princi-
ples ot tree government as established by our lathers
under theCoustituiion ot the United States.
5 That we oppose, emanate Irom whateversource
they may, all efforts, to render the military inde-
pendent of and superior to the civil power.
6. That we are opposed to the creation of a multi-
tude of new offices, and sending swarms of officers
to harass the people and eat out their substance.
7 That wo will oppose all efforts to deprive the
people of the right of the writ of habeas corpus and
trial by jury. . . , , ,,
8 That, it was wisely provided m our admirable
Constitution for executive, legislative, and judicial
departments of the Government, and that we will
strenuously oppose any encroacnment of either of
said departmcntsupon therightsand powers belong-
ing to the others. . .
9 That free speech, a free press, and a free ballot
are essential to the liberties of a free people, and
eannot be surrendered.
10. That we are opposed to a large standing Army
ic, time of peace, as dangerous to oivil liberty and
burdensome to the tax-payers.
11. That the peculation and fraud perpetrated on
the national Treasury by dishonest Government offi-
cials, amounting to over one hundred million dollars
per annum, should be speedily stopped.
12. That by a wise and economical administration
of the national Government$200,000,000may be saved
annually to the national Treasury.
13. That under our Constitution and form of gov-
ernment each St-tte has the right to determine for
itself as to what class of citizens shall exercise the
elective franchise in said State.
14. That no more Government bonds should be
issued which are not subject to the same rate of tax-
ation as other property.
15. That the national currency known as " gray-
backs" should be withdrawn from circulation, and
the vacuum supplied with legal-tender Treasuiy notes
known as "greenbacks."
The question was upon seconding the call
for the previous question.
Mr. BALDWIN. Would it be in order to
move to refer these resolutions to the gentle-
man who offered them, with instructions to in-
vestigate and ascertain if he cannot find more
resolutions of a similar character to present?
The SPEAKER. That would not be in
order. But, should the call for the previous
question not be sustained, a motion to refer
the resolutions to some committee would be
in order.
The question was then taken upon second-
ing the previous question ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 23, noes 79.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. ROSS called for tellers on ordering the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Ross and
Baldwin' were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 25, noes 74.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. ROSS. 1 now move to lay the resolu-
tions upon the table, and upon that motion I
call for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and there were twenty-four
in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being more than one fifth
of the lastvote) theyeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SPALDING. Is it in order to ask that
a separate vote be taken on each resolution ?
Mr. TABER. Is it in order to call for a
division of the question?
The SPEAKER. It is not, for the motion
is to lay the entire series upon the table.
Mr. ROSS. I have no objection to a sepa-
rate vote being taken on each resolution.
Mr. BLAINE. I object to it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would in-
quire of the Chair what is the pending motion?
The SPEAKER. To lay the series of reso-
lutions on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. By whom
is that motion made?
The SPEAKER. By the mover of the reso-
lutions.
Mr. WASHBQRNE, of Illinois. Then he
wants them laid on the table.
Mr. ROSS. I make that motion so astoget
gentlemen on the record.
The question was upon laying the resolu-
tions upon the table ; and being taken it was
decided in the negative—yeas 8, nays 133, not
voting 48 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Dawes, Farnsworth, Mayuard, Po-
land, Price, Taffe, Thomas, and Wood—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Archer, Arnell, Delos ii. Ashley, James M. Ashley,
Bailey, Baker, Baldwin. Banks, 13eaman, Beck, Bing-
ham, Blaine, Blair, Boutweil, Boyer, Bromwell,
Broomall, Buckland, Burr, Butler.. Cake, Caiy, Chan-
ler, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook,
Covode, Cullom, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs,
Eckley, Eia, Eidridge, Eliot, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields,
Garfield,Getz,Glossbrcnner, Golladay.Gravely, Gro-
ver, llaight, llighy, Holman, Hooper, Hopkins, Ches-
ter D. Hubbard, Ilulburd, Hunter, Ingorsoll. Jcnckes,
Johnson, Judd. Julian,Kclsey, Keir, Knott, Koontz,
Laflin, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lin-
coln, Loan, Log:m, Loughridge, Mallory, MeCIurg,
McCormick, McCullough, Morcur, Miller, Moore,
Moorhead, Morgan, Morrell, Mulhns, Mungen, My-
ers, Newcomb, Niblaek, Nicholson, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Pike, Plants, Polsley, Randall, Raum, Boss,
Sawyer, Sehenck, Scofield, Sclye, Shanks, Sitgreaves,
Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Stewart, Stokes,
Tabor, Taylor, John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble,
, Twichell, Upson, Van Auken, Robert T. Van Horn,
i Van Trump, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Llihu
I B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, William E,
1 Washburn, Wolkcr, Thomas Williama, William Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen E1.
Wilson, Windom* and Woodward^-133.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Axtell, Barnes, Baruum,
Beatty, Benjamin, Benton. Brooks, Reader W.
Clarke, Cornell, Eggleston, Finney, Fox. Gt.lswold,
Halsey, Harding, Hawkins. Hill, Hotchkiss, Asabei
W.Hubbard,Richard JD. Hubbard, Humphrey, Jones,
Kelley, Ketcham. Kitchen, Lynch, Marshall. Mar-
vin, McCarthy, Morrisscy, Nunn, Perham, Peters,
Phelps, Pile, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Robertson, Robinson,
Shellabarger, Aaron F. Stevens. Thnddeus Stevens.
Stone. Trowbridge, Van Aernam, Burt .Van Horn,
Van Wyck, and Woodbridge—48.
So the resolutions were not laid on the table.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move that the
resolutions be referred to the Committee oa
the Judiciary, and on that motion I call for
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion of Mr. Ashley, of
Ohio, was agreed to.
So the resolutions were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary,
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolutions were
referred ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.-
railroad land grant to state of iowa.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. <1 submit
the following preamble and resolution, on
which I demand the previous question:
Whereas by the act of Congress entitled "An act
making grants of land to the State of Iowa in alter-
nate sections to aid in the construction of certain
railroads in saidState," approved May 15,1856, land
was granted to build a railroad from ihe eity of I)u-
buqueto a point on the Missouri river near Sioux
City, with a branch from the mouth of the Tetes des
Morts to the nearest point on said road, to be com-
pleted as soon as the main road is completed to that
point; and whereas the main road was many years
since completed to the point where the said branch
should intersect; and whei ea.s the said branch has not
been built in accordance with the provisions of the
said act of Congress;
It is hereby resolved, That the Secretary of tho
Interior be directed to inform this House by what
Authority lands have been certified and confirmed to
the State of Iowa for the purpose of building said
road, in violation of said act of Congress requiring
the said branch to be built as aforesaid.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to modify the preamble of this resolu-
tion. 1 have no objection to the adoption of
the resolution calling for this information ; but
I think that some of the statements of the pre-
amble, intended as statements of fact, are
incorrect
Mr. WOOD. I object to debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I believe
all the statements are correct.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The previous question has been called, and the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood] ob-
jects to debate.
Mr. SCHENCK. Would it not be in order
for me to suggest a slight modification 'i
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York objects to debate, if the resolution gives
rise to debate it must go over under the rule.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In order
to meet tho objections of the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Ai.usox] and the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sohexck] 1 modify the second and
third clauses of the preamble so as to read as
follows:
And whereas it is alleaed that the main road was
many years sincc completed to the point where the
said branch'should intersect; and whereas it is also
alleged that tho said branch has not been bniltin
accordance with the provisions of tho said act of Con-
gress.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the preamble, as modified, and the
resolution were adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vole by which the preamble and
lesolution were adopted ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
legal tenders for redemption of bonds.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I submit the following
resolution, on which I demand the previous
question:
ftrnohert. That, for ths purpose of relieving the
