1902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16;
business of the country from the depressed condition
to which it has been brought by tho retiring of legnl-
tender notes from the volume of the currency hy the
Secretary of the Trcasuiy, an amount of legal-ten-
der notes equal to the amount heretofore retired
should be issued and restored to tho currency of tho
country, and that the amount of legal-tender notes
so restored should be used only in purchasing (or
cancellation any of the gold-intercst-boaring bonds
of tho United States.
Mr. BLAINE. I hope that the previous
question will not be seconded, and that this
resolution will be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope the previous
question will be seconded, that we may see
whether the House is in favor of the resolution
or not.
_ The SPEAKER. If the resolution gives
rise to debate it must go over under the rule.
The question is on seconding the demand for
the previous question.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 41, noes 73.
Mr. HSfGERSOLL. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ingersoll
and Blaine were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 49, noes 73.
So the previous question was not seconded.
_ Mr. SCHEN'CK. I move that the resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and on that motion I call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question oidered.
Mr. JLtOrfS. I call for the yeas and nays on
the motion to refer the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 00, nays 58, not vot-
ing 4; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arncll,
Delos 11, Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Bald-
win, 13,inks, Beaman, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Bout
lliilsey, Hawkins, lligby, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins,
Chester D. Hubbard, Richard I). Hubbard, llulburd,
.Tenekes, Judd, Kelsey, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin,
George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Lynch, Maynard,
McCarthy, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Mor
Staikweathei, Stewart, Taber, Thomas, John Trim-
ble, Twie.hell, Upson. Ward, (Jadwaladcr 0. Wash-
burn, Eiihu B. Washburne, Henry 1). Washburn,
William B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams,
JomcH P. Wilson, and Woodward—00.
NAYS—Messrs. Adam;?, Archer, Baker, Barnum.
Beck, Boyer, Burr, Butler, Cary, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Coburii, Cook, Cuilom, Donnelly, Eldridge, Getz,
Ulossbrenner, Golladay, Gravely, Grover, Haight,,
Holman, Hotchkiss, Hunter, Ingersoll, Johnson,
Jones, Julian, Kerr, Knott, William Lawrence,
Loan, Loushiidffo, Marshall, MeClurg, McCormick,
MeCullough, Morgan, Mungcn, Newcomb, Niblack,
Orth, Polslc.v, Kaum, .Ross, Shanks, Sitgreaves,
Stokes, Talfe, Lawionce S. Trimble. Van Auken,
llobertT. Van Horn, Van Trump, William Williams,
John T. Wilson, Stephen IT. Wilson, and Wood—58.
NOT yO'IING—Messrs. Axtell, Barnes, Beatty,
Benjamin, Benton, Bromweil, Brooks, Reader W.
CLaike, Cornell,. Eggleston, Finney, Fox, Griswold,
Harding, Asahel W. Hubbard, Humphrey, Kelicy,
Ketcham, Logan,Malloiy,Marvin, Alorrissey, Numi,
Perham, Phelps, Pile, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Randall,
Robinson, Shellabarger, Aaron F. Stevens,Thaddeus
Stevens, Stone, Taylor, Trowbridge, Van Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—41.
So the resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
duncan l, clinch, deceaskd.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour hav-
ing expired, the first business in order is Sen-
ate bill No. 808, for the relief of the heirs of
the late General Duncan L. Clinch, deceased,
and the Chair will state the condition of the
question. At the time the House resolved
itself into the Committee of the Whole on Fri-
day last to proceed to the Senate, the House
had rejected the report of the committee of
conference. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
HoMfAjr] then moved, the bill being before
the House, to recede and to agree to the
Senate bill with an amendment, to strike out
"$15,000" and insert '• 810,000," pending
which, the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Soofield] moved that the biil and amendment
be laid on the table, on which tho yeas and
nays were ordered.
Mr. WARD. I appeal to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to withdraw the motion to
lay on the tabic.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have no objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I demand the pre-
vious question on the pending amendment.
Mr. COBB. I rise to a question of order.
Is it competent, after the House has ordered
the yeas and nays, for any member to withdraw
the motion he has submitted?
The SPEAKER. It is in order to withdraw
the motion to lay on the table before the
vote is laken. Ordering tho yeas and nays
does not put it out of the condition of the
mover to withdraw his motion.
Mr. COBB. I move then that the bill and
amendment be laid on the table, and on that
motion I demand the yeas and nays.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
fourteen, not one fifth.
Mr. COBB. I demand tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered ; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The House then refused to lay the bill and
amendment on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now call for tho previous
question on the bill and amendment.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a few moments.
Mr. HOLMAN. I yield to tho gentleman
on condition that he renews the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I will renew the demand
for the previous question if it be insisted on.
My only object in making the request is to
submit a very few remarks in favor of passing
this bill as it camc to us from the Senate—in
favor of passing the bill at any rate, with or
without amendments, as embodying, what I
believe to be, an act of justice to one whose
interests are involved.
My attention was attracted to this bill when
announced by its connection with some old
memories of mine which relate to General
Duncan L. Clinch, a most gallant and brave
officer of the Army in years gone by, one whom
we used to call upon this floor and throughout
the country "Old Wythlacoochee." War in
Florida in those days, before war had become
so grand and magnificent in the scale with
which it has since been carried on 111 this
country, was a great thing, and in that war no
one more distinguished himself than he ; and
it was my pleasure to be intimately associated
with him afterward, when, leaving the Army,
he and 1 occupied seats at the same desk, not
in this but in the old Hall, he being a Repre-
sentative from one of the districts of the State
of Georgia.
Now, sir, this bill has been put, I observe,
by most gentlemen here as to its merits upon
the ground of a proper recognition of the
claim of the gallant General Anderson, him
of Sumter memory. I make no exception to
it on that ground. No one is willing to go
further than I am in recognizing in a proper
way his services at the very beginning and, in
one sense, the turning point of this late war at
its inception. I know, from some personal
acquaintance with matters connected with this
claim something of the equities of this claim
as it connects itself with General Anderson and
his family.
'It is a mistake to say the money, if appro-
priated by Congress, will go to any disloyal
person. All interests in the claim have been
iully and absolutely assigned, as I understand,
to Mrs. Anderson. Whatever is given will be
put in trust of Lars Anderson, the brother of
the general, for lier and her children. Gene-
ral Anderson himself, after all his gallant
services, is now an invalid reduced tolivo upon 1
the pay of a retired officer, which is half pay |
proper, cutting off all allowances of any kind, 1
and thus he struggles on almost at the starva-
tion point.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
presume the gentlemen does not wish to con-
vey a wrong impression. General Anderson is
now receiving full pay.
Mr. SCHENCK. Under what provision?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. There
is a provision by which retired officers may be
assigned to certain duties.
Mr. SOHENCK. To what duty is General
Anderson assigned ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I do
not know what duty it is.
Mr. SCHENCK. He was on duty at New-
port, I understand, but has been relieved and
returned to his half pay. I thought he was not
on duty for he had been relieved at Newport.
If he be on duty then he does get his full pay;
but in his invalid condition he cannot expect
long to be favored in that way by the Govern-
ment. He is liable at any moment by being
relieved from duty to be sent back to that starv-
ation allowance that, he will have if not other-
wise provided for.
Mr. BANKS. If the gentleman will allow
me, I desire to say a word on this matter,
because I voted under a misapprehension tho
other day. The service to which he is assigned
is a temporary service by the favor of the Sec-
retary of War, and it. may be discontinued
at any moment, so that he will be receiving
only half pay. I understand he lived for seven
months on $120 a month.
Mr. SCHENCK. That, is confirmatory of
what I supposed to be the case. My impres-
sion was that being relieved at Newport he was
not oh duty even of a temporary character.
But if he be on duty the condition of his health
is sucli that I am sure he is liable only under
favorable circumstances to be continued on
duty, but must fall back to that condition of
which I spoke.
Now, sir, so far as the equities of the case
are concerned, connecting this with any claiir.
for service which General Anderson may have
on the country, it commends itself entirely to
me. But as I said at the outset, I had other
memories with reference to Duncan L. Clinch
himself. While in the service of the country
he did suffer, as was known at the time and as
I very well remember, very largely in property
by reason of its being occupied for military
purposes. Besides passing several bills dis-
connected with this, giving him what he was
justly entitled to in relation to forage and other
articles while in service in Florida, there was
a bill passed which relieved him in part so far
as the loss of his personal property was con-
cerned ; but as I am advised, and as I under-
stood at the time, General Clinch never ob-
tained any compensation from the Government
for the occupation of his real estate for mili-
tary purposes, occasioning a great amount of
destruction. He did, as I understand, prosecute
his claim with a view to obtain compensation
for that loss, but being a man of sensitive na-
ture and quick in his conclusions, he became
disgusted with tho way in which claims were
pressed before Congress, and abandoned,-al-
most in a huff, I may say, any further prosecu-
tion of a claim which he considered justly due.
Shortly after that he died, and in consequence
of his not pursuing his claim his heirs are with-
out any compensation as yet.
Mr. WARD. I d esire to ask the gentleman
if it is not the fact that General Clinch sus-
tained losses to the amount of over thirty thou-
sand dollars in "consequence of his property
being occupied by the Government, and in
consequence of the hostility that the Indians
felt toward him because he was in command
of the United States troops at the time?
Mr. SCHEXCK. That, I believe, is fully set
forth in the report made in the case in the Sen-
ate, and is in entire accordance with my general
recollection at the time. He was not allowed
for this loss to his real estate, and yet that
loss was at the time understood to be occa-
sioned in great part by the fact that the Indians
were peculiarly hostile to him. as one of the
