$18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
of tho [«'<*-•deds of the crop?. Cannot this be done at
ouce ? I cannot speak for any county but Jefferson,
but we need tho prompt anil immediate action from
sonic quarter. Indeed, so great is the necessity that
no thought we hud better telegraph to Congress in-
stead of waiting the slow process of mails. I hope this
matter will be laid before Congress at onoe. Please
let u.s hear from you soon.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
D. C.KEARNS,.
Retained Member Board of Registration,
lion. B. F. Wadk,
United States Senate, Washington, D. C.
L'lte memorial was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented a petition of Don-
ald Mcintosh, of the seventh regiment cavalry
United States Army, praying the admission of
hi.; brother, James Mcintosh, as a free District
patient to the Insane Asylum in the District
of Columbia; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
Catharine Merrirnan, widow of the late John
N. Mcrriman, formerly collector of the port
of Georgetown, South Carolina, for relief from
the suit instituted against her husband's estate
for $563 30, he having fled from Georgetown
on account of his loyalty at the outbreak of
the \v..r, and this amount having been a deficit
in his accounts, which could not be explained
owing to his death; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. DRAKE presented a memorial of the
St. Louis Board of Trade, asking the removal
of the United States Arsenal from the city of
St. Louis; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of Uni-
ted States officers, merchants, and other resi-
dents of Key West, Florida, praying that sur-
veys may be made of the northwest channel
leading from the harbor of Key West to the
Gulf of Mexico ; and that an appropriation
may be made for removing obstructions and
deepening the channel thereat; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
New York engaged in professional, mercantile,
and mechanical pursuits, praying the passage
of the bill establishing a line of mail steam-
ships between New York and one or more
European ports; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and* Post Roads.
Mr. MORGAN. I present the memorial of
Robert P. Parrott, praying for increased com-
pensation for an iron light-house constructed
at Cape Canaveral, Florida, under a contract
made in December, 1860, the work thereon
having been suspended at the request of the
Government. The Senate having passed a bill
at a former session on this subject, which was
reported from the Committee on Commerce,
but "which did not pass the House of Repre-
sentatives, I move that this memorial be re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
• Mr. HOWE. I have a communication from
William Blake, a soldier of the war of 1812,
setting forth very strong reasons why he should
have an increase of pension. The communica-
tion is addressed to me, but I desire to have it
referred as if it were addressed to the Senate.
I move its reference to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the memorial of
Charles N. Goulding, late a sistant quarter-
master of volunteers, praying the passage of
an act authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to credit him in thesettlement of his accounts
with moneys and the amounts represented by
vouchers captured by the enemy in the cam-
paign in Virginia in 1862; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented a peti-
tion of Stephen R. Park hurst, praying the exten-
sion of his patent for ginning cotton and bur-
ring wool ; which was referred to the Committee-
on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. MORTON. I present a petition signed
by more than four - thousand of the working
colored men of this District, and I will ask the
Secretary to read the petition in the hearing
of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read, if there be no objection.
The Secretary read, as follows:
To the Honorable Senate and Ho use of Representatives
of the United States in Congress assembled :
Tho undersigned, colored laborers of Washington,
desire respectfully and oarnestly to represent to your
honorable body the grievance wo suffer as a class ia
being deprived of the right of a fair competition with
others in securing employment upon the publio works.
While we compose about one third of the population
of this Distriot, and are, by way of distinction, the
laboring class and the poorer class, made so by long
residence here and by the customs and institutions
of the country, there is still such prejudice against
our color, and especially against our condition as
freed people ofcolor, that we are excluded from almost
every sphere of employment except those which are
most burdensome, temporary and menial in their
character. The white laborers of this city refuso to
work upon jobs with the colored man, unless he is
employed as a mere helper or hod-carrier, and by
thus combining against us they deprive us of nearly
all profitable and permanent employment, and secure
to themselves a monopoly of nearly all the skilled and
remunerative labor of this District. Contractors upon
the publio works and upon private jobs yield to and
support thisunjustdiserimination against us,although
it is against their real interest and that of every citi-
zen, as they have now to buy their labor, much of it,
in a markot where there is no competition, and the
few control it for their own profit. The officers,
agents, and contractors of tho national and city gov-
ernments bring into the District from distant States
laborers of a foreign birth, many of them not citizens
, of the United States, and who are generally hostile
i to tho institutions and government of the country,
and furnish them tho labor for which we are suffering,
and most of which wo can do quite as well and at a
choaper rate than they. The consequence to us is
that wo are forced to find employment in various
unprofitable and temporary vocations, which, from
their menial and degrading character, are beyond
the white man's competition.
From necessity, therefore, many of our people are
employed and some of them are unthrifty. Preju-
diced and unthinking peoplo speak of us as "hordes
of lazy contrabands " and "idle negroes," while they
little know our desire for honest employment, and
the difficulty we find in obtaining it.
The undersigned do not ask of your honorable
body appropriations of money to maintain us in idle-
ness, nor for any charitable legislation whatever,for
our hands are strong and our hearts are willing to
work for the support of ourselves and families. But
we do ask that while the Government is spending
large sums in extensive improvements in the Dis-
trict—labor authorized by your legislation—men may
be put in charge of this public work who are not
unfriendly to our people, and who will give us a fair
share of the employment under their direction.
To your honorable body we owe the boon of cit-
izenship and the right to enjoy the fruits of our own
labor, and to you we still confidently appeal to pro-
tect and assist us to vindicate these rights, and thu 
enable us, by lives of patience, industry, and virtue,
to somewhat abato the unjust prejudice which pre-
vails against us.
For which your petitioners will ever pray.
Mr. MORTON. I move to refer this peti-
tion to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia; and I desire to say that I hope it will
not share the fate of petitions generally, but
will receive the consideration of that commit-
tee. These men claim that there is a system-
atic effort in the District to exclude them
from profitable labor, and that they are de-
prived of any share or participation in employ-
ment upon the public works. They ask no
appropriations; they ask no charity; but they
simply ask that they may be allowed to work.
That which they complain of in this District
perhaps is practical against them to a greater
degree in the southern States. We hear upon
this floor and throughout the country that the
colored men are lazy and will not work, while
the truth is that they have performed the greater
part of the labor in the southern States since
the end of the war, and are doing it now. The
fact is that they are willing to work wherever
they can get employment and wherever they
can receive a fair compensation for it. I trust
that the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia will give this petition, signed by some forty-
five hundred of the workingmen of this District,
a fair consideration.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The peti-
tion will be referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. HARLAN. Before the reference is
made I wish to make a remark, not for the
purpose of opposing the reference, but to repel
what I think an unjust reference that may be
drawn from one of the remarks made by the
Senator. If I understood him, he expressed
the hope that this memorial would not share
the fate of matters usually referred to that
committee.
Mr. MORTON. Not to that committee. I
did not intend to say that committee ; but it is
a well-known feet that many petitions presented
in this Senate are never heard of afterward. I
certainly did not refer to that committee spe
daily.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to say merely that
the Committee on the District of Columbia
manifest usual diligence in the disposition of
all subjects referred to it by the Senate:
Mr. MORTON. I do not wish to intimate
anything to the contrary.
Mr. SUMNER. Before this subject passes
from us I desire to make a remark. There is
at this moment a bill on the Calendar of the
Senate which I have sought to proceed with
several times during the morning hour, which
would in part meet the very case now so well
stated by the Senator from Indiana. It is a
bill to take from the present mayor of Wash-
ington the appointing power which he now
exercises to the detriment of our fellow-citizens,
who think as the Senator from Indiana and
myself think, and to the detriment also of col-
ored citizens. All such persons are excluded
from employment under the government of
Washington through the agency of a mayor
who does not represent the actual political
sentiment of the city. There is a bill on your
table which meets that very case, and I hope
the Senate will sustain me in calling it up for
final action to-day.
The petition was referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. NORTON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of A. J. Campbell be
taken from the files of the Senate and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from #ie Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 9) to amend an act entitled " An act
to regulate the fees and costs to be allowed
clerks, marshals, and attorneys of the circuit
and district courts of the United States, and
for other purposes," approved February U6,
1853, reported adversely thereon, and moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the me-
morial of the grand and petit jurors of the Uni-
ted States district court for the eastern district
of Missouri, praying an increase of compensa-
tion to jurors in the courts of the United Statos,
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 74) in relation to consular
appointments, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations direct me to report a joint resolution,
with sundry letters and papers, in the nature
of a report. I ask to have the letters and
papers printed, and the joint resolution read
and take its place on the Calendar.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 89) providing
for the representation of the United States at
the International Maritime Exhibition, to be
held at Havre, was read a first time by its title,
and the letters and papers were ordered to be
printed.
THE NUESTRA SENOBA DE LA REG LA.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred a message of
the President of the United States relative to
the seizure of a Spanish Bteamer in 1861, have
directed me to report a joint resolution.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 90) to pro-
vide for the proceeds of the Spanish steamer
Nuestra Senora de La Regla was read a first
time by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask that the resolution be
read at length for information.
The Secretary read the resolution, which pro-
