1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2927
the Constitution, are prospective. Our laws
on that subject are all prospective. They apply
to future cases. Congress has never attempted
to single out a particular civil issue, an issue
upon the title to either real or personal prop-
erty, and to order by its sovereign mandate that
one court sliall turn it over to another. Why,
sir, it is a perfect novelty in legislation, and upon
the ground which is stated here to the Senate
as an excuse for our passing this extraordinary
resolution there is 110 reason whatever for its
passage, because, unquestionably, this case
could be turned over with entire convenience
into the courts of the United States. If it be
a suit against a public officer to recover pos-
session of that property to which the United
States claims title, and to which no doubt it
has good title, and if the Attorney General, or
his office, or the Assistant Attorney General,
enlists in behalf of this party, he will have no
difficulty in getting into court. I believe,
judging from the general probabilities of this
case, that this is an attempt to bring in the
authority of Congress in the interest of some
private party.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
enrolled bills signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolutions;
and they were thereupon signed by the Presi-
dent pro tempore :
A hill (S. No. 319) granting a pension to
Bridget W. McGrorty and the minor children
of William B. McGrorty, deceased;
A bill (S. No, 339) granting a pension to
Sarah Webb, widow of William E. Webb, and
her minor children ;
A bill (S. No. 419) granting a pension to
Mary Atkinson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1039) to admit the State
of Arkansas to representation in Congress ;
A joint resolution (H. JR. No. 284) to pro-
vide for the removal of a suit pending in the
circuit court of Jefferson county, West Vir-
ginia, to the circuit court of the United States;
and
A joint resolution (Ii. R. No. 287) for the
restoration of Captain James F. Armstrong,
United States Navy, to the active list from the
retired list.
roy in the chair.) The unfinished business of
Saturday, being the bill (II. R. No. 1058) to
admit the States of North Carolina, South Car-
olina, Louisiana, Georgia, and Alabama to
representation in Congress, is now before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole, the
pending question being on the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
to the amendment of the Committee on the
Judiciary, to insert the word "Alabama'' after
" Georgia,'" in the fourth line of the first sec-
tion of the committee's amendment; and upon
that question the Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Yjckers] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. VICKERS addressed the Senate in
opposition to the bill. [His speech will be
published in the Appendix.]
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I have
listened with a great deal of pleasure to my
honorable friend from Maryland, and I con-
gratulate him upon the a;ble speech he has
made to the Senate. My honorable friend has
not been a member of this body very long.
Had he been he would have discovered ere
this that that instrument, the Constitution of
the United States, to which he has so justly
and aptly referred lvi his remarks, has long
since been ignored in the legislation of this
country. It is an old, worn-out instrument
without binding force. It has been quoted^so
often during the legislation of the last lew
years that I must suggest to my honorable
friend that, however able the speech he has
made is, and however attentively we have
listened to him, yet it has been labor lost.
Does my honorable friend seriously believe
that any member of this body supposes that
the bill now under consideration has constitu-
tional warrantor authority ? Does anybody sup-
pose that any gentleman in this body thinks
that it is in the power of the Federal Congress
to annex terms and conditions to the right of
admission to representation upon this floor ?
When the Constitution of the United States
declares that each State shall be entitled to two
Senators in Congress and to Representatives
according to its population, and when nothing
is said in that instrument as to the power to
limit or restrict this right of the States, does
my honorable friend suppose that any gentle-
man here seriously thinks that there is such a
right, such an authority in this body, when
that right and authority are viewed in the light
of the Federal Constitution? Let me say to
my friend, away with this notion that the Con-
stitution has any binding force or operation
here ?
Mr. President, it is not my intention to make
a speech upon this question, but the particular
phraseology of this bill is such that it neces-
sarily attracts attention. Has there been some
compromise upon phraseology invoked in ref-
erence to this bill? While one portion of the
American Senate and of the dominant party
claim that these States have been out of the
Union, that by their ordinances of secession,
followed by actual hostilities, they forfeited
the right to representation upon this floor and
all the rights that they had while States of the
Union under the Constitution, another portion
have contended to the contrary, that these
States never forfeited those rights, that they
never ceased to be States of the Union; and
now comes this bill. What for? It is popu-
larly supposed to be, the newspapers would
have you believe, a bill for the admission of
five States into the Union. Not so. Let the
champions of the doctrine that ordinances of
secession followed by acts of hostility took
States out of the Union rise and proclaim
manfully, in the face of the Senate and before
the country, that such is the fact, and that the
intention of this bill is to bring back States
into the Union which are not in the Union.
Sir, if your doctrine be that these States are
out of the Union, and that they must be brought
back, so frame your bill; so word your enact-
ment tjiat your doctrine shall be apparent
e face of the bill. But not so. Your
v upoi^Jne ....
representation of southern states. \ bilfdoes not declare that these States were
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. PojiE-\L(^er out of the Union. It does not declare
lVthat you propose now to admit them into the
Union or readmit them into the Union;
neither does it declare in so many words that
they are States in the Union; but it is a bill
to admit certain States " to representation" on
this floor.
1 take it then, gentlemen, that you are bound
by the face of your bill to the doctrine that
these States are and ever have been States in
the Union. If they are not now States in the
Union, if they have ever been out of the Union,
why do you not say so? You treat them now
as existing States by this bill. Y'ou have been
proclaiming, and the country has heard you in
thunder tones proclaim from one end of the
land to the other, that these States were out of
the Union ; and yet instead of bringing in an
open, manly bill for the readmission oi States
into the Union which by rebellion had for-
feited the right to a place in the Union, you
simply bring in a bill to readmit these States
as States not into the Union, but to the right
of representation.
I know that my honorable friend, the Sen-
ator from Maine, [Mr. Mobrill,] once held
the doctrine that by the act of war these States
ceased to be States of the Union, and hence it
was that he advocated your reconstruction
policy; hence it was that in the very able and
ingenious argument which he made upon the
question of reconstruction, he could find 110
warrant of authority tor your action except
upon the doctrine that, they had ceased to lie
States of the Union and had forfeited their
existence as States by reason of rebellion and
actual hostilities. I call upon him, if such be
his doctrine, if such be the doctrine of this
party which lately met in convention and
hoisted the names of Grant and Colfax—those
names which were to frighten somebody, which
were to sweep all over the country like wild-
fire, which-were to awaken enthusiasm and
stir the souls of the American people, and
whose onward march to the presidential and
vice presidential chair was to be nothing but
one march of triumph—if he is sincere in his
doctrine that these States forfeited their rights
in the Union by ordinances of secession coupled
with acts of hostility, I ask him to make it
plain ; rise and say that " Whereas the States
of North Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana,
Georgia, and Florida, by their ordinances of
secession and by rebellion, forfeited their rights
as States in the Union and ceased to be States,
therefore be it enacted that the States be
readmitted into the Union."
But instead of that we have now, as far as
this bill goes, a total abandonment of the car-
dinal principle of your political faith, and you
come now and you tell the American people,
and you tell the country, " Here are five States
in the Union that are-unrepresented, and we,
in the plenitude of our generosity, in the exu-
berance of our magnanimity, will allow these
States, (which if they be States are States
equal in right to all the other States in the
Union,) to come in and take seats among us.
But we will not do that exactly as the thing
ought to be done; we will annex certain terms
and conditions to this right of representation;
although these are States in the Union and
have equal rights with us, we will put some
limitations upon them ; they must ratify a cer-
tain article which we proposed as an amend-
ment to the Constitution 1"
Then I hold you to this, gentlemen: yon
mean to say that notwithstanding they are
States in the Union you will not allow them a
constitutional right to representation in this
body unless they ratify what you propose to
them. You mean to say to the American peo-
ple, and that is the doctrine in your bill,
"True, you are States in the Union, but you
shall have none of the benefits of the Union ;
you shall have no voice in the legislation of the
country unless forthe sake of having that bene-
fit you shall do our bidding by adopting the
proposed constitutional amendment, which you
would not adopt if left to your own free will
and choice."
According to the doctrine of this bill, upon
its face as you present it to me, notwithstand-
ing your theory has heretofore been that these
States are out of the Union, now treating those
States as States in the Union, I say you have
just as much right to say that my State or
Maryland or New York or any other State in
the CJnion shall not be represented upon this
floor unless they will adopt a constitutional
amendment, or do some other thing which you
have bid them do.
Hence I say that my remark to my distin-
guished friend from Maryland was just and
proper, that invoking the Constitution of the
United States in this body upon this bill is en-
tirely out of place, with all due deference to him,
because when you look to that worn-out instru-
ment. that disregarded instrument, that ignored
instrument, you can find no power in the Fed-
eral Congress to put limitations upon the right
of a State to representation upon this floor or
in the other House of Congress. If they be
States in the Union and you can find no limit-
ation upon any such right as that, what busi;
11 ess has it in your bill? If they be States of
the Union, point me, if you can, to your au-
thority to impose such a limitation and such a
restriction in reference to those States which
does not exist in reference to any other State
of the Union. . ,
Another proposed condition is that they
shall never abridge the elective franchise from
any consideration of race or color. My remarks
in reference to the other proposition will apply
to this Where is your authority in reference
