1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
officers of the United States engaged in hos-
tilities against some of their tribe.
Mr. MILLER. How long ago is it since
this claim arose?
Mr. SCHENCK. It must be twenty-five
years, I should think.
Mr. MILLER. I would ask the gentleman
another question. Suppose General Ander-
son is reduced to half pay, how much would
that amount to yearly?
Mr. SCHENCK. About one hundred and
twenty dollars a month for himself and family
—a good deal less than the gentleman from
Pennsylvania gets for his attendance here.
Mr. MILLER. Many of our poor soldiers
get only ninety-six dollars a year.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is very true, and
some laborers in the country, constables, and
others in civil employments, do not get nearly
as much as members of Congress. It so hap-
pens that these things, whether rightly or
wrongly, are graduated in all the departments
of life.
Mr. COBB. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question. He has alluded to the fact of seven
eighths of this claim having been assigned to the
present claimant by the-original heirs, whom,
I believe, it is admitted, adhered to the cause
of the rebel States. I would ask him if he is
willing to set the precedent and let it go to the
country that all that is necessary for any rebel
" claimant against this Government to do is to
assign his claim to some loyal person?
Mr. SCHENCK. Oh, no, Mr. Speaker. I
am not disposed to go any further in that direc-
tion than the gentleman himself would do; but
I have two answers to that. In the first place,
I see no great harm in a rebel parting with his
property to a Union man or a Union woman
where there is no resulting trust or benefit to
the rebel. If it passes absolutely away from
the disloyal and goes to benefit the loyal, I
think it is rather a good thing.
In the next place I shall not be frightened
f-om doing justice to those who are loyal, be-
cause their loyalty may have been tested and
has stood fire and come out clear, notwith-
standing their family connections might have
drawn them in the other direction. I look
upon that rather as a merit than otherwise.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest to the gentle-
man that the bill now pending proposes to
place this appropriation in the hands of Lars
Anderson, in trust for the benefit of Mrs. An-
derson and her children, and it is impossible,
with a genth man of such high character as the
gentleman knows Lars Anderson to be, that
this act of Congress can inure to the benefit
of an/ persons but Mrs. Anderson and her
children.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not desire to bring
into this debate what may seem to be any in-
delicate allusions to family affrirs, but I am
glad the gentleman from Indiana has made
the suggestion. I do know the high character
of Lars Anderson, the brother of General
Robert Anderson, and I feel warranted in
assuring the House that he will faithfully carry
out the trust which Congress may impose in him
by an appropriation of this kind to him for the
benefit of the children of Mrs. Anderson, so
that some small proportion of that which I do
believe was in all equity due to General Clinch
may reach his descendants and be enjoyed by
them even if they do not get it until in the
third degree.
And here, sir, I beg leave to remark that I
do not consider it a strong objection to a claim
that it is twenty-five years old if the claim is
founded in justice. It is rather a reflection
upon the want of justice and generosity upon
the part of the Congress of the United States
that it should not have responded to the de-
mand long before this. And to pay it now,
without interest, is certainly not doing too
much in such a case.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I would
ask the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
when this claim was first presented, to Con-
gress?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not recollect. Gen-
tlemen must understand that I am not an exact
or precise witness here; I knew General Clinch
well; I served with him here in Congress, and
in a general way was acquainted with his dif-
ferent claims upon the Government, which at
the time I believed to be just, and I believe so
now. As I said before, it was about twenty-
five years ago. I am sorry to confess my age
to the House in this way : but I was here more
than twenty-five years ago.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Is not
the gentleman aware that General Clinch ob-
tained an appropriation from Congress?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes; I have so said already.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. A large
appropriation?
Mr. SCHENCK. Not alarge appropriation.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. How
large ?
Mr. SCHENCK. It did not cover the loss
to the real estate.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It au-
thorized the Secretary of War to adjust the
claim.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes; just as I have already
said. But the claim was adjusted only in
reference to the articles of personal property
which were taken, leaving still outstanding and
pressed against the Government a claim for
the occupation of his real estate, and the de-
struction of buildings and various other items
of property by the Indians, because the United
States military forces occupied his property.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
before me a list of the claims in favor of Gen-
eral Clinch presented to Congress down to the
close of the Thirty-First Congress. It em-
braces six different claims; that is to say,
claims presented at six different times by Dun-
can L. Clinch, for different matters of indem-
nity. But there is no claim in that list of the
kind now under consideration. It seems that
during the life time of General Clinch he never
preferred any claim of this kind.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am certain the gentle-
man is mistaken.
.Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Here is
the record of all the claims presented to Con-
gress by General Clinch.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know about the
book to which the gentleman refers. T can
only say that his statement is not according to
my recollection. It may be, though I think
not, that I confound my frequent conversations
with General Clinch, and my personal knowl-
edge of the matter with that of which the gen-
tleman speaks.
But let me say to the gentleman that it is a
little ungenerous to speak of these claims ot
Duncan L. Clinch without stating what those
claims were. If the gentleman will look into
those claims he will see that they were claims
arising out of matters connected with his ser-
vice in the Army, and do not in the slightest
degree throw any weight in the scale against
this claim, which is based on entirely different
grounds.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I desire
to correct an error I have fallen into. A mis-
take in the marginal notes of this list of claims
has led me to fall into an error. I find, upon
a closer examination, that it is true a claim
was presented by Duncan L. Clinch for indem-
nity for damages and loss of property occa-
sioned by hostile Indians. The committee to
whom that claim was referred asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and it
was laid upon the table. That was in 1840.
Mr. SCHENCK. I thought the gentleman
was mistaken, yetl did not like to set my mem-
ory against the book which he had, although I
was sure I was right.
Mr. WARD. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a few moments ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I have said all I wished to
say. I promised the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] that when I was through I
would call the previous (juestion or yield to
him for the purpose of doing so. However, I
will yield for a short time to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Ward.]
Mr. WARD. I desire, with the permission
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] to
answer the inquiry of the gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Washburn.] I have examined
the papers in this case with some care, being
on the Committee of Claims, as I desired to
become acquainted with the case. The prop-
erty of General Clinch, destroyed by the In-
dians, and destroyed in consequence of his
connection with the Army and the occupation
of his property by United States troops, and the
property appropriated by the United States
Government and damage done real estate by
Indians and our troops amounted, both real
and personal, to about sixty-five thousand dol-
lars. A very large proportion of this was per-
sonal property. A portion of it was for sugar-
cane and corn, which the Army appropriated.
For a portion of that sugar-cane and corn there
was an allowance made to General Clinch, and
he received pay from the Government.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. How
much pay?
Mr. WARD. I think some eight thousand
dollars. For the other personal property de-
stroyed, amounting to ten or twelve thousand
dollars, and for the injuries to his real estate,
amounting to a much larger sum, General
Clinch never received any compensation. _ Two
or three different bills were reported in the
Senate for his relief. The bill to which the
gentleman refers, under which General Clinch
received relief, was reported in 1840. In 1841,
1842, and 1843 bills were reported for his
relief, but no action was taken upon them.
Shortly after that General Clinch entered Con-
gress, and he refused while he was in Congress
to permit his claim to be brought up at all.
In 1848, after he left Congress, he died, and
General Robert Anderson became one of his
executors. General Anderson did not press
the claim and the matter has been permitted to
lie until the present time, when Mrs. Ander-
son, a daughter of General Clinch, and the wife
of the hero of Fort Sumter, who is now the
exclusive owner of all these claims in her own
right, presents this demand to Congress for its
consideration. The matter was submitted to
the Committee of Claims and examined by that
committee; and I believe that the whole com-
mittee, with a single exception, are in favor of
granting this relief.
Sir, it has not been my habit to favor the
passage of claims through this House. I have
believed and still believe that the imperiled
condition of the country and the embarrassed
state of our finances demand of us the closest
scrutiny in regard to the claims presented here.
Ilence I have almost invariably opposed claims
comingbefore thisllouse. But, sir, I deem this
claim equitable and just. The bill proposes to
pay but a small fraction of the amount actually
due in equity to Mrs. Anderson from this Gov-
ernment, and I believe that, in another aspect
of the case, there is a claim presented here
that we cannot disregard. There are certain
claims of such a nature that no Government
can afford to disregard them, whatever may
be its condition. Among the claims of this
class is that which General Robert Anderson
has upon the people of this country.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Doesthe
gentleman propose to pay that class of claims
in this way?
Mr. WARD. I propose, wherever there is
a just and equitable claim due to any man or
woman, and that man or woman has such a
record as General Robert Anderson has, and
when such a person is in pecuniary embar-
rassment or in poverty, I propose to pay that
claim, to any reasonable extent.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. If the
claimant is not embarrassed will the gentleman
pay the claim ?
Mr. WARD. Now, Mr. Speaker, after a
single further remark I will yield the floor.
Mr. COBB. I would like to ask the gentle-
man a question. Several gentlemen who have
spoken in support of this claim have stated to
the House that General Clinch received pay
for personal property which it is alleged was
