1868.
T8E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
51&
Tides for the payment to the proper represent-
ative of the Spanish Government of $28,000
on account of the Spanish steamer Nuestra
Seiior de La Regla, originally seized by Gen-
eral Sherman at Port Royal, ordered to be
restored by a decree of the district court of
New York, and meanwhile taken by the Navy
Department at the appraised value named.
Mr. SUMNER. The object is simply to au-
thorize the Treasury to make a payment to the
Spanish Government of money which belongs
to that Government. I hope, therefore, the Sen-
ate will act on it at once. There is no occasion
for any delay about it.
Mr. CONNESS. One objection that I have
is that it is intruded into the morning hour
before the morning business is disposed of.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; it is a matter so single and precise that
it can be acted on better now than afterward.
It lias been read at the desk; it explains itself.
Mr. CONNESS. I understand that the
whole reading was out of order, subject to a
single objection.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course it must go over
if the Senator objects.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not object.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I hope it will be acted
on at once.
By unanimous consent the joint resolution
was read a second time, and considered as
iu Committee of the Wholor
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 251) few the relief of. Captain Charles
N. Goulding, late quartermaster of volunteers;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 252) to create an additional land district
in the State of Minnesota; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
suspension of secretary stanton.
Mr. DRAKE submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Retohedt That ten thousand copies of the reports
of the majority and minority of the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia in regard to the sns-
§ension of Hon. Edwin M. Stanton from the office of
ecretary of War be printed for the use of the Senate.
mr. burlingame, minister to china.
Mr. CONNESS. I offer the following res-
olution :
Retolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the consent of Congressishere-
by given to the acceptance by Hon. Anson Burlin-
game, now the American minister at China, of such
civil appointment as he may have received from the
emperor of China.
I suppose that this should be referred,
although it is a very simple proposition, but
the committee can report at an early day. I
move that it be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
smith anu wesson's patent.
On motion of Mr. FERRY, the bill (S. No,
229) for the relief of Horace Smith and D. B.
Wesson, or their assigns, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes that
Horace Smith and D. B. Wesson, or their
assigns, have leave to make application to
the Commissioner of Patents for an extension
of the letters-patent for improvement in re-
peating fire-arms issued to them for the term
of fourteen years from the 14th of February,
1854, and reissued on the 10th of October of
the same year, in the same manner as if the
petition for the extension had been filed at
least ninety days prior to the expiration of the
patent; and that the Commissioner be author-
ized to consider and determine their applica-
tion in the same manner as if it had been filed
ninety days before the expiration of the
patent.
Mr. FERRY. I will state what the facts
are in reference to this application as they
appear in the special report which has been
submitted by the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office.
On the 14th of February, 1854, letters-
patent were issued to Horace Smith and Dan-
iel B. Wesson for an improvement in fire-arras
which, because of some imperfection, were sub- i
sequently canceled and reissued in October of
the same year. The subsequent purchasers
of this patent in indorsing on the back of the
letters-patent the time when they would expire ]
i took the date of the reissue instead of the date
of the original issue, making a difference in the ,
date of some months. When they came to
make an application for a renewal it was found I
that, owing to this fact ninety days did not
intervene between the time of making such '
application and the expiration of their patent, i
through this mere inadvertence. They there- ]
fore ask Congress to permit them now to pre- j
sent their application to the Commissioner as 1
if the ninety days would intervene between the
present time and the time of the expiration of
their former patent. I know of no objection,
as I said yesterday, either in Congress or out
of Congress, to a renewal of the patent men-
tioned here. The committee report that it has
not been in the past remunerative, but is capa-
ble of being made so on a renewal.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
consular appointments.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
take up the joint resolution (S. R. No. 74) in
relation to consular appointments, which was
reported back this morning by the Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Drake] from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move the refer-
ence of this resolution to the Committee on
Commerce, to which it belongs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That refer-
ence will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. GRIMES. I object; and that the Sen-
I1 ate may understand the character of the joint
resolution I ask that it be read.
The Secretary read the joint resolution, which
proposes to authorize the President to nom-
inate, and by and with the advice amd consent
of the Senate to appoint, any line officer on
the retired list of the Navy not below the grade
of commander as consul general, consul, or
vice consul, to any part or place where such
consular officers are or may hereafter be' author-
ized and established. Any naval officer so
appointed is to receive his shore-dnty pay in
the Navy, and no other, during his continuance
in such consular office.
Mr. GRIMES. It will be observed that this
resolution does not propose to interfere with
the regulation of consuls. It does not come
j properly within the jurisdiction of the Com-
mittee on Commerce in any degree. It simply
! authorizes the President of the United States,
if he sees fit, with the advice and consent of
the Senate, to select such officers as are on
the retired list of the Navy who are competent
to perform the duties, and assign them as con-
suls or vice consuls, provided there shall be
no increase of pay over that which they are
now receiving; and it is an economical meas-
ure, intended to save the Government the ex-
pense that is now being paid political appointees
to the office of consuls. If this bill proposed
| to regulate the details of the consular establish-
ment the Committee on Naval Affairs would
not presume to consider it, but as this is a
measure which relates exclusively to the retired
officers of the Navy, and simply provides that
they may be appointed to these places without
losing their pay or their position on the retired
list, it certainly seems to me to belong prop-
erly to the Naval Committee.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator from
Iowa proposes to take Charge of the business
of the Committee on Commerce I snppose he
intends to make over to the Committee on
Commerce the naval business. I am perfectly
willing to make the exchange, because I think
the Committee on Commerce would be able
to reduce the expense of the Navy from
$47,000,000 to a very much smaller amount.
But, sir, this is a very innocent proposition
of the Senator from Iowa. He says he pro-
poses to pay these officers the amount which
they now receive: Why, sir, it is no such thing.
He proposes to pay these retired officers active
service pay.
Mr. DRAKE. No.
Mr. CHANDLER. "Shore-duty pay"—
that is the language of the resolution; I have it
here. A retired rear admiral receives §2,000
a year, but the shore-duty pay of a rear admi-
ral is $4,000 a year. He proposes to increase
the pay actually more than we now pay our
consuls. I suppose the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs must have examined
into the business of consuls and consular
agents, and I presume he thinks the duties of
the naval service eminently fit retired men,
worn-out men, to perform the functions of
consular agents. The consuls and consular
agents of this Government are the business
agents of the United States. For example,
the consul at Manchester has some thirteen
thousand invoices to examine. He has to
sign every one of those invoices in duplicate.
He is presumed to know whether tney are
honest or dishonest invoices, and in case of
an attempt to defraud the Treasury the invoice
is sent back to him and it is his duty to look
up, examine, investigate, and ascertain whether
fraud has actually been committed on the Gov-
ernment.
Now, sir, in this jointresolution the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs proposes that
no man under the rank of commander shall be
made a consul or consular agent. My opinion
is—and that is why I desire to send the bill to
the Committee on Commerce—that it should be
so framed that no man above the rank of lieu-
tenant, or, I think, above the rank of midship-
man, should be so appointed, because you might
learn one of those young men the duties of a
consul or consular agent; but an old retired
officer who has spent his life in the Navy is
totally unfitted for the position, and it is too
late for him to learn. I wish to bring that
before the committee which has charge of this
business, to see whether it would not be desir-
able to change the bill so that no man above
the rank of a midshipman shall be appointed,
in order that we may nave young men who may
in time learn to be business men.
As I said before, if the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs proposes to take charge
of the duties of the Committee on Commerce,
and will make over the duties of the Naval
Committee to the Committee on Commerce,
I have no doubt that we shall reduce the ex-
penses of the Navy and not interfere materially
with its efficiency; but nntil he does I desire
that he will attend to his duties and let us
attend to ours.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Michigan
does me no more than justice when he says that
I have looked into the matter of his consuls,
and I will tell him one fact I have discovered.
I have discovered that there is one consul in
the interior of Great Britain—I think he is a
citizen of the Senator's own Statey-who receives
in fees and salary something like $16,000 a
year.
Mr. SUMNER. Who is that?
Mr. GRIMES. Some gentleman in the inte-
rior of Great Britain. I got the information
from the officer in the Fourth Auditor's office
who has charge of this matter.
Mr. SUMNER. We have cut down those
large salaries.
Mr. GRIMES. I know; but this one is not
cnt down.
Mr. CHANDLER. No consul receives over
$5,000.
Mr. GRIMES.
I know that consols do not
