3952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
sition. All I contend for is this: enter upon
your business of reducing the Army, and if
these men are to be put aside, who have re-
tained their positions under your laws, with
advancement provided for them, some little
provision ought to be made for them in their
old age, either in the shape of half-pay, or
else apply to the brigadier and major generals
the same principle that you apply to the Gen-
eral and Lieutenant General in this bill. 1 will
not assume that it was because it was sup-
posed it might, perhaps, be unpopular to
apply such a rule to the general or Lieutenant
General that it is not applied to them ; or that
it was applied to these others because it was
supposed it would reach a class of officers
aixiong whom would be found, in the first
grade, one or two. over whose removal we
would shed no tears, or, in the second grade,
five or six over whom none of us would weep.
Yet it does look so.
Now, if we do not want a General, if we do
not want a Lieutenant General, why not apply
your rule of at once reducing the Army by get-
ting rid of these still higher officers, who, if
anything, are wanted still less than those of
the lower grades? The suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] that you
would not then have ahead to the Army, is no
answer to the proposition, because, reduce the
Army as you may, there would still be some
officer senior to all the rest who would be the
accepted head of the Army. It must be, there-
fore, that it is not thought advisable to apply
the same rule to one class of officers that you
propose to apply to the others, yet I cannot
understand why the distinction should be drawn.
I am not opposing the reduction of the Army.
I am not seeking to preserve what the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] seems
to think my own peculiar child. I have my
own opinion in regard to the reduction or the
enlargement of the Army. I have my own
opinion in regard both to the officers and the
privates. I will not enter into a controversy as
to who sympathizes most or least with the pri-
vates. 1 leave that for every soldier who ever
served under me to decide for himself.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the amendment pro forma by strik-
ing out the last word. This is not a new
dilemma for us to be in. After the late war with
Great Britain, Scott and Gaines were both
major generals. They claimed rights against
each oilier, which finally led to an open quar-
rel between them. To compose that quarrel,
John Quincy Adams hunted up General Ma-
comb, who was almost paralyzed, and put him
in command, in order to have a senior officer
to compose the difficulties between Scott and
Gaines. He also made two great military
departments—the department of the East and
the department of the West, and put Scott in
one and Gaines in the other, so as to keep
them apart; and to keep the peace between
them. That went on until Macomb died.
Then came the Mexican war. After the Mexi-
can war, the same trouble arose between Wool
and Scott. Scott was made Lieutenant General
by brevet—he being at the time a major gen-
eral—and Wool was made a major general by
brevet. That composed all difficulties there,
and gave an acknowledged head.
Now, sir, the reason we did not strike down
the General was that some of us have a reason-
able expectation that there will be a vacancy
in the courso of a few months in that office ;
and then there being a vacancy in the office
of General, it would not only be removing him
for three months, if we put him on the same
ground as to vacating his office with the major
general.
We come, then, to the position of Lieutenant
General. That officer we keep so that there
may be a head to the Army—an acknowledged
head with authority in his own right—not an
accidental head that any President may over-
slaugh or whose orders any President may
reverse by relieving him. This is our reason
for retaining the office of Lieutenant General;
and this was a sufficient reason if we had no
other. So we do keep the Lieutenant General
until there is a vacancy.
Mr. SCHENCK. We are always to keep
him, according to that.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The answer
to that is a very plain one. "Sufficient unto
the day is the evil thereof." We are now
making a peace establishment for the present.
We think that in the course of forty years there
may be a necessity for a change. The difficulty
is that gentlemen here do not want any change,
if I may say so, under forty years. Now, we
have ten brigadier generals. I propose six in
my amendment. Why? Having three major
generals, there should be two brigades and two
brigadier generals to a division. My own belief
is that one major general is sufficient and two
brigadier generals for the whole Army. But,
if 1 should propose that it would be considered
very harsh; and I have to do the best I can
when I cannot do as I would. Therefore, I
have agreed to propose three major generals
and six brigadier generals, a great number.
Now, I do not admit the force of the argu-
mentof my friend, the chairman ofthe commit-
tee, when he says that there are twelve hundred
posts. There ought to be nine hundred and
fifty less. And I will venture to say that none
of these generals have seen one third of those
posts within the last year. That being so they
are absolutely of no use. Why, then, should
we pension them? If you will pension your
judges, if you will pension your collectors of
internal revenue, especially if you will pen-
sion all the civil officers of this Government
when they get to a certain age and you turn
them out, then I may vote for pensioning these
military officers. That is the English system,
I know; aud I fear we are fast verging toward
it. When men are once fastened on the coun-
try it is very hard to get rid of them. But our
theory of Government has been that a man is
called into the service of the Government when
we want him, and that he goes out when we
get through with him.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, in answer
to what has been said by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] I desire to say
that his argument in favor of retaining the
Lieutenant General, if good at all, is good in
favor of always having a Lieutenant General,
so as to have a recognized head of the Arm}',
not an officer who can be assigned by the
President of the United States at his pleasure.
One word in regard to the section now under
consideration. There are now ten brigadier
generals. We have many different kinds of
military duty to be performed, requiring offi-
cers of considerable rank. If the proposition
presented by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts should prevail, we shall then have but six
brigadier generals in the Army; and with our
great extent of country, with the military
departments and the districts within those
departments, we should not have a general
officer to command each leading department
and sub-department.
In addition to that, let me say once for all
that it has been the purpose of the Committee
on Military Affairs to reduce the Army as much
as we thought the condition of the country
required, while at the same time we have
endeavored to avoid all invidious personal dis-
tinctions and all personal injustice. And it
seems to me that if we require the General of
the Army to determine which of his comrades
in arms shall be dropped from the Army and
which retained, we shall impose upon him a
duty which we ought not to ask him to perform.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, Then
put it on the President.
Mr. GARFIELD. If it is proposed to put
it on the President of the United States, I ask
whether gentlemen on this side of the Hall
are willing that the President shall perform
that duty at his discretion?
One word further. The profession of arms
is recognized throughout the world as peculiar
in this: that when a man has adopted it as the
profession of his life, he becomes, after a time,
unfitted for other pursuits. Not so in any
other department of the Government to any-
thing like the same extent. A man who lives
many years in the Army cannot go to business.
He is out of the range of employments which
belong to civil life, it seems to me, there-
fore, to be a just principle recognized in Eng-
land, recognized in France, recognized in all
the civilized nations of the world, that an offi-
cer of the army shall be treated with some
special regard in reference to his tenure of
office.
I shall be sorry, sir, to see any attack upon
the Army of the UnitedStates, which I believe
to-day has no peer on the face of the earth ;
an Army made up of men who have won fame
on many battle-fields, and in a manner most
honorable to our country. They took their
places in the Army as now constituted with
the distinct understanding that they were fixed
and permanent places. Why, sir, in- the bill
which passed when my colleague [Mr. Sohenck]
was chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, it was declared in the title that it was
an act "to fix the military peace establishment
of the UnitedStates." Everyman who took
position under that law understood it was a
part of the fixed and permanent establishment.
Every man now holding a commission in the
Army holds it as he understood at the begin-
ning as a commission which shall not be affected
except by decision of court-martial upon his
own merits or demerits. Now, to say that these
commissions shall be vacated, that these men
shall be thrown out, is to violate all the cus-
toms of civilized nations, and all the customs
of our own during all our history.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was upon the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope by unanimous
consent all further debate on this section will
be closed.
Mr. PAINE. I hope not; I wish to say a
word.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. PAINE. I offer the following amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add the following:
There shall bo but sis brigadier generals after the
31st day of March 1869, and the officers who shall
retain their commissions as such shall, after the tenth
day of March, 1809, be designated by the President
of the United States without regard to seniority, and
all others shall he mustered out of the service on the
31st of March, 1869.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I hope I should
never for one moment be willing to say or do
anything upon this floor or elsewhere which
would seem 10 involve a want of appreciation
of the services of the offices and enlisted men
of the Army of the United States, but I cannot
for one consent that any particular class of
officers should be picked out and allowed upon
this floor to monopolize the fruits and results
of all the honor and all the merit which at-
tached to the entire Army during the war. I
cannot be satisfied to hear my friend behind
me [Mr. Garfield] say, when so many men
served gallantly and meritoriously in the last
war, that a few men shall be picked out and
made the recipients of the honors and benefits
which we are so ready and willing to accord to
the great Army which crushed the late rebel-
lion. Let us give honor where honor is due.
Let us give to these men now in the Army the
honor that is due to them, but for heaven's
sake do not let us shower down upon their
heads all the honor won by the volunteer and
regular officers and soldiers from the beginning
of this war to the end.
And let us not for one moment forget the
provisions of the eighth section of this bill, in
which the gentleman himself proposes to put
upon half pay all junior officers of the Army
who shall be thrown out of full commission as
the result of the consolidation of regiments
from sixty down to forty-one. Let us not for-
get that the gentleman himself adopts in- this
