1904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March-16,
destroyed : but this is a claim for the destruc-
tion of real estate, or, as some one has said,
for the occupation of real estate as well as its
destruction. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Warp] lias stated that the claim for
corn and sugar-cane was paid. Now, the
gentleman says that he has carefully examined
the papers in this case, which I do not doubt;
and I desire to ask him whether the present-
claim is not in part for that identical corn and
sugar-cane ; whether it does not so appear by
the papers 5 furthermore, whetherfour fifths of
this claim is not for personal property; and
furthermore, whether he can tell this House
(and it he cannot do so without examining the
papers, 1 wish he would examine them) how
much of this claim is for real estate or the
occupation or destruction of real estate?
Mr. WARD, in reply to the gentleman's
first question, I will say that I do not under-
stand that any of the property for which General
Clinch or his heirs recovered pay is embraced
within the claim now presented. The commit-
tee certainly did not allow anything for such
property. More than that, sir, the injuries to
real estate for which this bill is intended to
settle.amount to about twenty thousand dol-
lars. I understand the personal property which
was destroyed by the enemy, and for which the
Government is equitably bound to pay, amounts
to at least $10,000, and I think much more.
Air. Speaker. I was about to say, and that is
all I desire to say on this case, that I do think
some consideration should be paid to the char-
acter of the public services of the real claim-
ant, General Uobert Anderson. I hope we will
pursue the same policy that all other nations
have pursued, that is to defend and protect its
heroes in the hour of their extremity and need. j
When General Robert Anderson went into Port
Sumter in 18(30 he was a healthy man, except
suffering from the effects of a wound he had
received in the Mexican war. He came out of
it after that terrible experience, after that fear-
ful bombardment, a wreck. The strong man
whs gone. The vigor had departed from his
life and his constitution, and here he is able to
do but little duty. His wife and children—six
in number—are all dependent upon the bare
pittance he receives from the Government. I
am prepared, sir, to vote for this claim on the
single proposition that7 while we are paying an
equitable claim, we are at the same time doing
something for the relief of this loyal man and
his family; and in some manner testifying
our gratitude to this first grand hero of the
struggle through which the nation has but just
past, the booming of whose guns from the
doomed fort awakened the nation and called
forth its children to battle and to victory.
Mr. COBB. J ask to have this paper read
at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. HOLM AN. It appears to be a volumin-
ous paper.
Mr. COBB. It is short. It is an inventory
of the property we are called on to pay.
Mr. HGLMAN. We have not time to have
all the papers read that may be desired.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask thegyntleman from
Indiana to let me move to concur. ' It has pre-
cedence of a motiou to recede.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
the vote by which the conference report was
rejected would be one of higher privilege.
Mr. SCHENCK. I make that motion. I
think we ought to have agreed with the Senate.
I demand the previous question.
The Clerk read the conference report, as
follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the
Hou>e to Senate bill No. 303, for the relief ot the heirs
of the late General Duncan L. Clinch, deceased, hav- \
ing met, after full and Ireo conference have agreed |
to recommend, anddo recommend, to their respective i
Houses as follows, namely: i
That the Senate rocedetromitsdisjigrecment to tin? |
amendment of the House and agree to the same with I
the following amendments, to wit: !
In tiie third line irom the bottom of the third page !
strike out after the word " of" the words " ten thou- ■
sand dollars in trust for the said Eliza B. Anderson"
and insert the following, to wit:
"Fifteen thousand dollars to Lars Anderson, in
trust for tbo exclusive u=e of said Eliza B, Anderson
during her lifetime, and any part thereof remaining
at her death to be held in trust for her children."
And that the House agree to the same.
WILLIAM S. HOLM AN,
JOHN A. BINGIIAM,
W.B. WASHBURN,
Manger/} on the jxirl of the [louse.
TIMOTHY 0. HOWE,
W. P. FESSENDEN,
GARRETT DAVIS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. COBB demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 07, nays G3, not vot-
ing 50; as follows :
YEAS—Mc^rs. Ames, Anderson, Archer; Arnell,
Axtell, Hanks, Barnum, Bingham, Boyer, Broomall,
Burr, Cake, Gary, Chanlcr, Sidney Oiarkc, Dixon,
Eidndgc, Farnsworth, Ferry, G.trlield, Gelz, Grover,
llaight, lialsey.,Hawkins, Higby, Hill, Ilolman,
Hoopcr.r llotchk^s, Hulburd, Jenckes, Johnson,
Jones, Kerr, Knotl, Logau, Lynch, Mallory, Mar-
shall, Maynard, McCullough, Mereur, Moorhead,
Morgan, Muliins, Mungen, Niblaek. Nicholson*
O'Neill, Petei*, Pike, Randall, Ross, Schenck, Sit-
Kreaves, Smith, Starkweather. Stewart, Taylor, John
Trimble, Lawrence S. Tumble, Van Auken, Robcit
f. Van liorn, Ward, Henry D. Washburn, and
Wood—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Bailey, Baker,
Baldwin, Blair, Boutweil, Bromwell, Butler, Church-
ill, Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Dawes, Ecklcy, Eliot, Fcrriss,
Fields, Glo^sbronner, Golladay, Gravely, Hopkins,
Hunter, Judd. Kelsey, Kitchen, lvoontz. George V,
Lawrence, Willia.ni Lawrence, Loan, Loughridge,
McCarthy, McClmg, Miller, Moore, Mouell, Myers.,
Newcmiib,0ilh, Paine, Plants, Paisley, Piice, K.ium,
Robertson, Sawyer, Scoheld, Shanks, Stokes, Taber,
Tatte, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Trump, Cadwalader
Cv Washburn, Elihu B. Was-hburnu, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, William Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen F.
Wilson, and Woodward—
NOT VOTING—Me srs. Adams, Allison, James M.<
Ashley, Barnes, Beaman, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin,
Benton, Biaine, Brooks, Bucklaiid.ReaderW. Clarke,
Coburn, Cornell,' Co\ocle, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs,
Eggleston, E'la, Finney, Fox, Gri&wold, Harding,
Asnhel W. lfubbard, Chester D. llubbard, Richard
D. llubbard, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Julian, Keiley,
Ivotuham, Lallin, Lincoln, Marvin, McCormick, Mor-
risscy, Xuun. Perham, Phelps Pile, Poland, Pomeroy,
Pruyn, Robinson, Selye, Shellabarger, Spalding,
Aaron F. Stevens, ThaddeusStoven?^ .Stone, Thomas,
Twichell, Van Acrnam, Bint Van Horn, Van Wyek,
Windom, and Woodbridge—5\l
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.'
The question recurred on agreeing to the re-
port of the committee of conference.
Mr. SCHENCK. On that I move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. COBB. I move to lay the report on the
table, and on that I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. SCOE1ELD. Mr. Speaker, would it be
proper to say that it was agreed that if the
motion to lay on the table was withdrawn the
friends of the bill would accept an appropria-
tion ot 810,000 ?
Mr. SCIIENCK. I object to debate.
The SPEAKEU. No debate is in order.
The yeas and nays were ordered. {
The question was taken, and it was decided ,
in the negative—yeas o2, nnvs 77. not voting >
b0 5 as follows : i
YEAS—Messrs. Dclo^ R. Ashley, Bailey, Baker,
Baldwin, Beainau, Blair, Biomwell, Butler, Cobb,
Coburn, Cook, Dawes, Eckley, Eliot, Fori is#. Fields, >
Gloshbrenner, Goliaday, Gravely, Hopkm>, Hunter, 1
Julian, Ivekey, William Lawrence, Loan.Lonjjhi idge, '
McCaithy, McClurg, McCoimick, Miller, Moore,
Morrell, Newcomb, Oith, Paine, Plants, Polsley,
Price, Robertson, Sawyer, Scolteld, Shanks, Tatte,
Thomas, Upson, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B. ■
\\ ashburne, Welker,Thonn's Williams, William Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, and John T. \V ihou—o2. [
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Archer, Ai nell, I
Axtell, Banks, Barnum, Beck, Bingham, Blame, .
BoutweH, Boyer, Broomall, Burr, Caiy, Chanler,
Sidney Oiaike, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Parnsworth,
Ferry. Garfield, Get7, Grover, llaiglit. llalsey, Haw- ■
kins, Higby, Ihll, Ilolman, Hooper, Jcnckes, John- 1
£on. Jones, Judd, Kerr, Kitchen, Knott, Latlin, i
Logan, Mallory, Marshall, Maynard, MeCallougb,
Mcrcur, Moorhead, Morgan, Mulling Mungen, My- ,
ers, Niblack, Nicholson, O'Neill, Peters, Pike, Ran-
dall, Ross, Seheuck. Sitgreavc?-, Smith, Spalding,
Starkweather, Stewart, Stokes, Tabor, Taylor, John 1
Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble, Trowbridge, Van
Auken, Robert T. Van liorn, Ward, Henry D. 1
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wood, and Wood- ;
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, James M. 1
Ashley, Barnes, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Brooks, 1
Ba<-kland, Cake, Chuichill, Reader W. Claike, Cor-
nell, Covode, Cullom, Driggs, Eggleston, 131a, Eld- j
ridge, Finney, Fox, Gri&wold, Harding, Hotchki&s, |
Astihel W. llubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Richard \
D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Keiley. !
Keteiiam* Koontz, George Y. Lawrence, Lincoln. :
I Lynch. Marvin, Morrissey. Nunn. Perham, Phelps,
! Pile, Poland, Pomeroy. Pruyn,. Raum, Robinson,
Windom, and Woodward—60.
So the House refused to lay the report on
the table.
The previous question vas seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, have we
not voted this down once?
The SPEAKER. The House has once voted
it down, but if has reconsidered it.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 hope we will vote it
down again, then.
On agreeing to the report of the committee
of conference there were—ayes ($2, noes 57.
Mr. SPALDING. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Tlie yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAWES. If this report is not agreed to
will it not be competent to appoint another com-
mittee of conference to fix it as it ought to be?
The SPEAKER. The pending motion will
then be on the motion of the gentleman from
Indiana.
Mr. SCOFIELD. . 'Will it be proper for
me to make the remark now that I was cut off
from making a little while ago ?
The SPEAKER. It will if gentlemen do
not object to debate.
Mr. BLAINE. I object to debate.
The cjtvistion was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 70. nays Co, not voting
50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Anderson. Archer,
Arnell, Axtell, Banks, Barnum, Beck, Bingham,
Blaine. Boutweil. Bovor. Burr: Cjiko. l.nrv. Chnnlftr.
Hawkins, Higby, Hill. Holman, Hooper, iiotchkiss,
Ingorsoll, Jenckes, Johi^on, Jones, Judd, Kerr,
Ivitehen, Ivnott, Laflin, Lynch, Marshall, Maynard,
McCullough, Mercur. Moore, Moorhead, Morgan,
Muliins, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson, O'Neill,
Peters. Pike, Randall, Ross, Schenck Selye, Sit-
greaves, Smith, Starkweather, Stewart, >tone, Taber-
| Taylor, John Tiimble, Lawrence S. Tumble, Van
■ Auken, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Henry D. Wash-
[ burn, and "Wood—70.
I NAYS—Messrs. Dclos R. Ashley, Bailey, Baker,
1 Baldwin, Beaman, Blair, Bromwell, Broomall, But-
' ler, Churchill, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Dawes, Dodge,
Eckley, Eta, Eliot, Fields, Glos-sbienner, Gravely,
| Hopkins, Hunter, Julian, Kelscv, Koontz, GeoigoV.
1 Lawrence. William Lawrence, Lincoln, Lonn, Lough-
i ridia'e, McCarthy, McClurg, MeCm-mick, Miller, Mor-
rell, Myers, Newcomb, Orth, Paine, Plants, Polsley,
Price, itanm, Robertson, Sawyer, Seofiold, Shanks,
Scalding, Stokes, Taffe, Thomas Trowbridge, Upson,
Cadwalader C. Washburn. Elihu B. Wa&hburne,
Welker, Thomas Williams, William William*, Jauies
F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
ward—63.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, James M. Ashley,
Barnes. Beatt.v, Benjamin, Bi-nlon, Brooks, Buok-
iand. Reader W. Clarke, Cornell, Covode, Ofcllora,
Donnelly, Driggs, Eggleston, Eldridge, Finney, Fox,
Griswold, Harding, A&ahel W. llubbard, Ciiesrer
1). llubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, llulbm d, Humph-
rey, Keiley, Ketcham. Logan, Mallory. Marvin, Mor-
rissey, Nunn, Perham, Phelps, Pile, Poland, Pome-
roy. Pruyn, Robinson, Shellabarser, Aaron F. Ste-
vens, Thaddous Stevens. Iwichell.Van Aernam, Burt
Van Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyck, William B.
Washburn, Stephen F, Wilson, and Woodbridge—50.
So the report of the committee of confer-
ence was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the report was agreed to, and to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The SPEAKER. Having been once recon-
sidered, it cannot be again reconsidtied,
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE
A message from the Senate, by Mr. W. J.
McDoxai/d, its Chief Clerk, announced that the
Senate insisted on its amendments to the bul
{I!. R. No. 678) making appropriations for the
payment, of invalid and other pen-ions of the
United States for the year ending.] une U->, 1869,
disagreed to by the House of Representatives,
agreed to the conference asked by the House
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. Grimes. Mr.
CoN'ia.iXG, and Mr. Moiuull of Vermont,
managers of the conference on the part of the
Senate.
The message also announced that the Senate
insisted on its amendment to the bill (H. K,
No. 831) to facilitate the payment of soldiers'
