186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bounties under act of 1866, disagreed to by
the House of Representatives, agreed to the
conference asked by the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. Wilsox, Mr. Howard, and
Mr. Ferry managers of the conference on the
part of the Senate.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the papers
of John Shafer.
IMPEACHMENT OP THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. BUTLER. I move to suspend the
rules so as to order that while the impeach-
ment of the President of the United States is
pending it shall be in order to suspend the
rules at any time.
Mr. WASHBURNB, of Illinois. I hope
that will not prevail.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question. The gentleman from Massachusetts
moves to suspend the rules for the purpose of
ordering that at any time during the pendency
of the impeachment of the President a motion
to suspend the rules shall be in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman from Massachusetts confine it to
matters connected with impeachment?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Are not matters
connected with impeachment privileged ques-
tions?
The SPEAKER. Some are, and some are
not.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a question of order.
It is this: that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts makes a proposition which affects one of
the standing rules of the House, and one day's
notice must bo given the House before it can
be made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
first part of the point of order, which is that it
does change a rule of the House ; but the Chair
overrules the last part of the point of order,
because the motion is to suspend the rules—
the rule to which the gentleman refers as well
as all others.
Mr. WOOD. Does not a rule of the House
require that before a standing rule can be
altered one day's notice shall be given ?
The SPEAKER. It does, and that is oneof
the rules that the gentleman moves to suspend.
Mr. WOOD. But he must first give one
day's notice.
The SPEAKER. That is not required. A
gentleman can move to suspend all the rules
in the book after the expiration of the morn-
ing hour on Monday; and the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] moves to suspend
that rule and all others that stand in the way
of this order.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to modify my motion
so that everybody may understand it. I move
to suspend the rules so as to order that during
the pendency of the impeachment the rules
may be suspended at any time as to any matter
which the Chair shall rule grows out of the
question of impeachment.
Mr. WOOD. Until the conclusion of im-
peachment.
Mr. BUTLER. For any motion growing out
of the matter of impeachment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
the gentleman from Massachusetts intends to
except the morning hour on Monday, which is
the only time when the States can be called
for bills and joint resolutions, and which has
always been reserved for that purpose.
Mr. BUTLER. I will modify my motion so
as to make that exception.
Mr. WOOD. I demand the yeas and nays
on suspending the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken upon the motion to
suspend the rules ; and it was decided in the
aflirmative—yeas 107, nays 37, not voting 45;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Arncll, Delos
E. Ashley, Jaines M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Bald-
win, Banks, Beaman, Bingham, Blaino, Blair, Brom-
wfcll, Broomali, Buck land, Buttor, Cake, Churchill,
40tji Cong. 2d Sess.—-No. "120.
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Covode, Cullom,
Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Eckley, Ela, liliot, Farnsworth,
Ecrriss, Kerry, Fields, Garfield, Gravely, Halsey, Haw-
kins, Higby. Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Ilulburd, Hunter,
Ingersoli. Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kelsey, Kitchen,
Koontss, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Loan, Logon, Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory,
Maynard, McCarthy, MeClurg, Mercur, Aliller,
Moore, Moorhead, Alorrcil, Muliins, Myers, New-
comb, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Peters, Pike, Plants,
Poland, Polsloy, Price, Rauin, Robertson, Schenek,
Seofield, Selye, Shanks, Starkweather, Stokes, Tafi'o,
Taylor, Thomas, John Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson,
Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, ElihuB. Wushburne, Henry D. Wnshburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Wclkor, Thomas Williams, Wil-
liam Williams, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
Stephen Wilson, and Windom—107.
NAYS — Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Barnum, Bock,
Boyer, Burr, Uary, Clianler.Eldridgo.Gct!:, Glossbren-
ner, Gollnday, Grover, Knight, lloluiiin, liotclikiss,
Richard D. Ilubbard, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Knott,
Marshall, McCormick, MnCulloush, Morgan, Mun-
gen, Niblack, Nicholson, Randall, Ross, Sitgroaves,
Taber, LawrcncoS. Trimble,Van Aaken, Van Trump,
Wood, and Woodward—37.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Adams, Ames, Barnes,
Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Boutwell, Brooks, Reader
W. Clarke, Cornell, Donnelly, Diiggs, Eggleston, Ein-
nsy, Eox, Griswold, Harding, Asahoi W. Hubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Kcllcy, Ketcham,
Lincoln, Marvin, Morrissey, Nunn, Perl)am, Phelps,
Pile, X>omeroy, Pruyn, Robinson, Sawyer, Sliolla-
barger, Smith, Spalding, Aaron E. Stevens. Thaddeus
Stovens, Stewart, Stone, Twiclioil, Van Aernaw, Burt
Van Horn, Van Wyck, and Woodbridge—-15.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended.
Mr. BUTLER. I now submit the following
resolution, for which leave has just been given
by a vote of the House; and upon it I call the
previous question:
Resolved, That, exccpt during tho morning hour
of Monday, tho rules may bo susponded, during tho
pendency of tho impeachment of the President, to
proceed to the consideration ol any mattor which
may bo reported by tho managers on tho part of tho
Houso of Representatives.
Mr. WOOD. I think this resolution is not
precisely like the one of which the gentleman
gave notice when lie submitted tho motion to
suspend the rules. The words, " relating to
impeachment," I think should be inserted be-
fore the words "which maybe reported," in
order to make the resolution conform to that
for which the House gave leave when it con
sented to a suspension of the rules. I hope
the gentleman will modify his resolution as I
have suggested.
Mr. BUTLER. I must decline the sugges-
tion of the gentleman.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a question of
order. These managers were elected for the
purpose of conducting tho impeachment be-
fore the Senate. My point of order is that
they have no power or authority to propose
legislation to this House.
The SPEAKER. If this resolution should
bo adopted the effect of it would be to author-
ize the managers to ask the action of tho House
on " any matter which maybe reported" by
them.
Mr. RANDALL. Then by the adoption of
this resolution the House would form the man-
agers into a committee?
The SPEAKER. They are practically a
committee now, elected by the House, as all
committees not appointed by the Chair are
required to be elected. The Chair will state
frankly to the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Randall] that tho effect of this resolu-
tion, if adopted, will be to give the managers
jurisdiction of other questions, as it author-
izes them, without qualification, to report any
matter.
Mr. RANDALL. Then they do not now
possess that jurisdiction ?
The SPEAKER. Not to this extent.
Mr. WOOD. Have the managers the right,
under the resolution, to introduce any other
business except such as may relate to impeach-
ment?
The SPEAKER. The effect of the reso-
lution would be to give the managers power
to introduce matters which might not strictly
relate to impeachment.
Mr. WOOD. Then I raise the point of order
that that is not in accordance with the object
for which the rules were suspended.
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The gentleman from '
chusetts [Mr. Butler] .must introduce the
resolution for which leave was granted. • He
can then move such amendment as he may
choose. :
Mr. BUTLER. Very well; I offer the- foL
lowing resolution: " ...
Resolved, That pending tho impeachment trial
(except during the morning hour on Monday) the
rules may bo suspended as to any matter which the
Chair may rule grows out oijimpeachmont.
The SPEAKER. That resolution is in
order.
Mr. BUTLER. I now move to amend the
resolution so that it shall read :
Resolved. That, except during the morning hour
on Monday, the rules may be suspended during the
pendency of the impeachment of tho President to
proceed to tho consideration of any matter which
may be reported by tho managers on the part of the
House of Representatives.
That limits this privilege to the managers.
I now call the previous question.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I rise to a
question of order. This is a proposition to
change the rules of the House. Must it not
lie over one day?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
overruled that point of order when raised some
time since by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. W'ood.] The gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Butler,] for the purpose of adopt-
ing this resolution, moves to suspend all rules
that would interfere with that objcct, the effect
of which motion, if adopted, is to suspend,
among other rules, that which requires a prop-
osition to amend the rules to lie over one day.
Mr. ROSS. 1 move that the resolution and
amendment be laid on the table.
Mr. NICHOLSON. 1 rise to a question of
order. I submit that the resolution as first
stated by tho gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] was adopted by a vote of two
thirds on the motion to suspend the rules. To
offer another proposition is it not necessary to
submit another motion to suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point cf order, but will state to the gentleman
that this proposition cannot be adopted with-
out a two-thirds vote.
Mr. WOOD. I call for the yeas and nays on
the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 31, nays 100, not voting
58 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Axtell, Barnum, Beck, Boyer, Burr,
Cary, Chanler, Gei.z,(13ossbreniicr,GoiUnlay, ilaight,
llolman, HotclikifeS, llichuvd D. Hubbard, Johnson,
Jones, Kerr, Knott, McCormick, Morgan. Niblack,
Nicholson, Randall, llo.-s, Sitgreaves, 'Taber, Law-
rence S. Trimble, VanAuken, Van Trump, Wood,
and Woodward—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos R. Ashley, JamesM. Ashloy, Bailey, Baldwin,
Banks, Beaman, Bingham, Blair, Boutwell, Brom-
weli, Broomali, Buokhmd,Butler, Churchill, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn,Cook,Covode, Cullom, Dawea,
Dixon, Dodge, Driggs, Eokley, Ela, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Eorriss, Fields, Garfield, Gravely, jfligby.
Hooper, Hopkins, Ilulburd, Hunter, Ingersoli,
Jcnekcs, Judd, Julian, Kelsey, Kitchen, lioontz,
Lafliri, Georgo V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lin-
coll), Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Maynard,
McCarthy, MeClurg, Mcrcur, Miller, Moore, Moor-
head, Myers, Newcomb, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Peters,
Pike, Pohindj Price, Kaum, Robertson, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scolield, Selyc, Shanks, Smith, Scalding,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas,
Upson, Robert T, Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, lihhu B. Washburne. Henry D. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn. Wclkor. Thomas Wil-
liams, William Williams, James F. Wilson, John T.
Wilson, Stephen P. Wilson, and Windom—100.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Aicher, Baker,
Barnes. Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Blame, Brooks,
Cake, Reader W. Clarke, Cornell, Donnelly, Eggles-
ton, Eldridge. Ferry. Finney, Fox, Griswold, Grover,
Halsey, Harding, Hawkins, Hill. Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Chester D. llubbard, Humphrey, Kelley, Ket-
eham, Mallory, Marshal),Marvin, McCullougll, Mor-
rell, Morrissey, AIulluis, Mungen, Nunn, Perham,
Phelps, Pile, Plants, Polsley, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Rob-
inson, Shellabar^er, Starkweather, Aaron 1'. Stevens,
Stewart,Stone. JolmTrimble, Trowbridge, Twichell,
Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck, and Wood-
bridge—38.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
and amendment on the table.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. PIKE. My colleague [Mr. PerhamJ
is detained from the House by sickness.
