2930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
to afford ample protection to sueil' officers in the
rightful discharge of their duties: Provided, That
such officers shall be deemed provisional only and
subject to the paramount authority of the United
States until the provisions of the first section of this
act shall have been complied with.
And beitfarther enacted, Thatno person prohibited
from holding nffiee under the United States or under
any State by section three of the proposed amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States known
as article fourteen, shall be deemed eligible to any
office in either of said States, and when any person
declared elected to any office is thus disqualified the
-person having the next highest number of votes for
the same office shall be intrusted with the discharge
of the duties of such office until such time as a new
election can be held in accordance with the provis-
ions of the constitution of the State in which it occurs.
vOne word in explanation of these amend-
ments. Tie first is intended to meet the case
of Louisiana, where General Buchanan has by
a general order provided that the State officers
elected shall not be installed until the first
Monday in November. He lias, I believe,
arrested the chairman of the board of regis-
tration created by the constitutional convention
in Louisiana, and has postponed the installa-
tion of the State officers until the first Monday
in November, thus leaving the rebel officers,
State and county and township, in possession
of the State until that time.
ThePRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment is not in order at this time, but it will be
hereafter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment of the
Senator from Indiana is not in order at this
time.
Mr. MORTON. But does that make any
difference?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all.
Mr. MORTON. I have a right to have it
read for information.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. In regard to the second
clause, it is intended to meet this difficulty:
to make ineligible officers who have been
elected in the recent elections who would be
ineligible when the fourteenth article becomes
a part of the Constitution ; in other words, to
prevent the installation in advance of officers
who would be ineligible and disqualified when
the fourteenth article becomes a part of the
Constitution by having been ratified by enough
States. It is to prevent the anomaly of now
installing officers that in a month or six weeks
might become incompetent and ineligible by
reason of the fourteenth article becoming a
part of the Constitution.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Mr. President, I have
received from a gentleman from Louisiana,
who claims to speak in behalf of the memo-
rialists, whom he states to be about four thou-
sand in number of the bona fide citizens of
Louisiana, a paper in the nature of a memo-
rial to the Congress of the United States. I
do not rise for the purpose of making any
argument myself, but I ask that this statement,
of his, as Louisiana has no representative here,
may be read. It is respectful in its terms.
Mr. POMEROY. Whom is it from?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. Austin is the name
of the gentleman.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The paper
-will bo read if there be no objection.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I inquire if that is a
private letter.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, sir; it is addressed
to the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let the Clerk read the
address.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin asks that the memorial be
read as part of his argument.
Mr. CONNliSS. The Senator from Mary-
land asks for the reading of the title of the
paper. I hope that will be done.
ThePIlESlDENTprotempore. Theaddress
will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The paper is addressed
as follows : '"Mr. President."
Mr. CONNESS. I object to the reading
unless the honorable Senator shall address the
Senate and make it a part of his speech.
Mr DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, in rela-
tion to that, I will regard it as a part of my
speech and allow the Clerk to read it.
Mr. CONNESS. No, Mr. President, that
cannot be done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. When the
reading of a paper is objected to it can only be
read by the consent of the Senate. It is usual
for gentlemen to read papers as part of their
argument; but the reading of this paper is
objected to, and the question is, shall it be
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will inquire if that is
not in the nature of a speech addressed to the
Senate of the United States by some person
outside of this body ? Is it not produced here
for the purpose of addressing the Senate by a
person who has no right to address this body ?
If that is the nature of the paper I object to
its being read. If it is any statement of fact
addressed to the Senate, let it be received like
other memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The rule of
the Senate is very clear on the subject. When
a paper is offered it cannot be read if objected
to unless the Senate consent, and that question
is to be decided without debate.
Mr. CONNESS. Now, before the question
is taken, I ask what name or names are signed
to it ?
The Chief Ci.ere. The paper is signed
"H. N. Austin for the memorialists."
Mr. NYE. Who are the memorialists ?
The PRESIDENT protempore. The ques-
tion is on the reading of the paper. The ques-
tion must be taken without debate?
Mr. THAYER. I desire to ask aquestion
of the Senator from Wisconsin: is it in the
shape of a memorial?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand it to be in
the shape of a memorial, but it was handed to
me by this gentleman, claiming to speak in
behalf of these memorialists, and he says they
are about four thousand in number.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT protempore. This mat-
ter cannot be argued.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If in order I move the
reference of the paper to the appropriate com-
mittee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on allowing the paper to be read, its
reading being asked for and objected to.
The question was put; arid there were 7 in
favor of the paper being read and 21 against
the reading.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The paper
cannot be read. ["Vote!" "Vote!"} The
question is on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson"] to
the amendment of die Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to insert "Alahama."
Mr. CONNESS. Oil that I ask fortheyeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL, Before the vote is taken
on that question, I wish to correct one or two
statements which have been made, doubtless
inadvertently, by Senators in regard to Ala-
bama. 'ihe question arises in this way : the
Senator from Massachusetts moves to amend
the amendment of the committee by inserting
" Alabama" as one of the States which is to
be entitled to representation in Congress ; and j
that is the precise question upon which we are
now about to vote. j
The distinction between Alabama and the j
other States is to my mind very clear. The
other States, Georgia, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Louisiana, and Florida, have all
adopted constitutions in accordance with the
reconstruction acts and sent their constitutions
here ; they have ratified those constitutions
by a vote of the people in accordance with the
reconstruction acts. The Suite of Alabama
has not done thai. At the time the State of
Alabama voted this was the law:
" That if, accoi ding to said returns, the constitution
shall be ratihed by a majority of the votes oi'the reg-
istered electois qualified as hereiu specified, east at
said election, at least one half of all the registered
voters voting upon the question of such ratification,
the president of the convention shall transmitaeopy
of the same, duly certified, to the President of the
United States, who shall forthwith transmit the same
to Congress."
It was only in case the constitution was rat-
ified by "a majority of the votes of the regis-
tered electors cast at said election, at least one
half of the registered voters voting upon the
question of such ratification," that the consti-
tution was to be transmitted to the President.
These words, "at least one half of the regis-
tered voters voting upon the question of such
ratification," were inserted in this law after
debate, after much controversy, in the Senate,
and at the present time are insisted upon by
several Seirators as very proper words to be in
the law.
The people of Alabama voted upon their
constitution tinder that law by which the Con-
gress of the United States said to them that
the constitution, in order to be valid, must be
ratified by a majority of those voting, and that
at least one half of all the registered voters
must vote upon the question. That was put
in as meaning something. Now, it is pro-
posed to recognize the State of Alabama as
entitled to representation in Congress when
not one half of the registered voters have
voted upon the question. Can we do that
wiOiout breaking iaith?
Mr. SUMNER. Breaking faith with whom?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Breaking faith with our-
selves, with the Congress of the United States,
breaking our own faith.
Mr. CONNESS. Permit meto ask the Sen-
ator if there is not a similar breach of faith
whenever we amend a law that we have once
passed ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. By no means. Here
the people have acted under an assurance from
Congress given to the people of Alabama, that
unless a majority gf all the registered voters
voted upon the question the constitution was
not to be transmitted at all.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to ask the
Senator a question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not propose to
debate this matter at any length.
Mr. STE WART. I simply wish to bring the
Senator right to the point. What object did
we have in providing for a vote at all? Was
it not simply to ascertain if a majority of the
loyal people of Alabama, the people we allowed
to vote, were in favorof the constitution? And,
comparing this vote with the vote taken in the
other States, Alabama having cast the greatest
number of votes of any State except South
Carolina for the constitution, in proportion to
the whole number of registered voters, does it
not clearly indicate that a majority of the loyal
people of Alabama do desire-to come in under
this constitution ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ne-
vada is entirely mistaken. Alabama has done
110 such tiling. She has not castas many votes
in proportion for her constitution as any other
State. Every one has cast more in proportion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I beg pardon of the Sen-
ator for interrupting him, to say that Alabama
has east more votes in favor of this constitu-
tion in proportion to her registered voters than
any other State in the South has cast for its
constitution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I beg the Senator's par-
don. I have the figures here bef'oie me offi-
cially, and I say every State in the South has
cast more votes than Alabama, and I will
show it.
Mr. SHERMAN. In proportion to the regis-
tered voters?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I say in proportion to
the registration.
Mr. SHERMAN. For the constitution?
Mr. TRUMBULL. For the constitution.
Mr, SHERMAN, I think the Senator is
mistaken.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We shall see who is
mistaken. I rose for the purpose of correct-
ing these mistakes which Senators have made
here without the facts before them ; but I shall
come to that branch of the case ia a moment.
