522
1BE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
from the Senator; I do not propose to fix the ]
rate of interest by law; but 1 propose to fund ■
our national debt upon a lower rate of inter-
est. How? In the performance of contracts
that, have been made by the Government.
When the five-twenties become due, at the end
of five years after their issue, it is the option
of the Government to pay them or to make a
new loan. It is not by any arbitrary act that I
desire to arrange this matter; but it is by a
fair system and a fair ability exercised in the
management of onr finances, conforming always
to the laws of trade and of the value of money.
While up, let me say to the Senator in regard
to the prices of commodities that the products
of the West are higher than they were during
the war. The products of manufactures may
be as large, but there is no sale for them.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a simple remedy
for that. If the productions of the manufac-
turers are too large, let them reduce the aggre-
gate and prices will probably advance. The
reason why the prices of agricultural produc-
tions are high now is because there is a for-
eign demand for agricultural productions, be-
cause the amount of agricultural productions
has not increased in proportion to the produc-
tions of manufactures. But I go back to the
main point. The honorable Senator proposes
to reduce the rate of interest not by law, but
how ? There is the question. By inflation,
because it can be done in no other way. He
proposes a result, but he does not tell us how
it can be achieved. He proposes to fund our
debt into bonds bearing a low rate of interest,
say three or four per cent. The English Gov-
ernment pays three per cent. ; the French
four; and he would fund our debt at this low
rate of interest. Now, how is it to be done ?
It must be done by the consent of the holders
of the bonds. If yon propose to pay them in
f reenbacks, adopting the proposition of our
>emocratic friend, where are you to get the
greenbacks ? Will you print more and spread
them over the whole country until finally prices
shall so rise that yoa can induce the bond-hold-
ers to take them, or will yon compel them to
take them and give them nothing else ?
This is a grave and difficult question that I
do not wish now to enter upon. I know that
the public sentiment of this country demands
that the bondholders as well as other citizens
of the country should make some sacrifices.
I know that it is idle to attempt to postpone
the payment of our national debt until our
five-twenty bonds are at par in gold, and I
believe that any attempt of that kind will only
lead to disaster and ruin to the party or the
men who attempt it. But I believe that a fair
proposition, made in a liberal spirit by the
Congress of the United States to the holders
of the five-twenties now upon right principles,
xould be accepted by them, and then that this
whole question could be settled forever and
removed out of onr politics.
I have regarded it as a misfortune that two
years ago we did not make some disposition
of the matter before this question was raised.
Then no portion of the five-twenties had become
redeemable, and we might have put upon the
market some bonds into which the five-twenties
might have been floated when the time arrived
for their redemption. But the golden moment
passed, and now the question is whether we
thou Id postpone all efforts to redeem the public
debt, all efforts to reduce the rate of interest,
until we raise those bonds to par in gold. I
say that if we should thus delay, if we take no
measures to satisfy a just public sentiment, we
shall find ourselves overthrown. At the same
time I do not wish to turn round and take advan-
tage of the position of affairs and compel the
the bond-holders to take a security lower in its
productive value than any other interest can
possibly produce.
My honorable friend, however, proposes to
reduce the rate of interest to three or four per
cent, in this country. It can only be done by
a general destruction of values and by an infla-
tion of the currency without precedent in our
past history, and which would not be justified
by the circumstances and condition of the j
country.
Mr. President, my friend from Rhode Island
takes a desponding view of the condition of
the country; I take a hopeful view. There is
just the difference. There has been no period
of onr country from its organization to this
time when it had more elements of prosperity
than it has at this moment. It is'true, we havo
some difficult financial problems to solve; bnt
where and when was industry better rewarded?
Some branches of industry, it is true, are para-
lyzed, perhaps overworked, overdone, but the
general condition of the country is as fair as it
ever has been. All classes of our people who
will work at fair wages are employed. There
is nothing in the present condition of the coun-
try that need discourage us. I believe that if
Congress will pay proper attention to financial
questions ; if the Republican party in Congress,
which has the charge and responsibility of
these grave measures, will agree among them-
selves upon some fair and decent proposition,
they may convert the whole of the national
debt into bonds which will reduce the burden
of the debt at least one fifth or one sixth, ana
thus satisfy the just demands and expectations
of our own" people. There is no difficulty, in
my opinion, in arriving at a proper settlement
of this subject. The trouble has been that
every man has his own particular idea. These
ideas must be made to harmonize, or else it is
impossible to carry out the great objects we
have in view.
I trust Senators when they look around at
the signs of the times will feel that what I said
a moment ago is absolutely true, that the public j
sentiment will not allow us to postpone the set-
tlement of this question until our five-twenties
rise above par in gold. If you propose to post-
pone all action on this subject until after that
time comes, you in the meantime will lose all
opportunity to do that which you desire to do,
to protect the national credit. You cannot
postpone it. You must propose measures that
will meet these questions fairly upon a just, and
honorable basis, not that will impair the public
credit, but that will preserve the public credit.
To all measures of that kind I, for one, am
willing to give full and honest consideration.
I do not desire to prolong the debate, and I |
did not wish to say what I have done now, j
because much of it is immaterial and not per-
tinent to the pending question, and therefore
I owe to the Senate an apology for replying
to these statements, but I considered it my
duty to do so lest they might go to the country
unchallenged.
Mr. SPRAGUE. A word in reference to
the holders of the different securities who now
demand that they shall be paid in gold; and to
that end the whole attention of Congress and
of the Government of the country has been
directed. What injustice, may I ask, is there
in paying the holders of these bonds seventy
dollars in gold when they took them at fifty
dollars in gold ?
Mr. SHERMAN. There is none in the
world ; and we have the right now to go into
the markets in New York and buy the different
bonds for seventy or seventy-two in gold, or
whatever the market price is, if we have the gold
with which to do it. There is no difficulty in that.
The trouble is that we have not the gold.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
occupy a single moment only. The Senator
from Rhode Island kindly informed me yes-
terday that he would controvert the statement
made by me on the floor in relation to the
amount that the Bank of England is allowed
to issue. My statement was that it was equal
to the amount of public securities held by the
bank and the amount of coin. I advised the
Senator to examine the subject; but I perceive
that he has not done so, because he has made
a different statement here to-day—that they are
allowed to issue on their discounts. I call his
attention to the statute on the subject passed
under Victoriain 1844, by which he will see that
I was perfectly correct. I read from chapter
thirty-two of the statute of seventh and eighth
Victoria, which constitutes the charter of the
Bank of England:
"That upon the 30th day of August, 1844, there
shall be appropriated, transferred, and set apart by
the said governor and company of the issue depart-
ment of the Bank of England securities to the value
of £14 000,000, whereof the debt due by the public to
the said governor and company shall be and bo
deemed a part; and there shall also at the same tune
bo transferred, appropriated, and set apart by the
said governor and company to the said issue depart-
ment so much of tho gold coin and gold and silver
bullion then held by the Bank of England a3 shall
not bo required by the banking department thereof,
and thoreupon thero shall be delivered out oi tho
said issue department into tho said banking depart-
ment of the Bank of England such amount of Bank
of England notes as, together with the Bank of Eng-
land notes then in circulation, shall be equal to the
aggregate amount of tho securities, coin, and bullion
so transferred to said is.?uo department."
The Senate will find further on that the bank
is only allowed beyond the amount of Govern-
ment securities on hand to issue notes in ex-
change for coin or bullion, and he will also
find, if he will examine so common an author-
ity as one of our encyclopedias, that the great
stress of weather in 1857 the bank had not at all
exceeded the restriction of the charter, Oil
the 11th of November, 1857, the day prior to
the interposition of Government, the whole
amount of notes issued was £21,141,065 ster-
ling. The Government debt, other securities,
gold coin, and bullion held by the bank were
precisely of the same amount. It is true that tho
Bank of England in its banking department has
the right to bank upon deposits, and the bank?
ing department receives and pays out the Bank
of England notes the same as an individual,
and if the notes are returned to the banking
department they can discount upon them; but
the amount of the issues is fixed by law and
cannot be exceeded.
Mr. SPRAGUp. I do not think that I am
wrong in relation to this subject. In the de-
bates which gave rise to the law to which tho
Senator has referred Sir Robert Peel, as an
offset to the demand that there should be a
pound in coin for a pound in notes up to a cer-
tain amount, stated that in consideration of
that the bank was permitted to issue on the
Government deposits, and also to issue £14,-
000,000 sterling upon the deposits and other
securities in addition to the pound for pound
for gold deposits in the bank. There is no
doubt about that if my reading is correct as
to the history of that bank act, and it is fresh
because I only left it yesterday.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I only ask
that the Senator will read the act. I will read
what an encyclopedia says.
Mr. SPRAGUE. If the Senator will ex-
amine any report of the Bank of England
wherein the amount of coin and bullion on
hand is stated, and also the amount of circu-
lation, that is argument sufficient, because the
circulation is always greater than the amount
of bullion on hand.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Ihave already
stated the condition of the Bank of England
in those very respects on the 11th of Novem-
ber, 1857, which contradicts the statement of
the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It is a question of fact;
that is all.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have given
that statement and will not repeat the details;
but I will read what I take from an encyclo-
pedia as to this act:
"The important provisions designed by this act
were that tne bank might issue £11,000,000 for which
the public debt due the bank should be security, and
£3,000,000 on exchequer bills and such other Govern-
ment securities as it might hold; but that for every
pound sterling issued beyond the £14,000.000 the bank
should hold an equal amount in gold and silver."
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move to amend
the amendment in the mode I suggested yes-
terday, by striking out in lines thirteen and
fourteen the words " until Congress shall other-
wise provide" and inserting "and the amount
of such notes no\/existing shall not be'further
