3954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
Mr. CRAGIN presented a report of a com-
mittee of the Legislature of Montana, recom-
mending the passage of a memorial to Con-
gress, praying for an appropriation for the.
purpose of paying the Montana volunteers for
the late expedition against the Indians; which
was referred to the Committee on Territo-
ries.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented addi-
tional papers in relation to the claim of John
H. Crowell; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
reports op committees.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom were referred the follow-
ing bills, reported them without amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 1239) granting a pension
to Owen Griffin;
A bill (H. R. No. 1240) granting a pension
to Margaret Lewis;
A bill (EL R. No. 1241) granting a pension
to Mrs. Mary Brown ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1242) granting a pension
to Esther Fisk;
A bill (H. R. No. 1243) granting a pension
to William 0. Dodge;
A bill (H. R. No. 1244) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Solomon
Gause;
A bill (H. R. No. 1245) granting a pension
to Matthew C. Griswold ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1244) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Hiram
Hitchcock;
A bill (H. R. No. 1247) granting a pension
to Orlena Walters;
A bill (EL R. No. 1248) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Richardson;
A bill (H. R. No. 1249) granting a pension
to Margaret C. Long;
A bill (fl. R. No. 1250) granting a pension
to James Rooney';
A bill (EL R. No. 1251) granting a pension
to Charles Hamstead;
A bill (H. R. No. 1252) granting a pension
to the minor children of Garrett W. Freer.
A bill (H. R. No. 1253) granting a pension
to Julia L. Doty ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1254) granting a pension
to Francis M. Webster.
report op academy of sciences.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing. to whom was referred a resolution to
Srint additional copies of the report of the
fational Academy of Sciences for the year
1867, have instructed me to report it back with
an amendment as a substitute, and I ask for its
present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Clerk need read only
the substitute.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows :
Resolved, That the report of the operations of the
National Academy ofScienccs for 1867-68 be printed;
and that one thousand extra copies be printed for
the use of the Senate, and onethousand extra copies
be printed for the use of the Academy.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
bills introduced.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
611) authorizing the appointment of a commis-
sion to examine the claim of the Territory of
Montana for volunteers during the late Indian
war, and to report upon the same; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Territories, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 612) in relation to the proof of wills in
the District of Columbia; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
james coey.
Mr. CONNESS submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to com-
municate to the Senate whether a commission has
been issued to James Coey, who has been nominated
and confirmed as collector for the first internal rev-
^ enue district of California; and if the same has not
been issued, the reasons therefor.
amendments to pension bills.
On motion by Mr. VAN WINKLE, the Sen-
ate proceeded to consider the amendments of
the House of Representatives to the following
bills of the Senate :
A bill (S. No. 175) for the relief of Joseph
McGhee Cameron, and Mary Jane Cameron,
minor children of La Fayette Cameron, de-
ceased ;
A bill (S. No. 382) granting an increase of
pension to Obadiah T. Plum;
A bill (S. No. 422) granting a pension to
Maria Schweitzer and the children of Conrad
Schweitzer, deceased;
A bill (S. No. 018) granting a pension to the
widow and child of John P. Felty ;
A bill (S. No. 54:7) granting a pension to
John Sheets;
A bill (S. No. 314) for the relief of George
T. Brien;
A bill (S. No. 383) granting a pension to
John A. Weed and Elizabeth J. Weed, minor
children of Robert T. Weed, deceased ;
A bill (S. No. 517) granting a pension to the
widow and children of Henry Brown; and
A bill (S. No. 521) granting a pension to the
children of William M. Wooten, deceased.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1337) granting an increase
of pension to Frances T. Richardson, widow
of the late Major General Israel B. Richard-
son ; and
A bill (II. R. No. 1363) granting an increase
of pension to Emily B. Bidwell, widow of
Brigadier General Daniel D. Bidwell.
On motion by Mr. VAN WINKLE, it was
Resolved, That the Senate disagree to the amend-
ments of tho House of Representatives to the above
mentioned bills, and ask a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on tho part of tho Sen-
ate bo appointed by the President pro tempore of the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Van Winkle, Mr. Trumbull, and Mr.
Edmunds.
registration of foreign vessels.
Mr. MORGAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1119, reported from the Committee on Com-
merce. It is a bill of about twenty lines, and
will not occupy any time.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (II.
R. No. 1119) for the registration or enrollment
of certain foreign vessels was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue certificates
of registry or enrollment and license to the
schooner Bob, of Saint Andrew, .New Bruns-
wick ; and to the following named Canadian-
built vessels, to wit: the schooner Royal Al-
bert, of Oakville; the bark John Breden, the
schooner Prince Alfred, and the brigantine
Orkney Lass, all of Kingston; the schooner
George Henry, of Toronto; the schooner An-
nexation, of Port Hope; and the schooner
Emperor, of Saint Catharines; also to the
barges Champlain and Hochelega, of Quebec;
the bark Monarch, the brig Sea Gull, and the
schooner Smith and Post, all of Oakville; the
schooner Welland, of Saint Catherines; the
schooner Governor, of Montreal; the schooner
L. S. Shicklana, of Saint Catharines; the
schooner Victoria, of Toronto; those vessels
being owned by citizens of the United States,
and having been at all times employed upon
the waters of the lakes; but there is to be paid
upon each of the foreign-built vessels a tax
equal to the internal revenue tax upon the
materials and construction of similar vessels
of American build.
The bill was reported to the Senate without-
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson. its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of
the committee of conference on the following
bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 373) to place the name
of Mahala. A. Straight upon the pension-rgll
of the United States;
A bill (EI. R. No. 456) granting a pension
to the minor children of Pleasant Stoops ;
A bill (H. R. No. 518) granting a pension
to George F. Gorham, late a private in com-
pany B, twenty-ninth regiment Massachusetts
volunteer infantry;
A bill (H. R. No. 522) granting a pension
to W. W. Cunningham ;
A bill (H. It. No. 535) granting a pension
to Jeremiah T. Ilallett;
A bill (H. R. No. 661) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of William
Craft;
A bill (IT. R. No. 662) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of George
R. Waters ;
A bill (H. R. No. 663) granting a pension
to Cyrus K. Wood, the legal representative of
Cyrus D. Wood;
A bill (II. R. No. 664) granting a pension
to the minor children of Charh-s Gouler;
A bill (H. R. No. 666) granting a pension
to Henry H. Hunter ;
A bill (II. R. No. 669) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Myron
Wilklow;
A bill (H. R. No. 670)granting a pension to
the widow and children of Andrew Holman ;
A bill (H. R. No. 521) to place the name of
Solomon Zachman on the pension-roll;
A bill (H. R. No. 673) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of John S.
Phelps;
A bill (II. R. No. 672) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Charles W.
Wilcox ;
A bill (H. R. No. 676) granting a pension to
Thomas Connolly;
A bill (II. R. No. 677) granting a pension to
the minor children of James Heatherly ;
A bill (II. R. No. 770) granting a pension to
John H. Finlay;
A bill (H. R. No. 675) granting a pension to
the widow and minor children of Cornelius
L. Rice;
A bill (H. R. No. 771) granting a pension to
John L. Lay ;
A bill (H. R. No. 773) granting a pension to
William H. McDonald; and
A bill (H. R. No. 825) granting a pension to
John W. Hughes.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bill and joint
resolution :
A bill (S. No. 307) for the relief of certain
Government contractors; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 81) placing
certain troops of Missouri on an equal footiug
with others as to bounties.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate to
the following joint resolutions:
_ A joint resolution (H. It. No. 201) in rela-
tion to the Rock Island bridge; and
A joint re'solution (H. R. No. 292) directing
the Secretary of War to sell damaged or unser-
viceable arms, ordnance, and ordnance stores.
freedmen's bureau.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the bill
(S. No. 567) relating to the Freedmen's Bureau
and providing for its discontinuance. I pre-
sume it will take but a moment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of tbe Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It provides that the duties
and powers of Commissioner of the Bureau for
the Relief of Freedmen and Refugees shall ton-
tinue to be discharged by the present Com-
missioner of the bureau, and in case of vacancy
