1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2931
We said to the people of Alabama that the
constitution would be adopted only in case a
majority ol' the registered voters take part in the
election. _ Now, after having said that, when
there are in Alabama one hundred and seventy
thousand registered voters, and only sixty-nine
thousand liave voted for the constitution, you
propose to declare that the constitution of the
people of Alabama! One hundred thousand
voters did not go to the polls at all, sixty-nine
thousand only voted for the constitution, and
seventy thousand took part in the election un-
der it. ^ They had a right to stay from the polls;
you said so by your law. Having published
this law to the people of Alabama, under which
they were to reconstruct their State government,
and said to them that unless a majority take
part in the election on this constitution it was
not to be transmitted as the constitution, can
you turn around now to-day and say, "Itisthe
constitution of your State ; your people should
have known better than to have stayed away
from the polls?" Here may have been loyal
men, good men, to whom it was inconvenient
to take part in the election ; and how did they
reason? They said, "If we do not go to the
election our vote counts just the same as if we
do go." Now, after you have held this out to
them, and said to thein that their votes should
count the same, you propose to turn around
and say, " We will put the constitution upon
you at any rate." It is the old Lecompton
principle over again. We cannot stand upon
such a position as that before the country.
Mr. CONNESS. We can.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No ; my friend from
California, and nobody else, in my judgment,
can stand before the intelligent people of this
country on such a proposition. When we have
authorized the people of a State to form a con-
stitution and State government, and have said
to them that that constitution was to be adopted
only in case a majority of their registered voters
took part iu its formation, I do not think we
can atterward turn around and adopt that con-
stitution as the fundamental law of that State
when only a minority less by thirty thousand
than those not voting have taken part in the
formation of the constitution.
It has been repeatedly said on this floor that
a larger number in proportion voted for the
constitution in Alabama than elsewhere. I
will correct that. I have here the official
report, which will be found in Executive Docu-
ment No. 53, which is a '• letter of the General
of the Army of the United States, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of December 5, 18G7, a statement of
the number of white and colored voters regis-
tered in each of the States subject to the recon-
struction acts of Congress, with other statistics
relative to the same subject." The first State
to which I will turn the attention of the Senate
is North Carolina. In the State of North Car-
olina, according to this official report, there
were registered 179,653 votes, half of which is
89,826. According to this official report from
the General of the Ariny it appears that in
North Carolina there were cast tor the consti-
tution 9*2,500 votes. More than one half of
all the registered voters voted for the consti-
tution in North Carolina, so that even if the
law never had been changed North Carolina
adopted the constitution by those who voted
affirmatively in its favor. There were east
against the constitution in North Carolina
71,820 votes, so that one hundred and sixty-
four thousand voted on the question, and a
majoiity of all the registered voters in North
Carolina voted for the constitution. Now, I
ask the Senator from Ohio and the Senator
from Nevada if they are satisfied that a larger
proportion voted iu North Carolina for the
constitution than did in Alabama according to
the vote? Do they "give it up" in reference
to North Carolina? It was but a moment ago
it was stated by both these Senators that there
was a larger vote cast for the constitution in
Alabama than in any other State. I show you
the^ official vote, that a majority of all the
registered voters voted for the constitution in
North Carolina. Now, what becomes of that
misstatement?
Mr. SHERMAN. When the Senator is
through and does not address himself in that
way, I will reply to him. 1 have the facts
before me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, if there is any
other official statement, I should be glad to see
it. I read from this executive document.
Now I will read as to South Carolina. Accord-
ing to the official report which I hold in my
hand there were in the State of South Carolina
127,432 registered voters. The half of 127,432
is G3,716. There were cast for the constitution
in the State of South Carolina, according to an
official report from the General of the Army,
made the 12th day of May, 1868, 70,758 votes;
so that in South Carolina there were cast
7,042 votes, more than half of the registered
voters, in favor of the constitution, and the
constitution was therefore ratified by a majority
of all the registered voters of South Carolina;
so that if the law never had been changed, the
constitution would have been adopted by the
voters of that State.
I next come to the State of Georgia. In the
State of Georgia, according to this same official
report made from the headquarters of the third
military district by Major General Meade, there
were 191,501 registered voters; the half of
which is 95,750. There were east for the con-
stitution in Georgia, according to the same
official authority, 89,007 votes, which deducted
from 95,750, half of all the registered voters,
shows that less than half voted for the consti-
tution in Georgia by 6,743, but not so great a
•proportion less as in Alabama. In Alabama
the difference between the vote for the consti-
tution ana half of the registered voters was
13,009, while in Georgia, with a much larger
registered vote the difference was only 0,743,
so that the State of Georgia adopted her con-
stitution by a much larger vote in proportion
than was cast for the constitution in the State
of Alabama. There were cast against the con-
stitution in Georgia, at the same time, seventy-
one thousand votes, so that there voted on the
question, in the State of Georgia, one hundred
and sixty thousand.
I come next to the State of Louisiana. It
appears by this same official report that there
were in the State of Louisiana, 129,654 regis-
tered voters ; one half of that number would
be 64,827. _ There were cast for the constitu-
tion in Louisiana 66,152 votes. A majority of
all the registered voters of the State voted
for the constitution, a majority of 1,325, so
that the constitution of Louisiana was adopted
by an actual majority of all the registered votes,
leaving out the large vote which was cast
against the constitution in that State, being
48,739.
I come next to the State of Florida. In the
State of Florida, according to the registration,
there were 28,003 votes, one half ot' which is
14,001 ; and there were cast for the constitu-
tuiton, according to the report from the General
of the Army, 14,511 votes which is a majority
of 510 votes of all the registered voters of the
State.
Thus it is seen that in every State except Geor-
gia an actual majority of all the registered voters
voted for the constitution. In the State of
Georgia it only lacked 6,743 of being a majority
of all the votes voting for it, and one hundred
and sixty thousand voters in Georgia voted on
the question. Now, what becomes of the state-
ment made in the Senate in order, to induce
the Senate to adopt a constitution for the peo-
ple of the State of Alabama, which was only
carried by a minority vote, that that constitu-
tion had more votes in its favor than the, con-
stitution in any other of these reconstructed
States ? The gentlemen have,labored under a
misapprehension in their zeal and their anxiety
to have these States recognized, which is no
greater than mine. I am as anxious for the
early recognition of these States as any mem-
ber upon this floor ; but I cannot consent to
violate fundamental principles; I cannot con-
sent to force upon the people of any State by
a minority vote a fundamental law; I cannot
consent to break the faith of this nation for the
purpose of bringing Alabama into this hill.
With all these facts before us, how is it that
the State of Alabama is to be for-ced in here to
embarrass the bill under consideration? We
have a bill here embracing five States', North
Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia,
and Florida, each one of which has ratified its
constitution in accordance with the law.
Mr. MORION. With the permission of
the Senator I should like to ask him a ques-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly. *
Mr. MORTON. The Senator quotes from
the law the provision requiring a majority of
the registered voters to vote on the question.
Now, I wish to quote from the latter part of
the same section and ask him the construction
he gives to it ;
"And if it shall moreover appear to Congress that
the election was one at which all the registered and
qualified electors in the State had an opportunity to
vote freely and without restraint, fear, or tiic influ-
ence of fraud, and if the Congress shall bo satisfied
that such constitution meets the approval of a
majority of all the qualified electors in the State,
and ifthe said constitution shall bo declared by Con-
gress to be in conformity with the provisions of the
act to.which this is supplementary, and the other
provisions^!'said act shall have been complied with,
and the said constitution shall be approved by Con-
gress. the State shall be declared entitled to repre-
sentation, and Senators and Representatives shall
tee admitted thereto om as therein provided."
I want to know what 'meaning is to be
attached to that part of this section which says
that if Congress shall be satisfied that the con-
stitution is approved by a majority of the regis-
tered voters, the State shall be received ? Does
it mean anything, or not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 will tell the Senator
from Indiana whatl suppose itto mean. I rec-
ollect very well when this clause was put in, and
the object that was had in view in inserting it.
It was this ; that Congress meant to hold in its
hands the power to still refuse to recognize
these Stales in case it was satisfied that the
constitutions were carried fraudulently; or if
there was any cause which, in the opinion of
Congress, ought, to prevent the recognition of
a State, it would not tie up its hands in advance,
so that it could still refuse to recognize them.
It was to reserve this power, but it was never
intended to do away with the previous provis-
ion in the first part of the section.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The provisions are not
at all inconsistent..
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all. The object
of the latter clause was what I have just stated,
and it never Entered into the mind of anybody,
when this law was passed, that a State was to
be recognized as having adopted its constitu-
tion unless a majority of all the registered
voters took part in the election. The Senator
from Indiana knows that very well, for he and
I both struggled against the adoption of that
c}auSe
Mr. MORTON. One question more. Wa3
not that clause equally intended to cover a
case where the constitution was defeated by
fraud or the use of improper means?
Mr. TRUMBULL. In my judgment it was
not.
Mr. MORTON. I think it was.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me ask the Sen-
ator from Indiana how can he reason that
Congress should be satisfied that " the consti-
tution meets the approval of a majority of all
the qualified electors" in the State, when it
appears that one hundred thousand took no
part under a law that did not require them to
take part ? I objected to that part of the law;
hut nevertheless it was the law. How can he
say that sixty-nine thousand votes in favor ol
a constiution atf'ord any evidence that it is a
constitution which is satisfactory to one hun-
dred and seventy thousand ?
There is another view of this case which I
will present, although I have spoken at greater
length than I intended when I rose. I think
we must pass some bill in regard to Alabama,
and I shall be ready to cooperate in the pas-
sage of a bill in regard to the State of Ala-
