1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
407
40th Cong....2d Sess.
The Public Expenditures, dkc.—Mr. Boyer.
H<>. of Reps.
end of the next fiscal year, is in no condition
to speculate in the purchase of barren wastes
of scarcely inhabitable territory.
This brings ine to the single proposition as
to whether we have the constitutional right to
refuse this appropriation. In support of the
affirmative of this question i find the highest
authority among the framers of the Constitu-
tion, James Madison, and the greatest of Ameri-
can jurists, Chief Justice Marshall. With them
I maintain that under the Constitution the Presi-
dent and the Senate may make a treaty, but it is
binding upon us only when it is of a nature to
he wholly completed by them. When it requires
as an essential part of the contract the appropri-
atio'n of money by the legislative branch of the
Government the treaty is not the law of the
land until completed by the grant of the appro-
priation. This position is sustained hy reason as
well as authority, and the House of Representa-
tives pronounced alegislatiye construction upon
their constitutional power in this,regard when,
in passing upon the very first foreign treaty
ever negotiated by this Government after the
adoption of the Constitution, they solemnly
resolved, as early as 1796, that— -
"It is the constitutional right and duty of the
House of Representatives in all such eases to deliber-
ate on the expediency of carrying such treaty into
pffeet, and to determine Etnd aot thereon a8 in their
judgment way bo most conducive to the publio
good."
Were it otherwise, the Executive, with tlie
consent of the Senate, might deprive the House
of Representatives of all control over this
class of public expenditure, whether the treaty
stipulated for the payment of seven or seventy
million dbllars.
But I put my opposition to this appropria-
tion distinctly upon the ground that we cannot
afford it. W e are upon the verge of national
bankruptcy, and if we would avert repudia-
tion and financial ruin retrenchment and re-
form must become the rule of our action. I
propose upon this occasion to review that
wasteful and. destructive policy which has re-
duced our country to its present deplorable
condition. Professions of economy have been
repeated often enough ; but the louder the pro-
fessions of the party in power the more reck-
k,-; / extravagant has been their management
of public affairs.
The seventh resolution contained in tlie
Republican platform of principles adopted at
Chicago this year declares that "the Govern-
ment of the United States should be adminis-
tered with the strictest economy." In this
general proposition all parties must agree.
So popular, indeed, is the enunciation of pro-
fessions of economy by political parties upon
the eve of a presidential election that it is sure
te be repeated as often as the delegates of
either party assemble in national convention.
Mncli more emph&tieaiis and elaborately stated
was this sruno doctrine when the Republican
paity first came into power in 1860. In their
national convention at Chicago they then
declared as follows:
" That the people jastly view with alarm the reck-
less extravagan-ee which pervades every Department
of the Federal Government; that a return to rigid
economy and accountability is indispensable to arrest
the systematic plunder of the public Treasury by
favored partisans, while the starthng developments
of frauds and corruptions at the Federal metropolis,
show that an entiie change of administration is
imperatively demanded."
Such was the doctrine proclaimed by a party
which in a single administration of four yeais
spent more public money than it cost to ad-
minister the Government from its foundation
during seventy-two years of alternate peace and
war, and in those four years piled up an ac-
cumulated public debt such as no nation in
the world ever created in. the same space of
*1 shall not pause to inquire how much of
our present national debt may be set down to
the wasteful extravagance with which the late
war was conducted, nor how much of it arose
from the plunder of the Government by "loyal"
contractors aided by their official confederates.
But so shocking to the common understanding
had these depredations become, thatin the midst
of the war one of the Republican leaders of
Congress thought it his duty to say publicly in
his place in this House that more had been
! stolen from the public Treasury by " loyal
thieves" during one month of Mr. Lincoln's
administration than it had cost for the mainte-
nance of the Government during the entire
four years of the administration of Mr. Bu-
chanan.
'Excuses are sometimes pleaded for these
excesses on account of the unavoidable waste-
fulness of all wars, and the inexperience of
our Government in the oonduet of a great war
which came upon us suddenly when we were
unprepared. But what excuses canbeinvented
to justify the continuance of the costly estab-
lishments of war in a period of profound peace?
Why could not the ordinary expenses of the
Government—exclusive of the interest on the
public debt—have been brought back, at least
in the second year after the restoration of
peace, very nearly to the expenses of the Gov-
ernment during the administration of Presi-
dent Buchanan?
There is no answer to this question except
that which is based upon the necessities of the
so-called reconstruction policy of Congress.
That is the consuming moth which is eating up
the substance of the people. It is that which
has involved the maintenance of a vast stand-
ing array in the time of peace, and the crea-
tion and support of the freedmen's Bureau,
and the establishment of military governments
in ten of the States to enforce the peculiar legis-
lation of Congress over the local State gov-
ernments, and especially to aid in the unnat-
ural subjection of white majorities to negro
domination, an offeuse alike against the prin-
ciples of republican government and against
the civilization of the age, a usurpation over
a people once free, which would be impossible
without the employment of force.
These extravagant and barbarous contriv-
ances have brought their logical results in the
shape of vast expenditures and enormous and
otherwise unnecessary and therefore intoler-
able taxation. They have produced a disturb-
ance of social order and a general sense of
insecurity for capital, labor, and political lib-
erty throughout the southern States.
Not only has the policy pursued by Congress
rendered necessary a fearful expenditure of the
national wealth for purposes hitherto unknown
to our laws, but it has at the same time crippled
the nationalresources and hindered their devel-
opment and increase. To postpone the com-
plete restoration of any section of the Union
to its material prosperity is plainly an injury to
the whole country; for thereby the increase of
taxable property is prevented and the popula-
tion of the suffering section are less able to
bear their proportion of the national burdens.^
By persecuting the South theNorth has afHicteci
itself. By impoverishing the South the North
is made poorer. By trampling upon the con-
stitutional rights of the South the North is
preparing the way for its own political enslave-
ment- • ii-i
Unless the whole system of national legisla-
tion be immediately reformed financial_ disas-
ter, bankruptcy, and repudiation must inevit-
ably overtake us.
The national debt during the month of May
(the last month of which, at this date, we have
the official report) increased $9,010,959 18,
and the coin in the Treasury diminished $16,-
681,058 69. It is estimated even by the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means of
the House of Representatives, [Mr. Schexcel,]
that the balance of receipts over expenditures
for the current fiscal year ending June 30, will
be onlv $26,616,393. With a yearly balance
like that it would take nearly one * hundred
years to pay our national debt. The receipts
for the year 1867 are officially stated at $490,-
526,947 49; and upon tte best showing which
the chairman of the House Committee of Ways
and Means could make in what must be can-
ceded to be an able, candid, and statesmanlike
speech, he set down the total receipts for 1868
at $405,794,409 29, a falling off in.tme vear
of $84,732,488 20. ; ;
But the prospect is at present even worse
than that. The statistics of the Treasury De-
partment show that while our annual expenses
are decreasing very slowly the revenue is
diminishing in a much greater proportion ; and
this is taking place under the operation of the
most grinding system of taxation ever endured
by any people.
If we compare the expenditures of the three
last years and the estimated expenditures of
the next with the expenditures of the Govern-
ment daring the four „years immediately pre-
ceding the war, we shall arrive at the relative
cost of Democratic and Republican adminis-
trations in time of peace. -The public expend-
itures of each of the four years of President
Buchanan's administration were as follows,
namely:
For tho fiscal year ending Jane 30,1858:
Total expenditures, except interest ..,,$72,291*119 .70
Interest on the publio debt   -  1,652,774 23
Total expenditures $73,943,893 93
For tlie fiscal year ending Juno 30,1S59:
Total expenditures, except interest $68,327*405 72
Interest ou the public dobt~  2,637,C$4 39
Tutal expenditures,.   „.....$G8,9G5,070 11
For the fiscal year ending Juno 30,1860:
Total expenditures, except interest $60,010,112 oS
Interest on tho public debt  3,144,620 J4
Total expenditures $t>3,154,733 52
For the fisonl year ending Juno 30,1861:
total expenditures, except interest $62,537,171 62
Interest on the public debt  4,034.io7 30
. Total expenditures..... $66,571,323 92
Average annual cost of carrying on the Gov-
ernment during the four years of President
Buchanan's administration, $68,159,756.
I shall skip over the period of the four years
of the war during which the average annual
expenditures of Mr. Lincoln's administration
were $1,165,592,164 22, and during which a
debt of nearly $3,000,000,000 was created, and
come down at once to the years which have
elapsed since the return of peace. The public
expenditures of the Government for each of
the three years of peace since the suppression
of the rebellion have been as follows:
For the fiscal year ending June 30,1866:
Tutal expenditures except interest ^§7.633,198 i?
Interest on the public debt  133,05(,741 6J
Total expenditures $520,740,910 4S
For tho fiscal year ending J une 30,1867:
Total expenditures, except interest $202,917,537 42
Interest on the public debt    143, iol,&yl -1
Total expenditures $346,729,129 S3
For the fiscal year ending June 30, 1868.
we have as yet the official statements for but
three quarters. I shall therefore take for the
fourth quarter the estimate of the chairman of
the House Committee of Ways and Means,
[Mr. SCHEXCK.] And as his speech upon the
tax bill contains a tabular statement ot the
expenditures for the fiscal year ending Jniie
80, 1868. I shall tske it entire from the Oon-
grebs'wual Globe precisely as it came from
