624
mR CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
are to stop contraction; that we are to go no
further in that direction, and that we are to go
in the other direction. Now, sir, I should be
willing to stop where we are for the present,
but 1 think it ought to go out from Congress
that we are not to enter on the wild scheme of
expansion. Some persons hate already gone
so far as to advise the people to get into debt
all they can; to beg, borrow, or steal all they
can get into their hands; that we are to have
an era of greenbacks, an expansion and in-
crease of prices, and everybody i9 to get rich.
Only the wildest class of speculators is to gain
anything by such ideas going oat to the coun-
try. If we are to stop where we are let us dis-
tinctly announce that we are to stop there.
Mr. HENDERSON. Will the Senator per-
mit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. HENDERSON. If Congress to-day
were to provide that individuals holding bonds
of the United States drawing six per cent, gold
interest might go to the '.treasury and take
United States notes in lien thereof bearing no
interest at all and circulate them, I should like
to ask the Senator what harm would be done
to the country at large? I would not demand
that anybody should do so ; I would not abso-
lutely require him by law to do so; but. if our-
rency is so mnch needed in any particular sec-
tion of the country as to induce a man holding
a bond of the United States to go and deliver
it to the Treasury and receive greenbacks, if
you please, bearing no interest, and then go to
the section of the country where currency was
needed and put it in circulation, what harm
would be done to the country ? The Senator
can very well stand where he does, the banks
in his State holding $56,000,000 of the national
bank currency and compelling the people of
my State to pay him for a surrender of it ten
per cent. He can well say that his people
are very easy, indeed, and they can get along j
without any expansion. At the city of New j
Orleans it is necessary to issue $4,000,000 of i
city scrip in order to furnish a circulating
medium of any character whatever, and not one
dollar for national bank purposes can be pro-
cured of the Comptroller of the Currency.
Why? Because it is all taken up, and it is
atterly impossible to expand, no matter what
may be the" demands in any particular section
of the country. Money in my State may be
worth twenty-five per cent, per annum, and
yet we are told, "you shall not expand, even
though an individual is willing to surrender a
bond drawing six per cent, and take currency
in its stead, and run the risk." I should like
to have these questions answered.
Mr. WILSON. It seems to me the Senator
manifests -some feeling in regard to the large
amount—>-
Mr. HENDERSON". No 5 no feeling on
that subject whatever; but I do express a feel-
ing on the subject of this eternal clamor that
the greenback circulation under no circum-
stances, even where a man wants to surrender
bonds in order to obtain circulation, shall be
permitted to expand. I hold that the Senate
is not qualified from its very organization to
determine how much currency the business of
the people of this country demands.
Mr. WILSON. I think it is the height of
absurdity for the Congress of the United States
to be fixing the amount of circulation in the
country. That should be regulated by the -de-
mands of trade. I should like to see a free
banking system, by which we can have banks
in any part of the country, under proper guards
and regulations.
Mr. HENDERSON. What objection has
tie Senator, if I have a five-twenty bond, to my
taking it to the Treasury and receiving green-
backs for it? I should like to be answered that
also. Then the Government pays no interest
npon it.
Mr. WILSON. Sir, I do not think we ought
to enter upon the policy of extending the
amount of the greenbacks. Let us have a free
banking system, baaed upon the national credit,
that (hall farauh the currency—a system by
which we may in two or three years return to
specie payments.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then let me ask the
Senator had we better not let this amendment
pass by until we adopt something on the sub-
ject of the national banks so as to permit free
banking? .
Mr. WILSON. Sir, the Secretary of the
Treasury tells us that he does not propose to
go one step further in contraction; and we all
understand that contraction is not to be con-
tinued at present. We are to enter on the
work of settling our financial difficulties. The
Senator from Missouri, as I understand, is pre-
paring a bill that has already attracted a great
deal of attention in Congress and out of Con-
f*ess, and the Chairman of the Committee on
inance has already introduced a bill. We are
to enter on a system of rigid economy ; we are
to reduce our expenditures ; we are to enter
on a new system concerning our national debt,
and we are to extend our banking system so as
to do away with' this clamor against that por-
tion of the country that had banks and were
patriotic enough in time of war to sacrifice
their State interests for the benefit of the Fed-
eral Government. The time has passed by
when those States or the bank managers should
be reproached for theft action during the war
which history will pronounce patriotic and
liberal.
This bill, after all, is little more than the
expression of an opinion. Yon do not expect
your Treasury Department to contract one
dollar further. Then why pass this measure?
To assure the country that the contraction
policy is to cease for the present. That ia all
you propose to do. It is simply the enactment
of an opinion of the Congress of the United
States to reassure the business men of the
country. Then if you are to assure the busi-
ness men that there is to be no contraction,
why may you not assure them that there is to
be no expansion until Congress legislates oth-
erwise ? That is all there is in the amendment.
You have put this measure in such a form be-
fore the country that the inference will be, if
we vole down the amendment of the Senator
from New York, that we are to enter upon a
career of unlimited expansion, and the effect
of it on the business interests of the country
will be most disastrous. The Senate know
that no harm can come by putting this propo-
sition in the bill. Then why not put it there,
and let the nation understand that the Con-
gress of the U nited States have resolved against
further contraction and have declared against
further expansion; that we intend to enter on
a system of reduction of the expenditures of
the Government and of taxation, of bringing
down our expenditures and our taxation to
the lowest point; that We intend to legislate to
reduce the rate of interest on our bonded debt
or to provide that the debt shall be taxed. I
do not hesitate to gay that I am in favor of
putting our debt in a form to be taxed.
Mr. STEWART. Does the Senator mean
to be understood that he would have the public
debt taxed by the States?
Mr. WILSON. I am in favor of its taxation
in some form.
Mr. STEWART. How?
Mr. WILSON. By local taxation, if we have
the power to do it and can do so with safety to
the national credit; but I am in favor of its
taxation in some form. I do not know a bond-
holder in Massachusetts who is not in favor of
taxing the bonds; and it is just in itself to tax
them in some form. The country will not be
content to allow more than $2,000,000,000 to
pay nothing when other property is so heavily
burdened by taxation.
The Senator from Missouri referred to the
$56,000,000 of banking capital in the State of
Massachusetts. Sir, we had a banking cap-
ital of nearly sixty million dollars when the
war broke out, and the men who managed the
banks manifested as much patriotism as the
men who shouldered their muskets. No body
of men in the history of the world ever evinced
more liberality or more patriotism than was
shown by the managers of the State banks in
1861. When it was demanded that the bunks
in Massachusetts, that paid an anuual tux of
nearly six hundred thousand dollars into the
State Treasury, should cease to be State banks
and should become national banks for the
benefit of the Federal Government, the repre-
sentatives of Massachusetts here voted for it,
and the people of the State consented to it,
although it was against their own local inter-
est. When you asked the banks of New York,
holding New York stocks—a well-secured sys-
tem—to give up all for the benefit of the Gen-
eral Government, they did it. Why, then,
reproach them? I am in favor of allowing the
people of every part of the country to have
banks ; I do not want anything exclusive ; but
I think the time should never come when any-
body in Congress should utter one word of
reproach against the State banks our policy
forced to become national banks, or against the
men in Congress who supported that policy.
They regarded it as a sacrifice at the time.
Certainly it was a sacrifice to the tax payers
of the eastern section of the country, and
their Representatives here so regarded it when
they voted for it. It was an act of liberality
and patriotism that deserves commendation
rather than censure.
Mr. President, we hear a great deal said now
in denunciation of the bond-holders. We did
not hear anything of that character in 1862,
1863, 1804, and 1865, when we wanted their
money to fight the battles of the country and
save the life of the nation. There is a deal
of demagogism about bond-holders now that
is a disgrace to human nature.
Mr. CONNESS. Will my friend permit me
one instant?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. I understood the honor-
able Senator to say that he was in favor of
taxing all the bonds of the United States. A
Senator behind him says he would not go into
that now. I hope that Senator will leave the
matter between the honorable Senator who has
permitted me to have the floor and myself at
this time. I understand the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts to denounce the demagog-
ery that exists in the country now on this sub-
ject, in which I heartily agree with him. I
understood him also to say that he was in favor
of taxing all the bonded debt of the United
States or subjecting it to taxation. The Sen-
ator knows that when this nation wanted to
borrow money it could only borrow it and did
borrow it upon the solemn pledge that the
bonds to be given by the Government should
be exempted from taxation. Do I understand
the honorable Senator to say that he is willing
to go back upon that pledge and join this base,
Democratic, demagogical cry in this country,
that all bonds shall be taxed; I cannotbelieve
that that is the honorable Senator's position;
and I have risen to ask him whether it is or
not. It appears to me that he must, with every
honorable mind, be willing to maintain the
pledges that this country made in the days of
its need to the persons from whom it borrowed
money.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator
that I deem the pledges of the Government
made to the bond-holders, to those who loaned
them the money 
Mr. CONNESS. The bond-holders, let me
say to the honorable Senator 
Mr. WILSON. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to reply to the questions he has
already put? This is no new question to me.
I have thoroughly refiected upon it and have
consulted many gentlemen whose opinions are
entitled to consideration in regard to it. I
hold that our obligations to those who loaned
us money in the war are as sacred as are our
obligations to the wounded soldiers, their
wives and children; and I would violate the
one as soon as I would violate the other. I
have nothing but loathing and abhorrence for
this wild, wicked, and disloyal outcry against
the men who loaned money to the Government
in the dark and trying hours of the war when
