THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
The biJl was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and it was read the third time.
Mr. DAVIS. I believe, standing solitary
and alone. I shall call 1'or the yeas and nays on
the passage of this bill. I beg pardon ; [ see
one friend in his seat, [Mr. Vickers.] I
frankly admit that I generally have to relv
upon the courtesy and .magnanimity of our
opponents in this Chamber to sustain me in
calling for the yeas and nays. I ought to call
for the yeas and nays upon the passage of this
bill; but the men who profess to act with me are
not here to enable me to secure the yeas and
nays, or to vote and put themselves properly
upon the record. That is not my fault. I shall
stand up here, or endeavor to. stand here, in
opposition to all such measures.
Mr. HOWARD. We are very anxious to
lave the yeas and nays on this side of the
Chamber for the purpose of enabling the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky to put himself
on the record.
Several Senators. Let us have the yeas
and nays.
Mr. CONNESS. I only desire to say that
I am very much astonished at my friend from
Kentucky who has belabored us so much from
time to time for passing these Freedmen's
Bureau bills, that now, wh n we have a bill
before us providing for its abolishment and
discontinuance, he abuses that bill with might
and miiiii.
Mr. DAVIS. You do not dispose of it quite
bo soon as I would wish. To be sure 1 wish
the gentlemen many years of life: I do not
want them to die naturally; but 1 do not care
how soon this concern dies officially.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On the
passage of the bill the yeas and nays aie
demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 3-1, nays 3 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell. Chandler, Cole,
Conklmir, Conner, Ccigin, Dr ike, Edmunds, J?crry,
Ilarlan, Howard. McDonald, Morrill of Maine, j\Ior-
rill of Vermont, Morton, Nye. Osborn, Patterson
ot jNew Hampshire, Pomerny, Bamsey. Boss, Sher-
rna.ii, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Xrumbull, Van
tinkle, Wade, Welch, "Willey, Williams, Wilson,
and Yates—34.
NAYS—-Messrs. Davis, McCrcery, and Tickers—3.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard. Bnekalew. Cameron,
Corbett, Dixon. Dooliftle, Fessendon. Fowler, Fre-
linghuysen. Grimes. Henderson, Hendricks, ilowe,
Alotgan, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, 11 ice,
Saulsbury, Sprague. and Sumner—20.
So the bill was passed.
dismissed army officers.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (II. R.
No. ^01) declaratory of the law in regard to
officers cashiered or dismissed from the Army
by the sentence of a general court-martial.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment,, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
public road through a reservation.
Mr. WILSON. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the bill (S.
No. 1G) donating a portion of the Fort Leav-
enworth military reservation for the exclusive
use of a public road.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It provides that a strip of
land one hundred feet, in width along the south-
ern boundary of the Fort Leavenworth military
reservation, in the State of Kansas, extending
from the Missouri river to the western bound-
ary thereof shall be set apart for the perpetual
and exclusive use of a public road.
The Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia reported the bill with an amendment,
to add to it the following words:
And the said road shall be and remain a public
"highway for the use of tho Government of the United
Sr,ates, free from tolls or other charges upon the
transportation ot any property, troops, or mailw of
the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to fhs Senate, as
amended, and the amendment wasconcurred in.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to inquire
of the chairman who reported the bill, whether
this is to be a road built by private parties.
I understand that this is agrantof laud for the
purposes of acommouroad, with the guarantee
that the Government shall not be charged for
its use. What is the condition of the com-
pany or persons who are to undertake to make
the road ? Are they to get a gift of this land,
and then private persons to be charged for its
use?
Mr. WILSON. I will, in reply, call on the
Senator from Kansas, [Mr. Ross,] who intro-
duced the bill, and who knows all about the
facts of the cage, and cau state them with
more precision than I can.
Mr. CONNESS. I will state to the Senator
from Kansas what my inquiry was. The bill
proposes to make a gift of land for the purpose
of establishing a public road to be established
for that purpose, and forever securing the free
use of it to the Government. ] inquire by
whom the road is to be established and built,
and whether private persons are to be charged
tolls, or under what condition it is to be used?
Mr. ROSS. The design is what the bill
expresses—a public road for the purposes of
the Government as well as of citizens. It is
upon land owned by the Government, and is
to be free.
Mr. CONNESS. That is all I desire to
know.
Mr. ROSS. The company make the road
running through the reservation.
The bill was ordered t.o be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, aud
passed.
message from the house.
A message from the Ilouse of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiersok, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolutions, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 1227) to provide for the dis-
tribution of the reward offered by the President
of the United States for the capture of Jeffer-
son Davis;
A bill (II. R. No. 1320) for the relief of L.
Merchant & Co., and Peter Rosecrantz;
A bill (H. It. No. 1311) making appropria-
tions and to supply deliciencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 00, 18G8, and for
other purposes;
A bill (II. R. No. 1300) for the relief of
Captain A. G. Olivar;
A bill (II. R. No. 1370) to fix the time for
holding the terms of the United States district
court in Virginia:
A bill (II. 11. No. 1378) to declare the mean-
ing of the several acts in relation to retired
officers of the Army ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 288) amenda-
tory of joint resolution for the relief of cer-
tain officers of the Army, approved July 20,
18GG;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 310) to extend
the provisions of the act of July 4, 1SG4,
limitingthe jurisdiction of the Court of Claims
to the loyal citizens of the State of Arkansas;
and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 331) to grant
an American register to Hawaiian brig Victoria
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 355) authorizing
the construction of a bridge across the Mis-
souri river, upon the military reservation at
Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, with an amend-
ment, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House insisted upon its disagreement to the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. It.
No. 344) to incorporate the Washington Tar-
get-Shooting Association, in the District of
Columbia, agreed to the conference asked by
the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. J. D,
Baldwin of Massachusetts, Mr. M. Welkep. ©f
Ohio, and Mr. A. J. Glossbrennbb of Penn-
sylvania, managers at the same on its part.
edward b. allen.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to take up
House bill No. 1080, for the relief of Edward
B. Allen.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It is a direction to the Pay-
master General of the Army to pay to Edward
B. Allen, of the State of Indiana, out of any
money appropriated for the pay of the Army,
the full amount of the pay and emoluments of
a captain of infantry from the 18th day of
August to the 1st day ol November, 1862.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will make a brief
statement for about a minute about this case,
and then if the Senator from California, [Mr.
Cole,] who reported adversely upon it, desires
its recommittal, I shall have no objection. The
facts that I state I believe are known person-
ally to my colleague, who was the Governor
of the State at the time.
Captain Allen was elected captain of his
company and went into the service; but
he was not commissioned, and therefore did
not receive his pay as a commissioned officer.
Perhaps he did not desire to take his com-
mission, because at the time he was holding
a lucrative county office, the office of county
auditor, and it was supposed if he did not
take the commission and went iuto the war
and discharged the duties, the county office
would not be disturbed; but the supreme
court of the State decided that the taking of
the command without a commission took away
his county office. That is a fact which was
not known to the committee at the time they
made their report.
If upon this statement of the facts, the com-
mittee desires the recommittal of the bill, I
have no objection to it; but it seems to m ,
as the bill is so inconsiderable, it might as well
be passed. The other Rouse passed it, know-
ing these facts which were not communicated
to the committee of this body. It is simply
to give him the pay of the command that he
actually had. He went into the field and com-
manded a company, and was an able officer.
His pay was not allowed him at the Depart-
ment because he had no commission, and he
had not a commission because he held a eonnty
office, which county office, worth three or four
thousand dollars a year, he lost because he took
the command.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask the Senator if he
drew the pay for the county office during any
part of the time for which this bill is reported?
Mr. IlENDIUCKS. No; the litigation
came up, and it went to the supreme court,
and the supreme court decided that he was
not entitled.
Mr. HARLAN. For any part of it?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose not. The
exact details I cannot give. The supreme
court decided that the taking of the command
lost him his county office.
Mr. COLE. The committee to whom this
bill was referred had less objection to paying
this very small amount claimed by Mr. Allen
for his proper services than to establishing a
precedent. But as stated by the Senator from
Indiana, it was not at the time known to the
committee that the party was deprived of the
civil office that he was occupying. That did
not appear in the papers referred to the com-
mittee, and the report of the committee was
based upon the presumption, among others,
that he was at the time occupying a civil office
and receiving compensation for that. I will
not insist upon a reference of the ease to the
committee.
Mr. MORTON. I had personal knowledge
of this transaction atthetime ittook place. It
was some time ago, I take it my colleague
has stated the facts correctly. Mr. Allen did
not receive actually a captain's commission nt
the time with a view of holding oa to aud
receiving the emolument! of the office of
