1668.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
eountyanditor; but the supreme court decided
that accepting the command was equivalent to
receiving a commission. He therefore lost the
office of county auditor, and having no com-
mission he got 110 pay tor his services in the
Army. 1 think he ought to be paid.
't he bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment,, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
COMPANY r, EIGHTEENTH INFANTRY.
Mr. THAYER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (II. JR.
No. 281) authorizing the issue of clothing to
company P, eighteenth regiment United States
infantry, to report it back without amendment
and recommend iis passage ; and I ask for its
present consideration. It is a resolution of
but a few lines, and will occupy only the time
required in reading it.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution, it is an authority
to ille Secretary of War to issue to the thirty-
three enlisted men of company F, eighteenth
regiment United States infantry, clothing in
lieu of and equal in amount to that lost by
them in crossing the North Platte river, in
June, 1866, as shown and recommended in
the report of the board of survey convened
under Special Orders No. 3, headquarters post
Fort Bridger, Utah, of date of January 21,
1S67.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to sub-
mit a report from the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the legislative, executive, and judicial appro-
priation bill, which 1 send to the desk to be
read.
The Chief Clerk read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (U. 11. No. 60o) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1869. having met. alter full and free coherence
have agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to
their respective House, as follows:
Tli at the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to tlie amendments ot theSenate
numbered 2, 3, 12, 18, 19,32, 37, 3sl, 42, 43, 45, 46, 47. 48,
19, S2, 54. 55, 5fi. 57. 58.59, 61.62.05, 70, 71, 72, 73. 74, 75,
82. 83. 85. 87, 83. 90, 91, 93, 94, 95, 97, 99. 103, 104. 105,
106,107, 108.109,110,115. 116,117,118,119.120,121,130,
131.132. 133, 131.143.145. 149, 150, 151. 152,153, 154, 155,
156,157, 158, 159, 160, 161. 162,163,161, 165.168,160,170,
171,172.173. 174,175, 176,177, 178,179,180,181. 182.183,
181,104, 199, 200, 201, 202, 205, 20U, 207, 208, 209, 2lU. 211,
212, 213. 214 215, 210. 217, 318,219,220, 221, 223, and227,
and a<rree to tile same.
That the Senate recede from tln*i•• amendments
nu tn be red 15. 38, 30. 63, 69, 76, 77, 84, 86, 88, 92, 921.06.
96 98,101. 101 t, 122, 123, 124, 125. 126,127,13o, 136, ICo,
167, 185, 186,187,197, 198, 204, and 2 6.
That the lloui-e recede limn their disagreement to
tlie eleventh amendment of the S n&te, and agree to
the same with an amendment as follows: at the end
of s.iid Senate amendment add the following: "Pro-
vided, That after the 30th June. 1869, members ot
the Capilol police shall furnish at their own ex-
pense, eacli lus own uniform, which sliall beiu exact
[■onformHy to regulation, a.nd all provisions of law
requiring an appropriation for such uniform are
heivi.y repealed." .
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fourteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: strike
out of said amendment the word "five" and insert
ill lieu thereof the word "eight;" and the Senate
agree to the same. , ,
Tu it the House recede from their disagreement to
the thirtieth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with amendments, as follows: strike out all
of-aid amendment and insert in lieu thereof the
following: "For compensation to the Private Secrc-
taiy, assistant secretary, who shall be a short-hand
writer, two eletks of class four, steward.and mes-
*<wi ot the President of the United States,$12,500:
provided, That so much of the fourth &ection ot the
act of Ju;y 23. 1866. making appropriationi for legis-
lative. executive, and judicial cx'^n'io^ ^lcV_ov"
eminent for the yearendiug June .>0.1867, asauthor-
\% 'S 'he President of tho United States to appoint a
eieik of pardons, and one cleik of the fourth class,
is hereby repealed:" and tho Senate agree to the
saino as so modified." _ , . , .
That tho House recedc from their disagreement to
the forty-first amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: at the
end of said amendment add the following words:
"Provided, That the office of examiner of claims
shall be abolished on tho 3Q:h day of June. 1809;"
and the Semite agree to the sunie as so modified.
That the House recede from theirdisagrecment to
thefifiy-Uiird amendment ct theSenate, and agree to
the same with the following amendment?: strikeout
of said amendment the following words: "And lor
temporary clerks $9,000;" and in line two of said
amend wen tstrike out tho words "fifty-two thousand
seven hundred " and insert in lieu thereof the words
"l'orty-thrce thousand seven hundred and. forty;"
and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
thesxtieth amendment of the Senate, audaeree to
the same with an amendment, as follows: strike out
of said amendment the word *' three'* and insert in
lieu thereof the word "two;"andthe Senateagreeto
the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the bixty-thiid amendment of theSeuate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: strike
out ot said amendment the words "forty-two thousand
and seven hundicd" and insert in lieu thereof the
words "lorty thousand nine hundred and twenty;"
and theSenate agree to the same.,
Tiut the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixty-fourth amendmentofthoSenate.and agree
tot.hosume with an amendment, as iollows: strike
out of said amendment the word" four "and insert in
lieu theieot the word " three ;"aud the Senate agree
to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixty-sixth amendment ot the Senate, and agree
to tho same with amendments, as follows; smkoout
of said amendment tho word "nine" and insert in
lieu thereof the word "seven and on page 14, hue
nine of the bill, strike out the word "three" and
insert in lieu the word "five;" and the Senate agree
to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventy-eighth amendme.it of the Senate, and
agree to the same with amendments, aslollows: striko
out of said amendment the words "one hundred"
and inseit in lieu thereof tho woid "filly;" and on
paee 17 of the bill, after the word "dollars," inline
twenty-three, add I he following words J " and it shall
bo the duty of the Seeretaiy to la> before tho House
of Representatives annually with his report of re-
ceipts and expenditures a statement in detail of the
disbursements made from the same hereby appropri-
ated;" and theSenate agree to the same.
That the Senate agree to tho amendment of the
House to the seventy-ninth amendment of the
Senate.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eightieth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to th< same with the following amendment: in line
two of said amendment strike out the following
words, "wnd fitly."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and second amendment of the Sen-
ate, and agree to the hiuiio with amendments, as
fo'lows: in line one ot said amendment strike o.ut
the word "four." and inseit in lieu thereof the word
"seven," and strike out of said amendment the
words "six thousand four" and insert in lieu thereof
the words "eleven thousand two."
That the House recede trom their disagreement to
the one hundred and eleventh amendment ut tho
Senate, and agree to tho same with ju amendment,
as follows: strike out of said amendment the woid
"nineteen," and insert in lieu thereof tho word
" twelve;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That tho House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred, and tweltih auiendmentof tho Sen-
ate, and a«ree to the same with an amendment, as
follows; strike, out of said amendment the word
" thirty and insert m lieu thereof " nineteen;" and
on page 23of t^e bill, line tweuty-seven, alter the
woid "thousand" .strike out the wo: d "four" and
insert in lieu thereof the word " two ;" and the ben-
ate agiee to the Fame. , .
That the Ilour-e recede from their disagreement to
tho one hundred and thirteenth amendment ot tne
Senate, and agree to the same with the following
amendment: ssrike outol saidamendment theworus
"fiftv-iwo" and ins-rt in lieu theieof the word
"thirty;" and fho Senate Agree tothosame.
That the House rceede fiom their disagreement to
the one hundred and fourteenth amendment ot tho
Senate, and agree to thesamewith an amendments
follows: strike out of said amendment the words
"fif'y-eight" and inseit in lieu thereof ttie worus
"iarfy-two;" and the .Senate agree to thesame.
That the House recede fmra thei** disagreement to
the one hundred and twenty-eighth amendment of
the Senate, and ngree to 1 hesamewirhau amendment
as follow? : strike out of said amendment the words
"twenty-five" and insert in lieu thereof the woid
"fifteen and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
theonehundred and twenty-ninth amendmentot the
Senate, and agree to the same with an amendment,
as follows: Stakeout of said amendment the word
"thirty," and insert in lieu thereof the word eight-
een." and theSenate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and thirty-seventh amendment ol
theSenate, and agree to the same with amendments,
as4'ol!ows: on page 2Gof the bill, lmcthree, ntrerthe
word "for" insert the following woids: "Cnie« Cleik
$2,000;" and also strike out the word "'our in said
amendment and insert in lieu thereof the woid
"three." .
That the House recedefrom their disagreement to
the one hundred and thirty-eighth amendment of
the Senate, and agree to the same with an amend-
ment, as follows: strikeout "seven thousand two
and insert in lieu thereof "five thousand four:" and
in Una four of the bill, on page 26, strike out theTford
" one" where it first occur? and ineertin lieu thereof
the word '* two;" and in the same line strike out. the
word " one " whereitoceurs the second time, and in
lieu thereof inseit the word "three;" and in the
same line strike out the word "six" and in lieu
thereof insert the word " two."
That the House rccede from their disagreement to
tho one hundred and tbirty-ninthamendmentof the
Senate, and agree to the same with an amendment,
as follows: stiike out "eight" and insert in lieu
thereof the word "six."
That the House recede from their disagreemen t to
the one hundred and fortieth ainendmentof theSen-
ate, and aa-ree tothesame with the toilowing amend-
ment: strike out "eleven thousand two" and insert
in lieu thereof " eight thousand four."
That tho House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and forty-first amendment of tho
Senate, and agree to the same with an amendment,
ns follows: strike out "twenty" and insert in lieu
thereof " ten."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundicd and forty-second amendmcntof tho
Sen ite. and agree to the same with an amendment,
as follows: striko out "twenty-four" and insert in
lieu thereof "twelve;" and the Senate agree to the
same. .
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho one hundred and forty-sixth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with amendments, as
follows; in lines two and three of said amendment
strike out the words " three thousand five hundred"
I and insert m lieu thereof the words " two thousand
I "-ix hundred and sixty-three;" and at the end of
.-aidamendment,addthofollowmg: "Provided, That
I this office shall ccase on the 4th dayof March, 18o9,
and no funher appropriation for its continuance
1 shall he made until said office shall have been estab-
j lished by law;" and the Senate agree to the same as
so modified.
Tnat the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and forty-eighth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with amendments, as
follows: in line one of said amendment strikeout the
word "four" and insert in lieu thereof the word
"three;" and in line two of said amendment strike
out tho woid "tour" and inseitin lieu thereof the
word " three," and in tho same line strike out the
word "eight" and iusert in lieu thereof the word
"six."
That, the House recede from their disagreement to
the ono hundred and ninety-third amendmentof tho
Senate, and agree to tho same with an amendment,
aslollows: at the end of said amendment add tho
following: " Provided. That from and after tueBGtH
day of J une. 1869, tho Department of Education shall
cease, and there shall bo established and attached
to the Department of the Interior an office to be de-
nominated the « fficc of education, the chief officer
of which shall be the Commissioner of Education, at
a salary oi $3,000 per annum, who shall, under tho
direction of tho Seetetavy ot the Interior, discharge
all such duties, and superintend, execute, and per-
form all such acts itnd things touching and re&peet-
iutr the said office ot education as are devolved by
law upon said Commissioner of Education; * and tho
;j Senate agree to thesarm-.
I That the House rccede from their disagreement to
i: the one hundred and ninety-four and a half siuiend-
i men lof the Senate, and agree to the same with amend-
!' ments, as toilows: in lieu of said Senate amendment
;' in&ei t the words "four hundred;" and the Senate agree
to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
i1 the one hundred and ninety-fifth amendment ot" the
'! Senate, and agree to the same with the following
!i amendments: in lino two of said amendment strike
l! out the word "eight "and insert in lieu thereof the
il word "seven;" and in line six ot said amendment
if strike out (he words "twenty-five hundred and
iusert m iieu theieof "two thousand; and inline
six of said amendment strike out the words ' two
thousand " and insert in lieu ihcreot "eighteen hun-
dred;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House reccde from their disagreement to
the onehundnd and ninety-sixth amendment ol the
Senate, and agree to the same with an amendment,
as toilows: strike out of said amendment the words
"ninety-one" and insert in lieu thereof tho words
"severity-five;" and the Senate agree to tho same.
It That thcHousc reccde from their disagreement to
[■ the two hundred and third amendmentot ih« Senate,
!> and agree to the same with an amondnn nt, iol-
<! lows: strike nntof said amendment the words filty-
! peven " and insert in lieu thereof the word "ten;"
i' and the Senate agree to the same.
'i That the House recede from their amendment to
;j the two hundred and twenty-fifth amendment of the
:! Senate, and the Senate recede from said amendment
il and agree to the following as a iubsLitute ior both
It amendments:
'| Sec.—. And b?it further evicted, That all adver-
i' tisements, notices, pi oposals for contracts, executive
'i proclamations, treaties, and laws to be published m
'! tho District of Columbia, Maryland, and \irgima,
il shall be published in the papers now selected under
'! the provisions of section ten ot an act approved
I; March 2. 18^7. entitled "An act making^approj.ria-
tions for sundiv civil expenses of the Wovejnmeat
■ 1 for the year ending J"une 30.1868, and fin- other pur-
j1 poses,"and shall .ilso be published in the paper sej
1' lceted uu'ler the provisions of the second section ot
!' this act: Provided, That no advertisement Irmn any
i1 State, District, or Territory other than the District
i! of Columbia. Maryland, and Virginia shnli be pnb-
|! lished in the papers designated, unlebs at the dnoc-
tion first made of the pioper head of a Depart-
!' mxhat the Senate reoede from their disagreement to
