1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2933
of change of residence, of death, of many other
causes? I have no doubt that the number
who could vote in the election in Alabama was
far less thau one hundred arid forty thousand.
Indeed, the evidence before us shows that the
number of voters was far less than one hun
dred aud forty thousand. Seventy thousand,
notwithstanding all the difficulties, all the im-
pediments, all the obstructions, all the force
and fraud, voted for the constitution in Ala-
bama ; and I say, in proportion to the actual
number of votes and the legal votes t.hat could
have been cast in the election, on that day, it
was more than in any of these other States.
Now, let us look a little further. I will take
the State of Virginia.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The State of Virginia
has not voted on the constitution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that; but I wish to
compare the vote. The total registered vote
in the StaLe of Virginia wag. 225,933. There
were voting for the convention only 107,342.
Only forty per cent, of the registered vote in
Virginia was cast for the convention, while
over sixty per cent, in Alabama was cast for
the convention ; and more thau one half of
those who could legally vote on the day of
election voted for the constitution.
Take the case of North Carolina, where the
vote for the constitution, it is true, was 92,590,
and where the aggregate registered vote was
179,653. That is about fifty-five per cent. It
is less than the proportion voting for the con-
• vention in Alabama, and more than the pro-
portion voting on the constitution. But Sen-
ators must remember that when the voting
occurred in North Carolina the law had been
changed ; people could vote where they lived ;
they had convenient voting booths ; every man
who was registered' could vote in any part of
the State wherever he was without regard to his
place of registry; andyet I sa.y, considering that
circumstance alone, taking even North Caro-
lina, where there was a greater and fuller expres-
sion of opinion than in any other of these Slates,
the proportion is in favor of Alabam-a, because
out of a total aggregate of one hundred and
eighty thousand who could vote anywhere in
the State of North Carolina only ninety-two
thousand voted, while in Alabama, where not
more than one hundred and thirty or one hun-
dred and forty thousand could by possibility
vote under the existing law, seventy thousand
were found in the dead of winter, in February,
under all the difficulties that surrounded them,
to go to the election and cast their votes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do I understand the
Senator to say that only ninety thousand voted
in North Carolina?
Mr. SHERMAN. For the constitution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But a great many voted
against it-
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that. The rebels
in North Carolina, when the election came on,
voted bccausc we had changed the law ; but
now you want to enforce a law which you your-
selves abandoned, a law that you yourselves
confessed to be wrong, although you try yet to
find reasons why you should not condemn it in
yonr own mind, a law which we were com-
pelled by public opinion and by our own judg-
ment to abandon—you want to enforce that
against the first and most eager of these States,
that which was determined first to embracc the
provisions of your law, that which did more to
execute your law than any other, that which this
day is as loyal as any State in the South, and
perhaps more so. You have abandoned this
stipulation aud limitation as to all the other
States. You have enabled their people, where
ever ihey were in the State, without regard to
the place of registry, to vote ; you have enabled
them to vote at a convenient season when t.hey
couldgo to the election polls ; you have enabled
them to vote under the most favorable circum-
stances ; but you propose to enforce this hard
restriction against that people who were most
eager to accept your conditions. I say it is not
right or fair.
Take-lhe next case—South Carolina. There
I confess the statement I made was not literally
true, because the aggregate registered vote
was 127,432, aud 70,758 voted for the constitu-
tion, or nearly sixty per cent. But even in
South Carolina a less proportion voted for the
constitution than had in Alabama voted for a
convention ; and when you compare the differ-
ent circumstances under which the vote was
taken in South Carolina, although the state-
ment I made was not literally true, yet it was,
considering all the circumstances, substan-
tially true.
Now, take the State of Georgia. The total
registered vote of Georgia—and here I beg the
attention of the Senator who thought Georgia
so strong a case—was 191,501. One half of
that would be ninety-six thousand votes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Nmety-five thousand
seven hundred and fifty.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, that is near enough;
nearly ninety-six thousand. There were 89,070
votes for the constitution. I repeat that that is
less in proportion than the vote cast in Alabama
—not taking the whole registered vote, remem-
ber ; but there were counties where a registered
voter could not vote, and you have to deduct
those, and I tell you the number of votes cast,
of those who could by any possibility vote in
Alabama, was forty-nine per cent, of the whole
registered vote, while in Georgia it was only
forty-six per cent. [Laughter.] Senators
may laugh and jeer at this, but they cannot
get over the facts. There were one hundred
and'eighty-nine thousand registered voters in
Georgia. The election was held there in the
most favorable season of the year, at a time
when anybody could vole in any part of the
State who had been registered accordingto law,
and yet under that favorable condition only
eighty-nine thousand voted for the constitu-
tion, or only forty-seven per cent, of the actual
number of registered votes. When you make
any fair and reasonable deduction from the
aggregate vote of Alabama for the number of
voters who could not vote in counties where
there were no elections, and make a fair and
reasonable calculation for those who could not
vote on account of a change of residence,
more persons voted for the constitution in
Alabama than in Georgia, upon the figures
presented by the Senator himself.
I have not had time to compare the case of
Louisiana with that of Alabama ; but take the
case of Arkansas, where the number of regis-
tered votes  
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not in this bill;
not before us.
Mr. SHERMAN. No ; but it was admitted
under the lead of the Senator from Illinois.
We passed a bill admitting the State of Ark-
ansas; and what kind of an election was held
there? A very dubious and doubtful one; a
bare majority of voters in favor of the consti-
tution ; and the number of persons who actually
voted for the constitution, if I am correct,
were only two sevenths of the registered voters.
I have not got the figures before me, because
I have not had time to send for them, but that,
if I lemember aright, is correct.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Five sevenths altogether
voted; about two and one hall sevenths voted
for the constitution.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator raises it a
notch—two and one half sevenths voted for the
constitution.
" Mr. WILSON. Thirty-eight per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. Thirty-eight per cent, of
the registered votes, and yet we admitted them,
although it was just an even scale whether a
majority voted for or against the constitution ;
and yet now we propose to exclude, on a tech-
nicality which we ourselves have abandoned,
a State which cast seventy thousand votesjo<-
the constitution and only fit teen hundred ag:iinst
it—a majority of over sixty-eight thousand for
the constitution out of tnose who voted, at an
election held under the most unfavorable cir-
cumstances. I say that such conduct as that
would be utterly inconsistent, as it seems to
me, with what is right and just aud fair. I do
not want to treat these ne'w* southern States in
the spirit of technicality. I want to extend to
them the welcome hand. God knows if I had
my way I would sweep away all the disabilities
that surround any portion of the people there.
The very moment they yielded universal suf-
frage we ought to have cut away all the man-
acles that, jiound any portion of the people
from participating in the elections. But taking
your laws as they stand, I say that this State
itself has done as much toward reelothing
itself as any other State, and we cannot dis-
criminate against it.
There is one argument that has been made
in this matter that I never like to hear, and.
that is, that we cannot pass this bill over the
veto because some Senators may hesitate about
voting for the bill over the veto. Sir, we ought
not to legislate in -fear of any such declaration*
I did not believe the declaration at the time
when it was intimated, and I took the pains to
ascertain, and I now say there is no ground for
it. I believe that now Alabama stands as
strong before this body as any other of these
States, and a little more so. But if Senators
will vote on this amendment according to their
conscientious convictions of duty we can safely
leave to other Senators who will haggle about
Alabama to vote according to their sense of
duty on this or the other votes. I have no
doubt they will do as they think right in regard
to all these votes; but I never could vote to
except Alabama from this bill without doing
violence to my conscience.
The Senator from Illinois seems to think we
are lugging Alabama into this debate ; that
we are moving to put Alabama into this bill.
Sir, Alabama is in the bill now. You are pro-
posing to strike it out. It is true you do it in
the form of a substitute by striking out the
whole bill, Alabama, and all the rest, and
putting in a substitute which has not Alabama
in it. Now, we propose to amend your substi-
tute so as to make it in harmony in that respect
with the original bill. I say to the Senator
from Illinois that if in this way, by a wholesale
substitute, he strikes out Alabama from this
bill, I will, as one member at least of the Sen-
ate, move to amend the House bill by adopting
some of the wise provisions reported by the
Committee on the Judiciaiy and leaving Ala-
bama in. It is they that propose to strike
Alabama out. It is they that propose to dis-
criminate againsta State that has done so much
toward reconstruction. Sir, we stand here
defending the proposition of the House—the
action of the House. We are not here seek-
ing to embarrass or defeat the bill by amend-
ing it. On the contrary, we are seeking to
prevent the defeat or embarrassment of the
bill by an amendment reported from the Judi-
ciary Committee.
Mr. President, I am sorry that I have been
led into this discussion, but I suppose there is
no help for it. 1 trust we shall have a vote.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to say one word
with regard to this subject. It will be recol-
lected that immediately after we passed the
law requiring a majority of the votes cast,
instead of a majority of the votes registered,
there was a large amount of registration im-
mediately had. It is estimated that in some
States it went as high as fifteen or twenty
thousand. The lowest estimate made for
Georgia was ten thousand. Theie has been
no official promulgation of the number; but
taking the best estimates we can get of that—
and my statement was made upon those esti-
mates—Alabama cast a larger vote in propor-
tion to the registered votes than almost any
of the other States. In the case of Alabama
they also continued to register up to about
the time the vote was taken, and those were
, all counted. They returned the registration
! up to the time of election, because then it was
material to have that return to know how
many were registered, to see if there was a
'"'Si-11' TRUMj&ULL. If the Senator from
Nevada will allow me, in my statement I took
