1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
409
40th Con«:...2d Sess.
The Public Expejidiityref, Dpy.er.
Hp. oe.Bkps,
ding the President that he will cheat the Senate,
and he must have been equally successful in
persuading the Senate that he'means to cheat
the President. Through such 9, gauntlet it is
a rare miracle by which an upright man arrives
at an office. The most artful sneak has al ways
the best chance. What wonder, then, that the
public is betrayed, and the Treasury plundered,
and the laws evaded, and the public debt un-
paid, and the people taxed in vain?
kepiibijican testimony relative to revenue laws.
I could not better enforce this view of the
virtual surrender of our public revenue to the
manipulation of thieves than by quoting from
toe Congressional Globe the report of a recent
debate in this House upon the tax bill, then
under discussion. Mr. Schexck (chairman of
the Ways and Means Committee) said:
*' I would not give a mxpence for all laws, if you
are to go on collecting tiie revenue with the Presi-
dent, Secretary of the Treasury, the Commissioner,
and the Senate all to be consulted, and in the mean
time nothing to be done except stealing—'X steal;
you steal; they steal; wo all steal 1' Such seems to
be the conjugation ot the vojb with which we are en-
gaged attbis time." * * * * * *
" Mr. Pile, (Kepublican.) I think instead nf one
fifth being in the hands of thieves that precisely the
reverse is the truth—tbatone fifth, perhaps, arehon-
cst men, and four fifths are thieves.
"Mr. Randall, (Democrat.) Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a mathematical question ?
"Mr. Pile. Yes, sir.
" Mr. Randaxl. About seven eighths are Repub-
licans; andl wish to know how many thieves belong
to the Kepublican and how many to the Democratic
party?
"Mr. Pile. I hope we shall be able to keep the
question of politics out of this bill."
national discredit.
Look now at the low estar,e to which the
national credit has been brought even at home
by the profligacy, mismanagement, and plun-
der of the party in power. Government paper-
in Russia is at twelve per cent, discount; in
Italy it is fifteen per cent, below par ; in Tur-
key it is at twenty per cent,, depreciation ; but
worse than all these, and below even the Turk
in financial reputation, a gold dollar commands
in our market a premium of forty per cent, in
the currency of our own Government.
american and british taxation compared.
Yet in the struggle to pay the current ex-
penses of our Government, and but little more
than the bare interest of our public debt, we
are the hardest taxed people on earth. There
was a time when the taxes of England were a
by-word and a scorn among our people; and
when each year the anniversary of our Dec-
laration of Independence came round the poor,
down-trodden, tax-ridden subjects of Great
Britain wore the theme of much compassionate
eloquence and self-congratulation in our Fourth
of July orations. The taxes of England con-
veniently illustrated the costly extravagance
of royal pageantry and the grinding weight of
aristocratic institutions, from which our own
roud, free, and prosperous liepublic was so
..appily exempt. Such was our country. But,
alas, time changed the picture ! How humili-
ating the contession that while the English
tax.es amount to $10 92 per capita the taxes
of the United States are sixteen dollars ptr
capita. Even underthe despotism of Napoleon
III the French are taxed but §7 97per capita.
comparative statement of ameeican and b1utish
expenditures.
Let us compare the cost of maintaining
the British Government with the expenditures
of oar own for a single year. I shall take
the year 18G7, which is the last year of whose
expenditures we have as yet a.ny full official
statement. According to the official report
of the English Chancellor of the Exchequer
the civil service of Great Britain for 1867
cost $41,098 95, while it cost in the United
States, exclusive of pensions, for the same
yea£, $51,110,027. The army of Great Britain
numbers two hundred and thirteen thousand
men, and cost in 1887 $74,383,040. In this is
included pensions, which are not embraced in
our expenditures under the head of they War
Si
Department, and is included every other item
of military expense. In the saine .year oar
own Army, 8et down at seventy thousand men,
cost (exclusive of bounties) and for ordinary ex-
penses merely, $83,841,5551 being $9,457,609
mor.e-than it cost Great Britain to maintain an
army three times as large. If we add military
bounties to our expenditures, and deduct the
pension list from theirs, which wo-uld be the
fairest way of stating the case, the difference
would be far greater, as will presently appear
from the comparative table which I §hall
present.
The English national debt, the accumulation
of centuries, is larger than ours, but its annual
cost in interest is much less.
The navy of England costs more than ours,
but it is much larger in numerical force. The
British navy, having one hundred and twenty
ships on squadron duty, and counting its coast
guard and marine force, numbers sixty-seven
thousand one hundred ^nd twenty men; ours
numbers but eleven thousand nine hundred
men.
The following comparative statement of some
of the expenditures of the United States and
Great Britain, compiled from the official reports
of both countries, will show the state of the
case, the English pound sterling being reduced
to Federal money:
United Great
States. Britain.
Interest on debt §143,781,591 81 1128.807,270
Civil service  51,110,027 27 41,098,095
War Department;
Army proper..$83,841,558 80
Pensions  20,936,551 71
Bounties  11,382,859 83
  116,100,067 M 74,383,910
Navy  31,034,011 01 53,912,513
Add Indian expenses, tor
which thero is no corre-
spondingitemin the Brit-
ish budget..,..  4,642,531 H
Total expenditures of the
United States for the
year .8346,729,129 33
Add to the other side the remaining items
of British expenditure, for which there
are no corresponding items in ours,
namely: thooousolidatedfand, the rev-
enue dep&rtjnerit, .find packet service... 3(,101,oj4
Total expenditures of Great Britain for
the year  $330,303,418
; .-.t—nr'twy
Expenditures of the United States for
Olio yea? in exce&s of the expenditures
of Great Britain for tho R=ime year. ,)0
both nations being at peace   ^11,4^.0,711 ou
From this it is seen that American repub-
licanism in the management of the Radical
party is more profligate than British royalty,
with all its courtly pomp and aristocratic
appointments, its palaces, and itsjong lists of
titled and official pensioners. Such was not
the Government of our fathers.
extravagance pervades ali. the departments.
If we analyze the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment in detail we shall find that their enor-
mous increase is not confined to any one or two
departments of the Government, but pervades
them all. Since the 30th of June, 1865, the
expenditures of the Army and Navy have
averaged over $200,000,000 for each and every
year. But the expenses of the legislative, exe-
cutive. and judicial branches of the Govern-
ment which are grouped in the accounts undei
the head of the civil list, for example, cost in
18G0, $0,077,003 35 : but in 1867 the same
civil list cost §15,585,480 55. I he whole
expenses of the Government which do notcome
under the heads of the War or Navy Depart-
ments, and do not include either pensions,
bounties, or Indians, or interest, in 1800 cost
$27,031,330 17 ; while the expenditures for
the same purposes in 1867 amounted to
$51,110,027 07.
reconstruction" at the south.
But the two greatest drains upon the public
purse are those expensive and arbitrary estab-
lishments which have been cieated for the sub-
perpetuatjpn of that, party in political power
in the country by.thfl "aid of the negro vote.
These establishments are the five'military gov-
ernments at the South 4ix<I the Freedm^n's
Bureau.
I shall not upon this occasion ' dwell upon
ths violation of public and private tights which
these institutions involve. My objectj?o_w( je to
investigate their pecuniary cost,
military governments 01? tHtf SOUTH.
Ever since the sucrender of the rebel forces
in 18G5, the southern people have ingood faith
kept the peace. Not an armed hand is there
uplifted against the laws, yet an army of soul®
sixteen thousand,five hundred men, equipped,
fed, paid, officered, and maintained at tho
national -expense, is even now distributed
throughout Virginia, North and South Caro*
Una, Georgia, Arkansas, Mississippi, Louisi-
ana, Alabama, Texas, $cd Florida, and during
three years of profound peace quartered upon
those State!?. They are there uqt to repress
insurrection, for none exists. They are there
not to uphold civil government, but to subvert
it. They are there to enforce military despot-
ism, to sustain usurpation, to guard the Freed-
men's Bureau, and to help ignorant negroes,
led by carpet-bag adventurers, to makegovern-
ments and rulers for the intelligent white peo-
ple of that unfortunate section of our country.
Every dollar spent to maintain that army is
a dollar uselessly and wickedly wasted.
detailed statement of the troops in the five
military districts of the south.
There are stationed in the five military dis-
tricts of the South, at this time, the following
troops : In the first district, comprising the
State of Virginia, there are one company otcav-
alry, four companies of artillery, and twenty-
seven companies of infantry. In the second
district, comprising the States of North and
South Carolina, there are four companies of cav-
alry, three companies of artillery, and twenty-
eight companies of infantry. In the third dis-
trict, comprising the States of Georgia, Florida,
and Alabama, there are two companies. of
cavalry, two companies of artillery, and forty-
four companies of infantry. In the fourth
district, comprising the States oi Mississippi
and Arkansas, there are two companies of
artillery and forty-two companies of infantry.
In the fifth district, comprising the States of
Louisiana and Texas, there are twelve compa-
nies of cavalry and ninet.y;two companies of
infantry. Making a total in the five districts
j of nineteen companies of cavalry, eleven com-
; panies of artillery, and t.wo hundred and thirty-
three companies of infantry.
The infantry companies have been reduced
to about sixty men each, but the cavalry and
artillery companies retain about their ordinary
complements of men. All the companies
together compose at this date a force ol about
sixteen thousand five hundred enlisted Hien.
The yearly pay, subsistence, clothing, fuel, med-
ical supplies, quarters, and transportation of
the officers and men composing this force is at
, least §10,500,000, or at the rate of $1,000 per
j man, which is not equal in proportion to the
j actual cost per man estimated from the aggre-
! gate cost of the whole Army, as appears from
; the official reports of the Secretary of W r.
! additional. exrex3es.
j| There have been since March. 1807. four dis-
!' tinet appropriations by Congress of money to
ij pay the expenses of organization .of the so-
ij called civil governments of the different States
i! under the military reconstruction sets of Con-
gress, amounting in the aggregate to $2,224,-
701 55. But these appropriations weiJ®
nearly equal to the amounts called for by the
different district commanders, and the last
appropriation was drawn from the Treasury on
the 8th of June, the very day the certified act
of Congress appropriating the money reached
