3958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
the amendment of the House to the two hundred and
twenty eighth amendment of the Sen ate, and agree to
the same. E. B. WASHBURNE,
CHARLES IS. PHELPS,
C. DELANO.
Managers on the part of the House.
L. M. MORRILL,
TIMOTHY 0. HOWE,.
T.A. HENDRICKS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. _ I will make a
general .statement in regard to it.
Mr. CONNESS. Let ine call the Senator's
attention to one point before he begins. The
provision in regard to advertising, as it appears
to me, as I heard the latter part of it read, by
implication clearly authorizes the publication
of such advertisements in other papers than
those named, "unless selected by the head of
a Department."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. I as,k the Clerk to read
the latter part of that provision, and I call the
attention of the chairman to it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That no advertisement, to any State, dis-
trict. or Territory, other than the District of Colum-
bia, Maryland, or Virginia, shall be publishedin the
papeis designated, unless at the direction first made
of the pioper head of a Department.
Mr. CONNESS. Now, sir, it appears to
me clearly, by implication, they may publish
them, "if not directed by the head of a De-
partment.," that is under other circumstances,
in any other paper.
Mr. MORllILL, of Maine. This report
presents the bill very much as it came from
the Committee on Appropriations on the part
of the Senate and as it was perfected by the
Senate when it was returned to the House of
Representatives. It is substantially that. I
will name the general exceptions in which it
differs, and then 1 will notice what the honor-
able Senator from California has drawn my
attention to.
The first material exception to the statement
I have made that this is substantially the bill
as it was left by the actiou of the Senate is the
appropriation for the execution of the laws in
regard to loans. The Senate proposed to
appropriate ©1,500,000. This report leaves it
at $1,250,000.
Then the Senate agreed to appropriate
$8,000,000 for the expenses of the internal reve-
nue. The House proposition was $6,000,000.
The committee of the Senate and the Senate
concurred in raising it to $8,000,000. This
report putr it at $6,000 000 upon the ground
that there has been a large deduction in the
taxes, or rather in abatement of the taxes,
which will necessarily tend to decrease the
expenses, and then, as we understand, the
large reduction in the force renders it probable
that $6,000,000 will answer for the expenses
of that Department this year.
There is one particular to which I think I
ought to call the attention of the Senate, and
that is the Department of Education. It will
be noticed that the original establishment of
the Department as a Department of Education
is to cease at the close of the present fiscal
year, that is June SO, 1869; but provision is
made for a Commissioner, who is to be trans-
ferred to the Interior Department, and subject
to the directions and authority of the head of
that Department, and his duties are to be those
of the piesent Commissioner.
Pretty much all the other amendments re-
late to the clerks in the several Departments.
They are limited; but it. is of no great conse-
quence, I suppose, that I should detail the
amendments in regard to those matters.
Now, in regard to the question to which the
Senator from California adverts, the under-
standing of the committee is that all laws,
treaties, and advertisements required by law
to be published in the States of Virginia and
Maryland, and the District of Columbia, are
to be published in the papers which are au-
thorized by law to make this publication.
Mr. CONNESS. I am satisfied.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
the Senator is satisfied that the objection is not
sound, and therefore, that unless some Sena-
tor desires a further explanation, I will say
no more.
The report was concurred in.
IiNKOLLEl) BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherso^, its Clerk, announced that
the Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore of the
Senate:
A bill (Ii. R. No. 373) to place the name
of Mahala A. Straight upon the pension-roll
of the United States ;
A bill (II. It. No. 406) granting a pension
to the minor children of Pleasant Stoops;
A bill (H. R. No. 518) granting a pension
to George F. Gorbam, late a private in com-
pany B, twenty-ninth regiment Massachusetts
volunteer infantry;
A bill (H. R. No. 522) granting a pension
to W. W. Cunningham ;
A bill (H. R. No. 525) granting a pension
to Jeremiah T. Hallett;
A bill (H. R. No. 661) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of William
Craft;
A bill (H. R. No. 662) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of George R.
Waters ;
A bill (H. R. No. C63) granting a pension
to Cyrus K. Wood, the legal representative of
Cyrus D. Wood;
A bill (H. R. No. 664) granting a pension
to the minor children of Charles Gouler;
A bill (II. R. No. 066) granting a pension to
Henry II. Hunter;
A bill (II. R. No. 609) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Myron
Wilklow;
A bill (H. R. No. G70) granting a pension
to the widow and children of Andrew Holman ;
A bill (H. R. No. 521) to place the name
of Solomon Zaehman on the pension-roll;
A bill (II. R. No. 673) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of John S.
Phelps ;
A bill (H. R. No. 672) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Charles
W. Wilcox ;
A bill (H. R. No. 670) granting a pension
to Thomas Connolly ;
A bill (IT. R. No. 677) granting a pension
to the minor children of James Heatherly ;
A bill (II. II. No. 770) granting a pension
to John II. Finlay ;
A bill (II. R. No. G75) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Cornelius
L. Rice ;
A bill (H. R. No. 771) granting a pension
to John L. Lay ;
A bill (H. R. No. 773) granting a pension
to William H. McDonald;
A bill (FI. II. No. 825) granting a pension
to J ohn W. Hughes;
A bill (S. No. 232) granting a pension to
Henrietta Nobles;
A bill (S. No. 238) granting a pension to
Carrie E. Burdett;
A bill (S. No. 282) granting a pension to
Annie E. Dixon.
A bill (S. No. 291) granting a pension to
Ann Kelley, widow of Bernard Kelley;
A bill (S. No. 292) granting a pension to
Maria Raftery;
A bill (S. No. 316) for the relief of Rebecca
V. Senor, mother of James H. Senor, deceased;
A bill (S. No. 318) for the relief of Charlotte
Posey, widow of Sebastian R. Posey;
A bill (S. No. 321) for the relief of Mrs.
Mary Gaither, widow of Wiley Gaither, de-
ceased ;
A bill (S. No. 832) granting a pension to
John W. Harris:
A bill (S. No. '333) for the relief of Julia M.
Molin;
A bill (S. No. 342) granting a pension to
Thomas Stewart;
A bill (S. No. 359) granting a pension to
Louisa Fitch, widow of E. P. Fitch, deceased;
A bill (S. No. 381) granting a pension to
Edward Hamel, minor child of Edward Hamel,
5gc6S&SG(3 "
A bill (S*. No. 427) for the relief of the widow
and children of John W. Jameson;
A bill(S. No. 434) for the relief of Elizabeth
Barker, widow of Alexander Barker, deceased;
A bill (S. No. 456) for the relief of Sylvester
Nugent;
A bill (S. No. 494) granting a pension to
Elizabeth Steepleton, widow^of Harrison W.
Steeplcton, deceased;
A bill (S. No. 495) for the relief of Henry
Reens ;
A bill S. No. 497) for the relief of Catharine
Wands;
A bill (S. No. 498) granting a pension to
Anna M. Howard;
A bill (S. No. 500) granting a pension to
Lucinda R. Johnson;
A bill (S. No. 501) granting a pension to Har-
riet W. Pond;
A bill (S. No. 520) granting a pension to
Martha Stout;
A bill (S. No. 549) granting an increase of
pension to Catharine Eckhardt.
A bill (S. No. 307) for the relief of certain
Government contractors ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 81) placing
certain troops of Missouri on an equal footing
with others as to bounties;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 292) directing
the Secretary of War to sell damaged or
unserviceable arms, ordnance, and ordnance
stores; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 107) in relation
to the Maquoketa river in the State of Iowa.
THE FUNDING BILL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
ness of jesterday is before the Senate, being
the bill (H. R. No. 1354) to provide for the
issue of arms for the use of the militia.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of the
Senator from Massachusetts, I move to post-
pone the unfinished business and all prior
orders and take up the special order for one
o'clock to-day, the funding bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 207) for fund-
ing the national debt and for the conversion of
the notes of the United States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Ohio, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment,
which was to strike out all of the original bill
after the enacting clause and to insert in lieu
thereof the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby au-
thorized to issue coupon or registered bonds of the
United States in such form and of such denomina-
tions as he may prescribe, redeemable in coin at tho
pleasure of the United States, after twenty, thirty,
andforty years, respectively, and bearing the follow-
ing rates of yearly interest, payable semi-annually in
coin, that is to say: the issue of bonds falling due in
twenty years shall bear interest at five per cent.;
bonds falling due in thirity years shall bear interest
at four and a half per cent.; and bonds falling duo
in forty years shall bear interest at four per cent,
which said bonds shall be exempt from taxation in
any form by or under State, municipal, or local au-
thority, and tho same and the interest thereon, and
the income thcretrom, shall be exempt from the
payment of alt taxes or duties to the United States,
other than such income tax as may be assessed upon
other incomes: and the said bonds and the proceeds
thcreot shall be exclusively used for the redemption,
payment, or purchase of, or exchange for, an equal
amount of any of the present interest-bearing debt
of the United States, other than the existing five per
cent, bonds and tho three per cent, certificates, and
may be issued to an amount, in the aggregate, suffi-
cient to cover the principal of all outstanding or
existing obligations as limited herein, and 110 more,
but not to exeecd $700,000,000 dollars shall be of the
issue ledeemable in twenty years.
Sec, 2. And be it further enacted, That there is
hereby appropriated out of the duties derived from
imported goods the sum of 8135,000,000 annually,
which sum during eacli fiscal year shall be applied
