526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
January 15,
tobacco, get $30,000,000; and I think you will
relieve the country very much.
Mr. President, 1 only rose to say that I shall
vote for this bill in order to satisfy the country
that we are not going to disturb the questions
of finance now, and to hold out to them the
belief that we intend immediately to turn our
attention to saving expenses. Let us reduce
the Army. Why cannot we strike off twenty
or thirty millions there ? Let us take fifteen or
twenty millions off the Navy; and so of the civil
list. Let us send into obscurity the rascals who
are running about callingthemselves detectives,
and select honest men to collect the revenue.
Why, sir, you can hardly travel in a railroad
car or go anywhere without finding some scamp
who approaches you, trying to lind ont your
secrets and telling you after a little while, whis-
pering it in your year, "I am a detective for
the Government." There were no such things
in the olden time, and there ought to be none
now. I repeat, sir, let us reduce our expenses
and then this question of the currency will not
affect us eo much.
Allusion has been made in the course of this
debate to the old State banks. I belonged to
the State bank system. That old system built
up all the turnpikes, all the canals, and all the
roads of the country, and they did it because
when hones* men had control of the banks
they made a currency that everybody in their
neighborhood accepted. So I would make it
so now. I would let everybody bank. I would
begin at once by cutting the Government loose
from the banking system, and then 1 believe in
three months the Government could redeem
all its liabilities in specie. But now by your
system the Government has become part of
the banking system. The banks think they
can take care of the Government, and the
Government believes it is taking care of the
banks. In this country everybody is expected
to take care of himself, and those who do so,
I think, generally get along pretty well. But
this system of bolstering up a parcel of petty
corporations, calling them national banks, and
inducing them to invest their whole capital in
the hands of the Government is a wrong to the
community, beeause it takes the capital of the
country from the legitimate business of the
country. The intention of banks was to stim-
ulate and encourage the business of the com-
munities in which they are located. Now the
banks put their permanent investments in bonds
and they put their immediate funds into the
hands of brokers who speculate in bonds, and
the trader and themeTchantgetnoaccommoda-
tion from them. That is one of the evils, and
there are many others that I might mention.
But, Mr. President, I did not rise to make
any extended remarks, but merely to say that
I am ia favor of this bill because it will satisfy
the public for the present that we are going to
let them take care of themselves. I shall on
that ground vote for the bill and against this
amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, it often
happens that the character and importance of
ft measure are not to be determined by the mere
measure itself. It continually occurs that an
act is to be vindicated or condemned upon con-
siderations which apparently are remote and
entirely independent. This is very common
in the most trifling affairs of life,'and it is likely
to be most conspicuous in matters of govern-
ment and public action. I think it is very
conspicuous here.
The measure before us on its face provides
that for the time being the reduction of paper
currency shall cease—no, I should not say
"shall cease," because theTe is at this time
going on no reduction of the currency; there
has been none for some time. Therefore I
ought more properly to say that on its face it is
a provision that for the time being no contrac-
tion of the currency shall occur. If this were
all in any aspect meant by this measure I think
I may say without disrespect to anybody it
would be very unimportant; it would not have
provoked the debate which has been had upon
it, and it would be in all respects very incon-
sequential. Why? Because the fact is patent
to the country that for weeks, and I believe for
months now, there has been in point of fact no
contraction, and no attempt to contract. The
fact is patent here, because we have the Secre-
tary's letter by which his gage is given to us
that for the time being no contraction will take
place.
But, says the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Finance, in God's providence
this particular Secretary of the Treasury may
be taken away and some other man may suc-
ceed in his place, and in this aspect some im-
portance attaches to this bill. Does it, when
we remember that this bill has passed the
House of Representatives already, that it lies
here on our table where it can be taken up
almost in the twinkling of an eye, and applied
to the arrest of any attempt by this or any
future financial Secretary to contract? I sub-
mit, Mr. President, without multiplying words
in this respect, that if the whole object here
was to leave the currency of the country where
it is in bulk, pending the consideration before
the Committee on Finance of a general finan-
cial scheme,ia thousand acts of Congress could
make the situation in that respect no safer
than it is.
Here let me ask why is this measure alone,
by itself, fragmentary, exceptional, belonging
properly to the subject of finance, but torn
from the context, and before us all alone?
Why is it brought forward by the House of
Representatives, or why is it urged upon us?
We had the other day a bill for the repeal of
the cotton tax; and the Senator by whom it
was reported assigned as a reason—and a very
good reason it was, as far as it went—that time
pressed as to that measure; that although it
pertained to the general scheme of revenue
there were several considerations peculiarly
applicable to it, and that it ought to be selected
out and preferred above all other things. He
told us that the month of January, and an
early time in January, was the accepted period
for forecasting with regard to the production
of cotton, and therefore it was essential, not
only that in the end, but that in the present,
the policy of Congress in regard to the cotton
tax should be proclaimed. Is any reason like
that assigned in either House of Congress for
the consideration of this measure? 1 admit a
reason tantamount to that would exist but for
the fact to which I have already alluded, that
we know in the immediate past there has been,
and in the present and in the immediate future
there ia to be, and there can be, no contraction
of the currency. I state that there can be none,
because We have in our hand the power instan-
taneously to arrest it, even if we have so little
faith in the Secretary as to suppose that, in
the face of his assurance, he will enter upon it.
Mr. President, I expect, for one, to vote
against this bill in any shape which it is likely
in my opinion to assume; and I beg to say
that I have not the slightest idea of influencing
the vote of any Senator by the few remarks
which I propose to submit. But I wish before
I sit down not only to make an observation
about the amendment that I have offered, but
to disclaim the position assigned to every Sen-
ator who ventures to criticise or to oppose this
bill.
The Senator from Missouri [Mrft Hender-
son] delivered a very eloquent argument the
other day, certainly not to fight a shadow in his
own estimation, but to answer and put to con-
fusion those of us who are, as he contends, in
favor of an instantaneous resumption of specie
payments; and he showed us, as a master of
nautical science, how unfortunate would be the
fate of a vessel, a canal boat, that was treated
in that way. Other Senators have assumed,
in their remarks, that there was a party on
this floor in favor not only of continuing the
contraction of the currency and continuing it
now, but of pressing it to the point at all haz-
ards, of making gold touch par and resuming
specie payments, no matter if it should strew
the whole land with the ruins of commercial
enterprises. I beg to say, for one, that I have
no idea Of so voting or so acting as to attempt
a resumption now or suddenly or presently of
specio payments. So much for that. I have
no idea of so voting or so acting as to encour-
age in the preaent a further reduction of the
currency of the country, because the condition
in which we find ourselves forces rne to the
conclusion that the Secretary of the Treasury
only accepted a necessity, a controlling neces-
sity, when he ceased Bome time ago to curtail
the currency.
But, sir, when I have said that a resumption
of specie payments now is not within my ex-
pectation or my hope, and that a contraction
of the currency further at this moment is, in
my judgment, not to be asked for or attempted,
that does not assist me at all in coming to the
couclusion that I ought to vote for this partic-
ular measure. I have assigned already what I
think would be a sufficient reason for voting
against it; but it is not by any means the only
reason which influences me. How is this
measure to be accepted by the country ? Some
Senator has said—I believe the distinguished
Senator from Ohio—that in point of fact the
Secretary has no right new to expand the cur-
rency. For the sake of the argumeut I will
admit that; but I ask, how will this act be
received in the country if we give no token
here that we do not intend to arm him with
that power j and if, on the contrary, by voting
down an amendment such as was offered by
my friend from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] and
such as that pending now, we disclose the fact
that, speaking for ourselves to-day, without
any fresh emergency upon us, we have not even
at this time the intention of refusing to em-
power the Secretary further to expand ? I ask
now, looking upon the face of this bill, is its
passage to be received in the country? Every
business man, sharp as the business community
is, will understand very well that the House of
Representatives and the Senate, any more than
the constituent members of those Houses, never
put forward this bill and carried it through all
the progress of this debate for the mere pur-
pose of doing what has already been done by
the necessity of the case, by the pledge of the
Secretary, and by its passage through one
House, subject here to almost instantaneous
consummation wherever it shall be necessary.
What will they think is the intention? Pre-
cisely that which has cropped out over and
over again in this ctebate. What says the dis-
tinguished Senator from Indiana? He says
that not merely until Congress shall legislate
further, (thereby fairly meaning until the Com-
mittee on Finance shall advance their entire
financial scheme,) but for the years 1868 and
1869, this measure is to stand as permanent in
its effect, as permanent in the intention which
inspires it, as if it were a naked act repealing
every power that exists to contract. I am sure
I do not mistake the intention of the Senator
when I quote him as I do.
So one portion of the business community
is to accept it. Another portion is to be en-
compassed with fresh uncertainty and fresh
alarm, because they will remember that the
two Houses of Congress, as much as other
people, are subject to the impulses, the excite-
ments, the effervescence which now and then
take place in the country. They will remem-
ber when there was an immense "pressure"—
that was the word used in the newspapers and
in Congress—to pass a gold bill, a bill which
by legislative interposition was to overrule the
laws of trade and commerce, and prevent these
gold gamblers and '' bad people of other sorts''
who were most descriptively enumerated in the
debates from laying their heads together and
compassing the evils which they were engaged
in doing. Well, sir, the gold bill passed, and
those bad men who happened to have on their
side the laws of trade and commerce tossed
your gold bill as a lion would toss a dew-drop
from his mane. It amounted to nothing in the
world, because it came in conflict with a power
which for that purpose was irresistible. I might
mention other instances in which the two
Houses of Congress have been impelled, with
