1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to the payment of the interest, and to the reduction
of the principal of the public debt, in such a manner
as may be determined by the Secretary of tho Treas-
ury, or 8s Congress may hereafter direct; and such
reduction shall be in lieu of the sinking fund con-
templated by the fifth section of th' act entitled **An
act to authorize theis^ue ot United States notes, and
for the redemption or funding thereof, and tor fund-
ing the floating debtof the United States" approved
l^brujiry 25, 18G2.
Seu.3. And be it further enacted. That the holder of
any-lawful money of the United States, to the amount
ui $1,000. or any multiple of $1,000, may convert the
same into bonds for an equal amount, authorized by
the first section of this act,under such rulesand reg-
ulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may pre-
scribe; and any holder of any of the bonds provided
ior in the first section of this act, may present the
same to the Treasurer of the United States and de-
mand lawful money of the United States for the
principal and accruing interest thereon, and the
Treasurer shall redeem the same in lawful money
oi the United States, unless the amount of the Uni-
ted States notes then outstanding shall be equal to
$400,000.000: and such bond shall not be so redeem-
able after the United States have resumed the pay-
ment of coin for their notes.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That any con-
tract hereafter made specifically payable in coin
shall belegal andvalid,smd maybe enforced accord-
ing to its terms, anything in the several act? relat-
ing to United States notes to the contrary notwith-
. standing.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I do not
intend to discuss the general subject of. fund-
ing the public debt. I did that in January
last, and have no desire to repeat the argument
I then submitted to the Senate. I am willing
to stand on what I then said. My position
lias only been strengthened by the debates since
that time.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not wish to inter-
rupt the Senator, but I hope he will tell us
wherein the first section of this bill differsfrom
the law of 1806, the present authority of the
Secretary of the Treasury?
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will answer the ques-
tion of the Senator when wo proceed to con-
sider the details of the bill.
Recent events, however, show, the import-
ance, the absolute necessity of making some
movement toward the reduction of the interest
on the public debt, with a view to lighten the
burdens of the people. The Chicago conven-
tion pledged the Republican party to make
vigorous efforts to reduce the rate of interest
on the public debt. The platform is familiar
to all._ The majority of the House of Repre-
sentatives, comprising men of both parties,
and the recent Democratic convention at New
York, propose to lessen the burdens of the
public debt by taxing the income from it. This
subject is exciting a great deal of attention and
anxiety among the people. There is a uni-
versal demand that the burden of the public
debt, which now bears six per cent, in gold,
shall be reduced as rapidly as possible, either
by funding it at a lower rate of interest, or by
taxing it in some form or other by the States
or by the national Government.
These are questions that I do not propose
now to discuss at any length. My convictions
are that the States cannot tax the Govern-
ment securities. The loan laws expressly pro-
hibit this. The United States has been in
debt since the foundation of the Government,
and no party ever proposed to tax the Govern-
ment securities until the Democratic party pro-
posed to do it. The courts have always held
that there is no power in a State government
to tax the Government securities. It is in-
herent in the nature of our Government. The
power to borrow money is a power necessary
to the existence of the Government, and no
subordinate authority can affect that power.
It is not necessary to discuss these questions
further than to refer to the cases, and that I
have already done.
Nor can the United States impose a discrim-
inating tax against Government securities.
The United States may impose the same tax
on the income derived from Government secur-
ities that it does on other incomes. There
can be no objection to that. It is done by the
English and other Governments. _ But the
United States cannot make a discriminating
property income tax againstGovernment secur-
ities. Such a thing would be a plain and pal-
pable violation of the tenor of the loan acts.
It ought never to be tolerated or thought of
by any one. I was very much gratified, and I
think that is the opinion of the whole Senate,
at the prompt action of the Committee of Ways
and Means on the proposition sent to them
by the House of Representatives.
The only way, in my judgment, to reduce
the burden of the public debt is by selling our
bonds at a lower rate of interest and redeem-
ing existing bonds according to the spirit and
terms of the law under which they were issued.
It can be done now. The state of the money
market is such that we can do it now. 1 h^ve
no doubt that a simple offer now made to the
bondholders will induce many of them to
accept bonds at a lower rate of interest, and
thus, without disturbing or affecting the public
credit, reduce the rate of interest eonsidera>bly.
Upon another point. I have no doubt, Is^id
here in January last, that the Government of
the United States have now the right to pay
the principal of the five-twenty bonds, as they
mature or becomc redeemable, in the lawful
money of the United States. We have no
power and no right, without violating public
faith, to issue any more greenbacks, because
the law under which our bonds were nego-
tiated limits the amount of greenbacks to
$480,000,000, and we cannot violate that stip-
ulation by increasing the quantity of green-
backs or lawful money. But so fast as this
money comes into the Treasury of the United
States, either by taxes or by new loans, we
have a right to apply those tax£s or that money
to the payment of the principal of the public
debt, precisely as we have a right to apply it
to the payment of pensions or salaries, or any
other expenditure of the Government The
law makes no such discrimination in favor of
bondholders. The only discrimination that is
made is in regard to interest. That is ex-
pressly provided to be paid in gold coin. In
regard to tho principal there is no stipulation
as to the five-twenty loan. There is a stipula-
tion in regard to the ten-forty loan, and no one
proposes to violate it. But the committee do
not present that question. It is a question
upon which there is a difference of opinion
among men of all parties. We do not wish to
present that question by the bill, nor does the
bill present the question.
This bill is simply an authority to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to sell tho bonds of the
United States of a specific character at a price
that will enable him to redeem dollar for dol-
lar the outstanding six per cent, bonds of tho
United States. It is so carefully prepared that
the Secretary has no authority to sell except
as he is able to redeem an equal amount, dol-
lar for dollar, of existing bonds. So that the
question upon which there is a difference of
opinion among us as Republicans and as
Senators about the power of the United States
to pay off the bonds as they mature in lawful
money does not arise.
My own deliberate judgment, however, is
that we have the right to do it; and that,
unless this conversion is made in a reasonable
time by the voluntary action and interest of
the bondholders, that power will be exercised.
Tho state of the money market shovvs that
this is the general opinion of the commercial
world, because the difference between the ten-
forties and five-twenties does not exceed three
or four per cent. I have no doubt that a prop-
osition to give to the holders of these bonds a
bond bearing five per cent, interest payable in
twenty years will be accepted by them ; or if
not, the Secretary may go into the markets of
the world and sell these new bonds at a price
that will enable him to take up and buy in
in the open market the five-twenty bonds ; so
that the question about which there is a differ-
ence of opinion will be postponed. If the
state of the money market will not allow him
to do this, the bill does no harm.
This bill contains four distinct propositions,
all of which ought to go together. The first
is that a bond bearing a lower rate of interest
may be exchanged or sold to redeem a bond
bearing a higher rate of interest. The sec-
ond proposition is that a specific sum of
$135,000,000 in gold shall be set aside for
the payment of the interest on the public
debt, and for the redemption of the principal.
If this is allowed its uninterrupted course, it
will pay off the whole national debt in thirty-
five years. The effect of a fixed appropri-
ation operates as a sinking fund. As the
interest is diminished by funding, the amount
to be applied to the principal increases. The
reduction proposed on the first five-twenty
loan of $500,000,000 will operate as a saving
to the United States of $269,912,460 by the
year 1898, when it becomes payable. I will
append a carefully prepared table to these
remarks showing this in detail.
The next proposition is that the holder of
a greenback shall stand on precisely the same
fooling as the holder of a bond; that whatever
privilege is conferred upon die holder of a
bond shall be conferred upon the holder of a
greenback; that the holder of a United States
note may go and present it at the Treasury
and demand a bona for it, and that the holder
of a five-twenty bond may go and present it at
the Treasury and demand a new bond for it.
By this simple provision we answer the dem-
agogical cry so prevalent in the country that
one kind of currency is provided for the poor
man and another for the rich man, because we
place the United States note on a precise foot-
ing with the most favored security now offered
in the market. Unless this is done the man
who is compelled to receive your United States
note, which is, after all, a promise of the Gov-
ernment to pay on demand, is placed in a more
disadvantageous position than the person who
holds your bond payable in the long future.
This provision is inserted for the purpose of
making an equality between the bondholder
and the noteholder, to remove the discrimina-
tion between them. All discriminations be-
tween different kinds of debt, between note-
holders and bondholders are anti-republican,
and should be dispensed with as rapidly as pos-
sible.
The last section of the bill is simply the bill
that the Senate have already unanimously
passed, providing that the people may, if they
choose, trade in gold. Under the existing
laws merchants are compelled to buy large
amounts of gold to pay duties, and yet they
cannot make a legal contract, according to
the construction of some of the courts, payable
iu gold. The result is, that they are embar-
lassed. Eraudsmay becommitted. Contracts
made upon the basis of gold must be enforced
by the courts in lawful money. This section
simply restores to the people the right to trado
as they please, to do as they please, and au-
thorizes the courts to enforce those contracts
according to their letter and spirit. This sec-
tion has been objected to, I believe, by the
Senator from Minnesota because it might en-
able the rich man to demand a gold contract for
the purpose of raising the rate of interest.
Such a contract would be usurious, and would
not be enforced.
Mr. RAMSEY. How does the Senator
know that? It is not so upon the face of th 
law.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the contract is made
upon the basis of paper money, and the stipu-
lation to pay in gold is merely used as a device
or means to extort usury, it is a usurious con-
tract and will not be enforced. This section
only applies to contracts hereafter made that
are based upon gold values—to be paid in gold
in the future, and therefore it is perfectly just
and right. Indeed, my own opinion is, that
under the legal-tender clause there is nothing
to prevent the enforcement of contracts based
upon gold being enforced in gold; but-there is
a difference of opinion on that point in the legal
profession, and many of the courts have held
that a contract payable in gold, based upon
gold, where gold was lent, may be enforced
now in the lawful money of the United States,
creating an injustice which is as wrong as
would be a forfeiture of a portion of the debt.
Now, Mr. President, these principles are
