186a
THE CONGEBSSIOJ^icXi GLQm
627
the best motives in the world, to attempt to
intervene by little installments of legislation to
check these evil tendencies, and in which the
failure h;is been as signal as anybody predicted
it would be.
Now, looking at what has been, I ask for the 1
men who accept this, as the honorable Senator
from Ohio presents it, (and with entire sincer-
ity as to himself, of course, and all the mem-
bers of the committee for whom he speaks,) as
a temporary measure, with what fresh uncer-
tainty are they not to be encountered? When
is it to end? Why, sir, whenever, without a
moment's notice, without a signal of which any-
body can be aware, it shall, for a different set
of reasons, enter the mind of some member of
one House to introduce a modification, and the
minds of a majority of the two Houses to sanc-
tion that modification.
Does it tranquilize the country? Does it
establish stability? Does it do anything ex-
cept to launch the financial community upon a
sea of fresh uncertainty? If I thought it did,
if it were a proposition to fix a definite time
(unwise as I believe even that would be,) dur-
ing which the currency should not be changed,
I should be comparatively content to vote for
it. But, sir, I see it presented ostensibly and
sincerely—for I need not say I do not mean
to question that—I see it come from the
Finance Committee as a measure to provide
for that which is already sufficiently, entirely,
and completely provided for. I see it accepted
here, and accepted already in the country, as a
measure going beyond that, as a measure which
they reject for that purpose for .the reasons
which I have given already. Seeing, as the
public sees, that there is no necessity for it in
that regard, I say it is accepted as an indication
of a permanent policy to arrest contraction.
Well, sir, if it stopped there, although I
think that would be evil in tendency, yet it
would stop short of the great objection which
it has. It is accepted beyond that as an indi-
cation that Congress takes a new departure;
that Congress rises once more upon the wings
of inflation, to go how high nobody knows;
and when propositions like that now pending,
as I shall beg to modify it before I take my
seat, are voted down, and upon the statement
of some Senator that they are unnecessary, cer-
tainly the public can come to no conclusion
except that a majority of the Senate is deter-
mined now not even to confess, not even to
have wrung or extorted from them, an admis-
sion that their belief is that in the future there
should be no further expansion. Thus it goes
out as a measure uncertain on its face, unsta-
ble in its effect, the subject of controversy as
to its meaning here and everywhere else. It
goes out accepted by a large class of people
as a permanent policy of anti-contraction, and
by still another large class of people as a meas-
ure unmistakably indicating an intention pos-
itively to expand and render still more redund-
ant than it has ever been before the currency
of the country.
Mr. President, for the reasons which I ha*e
endeavored to assign, carrying the attempt at
greater length than I intended, and for other
reasons which I might assign, I cannot vote for
this bill in the shape in which it is left by the
amendments of the Committee on Finance or
in any shape I expect it to assume. In giving
my vote in the negative I wish, as I have said,
not by any silence with which the various state-
ments of Senators have been received or by
any other conjecture, to have it understood that
I intend so to vote or so to act as to insist
immediatety upon resumption or immediately
upon contraction.
I suggested an amendment, which is pend-
ing, and which was met by the Senator from
New Jersey with the suggestion that it would
interfere with the reserve permitted by the act
of June 30, 18G4; and because I would like to
test the strength of the amendment divested
of all incumbrance, and not because I accept
the legal argument of the distinguished Sen-
ator, I want to modify the amendment so as to
meet his view. Therefore I'propose inserting
the words which I suggested, "orincreased,"
to follow the end of the last line by these
words:
Provided, That nothing herein shall affect the
power of the Secretary of the Treasury to maintain
tho reserve authorized by section four of the act of
June SO, 1864.
' That, if I am able to comprehend it, presents
to the Senate the naked question, without alloy ,
or embarrassment, whether we intend by the
pending measure to say anything more than
that the currency shall remain ia statu quo.
If we intend to say only that—and I will con-
, cede for the sake of the argument that the
' Secretary has no power to expand; I do not be- ■
lieve it in fact, but I say I concede for the sake
of the argument that ne has no such power—
i then it is an antidote going with the other parts
■ of this bill; it is something which will neutral-
ize that poison of suspicion and apprehension \
which we set afloat; it is something declaratory ■
of the truth that by its action to-day or in its
conviction to-day the Senate docs not intend to
; favor fresh paper expansion ; but if, on the
contrary, this Secretary or some other who
shall come after him has the power, then, for
| the reason that I state, and for an added obvi-
: ous reason, it becomes useful.
j One word further and I have done. I know—
' I ought to know as well as others, because I
: am sure that the people whom I have the honor
j to represent feel us deeply as any constituency
; represented in this Chamber—the disorders, the
:j burdens, the hardships of this time ; and I be-
lieve that the question of finance, as it was in
the beginning of the war, is now, and is to be
I might almost say, the question of government
in this country. I think that he would not be
a bold man who would be willing to covenant
to find himself away out of all our other troubles
if some one would show him a way of relieving
ourselves from all the financial difficulties and
dilemmas which are upon us and which we see
in the future. But, sir, I do not believe that
the remedy for these evils—that the relief for
the sufferings of the country—is to be found in
the modes that are suggested of making money
easy. I do not believe it is to be found by
putting out directly or indirectly fresh prom-
ises to pay additional dilutions of the currency
and sending up prices and values higher than
they are. Without speaking of the people of
fixed incomes and all the other classes of people
who thus are pinched and troubled, I believe
for the whole business community and the entire
public such a proposition is a fallacy. In lieu
of it I hope to be able, for one, to address my-
self to measures of relief of these descriptions :
measures looking to economy, to frugality, to
rigid accountability in the administration every-
where of the public servioe; measures of ac-
countability which will hew to the line, no mat-
ter where the chips fly, not only by reducing
the Army, not only by reducing the Navy, not
only hy dispensing with the innumerable place-
men in all the departments of the Government
whose services can be dispensed with, but by
establishing a rule with regard to appropria-
tions in all respects which shall inaugurate a
new era financially and morally in the legisla-
tion of this country.
I look for relief in the diminution of taxes ;
in taking off the arms of labor the shackles by
which they are bowed down; in efforts to
enforce, by measures <jf administration and of
legislation, the collection of those taxes which
not only the law but morality and considera-
tions beyond morality select as the particular
and especial sources from which the revenue
should not fail. I believe, sir, that if we can
have such measures of reformation, such meas-
ures of economy, of retrenchment, of account-
ability, as this Congress has it in its power to
adopt, without inflating the currency, without
any device of that description, we can remove
the burdens which weigh so heavily; we can
restore to equanimity and to health the dis-
ordered interests of the country, and we can
demonstrate, as the experience of nations and
communities so often has demonstrated,, tho
fallacy, the fatuity, and the fatality of a resort
to great issues of paper money in times of need
in order to regulate the finances or supply the
public wants.
Now, sir, I trust that if there be any crit-
icism or objection in detail to this amendment
it may be so modified as to avoid that; that it
may be put in language apt and exact to ex-
press the precise idea ; and then, unless there
be some objection to it besides the one already
urged, that it is not necessary. I speak earn-
estly when I say that I hope Senators will not
without a thought dismiss the proposition to
let this bill, which seems destined to pass,
carry with it a declaration that we do not
intend, now at all events, in any way to give
countenance to the idea of an expansion of .
the paper currency of the country.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from New York proposes to modify his
amendment. The amendment will be read as
modified.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not know that the
Secretary can read it. I will read it slowly so
that he may note it. It is to insert at the end
of the bill:
Provided, That nothing herein shall affect the
power of the Secretary of the Treasury to maintain
the reserve authorized by section four of the act of
June 30, 1864.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Is that a further amend-
ment that the honorable Senator proposes ?
Mr. CONKLING. It is a modification of
my former amendment to meet the objection
of the Senator from New Jersey.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not rise to take
part in this discussion, but to inquire and
ascertain the precise point before the Senate.
I understand that under the existing law the
Secretary of the Treasury is empowered to can-
cel $4,000,000 of the notes of the United States
called greenbacks per month; and the provi-
sion which is now before the Senate reported
from the Committee on Finance is substantially
a prowsion to suspend that power on the part
of the Secretary until Congress shall take soma
further action in the premises. I understand
that to be the whole effect of the proposition
from the Committee on Finance. I do not
think that any inference can be drawn from
that action of the Senate, that they are in favor
either of immediate resumption of specie pay-
ments or of an expansion of the greenback eur->
rency; for the Senate now votes simply to sus-
pend that power of the Secretary. It seemd
to me that is the whole question. He is now
authorized to contract the greenback circula-
tion $4,000,000 per month, and the question
is, shall we take from the Secretary of tliet
Treasury that power or leave it to him until
Congress shall further legislate on the subject.
If I understand the proposition, that is it and
all of it. There are some Senators who have
offered amendments, and it is alleged because
certain amendments are voted upon and voted
down therefore an inference is to be drawn
that the purpose of the Senate is to expand
the currency. The honorable Senator from
Vermont, I believe, moved an amendment that
specie payments should be resumed by a cer-
tain day. That was voted down.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
is mistakenj I introduced a bill providing tor
the resumption of specie payments two years
h6uce*
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It was the. Senator'*
colleague from Vermont that introduced some
amendment bearing on this question, and be-
cause it was voted down by the majority of th&
Senate in favor of the passage of this bill an
inference is sought to be drawn that the Senate
of the llnited States is in favor of an expan-
sion of the currency. I protest that no such
inference is to be drawn from it. Nothing is
to be drawn from it except what the Senate say,
and that is—and that is the whole of it—that
the Secretary of the Treasury shall not have
the power to contract the greenback circu-
lation until Congress shall give him further
power over the question. For my self, sir, I am
looking forward to the time when Specie pay-
ments are to be resumed. I am not in favor
