528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
<Jf being thrown upon the high wings of an ex-
pansion which is to make a wreck of all values
and credits throughout the land. I do not
propose, however, to go into the discussion of
that question, but simply to confine all I have
to say to the precise point that seems to me
to bo before the Senate, and to protest that no
inference shall be drawn either here or else-
where, because the Senate now resolve to take
from the Secretary of the Treasury this power to
contract the greenback circulation, that, there-
fore, the Senate are in favor of the issue o£
more greenbacks in the circulation of the
country. I protest that no inference is to be
drawn one way or the other.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, if the Sec-
retary of the Treasury had no power to con-
tract the currency it would not be necessary
for the Senate to say one word about it in the
form of a bill; and as he has no power to
expand the currency it is not necessary for ns
to say one word on that subject. It is a safe
rule for courts always to confine the opinions
they give to the issues in the ease before them,
and not to give opinions that may perhaps be
of use in future cases; and it is a safe rule in
legislation to confine the legislation to the par-
ticular matter that is to be enacted or pro-
hibited without giving an opinion upon matters
that are not involved in the bill. The amend-
ment of the Senator from New York simply
invites the Senate to make an obiter dictum
upon the subject of the future expansion of the
currency.
The other day, when the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Fessendex] was speaking on this sub-
ject, I asked him whether he was in favor of
having contraction go on until all this currency
had been taken up or whether he expected
contraction to stop somewhere mid-way, and
I understood him to say that he expected con-
traction to stop somewhere short of taking up
all of this legal-tender currency. Now, sir, we
simply propose that Congress shall say tBat we
have come to that point—that we shall stop 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will allow
me to say that that was not the idea communi-
cated by his question nor by my answer. The
question, as I understood it, was, whether I
thought we should be obliged to take up all
this currency before resuming specie payments,
or whether it might be done before we reached
that point. I told him that probably it might
be done before we reached that point. That
was the question put to me, and what I
answered.
Mr. MORTON. I think that amounts to
about the same thing. I asked the Senator
the question, whether he expected to resume
specie payments by the act of taking up all the
currency by contraction, or whether this con-
traction should stop before we reached that
point and the resumption be accomplished then
by some other method, and I understood the
Senator to be ,in favor of stopping short of
that point.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator mistook
me altogether. The idea communicated in the
question and in my answer was precisely what
I have stated. It is a mere matter of opinion.
Mr. MORTON. I accept the explanation
the Senator makes. Now, sir, the Senator
from New York ably argues that this bill if
certain other words are not inserted in it will
amount to BOthing unless it is accepted as
meaning something that is not contained in it,
as meaning that it is the entering wedge to
expansion. Sir, what is the foundation for
that opinion? The Secretary now has the
power to contract. He said to us in the
month of December that he would not con-
tract during that month, nor would he contract
during this month, if I remember correctly,
on account of the condition of the Treasury,
and that he would suspend contraction until
some action was taken by Congress; but if the
Senate shall refuse to pass this bill it will be
an instruction to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to go on with his contraction whenever he
is able to do so, by saying to him that Con-
gress i« divided in opinion on the question,
and therefore he is left free to exercise his
discretion. It is to meet that precise question
and that state of the case that we propose to
take from him this power. The country wants
to know what is to be the policy on this point,
not to leave it to Mr. McCulloch's convenience
to contract this month or the next, but to fix
a policy by saying that he cannot contract at
all. If we leave the question in its present
position it is not settled j the country does
not know what to rely upon, because the very
division in Congress, the very failure to pass
this bill, will be saying to the Secretary that as
Congress is divided in opinion he can exercise
his discretion on the subject. He would be
authorized so to interpret it, and so he would
interpret it. j
Mr. President, I am not among those who
are in favor of the indefinite postponement of
specie payment. I believe that we must come
to it within some reasonable time. We can-
not do it now. It has been said that the way
to resume specie payment is to resume at once.
Sir, we cannot resume now; nor do I believe
we can resume in a year or two years. We
ought to come to it gradually by having a time '
fixed; and 1 do not believe that that time
should be fixed short of three years. But it is
not necessary now to argue that question.
Sir, this country is in a bad condition com-
mercially, in great part for two reasons: first,
because we attempted too rapidly to pay off
the national debt, and thereby greatly ex- j
hausted our people; and secondly, because |
contraction was made too fast. There is no j
country in history that ever contracted its cur- i
reney so rapidly as we have done in the last [
three years. We have gone too fast—not but
what contraction was necessary, not but what
we must get back at some time to a specie
basis; but we were bound to look at the state ;
of affairs; we were bound to accept the situa- I
tion of the country at the end of the war.
Some of our financiers were very sanguine at
that time. It was thought we could pay off ,
the national debt in ten years; some said in
twenty years certainly; and I believe some
very enthusiastic and earnest bond-holders in
the city of New York proposed to subscribe
their bonds and make a grand bonfire of them,
and thus pay off a great portion of the debt at
once; but that they never did. We found this
country in a bad condition, with a heavy load
of debt and a large volume of currency three
years ago. We should have come down more
gradually. We could not do all things at once.
It is the attempt to rapidly return to specie
payments and to rapidly pay the national debt
that is in great part the cause of the present
condition of things.
But, sir, it is said that this bill will be accepted
by the country as an earnest of expansion. Al-
low me to say that if it has that effect it will be
the result of the efforts of the opponents of the
bill in this body. When this bill first passed the
House nobody thought throughout the whole
country; so far as I can learn, that it was the
entering wedge of expansion ; and the first
intimation I ever heard of that in Wall street,
New York, was the day after the Vote had been
taken on the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Vermont. If the opponents of this
bill shall insist and shall be able to make the
country believe that it is the entering wedge to
expansion the responsibility will be theirs, not
oars.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Senator whether
he thinks that anybody would have been dis-
turbed by the matter if he and his friends had
voted in favor of my amendment stating to the
country that we did not mean to expand?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir, if we had gone
Outside of this bill to settle that question. If
the Senator from Ohio had moved as an amend-
ment the bill reported by him from the Com-
mittee on Finance, and we had not accepted
that amendment, it would be heralded through-
out the country that we had voted down the bill
reported by the Senator from Ohio. If the
Senator from Missouri had attempted to liitch
on as an amendment to this bill liis amend-
ment to the bill reported by the Senator from
Ohio in regard to f unding the debt, and we had
refused to accept the amendment, itmight have
been said that we had rejected the amendment
offered by the Senator from Missouri; but we
. have done none of these things, because we pro-
pose to confine this bill to the simple purpose
of suspending an existing law. It cannot be
made to say that we are in favor of other things.
If there was a law authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to expand the currency that
would be a different thing; but there is no such
law. If there was no law authorizing contrac-
tion we would not have to talk about this ; we
would have no bill here on that subject. But
we are dealing with a law, while this amend-
ment proposes not to deal with a law but sim-
ply with a matter of public opinion. Now, sir,
it is the safest rule in regard to this matter and
all other important bills of this kind to confine
it to the particular subject in hand. I am not
in favor of going out now to give an opinion
upon the expansion of the currency, or upon
funding the debt, or upon a three pfer cent,
bond, or a five percent, bond, or on any other
question that is not involved in the simple ques-
tion of preventing the further contraction of
the currency.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Indiana
cannot be ignorant of the fact that the public,
by some strange delusion, connect the question
of expansion with the question of contraction.
They seem to be so infirm in intellect as to
suppose that there is some logical and business
relation between the question of whether we
will stop where we are or whether we will con-
tinue to go down or whether we will rise.
That is their fault, no doubt; but still it is a
delusion which they cherish. Now, I think
they might receive some comfort if the Senator
from Indiana had told us in the course of his
speech against further contraction, on the
ground that the business of the country re-
quires all the currency that we have, whether
or not he believes that the business of the coun-
try requires more currency ; but he fails to do it.
He tells us you must look only on this par-
ticular part of the picture; you must only hold
in your hand one half of the pair of shears at a
time ; that if you are to determine how much
currency you are to float you must consider,
when the question is up, only the point whether
you will atop further contraction; that you
haVe no right to consider the question whether
the present volume is sufficient or deficient or
in excess, but you must shut your eyes to
everything except the naked proposition that
there shall be no further discretion in the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to contract. Now, I
confess, Mr. President, that I am one of that
part of the community who are intellectually
unable to see that these questions are separable
in substance. I am unable to perceive how
we can fairly and justly consider the propriety
of sayingthat the volume of United States notes
shall t>e $356,000,000 without considering the
question, involved in that necessarily, whether
they ought to be less, as they may be under
existing laws under certain circumstances, or
whether they ought to be more, as I think they
maybe under existing laws and as we all agree
that they may be to the extent of $50,000,000,
which is called the reserve. Now, is there not
fairly involved in this discussion without its
being forced into it, but necessarily and logic-
ally involved in it, the question whether we
ought to retain this discretionary power in the
Secretary of the Treasury to inflate the cur-
rency to the extent of $50,000,000?
This bill has been pressed upon us on the
ground that it was dangerous to repose in any
officer of the Government, in one man, a dis-
cretionary power to contract the circulation at
the rate of $4,000,000 a month; and yet the
very gentlemen who maintain that argument
with so much vigor are willing and determined
that there shall be left in his hands the power
to expand it to the extent of $50,000,000 in a
