1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
material alteration might very seriously change
the meaning of the bill. We have no proposi-
tion to make and no amendment to offer
except this.
Mr. SUMNER. If I should not interfere,
then, with the plans of the Senator, I will pro-
ceed now.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
Mr. SUMNER. After a tempest sweeping
Sea and land, strewing the coast with wrecks,
and tumbling houses to the ground, nature
must become propitious before the energy of
man can repair the various losses. Time must
intervene. At last ships are launched again and
houses are built, in larger numbers and fairer
forms than before. A tempest has swept over
us, scourging in every direction ; and now that
its violence has ceased we are occupied in the
woik of restoration. Nature is already propi-
tious, and time, too, is silently preparing the
way, wh;le the national energies are applied to
the work.
To know what to do we must comprehend
the actual condition of things and how it was
bi ought about. All this is easy to see, if we
will only look.
FINANCIAL QUESTION A PABT OP TIIE POLITICAL.
It is a mistake of too constant occurrence to
treat the financial question by itself, without
considering iis dependence upon theabnormal
condi lion through which I he country has pas?ed.
The financial question, in all its branches, de-
pends upon I he political, and cannot bo sepa-
rated from it. 1 might use stronger language.
It is a part of the political question, and now
thai reconstruction seems about to be accom-
plished, it is that enduring part which still
remains.
THE REBELLION AND ITS CONSEQUENCES, TOLITICAL
AND FINANCIAL.
Our present responsibilities, whether politi-
cal or financial, have a common origin in that
vast rebellion, whentbept-opleofeleven States,
maddened by slavery, rose against (he Nation.
As ihe rebellion was wiihouf example in its
declaied object, so it was without example in
the extent and intensity of its operations. It
Knight nothing less than the dismemberment
of our ISation and the establishment, of a new
power wills slavery as its (jiiickening principle.
The desperate means enlisted by such a cause
could lie encountered only by the most strenu-
ous exeitions, in the name of country and of
Human Rights. Here was slavery, barbarous,
brutal, vindictive, warring for recognition. The
tempest or tornado can typify only feebly the
ravage that ensued. There were days of dark-
ness and d'-spair, when the national existence
was in peril. Rebel armies menaced the Cap-
itol. and slavery seemed about to vindicate its
wicked supremacy.
Looking at the scene in its political aspects,
we behold one class of disorders; and look-
ing at it in its financial aspects, we behold still
another; both together constituting a fearful
sum total, where financial disorder mingles
wiili political. Turn, first, to the political,
and you will see States, one after the other
renouncing their relations with the Nation, and
constituting a new government, under the
name of confederacy, with a new constitu-
tion, making slavery its corner-stone; all of
which they sought to maintain by arms, while,
in aggravation of these perils, Foreign Powers
gave ominous signs of speedy recognition and
support,. Look, next, to the financial side, and
you will see business in some places entirely
prostrate, in others suddenly assuming new
lorms ; immense interests destroyed; property
annihilated; the whole people turned from the
thoughts of pence to the thoughts of war ; vast
armies *et on foot, in which the youthful and
fctron^ were changed from producers to destroy-
ers, while life itself was consumed ; an unpre-
cedented taxation, commensurate with the
unprecedented exigency ; and all this followed
by the common incident ot war in other coun-
tries and times, first, the creation of a national
dfbt, and, secondly, the substitution of incon-
vertible paper as a currency. In this catalogue
of calamities, political and financial, who shall
say which was the worst? Certainly, it is diffi-
cult. to distinguish between them. Oiie grew
out, of the other, so that they belong together i
and Constitute one group, all Serived ultimately
from the rebellion, and directly depending upon
it. So long as slavery continued in arms, each
aud all waxed in vastness; and now, so long
as any of these remain, they testily to this
same unnatural crime. The tax-gatherer, tak-
ing so much from honest industry, was born
of the rebellion. Inconvertible paper, derang-
ing the business of the country at home and
abroad, had the same monstrous birth. Our
enormous taxation is only a prolongation of
the rebellion. Every greenback is red with
the blood of fellow-citizens.
To repair these calamities, political and
financial, the first stage was the overthrow of
the rebellion in the field, thus enabling the Na-
tion to reduce itsarmament.s, to arrest, its accu-
mulating debt, and to cease anxiety on account
of foreign intervention so constantly menaced.
Thus relieved, we were brought, to a resting
place, and the nation found itself in condition
to begin the work of restoration!
POLITICAL RECONSTRUCTION.
Foremost catne the suppression of slavery,
in which the rebellion had its origin. Common
prudence, to say nothlngof common humanity,
required this consummation, without which
there would have been a short lived truce only.
So great a change necessarily involved other
changes, while there was the ever-present, duty
to obtain from the defeated rebels, if not
indemnity for the past at, least security for the
future. It was impossible to stop with the
suppression of slavery. That whole barbarous
code of wrong and outrage, whose first article
was the denial of all rights to an oppressed
r^ce. was grossly inconsistent with the new
order of things. Itwas necessary that it should
yield to the Equal Rights of All, promised by
the Declaration of Independence. The citizen,
lifted from slavery, must be secured in all his
rights, civil and political. Loyal governments,
republican in form, must be substituted lor
rebel governments. All this being done, the
States, thus transformed, will assume once
more their ancient relations to the Na'.ion.
This is the work of political reconstruction,
constituting the new stage after the overthrow
of the rebellion.
FINANCIAL RECONSTRUCTION DEPENDS ON POLITICAL.
Meanwhile there has been an effort and a
longing for financial reconstructiovi also—
sometimes without sufficiently reflecting that
there can be small chance for any success in
this direction until after political reconstruc-
tion. Here also we must follow nature, and
restore by removing the disturbing cause.
This is the natural process. Vain all attempt
to reconstruct the national finances while the
rebellion was still in arms. This must be
obvious to all. Vain also while slavery still
domineered. Vain also while Equal Rights
are without a sure defense against the op-
pressor. Vain also while the Nation still pal-
pitates with its efforts to obtnin security for
the future. Vain also until the States are all
once more harmonious in their native spheres,
like the planets, receiving and dispensing
light.
Nothing is more sensitive than credit, which
is the essential element of financial restora-
tion. A breath will make it flutter. How
can you expect to restore the national credit,
now unnaturally sensitive, while the Nation is
still uneasy from those rebel pretensions, which
have cost so much ? Security is the first con-
dition of financial reconstruction ; and I am
at a loss to find any road to it, except through
political reconstruction. All this seems so
plain, that I ought to apologize for dwelling
on it. And yet there are many, who, while
professing a desire for an improvement in our
financial condition, perversely turn their backs
upon the only means by which this can be
accomplished. Never was there equal folly.
Language cannot picture it. Every deuial of
Equal Rights —every impediment t'd a just
reconstruction in conformity with (he Declara-
tion of independence—evia-y pretension of a
" white man's government"-in horrid mockery
of self-evident, truths declared by out fathers,
and of that brotherhood of mankind declared
by the sermon on Mars' Hill—is a bar to that -
financial reconstruction without -which the Re-
bellion still lingers among us. So long as a
dollar of irredeemable paper is forced upon
the country, the Rebellion still lives—in its
spurious progeny.
Party organization and Presidential antag-
onism have thus far stood in the way, while at
each stage individual perverseness has played
its part. The President has set himself obsti-
nately against political reconstruction ; so also
has the Democratic party. Others have fol-
lowed, according to the prejudices of their
nature; and so the national finances have
suffered. Not the least of the offenses of
Andrew Johnson is the adverse influence he
has exerted on this question. All that he has
done from the beginning has tended to pro-
tract the rebellion and to extend the disorder
of our finances. And yet there are many not
indifferent to the latter, who have looked with
indifference upon his criminal conduct. So
far as their personal interests depended on an
improved condition of the finances, they have
already suffered; but it is hard that the coun-
try should suffer also. Andrew Johnson has
postponed specie payments, and his supporters
of all degrees must share the responsibility.
Such is my confidence in the resources of
our country, in the industry of its people, and
in the grandeur of its destinies, that 1 cannot
doubt, the transcendent future. Alas! that it
should lie interiupted by unwise counsels, even
for a day. Financial reconstruction is post-
poned only. It must come at last. Here I
have no panacea that is not as simple as nature.
I know of 110 device or trick or medicine by
which this cure can be accomplished. It will
come with the general health of the body politic.
It will come with the renovated life of the
Nation, when it is once more complete in
form, when every part is in sympathy with^the
whole, and the rebellion, with all its offspring,
is trampled out forever. In such a condition
of affairs, inconvertible paper would be an
impossibility, as much as a bill of sale for a
human being.
FAIT1I TO BE KEPT WITH TIIE NATIONAL FREEDMEN.
Meanwhile there are certain practical points
which must not be forgotten. Foremost among
these I put the absolute dependence of the
national finances upon the faithful performance
of all our obligations to the national freedmen.
Pardoned rebels will never look with compla-
cency upon the national debt, or the inteiest
which testifies semi-annually to its magnitude.
Their political colleagues at the North will be
apt to sympathize with them. Should thescnles
at any time hang doubtful it is to others that
we must turn to adjust the balance. Therefore,
for the sake of the national finances, I insist
that the national freedmen shall be secured
and maintained in Equal Rights, so that local
prejudices and party cries shall be unavailing
against them. You who have at heart the
national credit, on which so much depends,
must never fail to cherish the national freed-
men, treating their enemies as if they were
your enemies. Every blow at them will re-
bound upon yourselves.
DIMINUTION OF TAXATION AND SPECIE PAYMENT BOTH
NECESSARY.
In dealing with the financial question there
are two other points of ever-present importance.
First, the necessity of diminishing, so far as
practicable, the heavy burden of taxation so
oppressive to the people; and, secondly, the
necessity of substituting specie for inconverti-
ble paper. Here are two objects which when
accomplished will add infinitely to the wealth
and happiness of the country, besides being
the assurance that the Nation has at last reached
that condition of repose so much longed for.
TBE PUBLIC FAITH MUST HE SACREDLY PRESERVED.
Before considering these two points in detail,
I tehture t6 remark that there is oiie condition
