1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2mi
Mr. UPSON. Let the resolution be read.
The joint, resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that there shall be allowed and paid out
of any money applicable to the purpose, here-
tofore or hereafter to be appropriated to the
same classes of officers and other persons in
the civil service of the United States Govern-
ment at Washington embraced in the joint res-
olution of Congress entitled " Joint resolution
giving additional compensation to certain
employes in the civil service of the Govern-
ment at Washington," passed February 28,
1867, an additional compensation of twenty
per cent, on their respective salaries as fixed
by law, or where no salary is fixed by law
upon their pay respectively from and after the
8Uth day of June, 18U7, to the 30th of June,
1868. But if any such officer or other person
shall have performed service for less than one
year, he is to be alio wed the twenty per cent,
only upon the actual sum he shall have received
for such service. So much of ajieh additional
compensation as may be due to the employ6s
of the Patent Office is to be paid out of the
funds of that office. The resolution is not to
apply to persons whose salaries as fixed by law
exceed ij>2,600 per annum. No person who
has served in the confederate army, so called, is
to be entitled to the additional compensation.
The resolution includes such persons as have
been employed in any capacity as laborers in
any of the .Departments.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be considered as read a first and second time,
and the question is on ordering it to be en-
grossed for a third reading, on which the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Washburn] demands
the previous question.
Mr. MULL1NS. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be seconded.
Mr. SELYE." 1 move that the resolution be
laid on the table.
Mr. COBB. I desire to ask a question.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection,
the gentleman can ask the question; but debate
is not in order without unanimous consent.
ijr. COBB. I wish to inquire whether this
resolution includes watchmen on the public
grounds?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I will modify
the resolution by changing the last clause. I
desire it to include every laborer.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I wish to inquire whether
the resolution includes clerks in the commis-
sary department. They are as much entitled
to extra compensation as any others.
Mr. WASHBURN", of Indiana. Itincludes
all persons employed in any capacity in any
department.
Mr. KOONTZ. Does it include the em-
ployes in the Government Printing Office?
Mr. MULLINS. Does it include the tax-
payers, and that twenty per cent, shall be
handed back to them ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I also would like to know
whether it embraces the $900 female clerk-
ships ?
Mr. RANDALL. I object to debate.
The question first recurred on Mr. Selye s
motion to lay upon the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
39, noes 48 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Washburn, of Indiana, and Mr.
Selye.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We will
have to have the yeas and nays; and I demand
them.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas <14, nays 71, not voting
74; as follows:
YJJAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Baker, Beaman,
Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Bromweli, buekland,
Butler. Reader W. Clarke, Coburn, Cook, Covode,
CuHom, Eggleston, Fields, G-etz, Haight, Hardms,
Hill, lioluian,Hulbuid, Judd, Koontz, Laliin. George
V.Lawrence, Lougbridge, Maynard, McCarthy, Mer-
cur, Mullins, Ncwcomb, Nunn. Pile, Polsley, Scotjeld,
Seiye, Taylor,' Upson, Elihu B. Washburne, William
Washburn, Welker, and William Williams 44.
N AYS—Messrs. Ada,ins, Delos Ashley, J amesM.
Ashley, AxteJl, Baldwin, Banks, Barnes, Boyer,
Barr, Cake, Churchill, Cbbb, Cornell, Dawes, Dodge,
Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, EMifidge, Ferriss, Ferry,
Grolladay, Gravely, G-rover, Higby. Hopkins, Hoteh-
kiss, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Julian, Kerr,
Kitchen, Lincoln, Losan, Mallory, Miller, Moore,
Moorhead, Morrell, Morrissey, Myers, Niblaclc,
O'Neill, Paine, Peters, Plants, Pomeroy, Randall,
Raurn, Schenck, Shcllabarger, Sitgreavcs, Stark-*
weather, Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes, Stone, Taber,
TafFe, Thomas, John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Trowbridge, Twichell, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn,
Van Trump, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry D.
Washburn, Windom, and Woodward—71.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Arnell,
Bailey, Barnum, Beck, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Bout-
well, Brooks,Brooniall, Cury,Chauler, Sidney Clarke,
Delano, Dixon, Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth, Finney, Fox,
Garfield, Glossbrenner, Griswold, Ilalsey, Hawkins,
Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter, Jones,
Kelley,Kelsey, Kctcham, Knott, William Lawrenco,
Loan, Lynch, Marshall, Marvin, McClur?, MeCor-
inick, McCullough,Mungen, Myers,Nichobon.Orth,
Perham, Phelps, Pike, Poland, Price, Pruyn, Robert-
son, Robinson, lioss, Sawyer, Shanks, Smith, Spald-
ing, Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Van Aernam, Robert
T. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Thomas Williams,
James F.Wilson, John T.Wilson, Stephen F.Wilson,
Wood, and Woodbridge—74.
So the House refused to lay the joint resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw the demand for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. 1 have not
time.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
4G, noes 38; no quorum voting.
The morning hour expired, and the resolu-
tion went over to Monday next.
RECEPTION OF CHINESE EMBASSY,
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
the motion to lay upon the table the confer-
ence report on the Arkansas hill. But the
Chair will now lay before the House his cor-
respondence with the Chinese embassy.
The Clerk read as follows:
House op Representatives,
Washington, June G, 1860.
Your Excellencies : I am directed by a unani-
mous vote of the lluusc of Representative^ to tender
you a public reception and welcome, at its Repre-
sentative Hall, on Tuesday next, at eleven a.m.,
and to solicityour acceptance thereof. If your duties
allow you to respond favorably, a committee of
members of the House will, at that hour, accompany
you from the Speaker's room to the Ilall.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,
SCHUYLER COLFAX
Speaker*
To the Chinese Embassy,
Metropolitan Motel, 'Washington.
The Chxsesr Legation,
Washington, June 8,1SGS.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your letter of the 6th instant, acquainting me that
the House of Roprosento,tives has been pleased by a
unanimous vote to tender myself and associates a
public reception. ,
We are deeply sensible of the distinguished honor
it is thus proposed to do us ; and we shall not fail to
be in waiting at the Speaker's room at the hour
designated to-morrow morning, , ,
I have the honor to be, sir, your obediont humble
servant- ' ANSON BUliLLNGAME.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker of the llourc of Hepracntutives.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that a committee
of three be appointed.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER, appointed as such commit-
tee Mr. Schexck, ilr. Banks, and Mr. Wood.
Mr. BROOKS. This will be agreat occasion,
and I suggest whether the Speaker should not
invite the Senate to meet us here at that hour.
The SPEAKER. That would have to be
done by resolution of the House.
Mr. BROOKS. I have such a resolution.
This is a great Hall, and will accommodate a
large number of spectators. It will probably
be the only opportunity many will have to see
the Chinese embassy.
Mr. VASHRUENIi, of Illinois. Have the
Senate taken any steps to invite the embassy
to their Hall?
Mr. SCHENCK. It is probable that the
Senate will do so.
Mr. BROOKS. If it does not meet with the
approbation of the House I will not present it.
Mr. BUTLEB. I object.
MESSAGE FKOM TIIB PRESIDENT.
A message from the President, communi-
cated to the House by Colonel VV HXT am (j.
Moore, his Secretary, informed the House
that the President had approved and signed
bills and a joint, resolution of the following
titles, namely:
An act (H. R. No. 658) malting appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1869, and for other purposes ;
An act (H. R. No. 1117) to partially supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the fiscal year ending on the 30tli of
June_, 1868 ; and
A joint resolution (H. It. No. 278) to sup-
ply books and public documents to the national
asylums for disabled volunteer soldiers.
RECUSANT WITNESS.
The SPEAKER. The attorneys of Charles
W. Woolley request the Speaker to present his
petition, which they think will purge his con-
tempt. Any citizen of the United States has
the right to petition the House of Representa-
tives for reference under the rules. But the
Chair, of course, when this is presented to him,
has only the same privilege that any member
of the House has, and no more, to submit it to
the House.
Mr. BUTLER. I object. I move the fol-
lowing resolution, which I send to the Chair.
Mr. NIBLACK. 1 object. There is a privi-
leged motion pending.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 withdraw it until Arkan-
sas is disposed of.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will tlio
gentleman from Indiana allow me to offer a
resolution of inquiry ?
Mr. NIBLACK. I have no objection.
hay contract.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, offered the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
Ilcsolved, That the Committee on Retrenchment be
directed to inquire into all the iaeta and circum-
stances connected with alleged fraudulent hay con-
tracts entered into in 18iH at Port Smith, Arkansas,
by W. J. Chandler, and report to this House.
LEAVE 01' ABSENCE.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Messrs. Peeham, Poland, Cauy, and Vast
Hokx, of New York.
admission 01? arkansas.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
business pending at the adjournment on Satur-
day last, being the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1030) to admit
the State of Arkansas to representation in Con-
gress. No quorum voted on the motionW the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge]
to lay the report on the table. The tellers
[Messrs. Ei.pniDGE and Beaman] will resume
their places.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 20, noes 89.
Mr. ELD1UDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 27, nays 102, not voting
60 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adarns, Axtfll, "Bnrnop, Beck,
Boyer, Brooks, Burr, .Eidndge, (jetr., Guiladay, o-
ver, liaight, Ilolmnn, llotohki-s, Keir.
Morrissey, iublaek, Phelps, Randall. iSn^ieaves,
Taber, Lawrence S. Tiimbie, Van Auken, Van
Trump, Wood and Woodward—2"
Ja 
Benton,
Cake, Ohureuui, ueauur niuiu-> s./;,<n
Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Covode, Cullom, Dawc.^,
Delano, J>odsjc, Donnelly, Dn {g?, Eckiey, Lhol,
i EariiMvorih, Ferris, Ferry, Fields, Gartjold, trravely,
i Grj&wold, llardms, lii^by, Hopkins Jiulburd, Jiun-
I tcr, Ingersoli, «Jcneke.% Judd, Jumi.n, Kitchen,
1 Koontz, Lnlliu, George V. Lawien^e, Lincoln, Lo:m,
j Loyan, Loughviilgc, jUallory, Menard. IvleCariny,
MeClurg, Mercur, Miller, Moore,Moorhead, jJorrell,
Mullin?, Mvcrs, Neweomb, lN'uan, O^oul, lame,
Whm-> PiU> PLviN Pohley, Poineroy, Price, Kaum,
Sawyor, Schenr-k,Seotield.Sclye, Shejlubarcer, Stark-
weather, Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart, fetokes, tafio,
Taylor, Thomas, John Kimble, Trowbridge iwienell,
rn<lvn Vin Aernam. Robert 1. Van iloin, \ an
W vck' Cadwalader C. Washburn. Elihu K. VV ash-
burn o Mem™ D. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Welker William Williams, and Windom 10—
NOT—Messrs. Anderson. Archer, Arnell,
Bailey Baker, Baldwin, Barnum, Bmgham, Bout-
