183&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
M3
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the unfin-
ished business and all prior orders be post-
poned, with a view to take up House bill No.
900, to exempt certain manufactures from in-
ternal tax.
Mr. HOWARD. Allow me to inquire of the
honorable Senator from Ohio if he expects that
bill to be debated at any length. 1 am very
reluctant to have the bill which was under dis-
cussion yesterday postponed. We are very
nearly through with the discussion of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I presume this bill will
lead to debate; but, as a matter of course, the
Senator from Michigan must be aware that the
highest necessities compel us to act upon it,
because the effect of its pendency is to prevent
the production and sale of a great mass of man-
ufactured" articles. In either event, whether
it is to be defeated or passed, it ought to be
taken up and acted upon within a day or two.
I hope it will not take longer than to-day and
to-morrow. It is an important subject, but it
lies in a nutshell.
Mr.- HOWARD. I am quite aware of the
importance of the bill to which the Senator
refers; and I am willing that the order of the day,
the unfinished business of yesterday, should
be laid aside informally for the present.
Mr. DRAKE. I, of course, do not wish to
stand in the way of the bill which the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance desires to
bring up ; but I will make an effort to-morrow
morning to resume the consideration of the
joint resolution which has been pending this
morning in the morning hour.
Mr. POMEROY. If the unfinished business
be laid aside informally it will come up after
the bill of the Senator from Ohio shall be dis-
posed of.
Mr. SHEliMAN. That will take all day.
Mr. POMEROY. It may, or it may not.
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday may be laid aside
informally by unanimous consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to its being laid
aside informally. This practice brings every-
thing into confusion, and we have unfinished
business riding upon unfinished business, so
that for two or three days we do not know
where we are. I object to that practice.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio,
to postpone the unfinished business of yester-
day and all prior orders, for the purpose of
taking' up House bill No. 900.
The motion was agreed to.
TAX ON MANUFACTURES.
The Senate accordingly proceeded, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, to consider the bill (H.
II. No. 900) to exempt certain manufactures
from internal tax.
The first section of the bill proposes to re-
peal sections ninety-four and ninety-five of the
act to provide internal revenue to support the
Government, to pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes, approved June 30,1864,
and all acts and parts of acts amendatory of
those sections, except only so much of those
sections and the amendments thereto as relates
to the taxes imposed thereby on gas made of
coal wholly or in part, or of any other mate-
rial ; on illuminating, lubricating, or other
mineral oils or articles the products of the dis-
tillation, redistillation, or refining of crude
petroleum, or of a single distillation of coal,
shale, peat, asplialtum, or other bituminous
substances; on wines therein described, and
on snuff and all the other manufactures of to-
bacco, including cigarettes, cigars, and che-
roots. The second section provides that noth-
ing in the act contained shall be construed to
repeal or interfere with any law, regulation, or
provision for the assessment or collection of
any tax which, under existing laws, may accrue
before the 1st of April, 18G8.
The Committee on Finance propose to amend
the bill by striking out the word "and" in line
fifteen of section one and adding to that section
the following words:
On turpentine, on coffee, roasted or ground, and
articles intended as substitutes for coffee, spices, and
mustard, on refined sugars, and on the products of
sugar refineries, on sugar candy arid confectionery,
and on diamonds, emeralds, precious stones, and im-
itations thereof, and on all jewelry.
Mr. SHERMAN. The importance of this
bill justifies a statement of the facts on which
it is based, to which I ask the attention of each
Senator, so that I shall not have to repeat what
I say, as I desire to be as brief as possible.
It has been the desire of the Committee on
Finance to reduce the taxes as rapidly as the
public service would allow. Ever since the
war, at each session, Congress has been en-
abled to throw off more or less internal taxes,
and we hoped that at an 'early period of this
session Congress would repeal a considerable
amount of taxes. At the beginning of the ses-
sion the Committee on Finance were disposed
to report a bill for the repeal of the ninety-
fourth section of the internal tax law, which
imposes the great mass of taxes on domestic
manufactures, but the House of Representa-
tives, who must originate revenue bills, deemed
it best to make a general revision of the inter-
nal revenue law, and this has delayed our
action. They now find that the task is so
great that thoy are not able to complete the
work by the 1st of April, and hence they have
sent to us a short bill repealing the taxes em-
braced in section ninety-four of the internal
revenue act, with some few exceptions. We
are now called upon to consider that bill.
The estimates of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, contained in his annual report, show
clearly that we arc able to throw off some taxes.
In his estimate for the next fiscal year he puts
the aggregate receipts at $381,000,000, and the
aggregate expenditures at $372,000,000; but
this estimate of expenditures is made upon the
extravagant basis of previous expenditures.
He says:
" The foregoing estimates aro rnado on the general
average of the receipts and expenditures for the past
nino months. The Secretary is hopeful, however,
that Congress "will take measures to largely reduce
expenditures in all branches of the service, so that
a steady reduction of the debt may continue."
In the same report he estimates a surplus
i-evenue for the present fiscal year of some-
thing like twenty-five million dollars ; so that
to the extent of this surplus revenue it is
clearly our duty to throw off taxes. But, aside
from that, his estimate of expenditures has
been already largely reduced by Congress in
many items to which I shall call the attention
of the Senate; so that, on the basis of the
Secretary's own estimates, we aro able to throw
off taxes to the amount of $30,000,000, chiefly
because of the reduction of appropriations
already made. Since his annual report was
made the Secretary of the Treasury has very
materially changcd his estimates of the income
tor the present year. I have before me a
table containinghis revised statement and esti-
mate for the present fiscal year, which shows
a very great difference between the published'
estimates and the estimates as now revised.
From a comparison it appears that the total
amount of receipts, according to the estimates
sent to us in December, was $417,101,028,
and the total amount of expenditures for the
present fiscal year was $393,209,226, making a
surplus of about twenty-four millions. Yester-
day, however, I received from the Secretary of
the Treasury the revised estimate, based.upon
actual receipts and actual expenditures, show-
ing that tlieamount of receipts according to the
revised estimates will be $380,871,471, a dimi-
nution from the estimates of $80,290,491, but
the expenditures also have been diminished,
though not in so great a proportion. They
were estimated, according to the annual re-
port, at $393,209,226 ; they are now estimated
at $379,064,284, still showing a surplus of re-
ceipts over expenditures during the current
year.
Mr. HENDERSON. Of how much ?_
Mr. SHERMAN. Between seven and eight
millions.
Mr. GRIMES. Where do the diminished
expenditures come from ? Where does he
suppose we shall save so much ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will come to that pres-
ently. I simply show upon the statements as
they now stand, without going into the details,
that there is a surplus revenue which may be
diminished, unless it is the sense of Congress
that the present rate of expenditure should be
continued, or unless this surplus revenue
should be applied to the reduction of the pub-
lic debt.
Admitting, therefore, that we may reduce
the taxes somewhat, the question is, upon
what principles may they be reduced and to
what extent. In the reduction of taxes those
which bear most heavily upon domestic pro-
duction should first be thrown off. This prin-
ciple has been applied ever since the war. At
the last session of Congress we repealed a great
mass of internal taxes on domestic industry;
and at the preceding session we also reduced
largely the taxes on domestic industry. The
chief taxes of this kind that are still levied are
embraced in the ninety-fourth section of the
internal revenue act, and average from three
to five per cent, on most of the manufactures
of iron, leather, wood, and other materials, and
which are the most useful articles and imple-
ments of life. It is proposed now to repeal
these taxes; and the question arises whether
the condition of the public Treasury would
justify us in doing so.
And here, Mr. President, I am compelled to
look a little more carefully into the necessary
expenses of the Government. I trust Senators,
in this matter of dry detail, will see that it is
necessary for me to recite these facts, which
are probably familiar to them, in order to pre-
sent the question fairly. In examining the
necessary expenditures for the next fiscal year
we find that $200,779,000 are items that are
irreducible, that cannot be controlled or
affected by the legislation of Congress. It is
absolutely necessary to provide for them.
The first item is the public debt, and in-
terest on the public debt, which I have put
down at $135,000,000. The interest on the
public debt is §129,678,078 50. According
to the bill reported from the Finance Com-
mittee, it is proposed that the smallest sum
that shall be applied now to the reduction of
the principal of the debt shall be a little over
five million dollars. So that we may say that
$135,000,000 aro absolutely necessary for the
purpose of paying the interest on the public
debt, and the smallest possible sum that has
yet been proposed to apply to the payment
of the principal. It requires for pensions
$30,330,000. It requires for permanent appro-
priations for collecting revenue and refunding
duties $9,969,000. It requires for bounties
provided for under existing law, which will be
paid during the next fiscal year, $25,500,000,
making an aggregate of $200,799,000 which
must be provided for, and which no act of
Congress can alter or change. They are be-
yond our power unless we repeal the bounty
law, which I suppose would be impracticable.
I will here call attention to the fact that
sometimes, without our notice and without re-
flection, bills are passed which very largely in-
crease the expenditures. As an instance of it
I will state that the bill reported not long since
by the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, giving to the widows and soldiers the
bounty provided for by the bounty acts will
require the expenditure of several million
dollars. I will not give the precise figures now,
because they are in the course of computation.
I am directed by the Committee on Finance
to report a bill to repeal that bounty act if it
should amount, as 1 suppose it will, to many
million dollars. I hope the Senate, when it
is reported, will remember that it is excluded
from all calculations made by me.
The expenditures that are within the reach
of Congress and which may be modified or
changed, increased or reduced, are estimated
by the committee at $150,934,184; and I may
pay that in making np this aggregate the Com-
mittee on Finance have consulted the Com-
mittee on Appropriations—have ascertained
the amount of appropriations already provided
