3962
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLGBE.
July M*
preliminary in character and equally essential
to both, through which taxation will be light-
ened and specie payments will be hastened, I
ret'er to the Public Faith, which must be sa-
credly preserved above all question or suspicion.
The word of our Nation must be as good as its
bond; and nobody must attempt to take a
tittle from either. Nothing short of universal
wreck can justify any such bankruptcy. Let
the Public Faith be preserved, and all that you
now seek will be easy.
A virtuous king of early Rome dedicated a
temple in the capital itself to a Divinity under
the name of Publico, Fides, who was repre-
sented with a wreath of laurel about her head,
carrying ears of corn and a basket of fruit—
typical of honor and abundance sure to follow
in her footprints. In the same spirit another
temple was dedicated to the god Terminus,
who presided over boundaries. The stones set
up to mark the limits of estates were sacred,
and on these very stones there were religious
offerings to the god. The heathen maledic-
tions upon the violator were echoed also by
the Hebrews when they said, "Cursed belie
that removeth his neighbor's landmark, and
all the people shall say, Amen." (Deut., ch.
xxvii., v. 57.) In those early Roman and
Hebrew days there was no national debt divided
into bonds; there was nothing but land. But
a national bond is as well-defined as a piece
of land. Here, then, is a place for the god
Terminus. Every obligation is like a land-
mark not to be removed without curses. Here
also is a place for that other Divinity, Publico,
Fides, with laureled head, and hands filled
with corn and fruit.
Public Faith may be seen in the evil which
springs from its loss and in the good which
overflows from its preservation. It is like
honor, and yet once lost, more than dishonor
is the consequence; once assured, more than
honor is the reward. It is a possession sur-
passing all others in value. The gold and silver
in your Treasury may be counted; it stands
recorded, dollar for dollar, in the national
ledger, but the suras which the unsuspected
credit of a magnanimous Nation can command
are beyond the record of any ledger. Public
Faith is more than mines of silver or gold.
Only from Arabian story can a fit illustration
be found, as when, after all human effort had
failed, the genius of the lamp reared the costly
palace and stored it with beauty. Public Faith
is in itself a treasury, a tariff, and an internal
revenue, all in one. These you may lose; but
if the other is preserved it will be only for a
day. The Treasury will be replenished; the
tariff will be renewed; the internal revenue
will be restored. With Public Faith as an
unfailing law, the nation, like Pactolus. will
sweep over golden sands, or, like Midas, it will
change into gold whatever it touches. Keep,
then, the Public Faith as the "open sesame"
to all that you can desire ; keep it as you would
keep the philosopher's stone of fable, having
which you have all.
And yet, in the face of this plain command-
ment, on which hangs so much of all that is
most prized in national existence, we are
called to break faith. It is proposed to tax
the national bonds, in violation of the ori-
ginal bargain on which the money was lent.
Sometimes the tax is to be by the Nation and
sometimes by the States. The power to do this
wrong you may possess ; but the right never.
Do what you will, there is one thing you cannot
do: you cannot make wrongright. Itisinvain
that you undertake to set aside the perpetual
obligation which you have assumed. Against
every such pretension, whether by speech or
vote, there is this living duty, which will survive
Congress and politician alike. Puny as the hand
of a child is the effort to undo this original bar-
gain. The Nation has promised six per cent,
interest, payable semi-annually in coin, nor
more nor less without any abatement, and then
having bound itself, it proceeds to guard against
the States by declaring specifically that the
bonds shall be " exempt from taxation by or
under State authority." Such is the
There it is ; and it must continue unchanged,
except by the consent of the parties, until the
laws of the universe tumble into chaos.
The rogu«|in Shakspeare exclaims, "What
a fool is honesty 1 and trust, his sworn brother, a
very simple gentleman 1" In equal levity it is
said, tax the bonds, although, by the original
bargain on which the money was obtained,
amid the trials of war, for the safety of the
Nation, it was expressly stipulated that these
bonds should not be taxed. Nevertheless, tax
the bonds. Of course, by taxing the bonds, the
bargain is brutally broken ; and this, too, after
the Nation has used the money. Such a transac-
tion in common life, except where bankruptcy
had supervened, would be intolerable. A
proud nation justly sensitive to national honor,
as the great Republic, through whose example
liberal institutions are commended to man-
kind, cannot do this thing.
The proposition to tax the bonds, in open vio-
lation of the original bargain, is similar in spirit
to that other enterprise, which, under various
discordant ensigns, proposes to pay the national
bonds with inconvertible paper. Here at once
and on the threshold Public Faith interposes a
summary protest. On such a question debate
even is dangerous ; the man who doubts is lost.
The money was borrowed and lent on the
undoubting faith that it was to be paid in coin.
Nothing to the contrary was suggested, imag-
ined, or dreamed, at the time. Behind all forms
of language and even all omissions, this obli-
gation stands forth, in the nature of the case,
explained and confirmed by the history of our
national loans and by the official acts of succes-
sive Secretaries of the Treasury interpreting
the obligations of the Nation.
NO PAYMENT OF BONDS BY GREENBACKS.
So much stress is laid upon the language of
the five-twenties that I cannot let it pass. The
terms employed were precisely those in pre-
vious bonds of the United States where the
principal was paid in coin; some of which are
still outstanding. Had there been any doubt
about the meaning it was fixed by the general
understanding and by special declarations of
responsible persons speaking for the Nation.
On 26th May, 1803, Mr. Harrington, the Assist-
ant Secretary of the Treasury, in an official
letter, says: "These bonds will, therefore, be
paid in gold." On 15th February, 1864, Mr.
Field, also Assistant Secretary of the Treasury,
writes: "I am directed by the Secretary to say
that it is the purpose of the Government to pay
said bonds, like other bonds of the United
States, in coin at maturity." On 18th May,
1864, Mr. Chase, at the time Secretary of the
Treasury, wrote: " These bonds, according to
the usage, of the Government, aie payable in
coin." Mr. Fessenden, while Secretary of the
Treasury, in his annual report to Congress,
expressed the same conclusion ; and his suc-
cessor, Mr. McCulloch, in a letter of 15th May,
1866, says: "I regard, as did also my prede-
cessors, all bonds of the United States as pay-
able in coin." There are also numerous ad-
vertisements from the Treasury and from its
business agents, all in the same sense.
Here is a succession of authorities embracing
high functionaries of the United States, all
concurring in affixing upon these bonds the
obligation to pay in coin. As testimony to the
meaning of the bonds, it is important; but con-
sidering that all these persons represented the
national Treasury, and that they were the
agents of the Nation for the sale of these very
bonds, their representations are more than
testimony. Until their authority is disowned
by Congress and their representations dis-
carded, it is difficult to see why their language
must not be treated as part of the contract, at
least in all sales subsequent to its publication.
The Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] ap-
parently feeling the pressure of thisargument,
explicitly says that " Congress never acqui-
esced," thus admitting the force of acqui-
escence, if it could be shown, and he then
adds that Congress "was not in session when
any portion of this loan was sold.'' Congress ad-
journed on the 17th of July, 1863 ; but the letter
of Assistant Secretary Harrington of the 26th
May, antedates this adjournment nearly two
months, during which lime Congress might
have set aside this explicit representation that
the bonds would be " paid in gold." It did no
such thing, and the sales were proceeded with.
It must not be forgotten that these original
sales were mainly to bankers and brokers and
in large amounts for the purpose of resale to
small purchasers seeking investments. It was
in reply to parties interested in these resales
that the subsequent letters of Assistant Secre-
tary Field and of Mr. Chase were written,
pledging the Nation to payment in coin. At
the date of these important letters Congress
was in session, and although the opportunity
was constant, there was no .protest against the
meaning thus authoritatively affixed to these
obligations. The bonds were in the market,
advertised and sold daily, with a value estab-
lished by the representations of these national
agents; and Congress did not interfere to set
aside these representations. By subsequent
acts, similar loans were authorized and nobody
protested. There was the supplementary
clause of 3d March, 1864, for the issue of
eleven millions of these bonds to cover an
excess subscribed above the amount author-
ized by the original act. This was debated in
the Senate on the 1st March, 1864; but you
will search the Olobe in vain for any protest.
Then came other acts, at different dates, by
which the loan was further enlarged to its pres-
ent extent, and all the time these representa-
tions were uncontradicted. Against them
there was no act of Congress, no protest,
nothing. If this is not " acquiescence," then
I am at a loss to know how acquiescence can
be shown. Therefore do I insist that these
representations are a part of the contract by
which the Nation is bound.
It is said that, in the fi ve-twenty bonds, there
are words promisiug interest in coin, but nothing
with regard to the principal. Forgetting the
contemporary understanding and the official
interpretation, and assuming that at maturity the
bond is no better than a greenback, it becomes
important to know the character of this obliga-
tion. On its face a greenback is a promise to
pay a certain number of dollars. It is paper,
and it promises to pay " dollars." Here is an
example which I take from my pocket: "The
United States promise to pay to the bearer
Jive dollars." Not five dollars in paper, or in
some other subsiituted promise; but "five
dollars," which can mean nothing else than
the coin known over the world with the stamp
of Spain. Mexico, and the United States,
being a fixed value, which passes current in
every zone and at the antipodes. The "dol-
lar" is an established measure of value, like
the five-franc piece of France, or the pound
sterling of England. As well say that, on a
promise to pay so many francs in France, or
so many pounds sterling in England, you could
honestly acquit yourself by handing over a
scrap of printed paper, inconvertible in value.
This could not be done. The promise in our
greenbacks carries with it an ultimate obliga-
tion to pay the silver dollar, whose chink is so
familiar in the commerce of the world. The
convertibility of the greenback is for the present
suspended; but when paid, it must be in coin.
To pay with another promise is to renew, and
not to discharge the debt. But the obligation
in our bonds is to pay " dollars" also, whenever
the bonds are paid; it may be after five years,
or, in the discretion of the Nation, not till
twenty years. But when paid it must be in
"dollars." Such is the stipulation ; nor could
the addition of "coin" or "gold" essentially
change this obligation. It is contrary to rea-
son that a bond should be paid in an inferior
obligation. It is dishonest to force inconvert-
ible paper without interest in payment of an
interest-bearing obligation. The statement of
the case is enough. Such an attempt disturbs
the reason and shocks the moral sense.
Between the bond and the greenback, there
is an obvious distinction, doubly-attested by
the act of Congress creating them both; for
