1914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
for by law, and have estimated and computed
those likely to be provided for, and have put
the amount at $150,934,184, composed first of
general appropriation bills which we compute
at $123,265,000, allowing for a considerable
addition to the bills as they passed the House
of Representatives.
In many cases they were reduced to such an
extent that the officers of the Government
would be unable to carry on the operations of
the Government. We have also added the
appropriations for the current year that will
not be expended until the next year, details
of which are contained in the book of appro-
priations, amounting to $24,609,184. Then
we estimate private bills and judgments of the
Court of Claims at $3,000,000. That, as a
matter of course, is an indefinite quantity which
we have no control over except as Congress
from time to time provide for these bills. These
items make an aggregate of $150,934,184. But
Congress may reduce this sum from ten to thirty
million dollars according as they deem the exi-
gency of the public service requires. The ap-
propriations that lap over from one year to
another are mostly of a character that can be
suspended if it is desired. For instance, at,
the last session we appropriated some six or
seven million dollars for the improvement of
rivers and harbors, the great body of which is
not expended. We provided, also, very large
sums for public buildings, the great body of
which has not been expended, but in some
cases contracts have been made.
The $24,000,000 of lapping appropriations
are composed mainly of items which Congress
might suspend by repealing the laws under
which they are being contracted. Congress
might possibly reduce the aggregate that I have
here stated $20,000,000 ; but to do so it would
be necessary to repeal the acts authorizing the
expenditures. The mere failure to appropri-
ate will not stop the expenditure. Sometimes
it is supposed that the leduction of an appro-
priation bill will stop the expenditures ; but it
is not so. The law providing for the expendi-
ture remains, and the money has to be supplied
by deficiency bills. The only way, therefore,
to reduce this estimate is in the manner I have
stated, by repealing the acts which authorized
the expenditure. It is proper that I should
state that in making these estimates 1 have
made the additions liberal, because I know that
Congress, while they often talk economy, when
they come to pass laws do not always practice
it. _ I have, therefore, made a considerable ad-
dition to the appropriation bills as furnished
by tlie Senator from Maine, [Mr. Moiuull.]
And yet, allowing the highest estimate, the
expenditures for the next fiscal year cannot
exceed $351.773.1!-1, and they may be reduced
from ten to thirty million dollars, according as
Congress may deem the exigencies of the public
service demand.
Now, Mr. President, the question is, what
are our sources of revenue, and what ueeesnaiy
taxes must be maintained? The first item and
tlie largest item of receipts is the duties on cus-
toms. The Secretary of the Treasury estimates
them at $145,000,000 for the next fiscal year.
After a careful review I think that estimate
may be maintained. It is true I have a letter
herefrom the Secretary of the Treasury recall-
ing that estimate, stating that if we repeal the
taxes on domestic industry the effect will be to
largely increase domestic products anil thus
reduce importations. No doubt it will have
that effect to some extent; bat still the receipts
from customs during the present and last fiscal
year have been largely in excess of his esti-
mates. It is very difficult to tell what will be
the effect of the repeal of internal taxes upon
importations. If by repealing these taxes on
domestic industry we encourage our own in-
dustry and thus supply the market now occu-
pied by foreign products, to that extent the
country will get a great benefit if the revenue
does not. A measure that increases the reve-
nue is often very injurious to the country, and
if the effect of this measure should be what the
Secretary of the Treasury now anticipates, the
people may consider themselves fortunate in
substituting in place of foreign products the pro-
ducts of our own industry. We therefore see
no necessity to change the estimates made by
the Secretary and place the receipts from duties
on imported goods at $145,000,000.
The revenue derived from miscellaneous
sources was also estimated by him at $30,000,-
000. This is composed chiefly of premium on
gold, sales of property, consular fees, and a
multitude of items which form the item callcd
"miscellaneous." It is estimated by him at
$30,000,000 upon the supposition that the
amount of gold to be sold will be diminished
fiom time to time; and 1 have no doubt that
that estimate will be reached.
The public lands are estimated at $1,000,000.
Now, as to the internal taxes, which is the
remaining source of revenue, we have taken
great pains to ascertain what will be the effect
of the passage of this bill. With the assist-
ance of the Internal Revenue Bureau we have
made an estimate of the probable receipts from
internal revenue if the bill should pass as the
House of Representatives sent it to us. 1 have
other estimates furnished by the Ways and
Means Committee of the House, but will only
state that of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. This estimate, I have no doubt, will
be maintained and probably increased except
as to the leading item of spirits or whisky. On
this matter I present the estimate of the Inter-
nal Revenue Bureau. The items are these:
Spirits   $50,000,000
The revenue last year was only about $28,-
000,000. The revenue now is only about one
and a half millions per month, so that it will
be necessary, in order to reach the estimate
made by the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue, to have much more efficient agencies at
work ihan we have yet had. The House of
Representatives are now preparing a bill which
they think will increase the tax on spirits to
$50,000,000. As a matter of course wc can-
not answer for that. It will depend partly
upon future legislation, partly upon the hon-
esty and fidelity of the agents of the Govern-
ment, and partly upon incidental causes. We
know very well that this revenue has been the
most deceptive of all our revenues. It has
always yielded less than we expected, and,
therefore, when we estimate that spirits next
year will yield us $50,000,000, it is the very
highest estimate possible. I have no doubt,
if the tax could be honestly collected, it would
yield twice $50,000,000, because no one com-
putes the number of gallons manufactured in
this country at less than fifty million, while it
is supposed to approach nearer one hundred
million. The failure to collect the whisky tax
is the scandal and reproach of our system. It
is more shameless and more scandalous in its
frauds than any other portion of our internal
revenue. I have no doubt that the consumers
of spirits pay the tax of two dollars on every
gallon consumed, and yet the Government
does not receive one fifth of the actual aniouui
of revenue due on this article alone. 1 there-
fore would not be responsible for this esti-
mate, and I do not believe that next year we
will collect so much as this; but I take the
estimate for what it is worth. The other
items, I have no doubt, are within or below
the fact.
I'Vrinontcd liquors $0,000,000
Tobacco 20.000.000
It is generally supposed that we will get
considerably more.
Oil $5,000,000
(fas  1,850.000
(iross receipts  6,500,000
Sales  5,000,000
Income (includinu dividends and salary
tax)  30,000,000
I have no doubt that is $5,000,000 less than
the amount that will be received. By a state-
ment I have before me it appears that the in-
come tax upon the basis of the present law,
collected from May 1, 1867, to February 1,
1868, has yielded $32,222,617 10, and will
probably yield before the year is out very
nearly ยง37,000,000.
Mr. FBSSENDBN. Has not that fallen off
very much ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue says that it has not greatly.
The income tax for the present year is now
being assessed, and the returns from some por-
tions of the country show an increase. It is
true in the manufacturing districts the income
tax undoubtedly has largely fallen off; but in
other places, in the city ofNew York and else-
where, from general business sources, the rise
of real estate and other causes, the incomes are
increasing rather than decreasing. In the
agricultural regions the incomes are increas-
ing, because they have been prosperous by
reason of high prices.
The residue of this estimate is as follows :
Legacies and successions  S3.000.000
Special taxes  14,500,000
Schedule A  1,000,000
ISunk circulation and deposits  2,000,000
Penalties  1,000,000
Stamps  13,000,000
$158,850,000
The Commissioner adds: ~
"Except as to the tax on spirits, this estimate is
fully sustained by the receipts thus far during the
present fiscal year. I have placed the above esti-
mate as to the tax on spirits m the belief that the
changes about to be made in the mode of securing:
the collection of the tax will result in at least as
great an increase."
This is an aggregate of $158,850,000, which,
added to the items I have already given, shows
the aggregate estimated revenue on the basis
of the House bill and present laws to be $334,-
850,000. That sum deducted from the highest
estimate that I can put upon the expenditures
would leave a deficit of $16,883,184. The
question which the Committee on Finance had
to determine in the first instance was whether
or not they would report a bill that upon
this showing would leave a deficit of some
$16,000,000 for the next fiscal year.
I desire, before proceeding further, to state
that in the amount of expenditures there are
some items included that ought not properly
to bo considered as part of the current expend-
itures of the Government. There is the item
of $25,500,000 for bounties, which is really
rather in the nature of a war debt than an ex-
penditure. It will cease with the next year, and
unless new bounty bills are devised and passed
there will then be an end of that kind of ex-
penditure. This item is more than the deficit,
and if considered as a part of the debt rather
than a part of the expenditures would leave the
balance on the right side, butwouldadd to the
public debt. But we have regarded and treated
the $25,500,000 for bounty as part of the ex-
penditures to be provided for from the current
income.
The question is how this apparent deficit
shall be made up. The Committee on Finance,
as you will peiceive, propose to retain the
taxes on several articles repealed by the House
of Representatives in order to make up a part
of this deficit. We propose to retain the tax
on the article of turpentine, which yields us
$423,595; and the tax on ground coffee and
substitutes for coffee, which yields $250,000.
As these substitutes for coffee tend by their
manufacture in this country to diminish the
amount of coffee imported, and thus largely
reduce the revenue from customs, it is deemed
necessary to maintain, even for other purposes
than for revenue, this duty on ground coffee
and the substitutes for coffee. We retain the
tax on refined sugar, which yields $2,005,000;
and we believe nothing can bear a tax better
than this article.. Refined sugar is mostly
consumed by the wealthier classes. The tax
may be easily collected in large refineries with
as little expense as any other, and will bear
as lightly as any other tax. Our home pro-
duction is largely protected by a very heavy
import duty; and therefore we deemed it
proper and right, in the present condition of
our finances, to retain the tax oil refined
sugar. The tax on jewelry, diamonds. &e..
which yields us $375,000, is retained ; making
ail aggregate of taxes retained of $3,113,595.
Now, Mr, President, the first question that
