1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2939
of investigation. The question is, Shall the
report be received?
Mr. BROOKS. Upon that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to inquire of the
Chair whether, the communication of Woolley
having been objected to, it is anywhere where
this resolution can reach it?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
has misunderstood the resolution, which does
not refer specifically to the communication the,
Speaker asked lfeave to present, but to all com-
munications.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to inquire what
is the precise question to be submitted to the
House; for, as I understand, there was a good
deal of misapprehension when a similar ques-
tion was before the House the other day. Is
the question as to the authority of the com-
mittee or the validity of the report of the com-
mittee when it is not made by a majority of
the committee, or is it whether the House will
receive the report notwithstanding it may have
been reported by a minority ?
The SPEAKER. The point made by the
gentleman from New York is that this resolu-
tion was not authorized by the committee of
investigation; he has stated the reasons why
he so thinks. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Bbti,eii] has made his statement on
the other side, and the House has heard the
statement. The Chair does not decide, be-
cause he does not knowwhether a majprity of
the committee authorized this report to-day or
last week, or at any other time. The question
now before the House is that indicated in the
following extract from the Digest:
"Ifit isdisputed that a report has been ordered to
be made by a committee the question of reception
must be put to the House."
It is the question of reception upon which
the House is to vote.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 86, nays 37, not voting
66 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Delos R. Ashley, James M.
Asllley, Baldwin, lSeuman, Beatty, Bonjamm, Bon-
ton. JBlamo, Blair, Bromwell, Buekland, Butler, Cako,
Churchill, Header W. Clarke, Sidney Olaike, Cobb,
(Joburn, Cook, Cornell, Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Del-
ano, Driggs, Eckley, Eliot, Parnsworth, lerriss,
Ferry, Fields, Gravely, Higby. Hill, Hooper, Hop-
kins, Chester I). Hubbard, ilulburd, Hunter, Inger-
soli, Julian, Kitchen, Koontz, Lailui. Lincoln, Loan,
Loughridse, Mailory, McCarthy, MeClurg, Mercur,
Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Worrell, Mullins, Myers,
Nunn, O'Neill, Plants, PoMey, Pomeroy, Price,
Kiium, Sawyer, Sclyo, Shellabargcr, fatorkweather,
• Stokes,Taylor, John Trimble,Trowbridge, iwichell,
Upson, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn Van
Wvck. "Ward, Cadwalndcr 0. Washburn, fclihu p-
W'aahburnc, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Wajli-
hum, Wclkcr. William Williams, and John 1. Wil-
S°NAi"'s — Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Baker, Barnes,
Bock, JJoycr, Biooks, Burr, Eldridge, Garfield, fcrets,
Golladay, Grover, ilaight, Harding, Holman, John-
son, Kerr, Knott, Georse V. Lawrence, Marshall,
McCormick, Mornssey, JS'iblack.Paino, Phelps, Pile,
Randall Schenck, Ktewait, Stono, laber, Lawrence
S. Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, Wood, and
Woodwaid-—37. n ,
NOT VO riiS'G—Messrs.Allison, Anderson.-Archer,
Arneil, Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Bingham, Boutwell.
Broomall, Gary. Chanlcr, Dixon, Dodge, Bonnel y,
Egglestpn, Ela.Finnov, Eox, Glossbrenner.Gnswold,
Halsev, Hawkins, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
' Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Jenckes, Jones,
Judd, lvelley, Kclsey, Ketcham, Wil ham Lawrence,
Logan, Lynch, Marvin, Mayi^rd, McCunough,
Mungen, Noweomb, Nicholson, Orth, Pernam,
Peters, Pike, Poland, Pruyn, Robertson, llobmson,
Ross, Scoficld, Shanks, Sitgreavos, Smith, Spaldmg,
Anion F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, iaffe, Lhomas,
BurtVan Horn,Thomas William?, James 1?. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbndge-6i>,
So the resolution, was received.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi;
ana [Mr. Holmax] will now state the point of
order which he reserved.
Mr. HOLMAN. My point of order is this:
that as this resolution refers to a paper or a
communication, the House cannot be called to
vote oti the proposition without the paper itself
being submitted to the House.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
resolution, which will probably answer the
' point of order.
^The Clerk read as follows:
Unsolved, That any communication from C. W.
Woolley, or his counsel, placed in theliands of the
Speaker, be sent to the committeo of investigation
of this House, before which Woolley has been called
to testify, for examination and report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, as the resolution does not allude
to any specific communication. Nor is the
communication referred to by the gentleman
i'roiu Indiana now in the hands of the Speaker,
it having been taken by a member of the House.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to
ask a question.
The SPEAKER. It must be a question of
order. Business cannot be interrupted except
by a point of order.
Mr. WOODWARD. It is a parliamentary
question, if not a question of order. If the
Speaker has received any communication which
is fit to be submitted to any committee of this
House, I suppose it is fit to be submitted to
the House; and I ask the Speaker to rule that
any communication received by him in his
character as Speaker of the House, if it be in
decorous and proper language, belongs to
the House, and that he is bound to lay it before
the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, and will state to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodwakd 1 that peti-
tions are received by the Speaker every day,
and that his uniform practice, as the gentleman
will see by looking at the Globe, is^ to refer
them, under the rules, to the appropriate com-
mittees, in the same manner as petitions pre-
sented by members are referred. The Speaker
has not the right, under the rules, and does
not claim to exercise it, to present petitions
publicly except by the consent of the House.
Mr. WOODWARD. Now, Mr. Speaker,
one other point, aud I will trouble you no fur-
ther. If I am wioug in supposing that the
Speaker has received this as the organ of the
House I have this to submit. If a paper
received by the Speaker of this House be in
the nature of purgation of the contempt which
Woolley, the witness, lias committed agaiust
this House, I submit it is his right that it be
laid before the House, for that contempt, if
any was committed, was against the House.
There was no offense against the committee of
which the gentleman from Massachusetts is
spokesman this morning. The offense is against
the dignity of the House. If that witness at
any time, in any form, communicates to the
House through the Presiding Officer, I suppose
it is his right to have the paper laid before the
House. ,
The SPEAKER. If the House authorized
the Chair, as it has authorized this committee, to
report propositions at any time, the Chair would
exercise that power in this or any other case;
but the House has conferred no such authority
upon the Speaker, and he does not arrogate
to himself any right not conferred by the rules.
Mr. RANDALL. Hero is an American
citizen in confinement who presents to you,
Mr. Speaker, for presentation to this House a
certain communication, and this House is
called upon to vote in reference to that com-
munication ; and I say it is the privilege of
any one member to call for the reading o&that
paper before the vote is taken.
The SPEAKER. If the paper had been
received by the House when presented by the
Chair that point would be well made; but the
Chair does not believe, as the gentleman so
seems to indicate, that the witness who, by the
order of the House, is regarded as a recusant
witness has the right to present a question of
privilege. Questions of privilege are peculiar,
and the rules in reference to them will be found
in the '• Digest/' If a person in contempt of
the House, declared to be in contcmpt of the
rules and. in deiiance of the laws of the land,
can raise a question of privilege, then every
one of the forty million people not in con-
tempt of the House can raise questions of
privilege. Although the Speaker told the coun-
sel that he was willing to present this paper,
he does not see how he could rule this to be a
question of privilege.
Mr. RANDALL. You received that com-
munication.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did have it.
Mr. RANDALL. I say it was put in your
possession as Speaker of the House, and the
House ought to be made aware of the contents
of that paper.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania as he has
already stated, that he receives petitions every
da,y, sometimes ten or a dozen, but he never
claims that he has the right to present them as
questions of privilege. Sending papers to the
Speaker does not put them officially before the
House.
Mr. BURR. Is there any way, bat through
the mercy of these two members of that com-
mittee, for this witness to purge himself of
contempt?
The SPEAKER. Every Monday the States
are called for resolutions, as the Chair stated
some time ago, and when the State of Indiana
was called, as it was to-day, any gentleman
from that State had the right to offer a resolu-
tion on the subject.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Would not that deprive
a citizen of his liberty for one week without
opportunity for redress?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
that. The State of Indiana was called for
resolutions this morning, and agentleman from
that State [Mr. Holman] introduced a resolu-
tion in reference to the taxation of Govern-
ment bonds, on which the yeas and nays were
taken several times. Any other gentleman
from Indiana could have offered a resolution at
that time on this subject as a matter of right.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to ask the Speaker
whether his attention has been called to the one
hundred and thirty-first rule, whichis asfollows:
" Members having petitions and memorials to pre-
sent may hand them to the Clerk, indorsing the satno
with their names, and the rcfcreuse ordisposition to
be made thereof; and such petitions and memorials
shall be entered on the Journal, subject to the control
and direction of tlio Speaker; and if any petition
or memorial be so handed in, which, in the judgment
of the Speaker, is excluded by the rules, the same
shall bo returned to tho member from whom it was
receivod."
I say when a member from Massachusetts
presents a petition nobody can have super-
vision over it, as to whether there is anything
disrespectful in it, but tho Speaker. Is this not
interposing a committee of this House to revise
petitions ? I am willing to do everything proper
to push this investigation as much as any gen-
tleman—to push it to the utmost against every
man who may have offended against the laws.
But I am not willing to abridge the right of
petition. The point upon which I wish to ask
information, without raising a point of order,
is whether this resolution does not abridge the
right of petition, by discharging the Speaker
from the duty of looking into a petition to see
whether it is respectful and within the rules of
the House?
The SPEAKER. The uniform usage of
Speakers has been, when petitions were sent
to them, either to ask unanimous consent to
present them, if they are of that character that
they think the House would desire to have
them presented, or to present them under the
rule, as is the right of the Speaker as a member
from a congressional district. The Chair has
repeatedly presented petitions under the rule.
Of course he examines them, and if he finds
them improper to be presented he would not
present them. He has received hundreds of
petitions from the States of the South, and has
always submitted them under the rule to the
Journal clerk. .
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to present a point
of order. The Speaker having presented this
petition, and the gentleman from Massachu-
setts having objected to its receP^> "
its status? is the paper anywhere within
control of the House ? . „
The SPEAKER. It « a paper which has
been handed to the Speaker by the counsel for
the witness, they desiring him to present it to
the House. The Speaker asked the consent of
the House to receive it. It was objected to.
