1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL 0LOBE,
415.
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Issues of the Campaign—Mr. Blair.
Ho, ffi? Reps.
ignorance and vulgar hatreds, and its only
hope oi success at this time is in exciting the
hostility of the different classes and races of
our people against each other. No absurdity is
too great for it,-and no deception too profound
for it to undertake. ^ It perverts the- language
we speak when, with hypocritical inconsist-
ency, it calls emancipation tyranny and uni-
versal suffrage a denial of rights. It was the
responsible author of secession, and still
remains the unwavering patron of rebellion.
I know that gentlemen here feel called upon
constantly and indignantly to deny this, but it
is nevertheless perfectly true. To prove this
conclusively it is only necessary to refer very
briefly to the past platforms and history of the
parry.
The platform of 1850, adopted at Cincinnati,
upon which Mr. Buchanan was nominated and
elected, contained plainly the whole creed of
secession. After denouncing slavery agitation
as an unconstitutional interference with the
rights of the South, "having a direct tendency
to endanger the stability and permanency of
the Union," it proceeds to resolve—
"That the Democratic party will faithfully abide
by and uphold the principles laid down in the Ken-
tucky and Virginia resolutions of 1797 and 1798, and
ill the report of Alr. Madison to the Virginia Legis-
lature m 1799—that it adopts these principles as con-
taining one of the main foundations of its political
creed, and is resolved to carry them out in their ob-
viou.s meaning and import."
The party here binds itself to those cele-
brated resolutions of Kentucky and Virginia
of 1797 and 1798. I have not those resolutions
before me now, but they are familiar I suppose
to every member of this House. They are
the foundation upon which all the theories of
secession have been built. They were not
recited in the platform of 1856 at Cincinnati,
simply because it was not thought best to recite
them in the hearing of the people of the coun-
try, but the politicians well understood their
import j they affirm substantially that when-
ever any question arises as to whether the
Constitution of the United States has been
infringed against the rights of a State, the
. sole judge of the infringement is the State
itself, and that if the State shall so judge, then
she is also sole judge of the mode and manner
of redress.
Now, sir, I ask if this is not the whole
theory of secession; if it does not include the
whole body of those vicious ideas upon which
for a great many years the party of secession,
which finally went into rebellion, was based
in the South ? If I am not mistaken in this,
and I think no candid man will say that I am,
it is correct to say that the Democratic party
had made itself the party of secession in this
country, and that from step to step for many
years it had been approaching this result; that
it finally affirmed iu its platform the doctrine
which was made the pretext, if it were not the
cause of the secession of the southern States.
And as the contest proceeded after the election
of 18GO, and the choice of Mr. Lincoln to the
Presidency, and when secession commenced
and Mr. Buchanan was still President of the
United States, his conduct was in strict accord-
' ance with this idea of the platform. When the
question was raised as to whether the power of
the Union should be used to put down a revolt,
that Democratic President said to the country
that he found in the Constitution no power to
coerce a State. Sir, that was not simply the
assertion of Mr. Buchanan. It was the asser-
tion of the principles which lay at the founda-
tion of the platform.
It was the assertion of that upon which he
had been chosen and upon which he had
accepted the nomination. It was the logical
consequence and deduction from the platform
itself. He was in strict accord with it. The
Republican party was stigmatized throughout
the entire contest as an abolition disunion
party. We were told all the while during that
canvass that if we succeeded it would break
up the Union ; that interference with the-ques-
tion of slavery was an infringement of the
rights of the South. The contest was waged
upon that principle ; and I repeat that when
Mr. Buchanan came finally to make the dec-
laration he did he made it in strict laccordanee
with the.platform upon which he stood. Then
I say that sofar as any principles lay at :the
bottom of this rebellion it was the Democratic
party that was responsible for it. The Repub-
lican party was the foe of the movement from
the first, and it is so now.
Subsequent to that time the Republican
party having taken the Administration of the
Government went loyally about the defense
of the country in the great emergency in which
it was placed. The time for theories had gone
by and it was necessary to resort to deeds.
Words could no longer settle the question.
Finally we stood face to face with the great
issue which had been growing upon us tor a
series of years. It was no longer to be blinked
or compromised, but it must be settled. The
people of the country had it in their hands.
With a foresight which they are apt to possess
in cases like this, they had seen that the issue
was likely to arrive, and they were prepared
for it. They had brought into power a party
in whom they had confidence to carry on this
contest. They intended no infringement upon
the rights of any, but they intended to preserve
the country, and to give to their cbilcten after
them the Government which our fathers had
framed for us. It was a patriotic party. It
was a party of principles, as I have said before.
It had looked this question in the face, and was
ready to act upon it. It did act. It took up
the question in the spirit with which it was
required to be handled. It went on to raise
armies to construct and equip navies, and to
raise the money to carry on the great war in
which it found itself involved. It undertook
to meet, to trample under foot, and to crush
out forever, both secession and rebellion in
this land.
Now, sir, I do not stop here to go over the
ground of all this long contest. I only wish to
refer to two or three things in connection with
it. During this entire contest in which the
country was engaged in this struggle for its
life, to whom did the people of the country
look for success ? Upon whom did they rely
to carry this contest to a successful issue?
Did they look to the Democratic party for it?
Did they expect that the party that had made
this platform at Cincinnati in 1856, and elected
James Buchanan to the Presidency of the
United States, would carry the contest to a
successful issue? Did they trust it in any
instance to the extent of a single musket?
Never, sir ; from the first they trusted the
Republican party alone.
Now, sir, in saying this I am not saying that
every Democrat failed his country or was
treacherous to his country, for that would be
far from the truth. But I am saying, and
attempting to maintain, that the party as a
party was not loyal to the country, and that it
proved it upon every occasion when the ques-
tion arose.
The country has not forgotten, and it never
will be forgotten, how, in the midst of the great
struggle, in 1864, when our forces seemed to
stand still, when the whole nation was looking
on almostbreathless, while Sherman was before
Atlanta and Grant was marching on Richmond,
that this Democratic party met at Chicago,
under the presidency of Horatio Seymour, who
is now its standard-bearer in this contest, and
proclaimed to the country that the war was a
failure, and demanded that it should be given
up, and that peace should be made " by a
convention of the States or other peaceable
means." The country had never trusted them
in this great struggle, and they proved at that
time that it had done right well that it had
never trusted them. There is very much beside
this which I have not time to repeat. But all
along, from the beginning of the war.up to that
time, when they..declared it a failure^ the coun-
try remembers ..well bow they stigmatized; the
war; how. they sneered at.those engaged in it";
how they declared that it was, an "Abolition,
war;" how they turned up their aristocratic
noses and said it was a "nigger war .5" and how
some of their chieftains declared they would not
fight in such a war and threw up their commis-
sions and laid down their arms. The,country
has not forgotten and will not forget all these
things. I do not need to repeat theip. What
I have to deal with more particularly here to-
night is, the issue that we have to meet at this
hour. To-day the two parties are again face
to face before the country. The Republican
party finds in its place again, as it always has,
its old adversary. It renews agaiji the battle
of 1S5C and the battle of 1860 and the battle
of 1864. I warn the people of the country that
it is the same party that proclaimed secession
in 18o(5. It is the same party that it was when
it blew up at Charleston iu 1860. It is the
same enemy that it was when it went to Chi-
cago in 1864 and declared the war a failure,
and cast contumely and reproach upon every
soldier of the Union. It is the, same party
that bolstered up slavery and opposed emanci-
pation, and that has given its voice and its
power, ever since it had any power in this land,
in behalf of all oppression as againstall liberty.
But I am not in the least afraid that the
people of the country will forget this. I know
very well that we are assailed with a storm of
unmeaning denunciations. They talk to us
interminably about usurpations and all that
sort of thing. But, sir, we bring them—and
they shall hear it over and over again in this
contest—back to the old issues where we met
them at first. We shall show to the people of
the country that we strike the same blows that
we struck before; and that they ring on the
same anvil upon which we smote them to
pieces in our previous contests.
This Democratic party, as it delights to call
itself, delighting always to wrest words from
their proper legitimate meaning, perverts the
very mother tongue that we speak. It calls
itself Democratic, while it has long been the
chief opponent of all true Democracy iu this
country.
This party met again lately in national con-
vention in the city of New York. It had in
that great city for auditors the " dead rabbits''
and the asylum burners they had affiliated with
in 1863 ; fit audience for the men assembled
there. And there gathered together the mem-
bers of both wings of that party. Wade
Hampton and bis fellow rebels of the confed-
erate armies, whose hands are yet red with the
blood of Union soldiers, came up there and
claspcd hands with the sympathizers with their
cause in the North. This they did for the first
time in eight years. For eight long years
these sympathizing brethren have been kept
apart by the clash of arms, by the roar of
artillery, and by the shock of contending
armies.
Many times during that long contest we heard
the sympathizers with rebellion, like Vallati-
digham and Horatio Seymour, on this side of
the line expressing their sadness that they
were not able to reach out their hands and
clasp their brethren in the South. They blamed
us grievously that they were not able to do so.
But their prayers and their petitions the Union
soldiers tossed away on the points of their
bayonets, while those of the South in real
earnest struck them with their bloody swords,
and would have none of them. But the time
finally arrived when they could meet again
lovingly and ardently, as they.did recently in
New ifork. On that platform Wade Hampton
and John A. McClernand shook bands together.
Belmont and the butcher of Fort Pillow em-
braced each other, and the whole convention
went off in loud acclaim over the loving spec-
tacle.
