1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
arises on this bill is whether or not the Senate
will agree to the amendment proposed by the
Committee on Finance. The objection to the
amendment is that it retains the machinery of
taxation on domestic products. We called
upon the Commissioner of Internal Revenue to
ascertain whether by retaining these few taxes
the cost of collection would be materially in-
creased, and we found that it would not. In
every district of the United States collectors
and assessors must be retained to collect the
remaining taxes, the tax on incomes, the tax
on whisky, on tobacco, special taxes, stamps,
&c. Therefore the excepted taxes might be
retained, being in their nature articles manu-
factured at a few places where they could be
easily reached and where the tax could be easily
collected. We therefore deemed it important
to retain these taxes, and I hope the Senate,
without any farther explanation of this amend-
ment, will concur. Applications will be made
by persons engaged in refining petroleum, in
refining sugar, and in the manufacture of the
excepted articles to include them in the repeal;
but if we do so we must supply the deficit in
some other way ; and as these articles can bear
an internal revenue tax better than any others
we deemed it necessary to retain them.
In order to supply the balance of money
necessary to pay the expenses of the Govern-
ment it is proposed by the House of Repre-
sentatives to increase what are called the
special taxes, and I have here now, in ad-
vance of their being published, a statement of
the various special taxes proposed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator will par-
don me, I did not understand the aggregate
amount of taxes included in the amendment
of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. A little over three mil-
lion dollars. The amendment we report will
retain $3,000,000 of revenue that would be
repealed by the House bill. The House of
Representatives inform us, through their proper
committee, that they propose to make up any
deficiency (without going into an accurate
analysis of it) by increasing the special taxes,
and furnish us a schedule of the proposed
taxes. But the objection that will occur to
the mind of everyone is, " Why not add those
taxes now to this bill, and thus make your
work complete?"
Their reply is this: that they have undertaken
the revision of the entire revenue code, made
necessary, as they think, in order to collect the
whisky and tobacco tax ; and in revising that
code they will also provide various provisions
for the collection of the special taxes and
changing the rates. They have, therefore,
deemed it better to postpone all questions in-
volving detail until they can send us another
bill. But in the mean time such is the dis-
tressed condition of the manufacturing inter-
ests of the country, paralyzed by the pendency
of this bill, which will affect the market value
of every product of manufacture, that it is im-
portant to settle at once the question whether
or not these taxes on manufactures shall be
continued ; and they send us a bill simply re-
pealing the tax on manufactures, leaving to
future legislation to supply the deficit. After
a careful examination of this subject the Com-
mittee on Finance thought that while it was
important to delay the multitude of details, yet
it was important to retain the revenue as far
as possible. We have, therefore, reported an
amendment, which is not yet printed, but
which I have on my table, and will offer at the
proper time, retaining a special tax on the
sales of manufacturers, the aggregate of whose
manufactures is over ten thousand dollars, of
one fifth of one per cent., which will yield us
many millions of dollars; perhaps enough to
cover the whole deficit made by the showing
that I have already given.
Now, the question is, whether or not this
tax ought to be levied now or postponed until
the House of Representatives report their bill.
There is no difference between the Senate com-
mittee and the House committee as to the rate
of the tax on sales, or as to the mode of taxa-
tion. The only question is, whether or not we
should postpone the time of levying that tax
until they mature their bill in regard to other
features of taxation. On the whole, after a
careful examination, the majority of the Com-
mittee on Finance deemed it necessary and
proper to retain some tax to substitute, as
we repeal the tax on manufactures, another
form of tax, the same form that will be adopted
hereafter, and report that as an amendment to
this bill. In this way we suppose that any
deficit that is made upon the showing I have
already given will be made up.
Now, Mr. President, there are one or two
other facts which I wish to state. Upon
questions of detail the Senate will have to de-
pend upon the proper committees, and I do
not wish to go into long details of figures upon
a statement of this kind. But I wish to say a
word in answer to a letter received from the
Secretary of the Treasury, which I feel bound
to lay before the Senate. The Secretary of
the Treasury remonstrates in urgent terms
against the repeal of the tax on manufactures
on the ground, as he says, that, it will greatly
reduce the revenue and endanger a large defi-
ciency. The letter is quite lengthy and deserves
attention. It is as follows:
Treasury Department, March 16,1868.
Dear Sir: The abolition of the duty on cotton will
reduce tho revenues some $20,000,000. The bill which
has recently passed tho House, and is now boforethe
Senate, abolishing after the first of May next the
taxes on manufactures and productions imposed by
sections ninety-four and ninety-live, act June 30,
18(54, and enumerated in table II in the report ot the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue for 1867, pages
335, 336, and 337, with certain exceptions, will, it has
been estimated, effect a reduction of some $60,000,000
on the basis of the last year's revenues. It must also
be borne in mind that this largo reduction of tho rev-
enues from the internal industries of the country
will have the effect of reducing the general level of
prices throughout the country, and thus tend to in-
terrupt and to lesson importations, and therefore to
diminish tho customs revenues.
A considerable portion of the large revenues from
customs received during the two last fiscal ye:irs, and
which are still maintained, are due in no inconsid-
erable extent to the fact that the higlrprices in this
country have made our market adeHrable one lor
the sale of foreign productions. So great a reduction
of priccs as will be effected by tho contemplated
legislation cannot, I repeat, but have a tendency to
reduce importations, and consequently to impair the
revenue from customs.
Should the bill referred to becomo a law, I thinlc
it may be fairly estimated that the total revenues
for the next fiscal year will fall from a hundred to
a hundred and twenty millions below the estimates
made in my last annual report. It is exceedingly
desirable that taxes should bo reduced, and I should
hail with pleasure the proposed reduction if I lolt
assured that it would bo accompanied with a corre-
sponding reduction of expenditures. Iam free to say
that I gin gieatly apprehensive that such a reduc-
tion of expenditures will not be made, and that the
revenues of tho country lor tho next fiscal year, if
tho bill now before tho Senate or in the hands of your
committee should becomo a law, will bo insufficient
to meet the interest on the public debt and the cur-
rent expenses of the Government.
X earnestly ask that the Finance Committee ttijI
give this subject careful consideration in all its bear-
ings before reporting favorably upon the bill referred
to. Nothing could be more disastrous to the credit
of tho Government at the present time than such a
reduction of taxes as would create a necessity for an
increase of the public debt.
Very truly yourb, II. MCCULLOCH,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. jonn Sherman, Chair/nan Finance Committee,
United Slates Senate.
P. S.—Will not the cffect of the bill under con-
sideration be to relieve all cotton from taxation?
The chief point of his objection is, that this
bill proposes to throw off taxes to the amount
of §00,000,000. That is a total misapprehen-
sion. That argument is based entirely upon
the assumption that the present laws would
yield during the next fiscal year a revenue
of §146,000,000 on the articles embraced in
section ninety-four; and he refers us to the
estimates and the actual receipts during the
year 1866. If Senators will turn to the report
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue they
will find that the aggregate revenue from the
various articles of manufactures during the
year ending June 30 last was $1-16,223,673,
The amount of taxes included in this sum and
not included in section ninety-four,^and there-
fore not repealed in this bill, was $58,752,832,
leaving a balance of $87,470,841 which ac-
crued under section ninety-four, The articles
excepted by the House of Representatives,
consisting of tobacco, gas, petroleum, &e.,
yielded $26,44?8,009, showing a balance of
$61,022,832. Adding to that the cotton tax,
which has already been repealed, of $23,7&9,-
078, would make a total aggregate of repealed
taxes, according to the estimate of the Secre-
tary, of $84,791,910. But the fallacy of his
reasoning rests in this: that many of the taxes
upon which this sum was raised during the last
fiscal year were repealed-at the last session
and are not now iu force, and therefore the
statement that this bill reduces tho taxes
$00,000,000 is erroneous. In order to ascer-
tain the exact reduction I have the actual re-
ceipts of the revenue during the six months
that have transpired of the present fiscal year
under the laws as they now stand in force. I
find from this statement that the total amount
of taxes collected from the 1st of July to the
1st of December under the present law on the
articles that are repealed by the House bill
was $20,889,892 for six months, or$41,779,784
for a year; so that if you pass the bill pre-
cisely as it came from the House it would be a
reduction of taxes of $41,779,784.
From this aggregate of repealed taxes the
Senate reserve the amount I have already
stated, $3,113,595, leaving a balance of $38,-
066,189 of repealed taxes, according to the
Senate bill. This, as I said, is partially made
up by au amendment, which 1 shall offer, re-
taining a special tax on manufacturers of one
fifth of one per cent, on their sales, and also
made up by the House of Representatives by
other special taxes to be reported hereafter.
I believe, sir, that these are all the facts
that it is necessary for me to state at this stage
of the debate. I have carefully examined this
subject, and while I have some doubts, and no
one can hesitate to express them, whether or
not the estimates submitted to us may be in all
respects maintained, and especially will be able
to collect $50,000,000 from spirits; yet, on the
whoje, I believe the public good will be ad-
vanced by lightening the burden of taxation
from our people at this time. I know that if
the Senate will follow the course that seems
to have been indicated already by the House
of Representatives and indicated here, of re-
ducing those expenses which are within our
power, we may not only have enough to pay
all the expenses of the Government and the
interest on the public debt, but next year we
will have a surplus.
The whole reasoning of the Secretary of the
Treasury is based upon the idea that we will
not reduce the expenditures. He so states in
his letter. He says that while we may reduce
the appropriation bills, we will not reduce the
expenses. If Congress should reduce the
taxes without reducing the expenses, it will be
derelict in its duty and fail to perform its
highest obligation. The idea of maintaining
our expenditures and yet demanding the re-
peal of taxes would be the most insane that
could possibly affect the mind of any one. As
I stated in the outset, our revenue and expend-
itures upon the present basis ot expenditures
are so near each other—not more than a dif
ferenee of from nine to twenty-five million dol-
lars-—that we have no power to reduce taxes ex-
cept by a reduction of expenditures. But upon
the basis already started upon iu the House
of Representatives, and so far concurred in
here, and the changes of the laws that will
be necessary to be made hereafter, I have
no doubt we can reduce the expenses so
as to justify this large reduction of taxation.
It is only upon that basis that I, for one, am
willing to report this bill. I trust, there-
fore, that Senators hereafter, when bills are
'introduced to increase the expenditures of the
Government, will scrutinize them carefully.
Unless all the various schemes by which the
expenditures of the Government are proposed
to be increased, are steadily resisted by the Sen-
ate and by the House of Representatives, there
wilf be no other alternative except to restore
