1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of order to which I referred when I was up
before. I object that this resolution is not a
resolution in order, as it proposes to change a
rule of the House. I do this without any
excitement, and with no desire for anything
but justice to every one, no matter how wicked
or had he may be.
This resolution proposes that no communi-
cation coming from Charles W. Woolley to the
Speaker shall be presented to the House, but
it shall be at once sent to this committee for
examination. The objcctionl have to the res-
olution is twofold: first, that it is out of order,"
because we cannot deprive the Speaker, as a
Representative from the State of Indiana, of
the right to present petitions, memorials, com-
munications, &c., under Rule 131.
In the next place it is out of order because
we cannot take away from the Speaker that
supervision which we have given to him by the
rule, to see whether a paper is proper to be
presented to the House under the rules aud to
be referred to a committee. The object of
that rule, I take it, was to enable the Speaker
to see that nothing disrespectful to the House
is presented.
I do not know what the paper is which the
Speaker this morning asked permission to lay
before the House, for it is not now before us.
What is before us, as I understand it, is a gen-
eral proposition contained in the resolution,
that the Speaker shall no longer be trusted to
exercise the discretionary power now vested
in him to say whether any paper is proper to
be laid before the House,.but that a change
shall be made in the rule. This, it strikes me,
is a change of the rule adverse to the right of
petition.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order made by the gentleman from
Ohio", [Mr. Schexck,] because, if sustained,
in the scope which it would naturally embrace,
it would preclude the Speaker from presenting
any petitions from his constituents. The argu-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio would go to
.this extent: that the Speaker cannot present
a petition, because as by the rules he is re-
quired to supervise petitions and return to mem-
bers any which he regards as excluded by the
rules, therefore, if he presents petitions him-
self, they cannot be subject to the supervis-
ion contemplated by the rules. Now, there
are in the constituency represented' by the
Speaker some forty thousand voters, and from
some of these he is constantly receiving peti-
"tions. He also receives almost every day, and
sometimes to the extent of a dozen a day, peti-
tions from various parts of the South—the
States not now represented. The Chair usually
presents these petitions under the rules, as all
previous Speakers have done ; but in the case
occurring to-day the Chair asked the consent
of the House to present the communication
publicly in the House. If the point of order
made by the gentleman from Ohio should be
sustained the Speaker would be required to
hand to his colleagues for presentation all peti-
tions received by him from his constituents and
others, and afterward to examine them as
Speaker to see whether they should be referred.
The Chair could not make such a ruling as
that; it would not be in accordance with the
uniform usage.
Mr. SCIlliNCK. I do not know whether
I have been distinctly understood; but to
narrow down the question. I would ask the
Speaker's opinion upon this question of order :
whether we can by a resolution change the rule
of the House, so that a petition presented by
the Speaker or any other member (for of course
the rule applies as well to the Speaker as any
other member) shall be submitted to some
other authority than the Speaker for a decision
whether it is proper to be entered on the
Journal?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will respond
to this branch of the point of order. lie thinks
the House can adopt a resolution of this kind,
because it would be exactly in accordance with
the rule, which provides that—■
"Members having petitions and memorials to pre-
sent may hand them to the Clerk, indorsing the same
with tlieir names, aud the reference or disposition to
be made thereof."
The resolution proposes to instruct the
Speaker to refer petitions of a particular char-
acter in accordance with this rule. A note to
the rule answers the point of order made some
time ago upon the right of the Chair. That
note states :
"There is now no other mode of presenting peti-
tions prescribed by the rules; the old rule for present-
ation in the House having been rescinded December
14 1853."
So that since December 12, 1853, it has been
the rule that petitions cannot be presented in
the House except by unanimous consent.
Mr. JONES. I rise to a point of order ;
but before making the point of order 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must make
the point of order. A point of order is the
only thing that can interrupt the action of the
House, as the previous question is pending.
Mr. JONES. My point of order is this:
whether any member of this body has a right
to speak of a witness or a prisoner in the cus-
tody of this House as the member from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] spoke of the witness
Woolley? He used these words : "this per-
jured, contemptuous, and contemptible wit-
ness." Now, I desire to say that 1 am not here
to defend Mr. Woolley 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
debate the point of order. The Chair will
rule upon it. He overrules the point of order,
and if there were no other ground, certainly
he must do so upon this, that the point was
not made at the proper time. Any point of
order upon language used in debate must be
made at the tiino the words are spoken. But
the Chair will state for the information of the
House what his ruling would have been if the
point had beenmade in time. In this case the
committee of investigation charge the witness
with having testified one way at one time and
another way at another time. The question is
whether that amounts to perjury. If the point
of order had been made at the time upon the
words uttered by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, the Chair would have submitted that
question for decision to the House, which,
having heard the evidence submitted by the
committee and knowing ail the facts, could
judge whether they justiiied the language used.
But the point of order is not made at the right
time, and therefore cannot be entertained.
Mr. JONES. Have I the power and the
right to say a word?
The SPEAKER. Not now.
Mr. JONES. I should like to answer the
member from Massachusetts.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. RANDALL. Was the petition addressed
to you as Speaker?
The SPEAKER. It was addressed to me as
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. PILE. Hasthe petition been withdrawn?
The SPEAKER. It has not been withdrawn,
but was taken by a member of the House.
Mr. PILE. If the resolution be voted down
what disposition would be made of the paper?
The SPEAKER. The House has refused
to receive the paper, and it is not now in the
possession of the Speaker.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
50. noes -10 ; no quorum voting.
the SPEAKER ordered tellers; and appoint-
ed Mr. Butler and Mr. Burr.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
70. noes 'i't.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTIL This violates the
rulcs'of the House. The rules require that
all petitions shall be sent to the appropriate
committees. This declares that all commuui-
tions from Mr. Woolley and his counsel shall
<*o to the committee. It does not limit it to
tliis paper, but says that all papeis shall be
sent to the committee. _
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order on the ground that, if made at
all, it must be made at th® time the resolution
was presented. Since then the previous ques-
tion was seconded and tlxe main question
ordered, and it, is now too late.
Mr. GARFIELD. All communications in
the nature of private letters which Mr. Wool-
ley may desire to send to anybody must, under
this resolution, go to this committee ; and in
the second place, this House cannot have pos-
session of any paper Mr. Woolley may send to
it unless the committee of investigation shall
allow the House to have possession of it. He
cannot make any communication to this House
at all without the permission of the committee.
If that is the meaning of the resolution I want
to know it.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask leave to answer the
question. In the first place, no one of the let-
ters] of Mr. Woolley go to the Speaker. That
has been settled a long time ago. That objec-
tion is not founded on facts.
This only refers to the communications which
are placed by Mr. Woolley or his counsel in
the hands of the Speaker for the purpose of
being presented to this House. This-morning,
for instance, a written communication of thirty
pages was given to the Speaker to be presented
to the House. The House have not done any
more in this instance than in any other, saying
they will make such disposition of such com-
munications as they please. The House and
the gentleman have overlooked this matter.
My friend from Ohio says we interfere with
the right of petition. Here is a person in the
hands of the House, in contempt of the House,
and he has no right to make any communica-
tion to the House "except by leave of the
House. The House say that we will allow him
to make a communication at any time in a cer-
tain manner, and in no other manner. We have
the right to say it. Yet, when that favor is
accorded to him we are told that he is denied
the right of petition !
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me.
Mr. BUTLER. No. I was stopped by the
other side.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Only when you were
speaking out of order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative — yeas GG, nays 59, not
voting 04 ; as follows :
TEAS—Messrs. Ames, Dolos R. Ashley, James M.
Ashley. Banks. Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Broin-
weli, Buckland, Butler, Gako, Churchill, Header W.
Clarke, Sidney C'iaike, Cobb. Cook, Cornell, Covode,
Delano, jEckley, Eg?lestrm, Eliot, Ferry, 1' lclds, faris-
wold, Higby, Hooper, Hulburd, Hunter, Judd, Julian,
Kitchon, Koontz, Loan, Mallory, McCarthy, Mc-
Clur^r. Mercur, Miller, Moot o, Morrell, Muilinx, My-
ers, Newcomb. Nunn, O'Neill, PoKley, Poineroy,
Raum, Sawyer, Seofield, Starkweather, Aaron F.
Stevens. Stokes, Taffe, Taylor. Trowbiidge. Twich-
ell, Upson, Van Aernam, Hubert T. Van ilorn. Van
AVynk, Ward, Welker, William Williams, and John
T.'Wilvm—lili.
NAYS—Messrs. AxteJl, Buker, Barnes, Loaman,
Beck. Blair, Buyer, Brooks Burr, Dodges, Dn^s,
Eidricltfe, Farnsworth, Ferris, Garfudd, Get/., Gol-
lad.iy, Gravely, Grover. llaiyht, ILirdmsc, llili, Hol-
iruin. llotchkiss Richard 1). Hubbard, Tnsrerswll,
Johnson, Jones, Knott, Laflin, Georere V. Lawrence,
Loughndge, Mai>ball. MeUoimiok, Morrisscv. Nib-
Eiihn B. Wa«?hburue, llcnry I). Washburn, Wood,
antl Woodward—50.
NOT VOTING—xUe^srs Adam4!, AllAnderson,
Archci, Ainell, B nley, Baldwin, BamuM, Bnurhaui,
Bhmie, Bontwell. Broomall, Caiv. Chanler, Coburn,
Cullom. Dawes, Dixon, Donneiiy, Cia, Finney, Fox,
Glosabrcnner, ILalfoy, Hawkms Hopkins*, ai-ahel W.
llubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Humphioy, Jenekes,
Kelloy, Kelsey, Kerr, Ket<diam, William Lriwrom*e,
Lincoln, Loi?an, Lyttch, Marvin, Mayna-rd. McGuj-
lough, Mooihe.'d, Munsen, Nichohon, Orth. r?r~
hani, Pike, Poland, Prico, Pruvn, "Robertson, Ttoom-
ton, Selve, Shank?, Smith, Spalding. Thaddein ftre-
vens, Thomas Burt Van Horn, "William i>. un-
burn, Thomas Williams JaUK'S F.Wilson, biephtn
F. Wilson, "Windom, and Woodbiidge—bt.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER. I move to reconsider the
vole just taken 5 and to lay the motion to recoil-
siiler 011 the table.
itr. RANDALL. I call the yeas aud nays
on the motion. ,
Mr. BUTLER. I withdraw it.
