ia&a
£33
exhansting and inexorable policy of con traction.
If Senators insist upon that as the great medi-
cine for our disease they will find taeir bonds ;
paid in that sort of currency or else in nothing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Which would be the same
thing.
Mr. H ENDERSON. I do not know about
that. Senators jump at that conclusion. Why
would not the Government securities iii that
shape be worth something? It would be simply
because they do not bear interest. Let me
remind the Senator from Vermont that the
Government of Brazil to-day is selling its bonds
bearing four per cent, interest in the Londou
market for 84, and side by side our American
six percent, interest in gold are selling at 71}.
Will the Senator tell me why that is?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to know.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will tell the Senator
with the greatest pleasure. It is obvious to
anybody who has as much knowledge as my
friend from Missouri, and he knows just as well
as I do. The reason is that the credit of the
Government of Brazil in the market of London
is a good deal better than ours; and the reason
of that is because we owe a great deal more
money, and our paper that is payable on demand
is dishonored.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to ask the
Senator from Vermont to give way to a motion
to adjotirn.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from Ver-
mont is not entitled to the floor, and I am.
Mr. President, it is rather my impression that
the Senate is about ready to vote. If I were
certain that they were ready to vote I should
yield the floor.
Several Senators. Let ns vote.
Mr. HENDERSON. Unless the Senate is
ready to vote and I get a pretty general assur-
ance to that effect I will proceed.
Several Sexators. Let us vote now.
Mr. HENDERSON. Very well; I will yield.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New York, as modified.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN and others. Let as vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is very kind in the
Senator from Ohio, the chairman of this com-
mittee, *ho has imputed to me the putting up
of gold in the New York market, to insist upon
a vote without my having an opportunity to
5lr. SHERMAN. If my friend feels at all
sore about that I will withdraw the suggestion.
I did not intend to impute anything wrong to
him; I simply said that that was the effect of
his motion. 1 will withdraw what I said, if he
considers it any reflection on him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very glad, indeed,
that the chairman of the Committee on Finance
is willing that I should make a few remarks on
this interesting occasion; and with his permis-
sion I will proceed to make them. [Laughter.]
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will not the Senator
yield to a motion to adjourn?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not without the consent
of my friend from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend appeals to
me I must object.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I will not yield,
because I do not wish to have the Senator
from Ohio, or any other friend of this bill,
suppose that I desire to put off its passage, or
the getting to a rote upon it, any longer than
until we can fairly present our views on the
differences of opinions that arise.
Now, as the Senator from Ohio has said that
I am the responsible author of the mischief of
gold's going up, if it be a mischief, I wish to
sabmit to him and to every other Senator what
I have done. I made a proposition to declare,
in connection with stopping the contraction of
the cnrrency, that it should stay where it was.
The Senator from Ohio and his friend opposed
that proposition. The financial organ of the
Senate, the Committee on Finance, through
its chairman and through a majority of its mem-
ben, opposed the proposition and gave their
f reasons for it, and the Senate, acting under the I
' influence of their arguments, refused to declare I
that the currency should stay where it was. |
Gold went up, it is said. I do not know whether |
it went up irora that cause or not, and I do not [
care: but I respectfully submit. to ray friend
that the fair inference is that gold rose from
the consequencc of his opposition to that prop-
osition, instead of from the fact that the hum-
hie Senator from Vermont proposed it. So
much for that. It is of.no consequence to
this bill whether gold goes up or down a few
cents «r a few dollars. The question is far j
deeper than that.
This amendment of the Senator from New
s, York is opposed by the Senator from Missouri
on the ground that it is declaring a policy when
the main feature of the bill is only for a tem-
porary purpose uutil Congress can act. Now,
that is the main feature of the bill if you take
it just as it reads in the ordinary sense in which
we understand language, because it declares—
and that bns been insisted upon by the Sen-
ator from Ohio as a reason for action on this
separately—that it is onlv until the further
pleasure of Congress shall be declared thut
this suspension of contraction is to exist. Docs
not the same argument apply to the statement
of the corehitive proposition that the currency
shall stay exactly whore it is. that it shall not
go up until the pleasure of Congress shall be
known in the maturing of a permanent bill on
the subject? Does not the leading features of
the bill, that of a temporary provision to hold
: things in statu guo, apply as well to the amend-
; ment of the Senator from New York as it does
i: to the principal provision of the hill? Most
• certainly it does. The Senator from Missouri
cannot deny it. Therefore, all that the prop-
osition of the Senator from New York is is
simply this: that, we Khali say, in connection,
for the temporary purposes of the moment,
with the fact that tne currency shall not be
drawn in, that it shall not be expanded. Then,
! as the"Senator from Indiana says, the people
1 who are looking with interest to see what is
I the state of the,currency and what it is to be
j will know that this act of ours on the subject
! of stopping contraction is not committing us
| in advance to any other thing than holding it
I just where it "is until the bill of my friend from
I Ohio, which in many respects is a very gpod
bill indeed, or some kindred bill, cau.be con-
1 sidered.
j! Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator from
!; Vermont £ive way to enable ipe to make a mo-
i1 tion to adjourn ?
,j Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly. J will do so
ji now.
II Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the . Senator from
: Pennsylvania will not make that motion.
: Mr. CAMERON. I think it is evident that
I we cannot get throngh to-night. It is now .a
p quarter past five o'clock. I move therefore
| ] that the Senate do now adjourn.
;j Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and
; nays on that motion.
i The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
i taken, resulted—yeo  20, nays 2-3; as fol-
i lows:
i YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron.Chandler, Conk-
1 ling, Conness, Corbett, Crngin. Davis, Dixon, Drake,
j- Edmunds, Ferry, Hendricks. Morgan, Nye, Pntter-
; son of New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Ram-
I ecy. Sumner, ana Van Winkle—20.
!' NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Cole, Doolittle,
! Fowler, Frel ingbnysen, Harlan, Henderson, Howard,
! Howe, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Norton, Pomeroy,
' Ross, Sherman, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull,
1 wade. Willcy, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—25.
j ABSENT—Messrs. Buekalew. Fessenden, Grimes,
! Gutbrie, Johnson, Morrill of Vermbnt, Saulsbury,
.  and Sprague—8.
; Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall have finished what
I have to say at this time in a very few mo-
: ments. Tb&auestion that is involved in this
! amendment of the Sepalor from New York is
fairly stated by the Senator from Missouri. It
is pretty clear in the opinion of the Senator
from Missouri and in my own opinion, and at
least doubtful in the opinion of others, that
refusing to adopt this amendment is to leave
the Secretary ot the Treasury an existing discre-
tion to increase the currency to $400,000,000,
and in a certain contingency to $460,000,000,
The Senator from Missouri has fairly arid openly
stated that that is the only purpose he has in
view as a member of the Financc Committee.
He has stated it with the frankness that be-
longs to him ; and I nin glad that he has, be-
cause this is one of the questions upon which
I believe there should be no disguises, that gen-
, tlcuien should frankly avow their opinions and
; stand by them as long as there are good reasons
; for doing so.
1 The question is, therefore, upon the real merit
! of this amendment, and it is not, as has been
argued by the Senator from Ohio, a mere waste
6f time in discussing whether a few words are
necessary or unnecessary. The realqnestionis,
whether the idea embraced in the amendment is
' right and proper in itself; and that involves the
question whether it is good policy for this Gov-
ernment to leave with the Secretary of the
Treasury, whoever he may be, a discretion to
expand the volume, not of the general currency
of the country in the ordinary sense in which that
term is used under normal conditions and rela-
tions of things, but the currency of the country
composed of the promises of the United States
ilieraselves to pay gold coin or silver for their
notes when they are unable to pay those that
are already outstanding. That is the question,
and I respectfully submit to Senators that that
is a very serious question, and whatever may be
our opinions upon it, pro or con, the conse-
quences one way or the other will be serious to
I the country. It will either turn out, if the idea
of the expansion of our own notes is adopted,
that the business of the country will be ip-
; proved, its wealth developed, and its prosperity
enhanced, as I believe my friend from Missouri
thinks, or it will turn out, as I believe, that the
ratio of expansion will be met in every step by
an equal ratio of depreciation, and therefore
that swelling the volume of our promises from
four hundred million to five hundred million or
six hundred million will not in reality furnish
the currency that my friend from Missouri
desires for the purpose of business in that State,
because 1 am sure he will agree with me that
if currency as it is issued depreciates in ratio
to the increase of its volume it does not aid the
business of the country at all, because it takes
just so much more money, so many more bills,
to move the same amount of property. Am I
not right ?
Mr. HENDERSON. No. I have already
stated—and I should, like to hear the Senator's
reasons for it—that when the volume of our
currency was double what it now is gold was
at a premium of but twenty-five per cent. -That
being so, how does he account for. the fact that
it is thirty-eight to-day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am coming to that.
That is not the proposition I am. now advanc-
ing. I say that if an increase of the volume
of your promises to pay does depreciate their
value in proportion to that increase, then you
gain nothing in the wt^y of furnishing cupency
to the country. That is the proposition to
which I invited the attention of my friend.
The other we-will consider when we come
to it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not admit even
that proposition, that if you double the amount
of the circulating medium prices are_ doubled,
and therefore the increase of the circulating
medium gives no relief to the coqntry ; I say
it may give relief, and very large relief, and
often does. . . .
Then the other proposition I cannot admit,
that prices are necessarily increased by the in-
crease of the currency, and certainly if they
are increased it is not in the same ratio.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, in a certain,
gense the last observation of my friend is cor-
rect. Prices are not necessarily increased by
an increase of a currency, provided that cnr-
rency is convertible into tne real money of the
world j gold and silver. It takes a very la^ge i n-
crease, indeed, of gold and silver, and therefore
of their representative which is convertible into
them, to affect the general volume of prices in a
country much larger on account of the scarcity
