1868.
THE COi\;ai{ESS-IO:NAL GLG'.
crnraent refuses to take up its notes, and others
do likewise. These things cannot be without
a shock to public morals. Honesty ceases to
be eveu a policy. Broken contracts prepare
the way for crime, which comes to complete
the pierure.
Our foreign commerce is not less disturbed,
for here we are brought wiihin the sphere of
other laws than our own. Gold is the standard
of business throughout the civilized world.
Until it becomes again the standard among
us we are not, according to the familiar
phrase of President Lincoln, "in practical
relations" with the civilized world. We are
States out of the great Union. Our currency
has the stamp of legality at home ; but it is
worthless abroad. In all foreign transactions
we are driven to purchase gold at a premium,
or to adopt a system of "barter, which belongs
to the earlier stages of commerce. Corn,
wheat, and cotton are exchanged for the prod-
ucts we desire, and this traffic is the coarse
substitute for that refined and plastic system
of exchanges which adapts itself so easily to
all the demands of business. Commerce with
foreign Powers is prosecuted at an incalculable
disadvantage. Our shipping, which in times
past has been the pride of the Nation, whiten-
ing every sea with its sails, is reduced in num-
ber and value. Driven from the ocean by
pirate (lags during the rebellion, it cannot
struggle back to its ancient supremacy until
the accustomed laws of trade once more resume
their rule.
now TO ARRIVE AT SPECIE PAYMENTS.
There are few who will deny the transcend-
ent evil which I have set forth. There are
few who will advocate inconvertible paper as
currency. How shall thy remedy be applied?
On this question, so interesting to the business
and good name of the country there are theo-
ries without number; some so ingenious as
to be artilicial rather than natural. What is
natural is simple; and I am persuaded that
our remedy must be of this character.
The legal-tender note, which we wish to ex-
pel from our currency, has two different char-
acters; first., as mere currency, for use in the
transactions of business-; and, secondly, as
real value from the assurance that ultimately
it will be paid in coin, according to its promise,
These two different characters may be senten-
tiously expressed as availability and converti-
bility. The notes are now available without
being convertible. Our desire is to make them
convertible; in other words, the equivalent of
coin in value, dollar for dollar. Ou the 1st of
June last past these notes were $388, 645, 801
in amount.
Discarding theories, however ingenious, and
following nature, I call attention, to a few prac-
tical points before reverting to those cardi-
nal principles applicable to this subject, from
which there can be no appeal.
First. The present proposition for funding is
an excellent measure for this purpose, being at
once simple and practical; not that it contains
any direct promise for the redemption of our
currency, but because it places l he national debt
on a permanent footing ata smaller interestthan
is now paid. By this change three things, es-
sential to financial reconstruction, are pro-
moted ; economy, stability, and national credit.
With these once established, specie-payments
cannot be long postponed.
Secondly. Another measure of immediate
value is the legalization of contracts in coin,
so that henceforth all agreements made in coin
may be legally enforced in coin or its equiva-
lent. This would establish specie payments
wherever parties desired, and to this extent
begin the much-desired change._ Contracts in
coin would increase and multiply, until the
exception became the rule. There would for
a time be two currencies; but the better must
gradually prevail. The essential equity of the
new system would be apparent; while there
would be a charm in once more looking upon
familiar faces long hidden from sight, as the
hoarded coin came forth. Nor can any pos
sible injury ensue. The legalisation is
cable only to future contracts, as the parties
mutually agree. Every citizen in this respect
would, be a law to himself. If he chose in his
own business to resume specie payments, lje
could do so. There would be a voluntary
resumption by the people, one by one. But
this influence could not be confined to the
immediate parties. Beyond the contagion of
its example, there would be a positive neces-
sity on the parj; of the banks, that they should
adapt themselves to the exigency by the sub-
stitution of proper commercial equivalents;
and thus again we take another step in specie
payments.
Thirdly. Another measure of practical value
is the contraction of the existing currency, so
as to bring it on a par with coin, dollar for
dollar. Before alluding to any of the expe-
dients to accomplish this precious object, it is
important to arrive at some ideaof theamount
of currency of all kinds required for the busi-
ness of the country. To do this, we may look
at the currency before the rebellion, when
business was in its normal condition. I shall
not occupy space with tables, although they are
now before me, but couteut myself with re-
sults. From the official reportof the Treasury,
it appears that, on the 1st of January, I860,
the whole active circulation of the country,
including bank circulation, bank deposits avail-
able as currency, specie in bank, specie in
Treasury, estimated specie in circulation, and
deducting reserves, amounted to $542,097,204.
It may be assumed that this sum total was
the amount of currency required at the time.
From the same official tables, it appears that,
on the 1st of October, 1SG7, the whole active
circulation of the country, beginning with
green backs and fractional currency, and includ-
ing all the items in the other account, amounted
to $1,245,138,193. Thus from 1860, when the
currency was normal, to 18G7, some time after
the suspension of specie payments, there was
an increase of one hundred and thirty per
cent. Omitting bank deposits for both years
the increase was one hundred and forty six
per cent. Making due allowance for the in-
crease of population, business, and Govern-
ment transactions, there remains a consider-
able portion of this advance, which must be
attributed to the abnormal condition of the
currency. I follow various estimates in put-
ting this at sixty or seventy per cent., repre-
senting the difference of prices at the two dif
fereut periods, and the corresponding excess
of currency above the requirements of the
country. Therefore, for the reduction of prices,
there must be a reduction of the currency ;
and this must be to the amount of $300,000,000.
So it seems, unless these figures err.
Against the movement for contraction, which
is commended by its simplicity and its tend-
ency to a normal condition of things, we
have two adverse policies; one the stand-still
policy, and the other, worse yet, the policy
of inllation. By the first the currency is left
in statu quo—stationary—subject to the influ-
ence of other conditions which may operate to
reduce it. Better stand still than move in a
wrong direction. By the latter the currency is
enlarged at the expense of the people—beingat
once a tax and a derangement of values. You
pamper the morbid appetite for paper money
and play the discarded part of John Law.
You blow up a bladder, without thinking that
it is nothing but a bladder, ready to burst. As
the volume of currency is increased the pur-
chasing power of each dollar is reduced in pro-
portion. As you add to the currency you take
from the dollar. You do little more than mark
your goods at higher prices and imagine that
they have increased in value. Already the
price is too high. Do not make it higher.
Already the currency is corrupted. Do not
corrupt it more. The cream has been reduced
to skimmed-milk. Do not let it be reduced to
chalk and water. Let there be national cream
for all the people.
Obviously any contraction of the currency
must be conducted with caution, so as to inter-
fere as little as possible with existing interests.
It should be understood in ^dv^nce, so that
business m^y. adapt, itself to the change. Once
understood, it must be pursued'wisely to the
end. 1 call attention to a few of the expedi-
ents by which this contraction may be made.
■ 1. Any holder may have liberty to fund his
greenbacks in bonds, as he inny desire, so that,
as coin increased, they would be merged in the
funded debt and the currency be reduced in
corresponding proportion.
2. Greenbacks when received at the Treas-
ury may be canceled, or they may be redeemed
directly, so far as the coin on hand will per-
mit.
3. Greenbacks may be converted into com-
pound-interest notes, to be funded in monthly
installments, running over a period of years,
thus reaching specie payments within a brie,f
period.
4. Another expedient, more active still, is
the application of the coin ou hand to the
payment of greenbacks at a given rate, say
{>(3,000,000 a month—selecting for payment
those holders who present the largest, amount
of live twenties for conversion into the loug
bonds at a low rate of interest, or shall pay the
highest premium on such bonds.
1 mention these as expedients, calculated
to operate in the same direction—without vio-
lent change or spasmodic action. Under their
mild and beneficent influence the currency
would be gradually reduced, so that the final
step when taken would be hardly felt. With
so great an object in view, 1 do not doubt its
accomplishment at an early day, if the Nation
only wills it. '-Where there is a will there is
a way," and never was this proverb truer than
on this occasion. To my miad it, is clear that,
when the Nation wills a currency in coin, then
must this victory over the Rebellion be won;
provided always that there is no tailure in thoso
other things on which I have also dwelt, as the
condiUuns-prccedcnt of this final victory.
CONCLUSION.
IIow vain it is to expect financial reconstruc-
tion until political reconstruction has been com-
pleted, 1 have already showr. IIow vain to
expect specie payments, until the Nation has
once more gained its natural vigor, and it
has become one in reality asin name. Let this
be, and the Nation will be like a strong man,
in the full enjoyment of all his forces, coping
with the trials of life.
There must also be peace within our borders,
so that there shall be no discord between Pres-
ident and Congress. Therefore, so long as An-
drew Johnson is President, the return to specie
payments is impossible. So long as a great
party, called Democratic, better now called
Rebel, wars on that political reconstruction,
which Congress has organized, there can be no
specie payments. So long as any President,
or any political party, denies the Equal Rights
of the freedman, it is vain to expect specie
payments. Whoso would have equity must do
equity ; and now, it'you would have specie pay-
ments, you must do this great equity. The rest
will follow. When General Grant said, '-Let
us have peace" he said also, "Let us have
specie payments." Among all the blessed
gifts of peace there is none more certain.
Nor must it be forgotten, that there can ho
no departure in any way from the require-
ments of Public Faith. This is a perpetual
obligation, complete in all respects and just as
applicable to the freedtnaa as to the bond-
holder. Repudiation in all its forms, direct
or indirect, whether of the freedman or the
bondholder, must be repudiated. Both are
under the same safeguard, and there is the
same certain disaster from any repudiation of
either. Unless the Public Faith is preserved,
you cannot fund your debt at a smaller inter-
est; you cannot convert your greenbacks ; you
cannot comply with the essential terms of
reconstruction. Amid all surrounding abun-
dance you are poor and powerless, for you are
dishonored. Do not say, as an apology, that
all should have the same currency. True as
this may be, it is a cheat when used to cover
dishonor. The currency of all should ba coin,
