2042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Juh£ 8,
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. gorham,
its Secretary, announced that that body had
passed without amendment a joint resolution
(H. II. No.^ 284) to provide for the removal of
a suit pending in the circuit Qourt of J efferson
county, West Virginia, to the circuit court of
the United States.
Also, that the Senate had passed without
amendment a joint resolution (H. 11. No. 287)
for the restoration of Captain James F. Arm-
strong, United States Navy, to the active list
from the retired list.
recusant witness.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of receiving the petition
of Charles W. Woolley, which completely
purges the contempt charged upon him, and ask
that he be discharged. The facts, which he
states fully, I think will satisfy the House that
he ought now to be discharged.
The SPEAKER. Is the gentleman's motion
in writing?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It is; that is, the reso-
lution for the discharge.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 rise to a question of
order, and as preliminary to the point of order
I ask if this is the same paper that was asked
to be presented by the Speaker and was ruled
out?
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman must state
his point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is making
a point of order. It is not argumentative ; it
is stating a point of order against a proposition.
Mr. BUTLER. My point of order is, that
this paper was in the hands of the Speaker,
and is improperly out of his hands.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, and must necessarily do so,
though he would like to have some other Pre-
siding Officer do it, on the ground that it would
be stating that he had done an improper act.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not wish to do that.
The SPEAKER. The point of order in-
cludes the statement that' the paper was im-
properly out of his hands. It went by volun-
tary consent, as the gentleman who requested
it said he desired to return it to the attorneys
or some person who would have charge of it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. To exculpate the Speaker
entirely, I will state that the paper which was
presented to the Speaker and offered by him
I called upon the Speaker for, at the request
of the attorneys for Mr. Woolley.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understood.
Mr. BUTLER. The point I mean to make
is this: after a document from a witness, in
contempt and in custody of this House, is put
in the hands of the Speaker, with a written
'request to present it to the House, and after
the document has been offered to the House
and it has acted on the question of its recep-
tion, it cannot be withdrawn without the con-
sent of the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will see
that the action of the House is directly the
reverse of the point of order he has made. The
Chair presented the paper and asked unani-
mous consent of the House to receive it. The
House, on the objection of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Bctler,] refused to re-
ceive it. Theref®re the House has nothing
more to do withitthan with any resolution which
jt refuses to receive. It then remained in the
o.ustody of the Speaker, and he had either to
keep it with his own private papers, refer it
under the rule, or hand it to some member
who might request it on behalf of the witness.
The Chair handed it to the member after the
House refused to receive it.
Mr. BUTLER. I object to the reception of
the paper.
The SPEAKER. -It is not yet before the
House. The gentlem&ij moves to suspend the
rules for the purpose of', offering a resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I present a petition of
Mr. Woolley w'nieh fully .purges his contempt
in my opinion. If that's is received, I
drawn a resolution that he be discharged.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for a division of
the question, first on the motion to suspend
the rules and then on discharging the witness.
They are distinct propositions.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Of course the House
will act on the resolution as it sees fit, if it
receives the petition.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
if the House suspends the rules for the purpose
of receiving the paper it will then be before
the House, and any resolution that naturally
grows out of it would then be in order. The
gentleman from Wisconsin can therefore with-
hold his resolution until after the question is
taken on the reception of the paper.
The question was put on Mr. Eldridse's
motion, and there were thirty-four in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were yeas
38, nays 79, not voting 72; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ax tell, Baker, Barnes. Beck, Boyer,
Brooks, Burr, Jildridge. Gotx, Golladay, Grover.
IIaightv Holman, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Johnson,
Jones, Knott, Marshall, McCormick, Morrissey, Nib-
lack, Nunn. Phelps.Polsley.Randall, Ross.Schenck,
Sitgreaves, Stewart, Stone, Taber, Lawrence S. Trim-
hie. Van Auken, Van Trump, Windom, Wood, and
Woodward—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, lieaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Ben-
ton, Bromwell, Butler, Cake, Churchill, Reader W.
Clarke. Sidney Clarke, Cobb. Cook, Covode. Cullom,
Delano, Eckley, Egglcston, Bliot.Farnsworth.Ferriss,
Ferry, Fields, Garfield, Gravely, Grisvvold, Harding,
Higby,lIooper,Hopkins,ChesterD. Hub bard, Hunter,
Judd, Julian. Kitchen, Ivoontz.Laflin, Lincoln,Loan,
Logan, Loughridge, Maynard, M^Clurg, Mereur,
Miller.Mooie, Moirell, Mull ins, O'Neill, Paine, Pile,
Plants, Raum, Sawyer, Scoiield, Shellaaarger. Stark-
weather, Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes, Taffe, Taylor.
Thomas, John Trimble, Trowbridge. Twiehell.XJpson,
VanAernam, RobertX. Vanllorn, Van Wyck.Ward,
Elihu B. Washburne, Ilenry D. Washburn, William
B. Washburn, AVelker, William Williams, and John
T. Wilson—79.
NOT VOT1NG—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer,
Arnell, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks, Barnum, Bingham,
Blaine, Blair, Boutwell, Broomall, Buckland, Gary,
Chanler, Cuburn, Cornell, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge,
Donnelly, Driggs, Kl;i, Finney, Fox, Glossbrenner.
Ilalsey, Hawkins, Hill, Asahel W.IIubbard, Richard
D. Hubbard, llulburd, Humphrey, Jenckes, Kelley,
Kelscy, Kerr, Ketcham.George V.Lawrenee.William
Lawrence, Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy, Mc-
Cullough, Moorhead, Mungen, Myers, Newcomb,
Nicholson, Orth, Perharn, Peters, Pike, Poland, Pom-
eroy. Price, Pruyn, Robertson, Robinson, Selye,
Shanks, Smith. Spalding, Thaddeus Stevens, Burt
Van Horn, CadwaladerC. Washburn, Thomas Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, Stephen P. Wilson, and
Woodbridge—172.
So two thirds not voting in favor thereof,
the rules were not suspended.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. IIOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the follow-
ing titles ; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 419) granting a pension to
Mary Atkinson ; and
An act (S. No. 319) granting a pension to
Bridget W. McGrorty and the minor children
of William B. McGrorty, deceased.
recusant witness.
Mr. SHELLABARGER.* I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege. I offer the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That Charles W. Woolley, now under
the arrest of this House for contempt of the author-
ity of the House, be ordered to the bar of the House,
for the purpose of making such statement as will
purge him of his contempt of sueh authority.
Jtfr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does
Woolley desire that?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I answer the ques-
tion thai; Woolley has, by the voice of one of
the members of this House, indicated to the
j House that he desires to make a statement to it
I purging himself of the contempt under which
he is. That, in my apprehension, is authority
or indication enough to authorize the House to
adopt the action proposed by this resolution.
This House cannot divest itself of one of its
inherent rights. As for example, it cannot
refer to a committee the matter of its right to
adjourn. Its right at all times to hear a pris-
oner who is alleged to be in contempt of the
authority of the House is one of those inalien-
able rights which the House cannotcommit to
the discretion of a committee, and whiph is not
included, as I understand the resolution of my
friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
within the design of his resolution. Itis, there-
fore, a privileged question, I suggest to my
friend from Illinois, tvhich at all times the House,
from its own nature and character, must have
the privilege at once to enter upon and con-
sider. It is a matter relating to the organiza-
tion and business and dignity of the House. It
is a privileged question, and a prisoner having
indicated his purpose to purge himself of his
contempt, it must at all times be in order to
hear his answer and purgation of contempt.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Shellabarger] presents this resolution
as a question of privilege, the witness having
been imprisoned by the authority and order
of the House for an alleged contempt of its
authority. It is a quesiion for the House to
determine, whether they will entertain this as
a question of privilege. If there is no objec-
tion the resolution will be entertained.
Mr. BUTLER. I object, unless the gentle-
man from Ohio says that he submits this rese-
lution at the request of the witness.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. It, is not submit-
ted in pursuance of any suggestion of the wit-
ness to me personally, for 1 have never seen
him; but it is presented upon a formal state-
ment made here in the hearing of the House
by a member of the House, who alleges, upon
his character as a member, that he holds in
his hand what, in the judgment of that mem-
ber, is a complete purgation of contempt.
That, it seems to me, is and must be, in the
very nature of the case, authority for the House
to at least hear the prisoner's statement.
Mr. BUTLER. I withdraw my objection.
No further objection being made, the reso-
lution was received.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded upon a
division—ayes sixty-six, noes not counted.
The main question was then ordered.
The question was taken upon the resolu-
tion ; and the Speaker announced that it was
adopted.
Mr. PAINE. I rose to call for the yeas
and nays upon the adoption of the resolution,
but failed to obtain the recognition of the Chair
in time to do so.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I raise the point of
order that the call for the yeas and nays is
made too late.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Paixe] will state that he did
call for the yeas and nays in time the Chair
will consider it as in time.
Mr. PAINE. I did not say in so many
words, " I call for the yeas and nays but I
said, " Mr. Speaker." As I was not recognized
by the Chair, I did not say anything more.
The SPEAKER. The Chair always, in
taking a question, says, "The ayes appear to
have it,': Or "the noes appear to have it,'' as
the case may be. and it is perfectly in order
for any member at that time to rise," interrupt
the Speaker, arid demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. PAINE. I rose for that purpose, but
did not make the demand. I would be glad
to have the yeas and nays upon this resolution.
The SPEAKER. It is now too Sate, except
by unanimous consent.
Objection was made by several members.
Mr. LOGAN. I move ilial the rules be sus-
pended, in order that the yeas and nays may
be ordered on this resolution.
The question was taken upon suspending the
rules, and (two thirds not voting in the aflirm-
ative) it was not agreed to.
The resolution was accordingly declared to
be adopted.
Mr. SHELLABARGER moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted: and also moved-that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
