1808.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBE.
585
pound note of the Bank of England or any i
other bank, and by producing a pound in coin
to pay it with, gold goes up and down, to be
sure, in a certain sense; aud the balance of
trade, of course, very largely affects it, as 1 have
said. If you are exporting gold and importing
champagne you caunot expect to get very rich
by it; but if on the other hand you export wheat
or pork or oil or whatever you may have to sell
and import gold for it, I take it the condition
of your country will improve.
But although this is fairly embraced within
the scope of this bill and the amendment, I
wish to confine myself now—and that was all
I rose to do, aside from defending myself from
the charge of the Senator from Ohio, which is
now disposed of—to a reply to my friend from
Missouri in relation to his affirmative propo-
sition that it would be just as easy for us to
honor our United States notes payable on
demand, by issuing more of the same sort that
we cannot now pay, as it would if we kept
them at their present volume. I had supposed
in private business that it was much easier for
a man to pay his debts the fewer notes he had
out; but it seems that my friend from Missouri
is disposed to believe that as to a government
it is just as easy for it to pay its debts, or, which
is the same thing, make its debts convertible
at the option of the holder into gold and silver
coin, if it increases the amount of these debts
as if it diminishes it. I am unable to see the
force of that.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to ask
the Senator if it is not easier for a debtor to
pay without interest than to pay with interest
the same amount of obligations.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Undoubtedly it is per-
fectly true that it is easier for a debtor to pay
without interest than it is to pay with interest;
and therefore, if there was nothing else in the
question, it would be much easier and better
for the United States to pay off all its bonds in
promises to pay on demand. That is all true
enough. It does not take any great amount
of arithmetic to show that it is easier for a
debtor to have a note out without interest than
it is to have it out with interest. But the Gov-
ernment of this country in putting out its notes
without interest still promises to pay them on
demand in coin. Now, suppose a particular
man who has a bond and wants the money to
speculate with says "I will change the bond
for paper," and he takes your paper money.
What does he do with it? Does he keep it?
Is he the man to suffer by its depreciation?
Not by any means. He puts it afloat in the
community; he pays it to somebody else ; and
by and by the country is flooded with millions,
and if my friend's view be correct and all
these bonds are exchanged for United States
demand notes, billions, of what? Of promises
that, so far as the mere position of the Gov-
ernment is concerned, are excellent for them,
because they will not pay them, and will not
pay any interest on them.
That would be very fine; but it is only
another name for repudiation; because the
Senator will find, unless this is to be an excep-
tion to all human experience in history, notes
of that kind would be depreciated so that they
would be sold by the bushel-basketful, like the
Continental money or the Austrian money.
That is the trouble about it. Besides, I have
understood that it was a part of the duty of
this Government, aside from paying its obli-
gations, to care for the welfare of its people.
If every bondholder was willing to exchange
his bonds for United States notes and to keep
those notes and not put them off on somebody
else to suffer, I should have no objection,
because it would be a mere matter of bargain
between the bondholdersand the Government;
and if they wished to do it we should have
no objection on our part. But that is a very
narrow statement of the matter indeed; and
there is the point in which the fallacy and
sophistry of my friend lies.
But, Mr. President, as I have said, I have
f o disposition to prolong the discussion. I
ielt it right to say thus much in reply to the
suggestions of the Senator from Ohio and the
Senator from Missouri.
Mr. CATTELL. I desire to occupy the
time of the Senate for but a single moment to
say that although the Senator from New York
has modified his amendment to meet the par-
ticular objection I had to it, I am nevertheless
compelled to vote against it, because I do not
wish to embarrass the bill with any new ques-
tion or any different question from that which
has been sent to us from the other House.
I wish to say, further, that the views of the
Senator from Missouri in regard to the power
of the Secretary of the Treasury over expan-
sion do not accord with my own. I do not be-
lieve that the Secretary of the Treasury has the
power, under our present legislation, to expand
the currency at will; and yet I cannot decide
that question, because when doctors disagree,
how shall plain men decide? The distinguished
lawyer at the head of the Finance Committee
thinks differently from my friend from Vermont
and my friend from New York. Now, if the
reference of a resolution of inquiry to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary should bring to light the
fact that that power is possessed by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, 1 will cheerfully vote for
any bill the Senator from New York will pre-
sent to withdraw it from him.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. Mr.
President, it was not my purpose to speak on
this bill, and I wish now simply to express
regret that the chairman of the Finance Com-
mittee and the friends of the bill should object
to the amendment which has been offered by
the Senator from New York. With that amend-
ment I can vote for the bill, without it I can-
not vote for the bill. And the reasons given
by gentlemen for not accepting this amend-
ment, it seems to me, are a little contradictory.
They tell us that the Secretary has not the
power now of increasing the United States
notes, and therefore that it is not necessary.
If it is not necessary it will certainly do no
harm, and it will serve to allay an .anxiety that
exists on this subject, not only in this Hall, but
outside of this Hall; for those who represent
the two sides of this question represent their
constituents at home. In every State of the
Union there are those who believe that this
question is immediately connected with the
question which lias been discussed in the news-
papers and in both Halls of Congress, in
respect to redeeming the United States bonds
in greenbacks. And, sir, it is of the last im-
portance, it seems to me, that we should settle
this question in a way to decide nothing in
respect to an increase of greenbacks at this
time.
Gentlemen say that the present aspects of
business in the country forbid that the Sec-
retary should contract the currency. If that
is so, I ask what need of this bill? It is a poor
rule that will not work both ways. If we can-
not contract, what need of the bill? If we
cannot expand, what reason for rejecting the
amendment which has been offered by my friend
from New York?
Now, sir, there are two parties in the coun-
try who are interested in this question. In the
first place, the day-laborers of this country, yvho
earn their daily bread by their daily labor, do
not want an expansion of the currency, because
the price of labor does not very rapidly follow
the price of articles which are purchased in the
markets. Take any man who is at work in a
cotton factory, or in a machine-shop, or on a
farm, for two dollars a day; you expand your
currency; he does not receive more than two
dollars a day for his labor, but he has to pay
twice as much for his tea and coffee, and he
has to pay perhaps five or ten dollars more a
barrel for his flour. It is a matter of vital im-
portance to him that the currency of the coun-
try should not be expanded.
Mr. POMEROY. Suppose you contract it,
so that the mill cannot be run at all?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
was going to speak of that in a moment if the
gentleman would wait. I say, then, it is a
matter of importance to that individual that
the currency should not be contracted beyond
a certain point. There can be no rest in the
finances of the country until the paper shall
have touched gold; that is the natural basis of
rest, of repose, and there will be no absolute
repose until the currency of the country reaches
that point—the point of gold value.
Then there is another class of individuals who
are interested in this question of expansion,
and that is the large bondholders, the men of
wealth who are reposing upon their luxury,
who are not called upon to labor for a living,
but all of whose property is invested in bonds.
They do not want any expansion because they
want their bonds redeemed in a currency which
has the value or nearly the value of gold.
Who is it that demands expansion? It is
simply the manufacturers or the producers who
have something to sell. They want expansion,
or, at any rate, they do not want contraction.
Hence it is that the men of the Northwest who
have wheat or corn to sell depricate this con-
traction of the currency, because it lowers the
price of wheat and of corn which was produced
when labor was high, and may cause a "loss on
the grain or whatever they have on hand to sell
on account of a too rapid contraction. Hence
the producers of the country desire that this
shall be arrested.
Now, for my own part, I am willing to at-
tempt to satisfy both of these classes in every
community; first the day-laborers, then the
rich men, who came forward in the emergency
of the Government and hazarded all the hard
earning of their labor and thrift for a lifetime
to save the Government when it was not cer-
tain that they would not lose the whole of it.
I am perfectly willing to do something to save
those men from losing that which they invested
in the life of the nation in that time of our
peril. More than that, I think we owe it to
the poor men of the country—to the men who
are limping through your streets monuments
of patriotism, monuments of their willingness
to die even for the salvation of the country,
not to expand the currency, because if you do
expand it according to the policy of some gen-
tlemen here, then that which they receive from
the Government as a pension will be a mere
shadow that will give them nothing to support
life; and the widows and the orphans of the
men who are sleeping on half a thousand san-
guinary fields will reap only ashes for bread.
These are the persons who have to suffer.
Gentlemen talk about paying the bonds in
greenbacks. Setting aside the legal question,
which was argued so ably by my friend from
Vermont, [Mr. Edmonds,] looking at it as
merely a question of equivalents, I will admit
that a man who holds a bond for which he paid
fifty cents on the dollar suffers no injustice if
he receives greenbacks now worth seventy-four
or seventy-six cents on the dollar for his bond,
because he receives more than he paid, a#d he
has received the interest on his bond which he
has sold at a premium. He therefore suffers
no injustice in point of equivalents—I set aside
of course the legal question. But it is just as
impossible for the Government to redeem these
bonds in greenbacks as in coin, and why?
Because the country cannot get the greenbacks
without a new issue. With the taxation which
we shall establish before the close of this ses-
sion of Congress, there will not be more than
$30,000,000 of surplus from the revenues after
we have paid the current expenses and the
interest on our debt.
With $30,000,000 a year, how are you going
to redeem $500,000,000 of bonds now redeem-
able? And if you begin the work of issuing
greenbacks to redeem these bonds it may go
on until you have issued $2,000,000,000, and
then the value of the paper dollar goes down
■pio seventy, fifty, forty, thirty cents, and the loss
of credit all over the country, the disbelief
in the possibility of the Government to ever
redeem the greenbacks throws this money
down to zero ; and what is the result upon the
country and upon the industry of the country ?
No man will engage in any manufacturing
business, no man will labor upon a farm, no
