1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
enrolled bill and joint resolutions.
Mr. ITOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled BUls, reported that they had ex-
amined and Ton ml truly enrolled a bill and
joint resolutions of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An aet (H. li. No. 1039) to admit the State
of Arkansas to representation in Congress;
Joint resolution (H. Ii. No. 284) to provide
forthe removal of a suit pending in the circuit
court of Jefferson county, West Virginia, to
the circuit court of the United States; and
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 287) forthe res-
toration of Captain James F. Armstrong,
United States Navy, to the active list from the
retired list.
order of business.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. ELIOT. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. SCHENCK. For what purpose?
Mr. ELIOT. I gave notice more than a
week ago that at the expiration of the morning
hour to-day I should seek to obtain the floor
for the purpose of moving that House bill No.
104G, being the" river and harbor bill, be taken
from the Committee of the Whole and assigned
for action in the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot yield the floor
for anything that will occasion debate or lead
to a call of the yeas and nay3.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
believe there will be any objection to the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
When the bill was reported I objected to its
consideration because I had an amendment
which I wanted to come in. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] agreed that
when the bill was taken up for action I should
have the opportunity to submit my amend-
ment. together with my report. Under these
circumstances I hope there will be no objection
to the arrangement proposed.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have said that if it is a
mere question of that kind occasioning no
debate I will yield. But if it occasions debate
or a vole by ^eas and nays I must object.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Massachusetts at what time he
proposes to consider that bill?
Mr. ELIOT. I will make my motion, and
then the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Maynard] will understand what I want. I
desire to move that the Comiliittee of the
Whole be discharged from the further consid-
eration of House bill No. 1040, which is the
river and harbor improvement bill, and that
the sama.be postponed until Friday next after
the morning hour, and then considered in the
House as in Committee of the Whole, without
the necessity of voting upon the separate items
of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I must
object to anything that suspends the rule which
gives the House the power to vote on every
item of the bill.
Mr. BLAINE. Certainly,youeannotdothat;
say "considered as in Committee of the Whole."
Mr. ELIOT. If there is any desire to vote
upon any special item of the bill, of course I
will not object. But it does not seem to me to
be worth while, upon a bill containing thirty
or forty different items, to have a separate vote
upon each clause, unless such is the desire of
the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is a
rule of the House now, and for one I object to
its feeing changed.
Mr. WOOD. So do I.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is one
of the best rules of the House.
Mr. ELIOT. I will modify my motion so
that the Committee of the Whole be discharged
from the further consideration of the bill,^and
that it be considered in the House as in Com-
mittee of the Whole on Friday next after the
morning hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish it
to be understood that the right to have a sepa-
rate vote upon every item is not waived.
Mr. ELIOT. It will not be waived unless
•on my motion; and I have already withdrawn
that part of my motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Eliot] moves that the rules be
suspended, and that the Committee of the
Whole be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the river and harbor bill, and the
same be assigned for consideration on Friday
next after the morning hour, and from day to
day until disposed of. This motion requires
for its adoption a two-thirds vote.
Mr. SCHENCK. If that motion be adopted
will it interfere with my right to move to go
into Committee of the Whole on the tax bill ?
The SPEAKER. On the expiration of the
morning hour upon Friday this order, if
adopted by a two-thirds vote, would operate,
and would preclude the motion to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on that day until this bill
had been in some way disposed of.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I cannot give way to
the gentleman from Massachusetts for any such
motion. I am willing that the gentleman's
bill shall come in after the tax bill, but not
before.
Mr. ELIOT. Will the gentleman agree to
the proposition if I say a week from next
Friday ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Let the gentleman say
immediately after the termination of action on
the tax bill.
Mr. ELIOT. I will do no such thing. I
give the gentleman notice that we shall send
the tax bill back to his committee before the
time I have named.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, Mr. Speaker, I
suppose that is a declaration of war. [Laugh-
ter.]
union pacific railroad, eastern division.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting a commu-
nication from General Hancock, respecting
assistance from the Government to the Union
Pacific railroad, eastern division ; which was
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, and ordered to be printed.
benjamin 5ialone.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, transmitting a
report of Judge Advocate L. C. Turner, on the
case of Benjamin Malone* late a paymaster
United States volunteers ; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
TAXATION OF UN'ITHD STATES BOND3.
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, is it in
order for me to ask to have my vote recorded
upon a proposition voted on this morning in
my absence?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot ask
unanimous consent for that purpose ; but it
would be in order for the gentleman to move
to suspend the rules.
Mr. MARSHALL. I will not ask that, but
will merely state that I was necessarily absent
this morning on important business at the
Departments; but if I had been present when
the vote was taken on the resolution of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] rela-
tive to the taxation of United States bonds, I
should have voted against laying the resolu-
tion on the table, against the motion to refer,
and, if the question had come before the House,
in favor of the adoption of the resolution.
leave of absence.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. On account
of the state of my health, I ask to be excused
' jam attendance at the evening sessions of the
Duse. *
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection,
the gentleman will be excused.
There was no objection. .
niagara ship-canal.
Mr. COOK. At the request of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Van Horn,] who
is necessarily absent, I ask consent to make a
report from the select Committee on the
Niagara Ship-Canal.
There being no objection,
Mr. COOK reported back, from the select
Committee on the Niagara Ship-Canal, a bill
(H. R. No. 792) to provide for the construc-
tion of a ship-canal around the Falls of Niag-
ara ; which was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the tax bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. The House has ordered the Sergeant-
at-Arms to bring Mr. Woolley to the bar of the
House, and it should be done immediately.
The liberty of the citizen is of more value
than the tax bill, which we have been notified
by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Eliot] will be referred back to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eld-
ridge] that the resolution to which he refers,
like all similar resolutions, requires to be en-
grossed. It is now being engrossed, as the
Chair learns from the Journal clerk, and will
be handed ,to the Sergeant-at-Arms imme-
diately. If'the House had ordered that all
business should be suspended until the_ reso-
lution had been engrossed and the witness
brought to the bar of the House the gentle-
man's point of order would be sound; but
such is not the order of the House.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 rise to a point of order, and
it is this: when on Monday morning d-fter the
morning hour notice is given of a motion to
suspend the rules for the purpose of removing
an appropriation bill from the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, it takes
precedence of a motion to suspend the rules
to go into Committee of the Whole. Since
I have been in Congress it has been the uni-
form rule, so far as I recollect, to give prece-
dence to similar motions to the one I have
made.
Mr. SCHENCK. But I had the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order on another ground. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts is familiar with the
practice of the House, and he knows that the
rules have been suspended and the tax bill
made the special order in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union after the
morning hour from day to day until disposed
of. The two orders stand upon the same
ground exactly, excepting that the one in re-
gard to the tax bill was first made.
Mr. ELIOT. I believe the Chair is right.
internal 1
The motion of Mr.
and the House accordingly
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Pomeroy in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 1060) to reduce into
one act and to amend the laws relating to inter-
nal taxes.
The pending section was section fifty-three,
which had been amended to read as follows :
Sec. 53. And be it further enacted, Xbat the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue is hereby authorised,
on appeal to him made within fifteen months lroui
the date of assessment thereof, to remi^ ail taxes
erroneously or illegally assessed, anu to retuna oy
requisition on the Treasury all taxes erroneously or
illegally collected,- such power to remit and retund
to extend to moneys assessed or collected as penal
in where an assessor or assistant assessor
o" shallha« adefed such penal U,: to'the asses
ment, and the Commissioner shall be oi opinion that
this addition wasimpro er. The ComroissioncrshaU
VUn h-rv-o dovot upon such appeal being made to
him as aforesaid,.to refund in like manner all fines
