420
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 1,
IJ;, of Reps.
Impeachment■—-Mr. Williams.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
and a like crime against the justice of the na-
tion.
The thirteenth article relates to the abuse of
the appointing power in the removal of merit-
orious publifi officers, for no other reason than
because they did not favor his policy; in the
refusal to nominate to places filled by him dur-
ing the recess, and retaining his creatures in
office after the adjournment of the Senate;
and in reappointing, after their adjournment,
men who had been rejected by them as entirely
incompetent. The cases under this lipad are
numerous and clear, as shown by the rec-
ords of the public offices themselves. That
they constitute an abuse of the highest and
most dangerous character, is shown by the judg-
ment of Congress in the passage of the law to
which they so much contributed—for the regu-
lation of the tenure of civil offices—the same
law which the President now disputes and
defies. And they are not obnoxious to a
doubt upon the question, whether they present
a case on which the claims of the Executive to
an unlimited, and uncontrollable authority over
the public offices, may be brought to the test of
a fair and impartial trial.
The next and last, but not the least of all
these articles, is that which charges the exer-
cise of a dispensing power over the test-oath law,
in the appointment to offices, and payment of
salaries to men who were notoriously incapaci-
tated thereby from entering upon the duties, or
receiving salaries therefor; and that on calcu-
lation, on t.he false pretense that loyal men
could not be had for that purpose, and for the
avowed reason that a proper policy of concil-
iation required that the taxes levied from a
lately rebellious people should be collected by
themselves, and that Congress might be allowed
the opportunity of reforming its policy by re-
pealing or altering the law so as to make it
correspond with his views of what it ought to
be. The offense charged here is one which is
distinguishable from all the others in the fact
that it involved not only one or many casual
violations of a law, but a declared and system-
atic purpose on the part of the Executive to
suspend its execution altogether, and that not
upon constitutional grounds, or because itinter-
fered with any of the powers claimed by him
under the Constitution, but because the policy
of Congress did not Harmonize with his own.
It is only necessary to observe that the last
claim of the prerogative in England, which was
extinguished forever by the Bill of Rights, was
the exercise of a dispensing power over the
laws, and the last act of the ill-starred James
If, the very same that has been rehearsed just
here. Tn both eases the law involved was a
test-oath law, with this only difference, that in
one case the test was a religious, while in the
other it was a political one.
And these, let me say, are but a part of the
many enormities that have been perpetrated by
Andrew Johnson in the pursuit of his illegiti-
mate purpose of forcing the rebel States into the
Union upon his own terms and against the will
of Congress. It would have been easy to ex-
tend the list, if necessary, by comprehending
within it the repeated abuses of the veto power;
the attempt to secure the vote of the Colorado
Senators as a condition of his approval of the
bili to admit that Territory into the Union as
a State ; the wholesale pardon and restoration
of pay to one hundred and ninety-three desert-
ers, with a view to the return of a Represent-
ative in Congress who would support his policy;
the wholesale proclamations of universal peace
and universal amnesty ; the resistance made
by him to the congressional plan of settlement;
the connivance in the butchery at New Or-
leans: and the systematic encouragement of a
spirit of disaffection throughout the South,
which has resulted m the exile or murder of
thousands of loyal men, both white and black,
whose only offense -vas their fidelity to the
Union. It would be difficult, indeed, to say
what provision of the Constitution, or what
11 law of Congress that stood in the way of his
unholy purposes, has not been trampled under
foot in his persistent, and thus far apparently
successful struggle with the legislative power.
There is enough here, however, to make the-
patriot turn away in despair at the idea that it
is not sufficient in itself to draw from the sur-
charged heart of the American Congress a
bolt of fiery wrath, that should blast the usurper
in the midst of his rejoicings, and consign him
to that infamy which shall not allow his mem-
ory to die among men.
Why, what and how many—to state the case
in the fewest words—are the offenses charged
here? Usurpations of power in every possi-
ble form that tyranny could have invented or
imagined. Usurpation in legislating without
the consent of Congress for the erection of
governments by proclamation, and claiming
for those proclamations the force of law; usurp-
ation in raising moneys to a vast amount,
without the consent of Congress, for the pur-
pose of maintaining those governments by the
appropriation of the public property and the
exercise of the taxing power; usurpation in
creating offices unknown to the law, and filling
them with the enemies of the Government,
and paying those enemies out of appropria-
tions made by law for other purposes ; usurpa-
tion in returning millions of captured property
belonging to the Government to the original
proprietors, without the consent or even the
knowledge of Congress, and without any con-
sideration whatever; usurpation and fraud in
transferring, by a pretended private sale to the
same individuals, other mil lions of Government
property on long terms of credit and without
security, and then postponing the payment for
the purpose of securing his own private debt;
usurpation in refunding to rebels large sums
of money arising from sales of captured and
abandoned property directed by law to be paid
into the Treasury ; usurpation in misusing and
abusing the pardoning power to purchase the
cooperation of the leading rebels in his unlaw-
ful plans of reconstruction ; usurpation in not
only refusing to enforce the laws enacted to
put down the rebellion, but absolutely pre-
venting their execution by arresting the pro-
cess of the courts, and turning public male-
factors loose without even a pardon; usurpa-
tion in the abuse of the appointing power by
the removal of meritorious officers, and filling
their'places, without the consent of the Seriate,
with his own minions in aid of his unlawful
purpose of maintaining his own governments
and forcing them into the Union against the
will of the loyal people; and to crown all,
usurpation the most insolent and high-handed
in the exercise of a dispensing power over the
laws enacted to carry out the policy of Con-
gress, by appointing rebels to office in open
defiance thereof, and substituting his own will
tor that of the law-maker himself!
Is there nothing here to make his impeach-
ment a duty, and his conviction a certainty if
there is any virtue or honor or patriotism left
among men? What could he have done more,
if it had been his purpose to revolutionize this
Government, and assume to himself the powers
of a dictator? Why should you sit here to go
through the forms of legislation, while there is
a power at the other end of the avenue which
is above the Constitution and the laws, and
deals with you and your public property, and
that, too, without inquiry and rebuke, as though
it were the absolute master of both ? Would
the founders of the Republic, who staked their
fortunes and their lives upon their resistance
to the comparatively mild rule of a British
king, have believed it possible that the time
would come, and come so quickly, when all
these accumulated outrages could be srowded
into a single Republican Administration, and
not only tolerated, but crowned with a final
victory over the Congress and the people?
What was there in the chapter of grievances
with which the War of Independence opened—
what in the complaints of our ancestors—
what even in the long history of the struggle
between the royal prerogative and the privi-
leges of the Commons in England, unless it
be-the stout and successful resistance of-the
latter, that, has not been repeated and re-
hearsed in this nation within the last three
years? Is it the right to legislate-by procla-
mation, whinh was atone time, inthe estimation
of the Crown lawyers, the very flower of the
prerogative, and received the sanction of a sub-
servient Parliament in the reign of Henry VIII?
That perished substantially with the Tudors,
but you have it here in more than its pristine
luxuriance, in the establishment of govern-
ments, as well as in the enactment of laws,
until it has come to hold a conspicuous place
in the very volumes of your Statutes-at-Large.
Is it the right to govern without a Parliament,
and to tax the people without their own consent?
That was extinguished upon the scaffold from
which rolled the head of the self-willed, and
unfortunate Charles I; but you have it here in
renovated strength in the whole history of that
long interregnum of Congress, when Andrew
Johnson was scattering your property broad-
cast among his retainers, and authorizing his
governors to levy taxes from the conquered
people. Is it that last remnant of the prerog-
ative, the right to exercise a dispensing power
over the laws? That perished with the last
of the Stuarts, and was the very weight that
pulled him down. But you have that too here,
on American soil, in the confessed and inten-
tional dispensation with your test-oath law.
What more do you want, then, to convict this
man ?
If he had intended to make a case for you,
could he have made it stronger? Where do
the records of Parliament furnish one that
combined so many atrocities, so many violations
of law, so many open attacks upon the liberties
of a free people? What wa^ there in the
attempt to remove a Secretary of War, great
as was the offense, that could compare in real
magnitude and probable, influence as a prece-
dent, upon future times, with such acts as these?
If our ancestors thought it worth the risks of
an unequal war to resist a claim of power that
did not involve even the least of these imperial
pretensions, how are we to excuse ourselves to
posterity for the refusal to call this great delin-
quent to account for the much higher crimes
which he has committed? Can we ignore these
things and continue free? Are we degenerate?
"Have our hands grown weak, or our hearts
waxed cold," orare we tositdown and content
ourselves with complaints about the shortcom-
ings of the Senate, when we have ourselves
rel'used to present to them a case wherein no
sophistry, no scholastic refinements, no tech-
nical subtleties, no jugglery of words, can frame
an apology for a refusal to convict?
But then it will be insisted, perhaps, as it
has been on the recent trial by those who ree-
nized the weightof these accumulated offenses,
in thewayof answer to theargument attempted
to be drawn therefrom, that they were not made
the specific subjects of accusation only because
they had been already passed upon, and their
truth either disaffirmed, or their sufficiency
denied by the solemn judgment of this House.
That they were not charged is certainly no
fault of mine. I trust I may be permitted to
say, however, that the conclusion thus drawn
from the previous action of this body is entirely
unwarranted by anything that was done here.
That there could have been any considerable
number of men on either side who doubted as
to the facts, in a case where they rested almost
exclusively upon the absolute verity of the pub-
lic records, and were, therefore, not even open
to contradiction, was morally impossible. That
there were any to speak of, O'l the Republican
side, except the two dissenting members of the
committee, who felt any difficulty in regard to
their sufficiency in law to authorize an impeach-
ment, I do not believe, and cannot, as I think,
