1920
ITHR CONGRESSIONAL GLOBlk
March
it a year or two ago, all that was asked of us
■was to repeal the tax on crude petroleum.
The parties interested then said they were per-
fectly willing to pay the tax on the refined ar-
ticle, as they had the benefit of the protection
—it operates as a protection to them—and
they arranged and wrote out the law to suit
themselves, and fixed the rate and fixed the
various degrees. If Senators will look at the
internal revenue laws, they will find various
rates of tax for different qualities of products,
some ten cents a gallon, some twenty, and
some at other rates. They arranged that to
suit themselves. From the statement they
now make to us, I am satisfied that there are
some corrections necessary to be made in this
tax. The article above a certain grade is free
from tax, and below a certain grade is free
from tax ; and under these exemptions frauds
have crept in by mixing one grade of article
with another. No doubt the proper commit-
tees will in due time make the necessary
changes in the law to meet this difficulty. But
1 say to the Senate, that wc cannot now give
up this revenue, and this particular interest
lias no right to complain because we throw off
other taxes, for all this tax falls on the con-
sumer.
They complain that their interest is very
much depressed, languishing. Why? When
two years ago we dealt with the tax on petro-
leum, great fortunes had been made out of the
crude article, and we then repealed the tax on
crude petroleum; but now those who produce
it suffer just as much. It is not caused by (he
tax. It is caused by the over-stocking of the
market, by the depression in the price of the
article, both crude and refined. This is caused
not by our tax on the refined article, but it is
caused by the over production of petroleum.
Those who produce petroleum and pump it
from (lie well without any tax whatever, com-
plain just as much of the depression in their
business and of the small value of their crude
article as the refiners do.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I beg to interrupt
the Senator for a moment. He is now show-
ing, [ think, the best reason in the world for
reducing this tax. At the time he speaks of,
men were making fortunes out of the crude
article. They were selling it at thirty cents a
gallon at Parkersburg, and now they are very
glad if they can get eight or ten cents.
Mr. SHERMAN. In other words, when we
had a tax of several cents on crude petroleum
they were making fortunes; and now, when
there is no tax on crude petroleum, they are
all breaking up. We ought to restore the tax
according to that mode of reasoning; and if
we repeal the tax on refined oil the refiners
will not make any more money. The only
(juestion is whether the article itself can coine
in competition with other substitutes for it.
No one pretends that. We find that petro-
leum can drive out of the market any compe-
tition of any other article. It has driven the
hog from the prairie; we have to eat him now
instead of burning him. It has driven the
seal from the sea. It has taken the place of
all articles that produced light, and even with
the heavy tax on it it is the cheapest article
in the market, so that there is no doubt of its
ability to bear the tax against any competi-
tion ; and that is the only test of the meas-
ure of taxation that a given article will bear,
whether with the tax upon it any other article
can compete with it.
The Senator from West Virginia knows very
well that nothing can compete with refined
petroleum now either for burning purposes or
for the multitude of purposes for which it is
tised. It has driven out of use a multitude
of articles that before were the production of
various parts of our country among the rest
turpentine ; and to avoid all complaint we have
retained the tax oh turpentine in this bill,
although the other House propose to repeal it.
Mr. CAMERON. I should not have risen
to say another word on this subject were it not
for the fact that I believe the information of
the Senator from Ohio is not very accurate.
To my mind he does not seem to understand
the business of petroleum very well. Ho says
it is a profitable production.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no.
Mr. CAMERON. At any rate the Senator
says its product has been increased.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not say a word
about that. I did not say that it was profit-
able, or that the product had increased.
Mr. CAMERON. I think the Senator said
something very much like it. He said it had
no competition or something like that. The
fact is that the manufacturers of refined petro-
leum have great competition in Europe. In
Belgium they can refine the crude oil much
more cheaply than it can be done here, and
they make a larger profit by it because they
can use constituent parts of the oil which are
not used here. Benzine, for instance, is used
by the poor people of the low countries—Bel-
gium and Holland and all around there—for
lamps. They have a cheap sort of lamp in
which they use this article, and by the addition
of a spouge explosion is prevented. That
makes a very slight light which would not be
used here, but which the poor people there are
willing to use. So far do they carry this that
they reexport to this country tlie barrels which
go to that country with the oil. The empty
barrels are sent back here and bought again
by our manufacturers. Barrels here cost from
a dollar to a dollar and a half apiece ; 1 believe
about a dollar and a quarter now. In Belgium
they have them manufactured at half that
price.
The business of refining oil is carried on
abroad very largely, as I understand. The
article is a natural product ot our soil, which
some years ago was produced in immense
quantities. Single wells produced a thousand
barrels .in a day. Now, with pumps and all
other appliances in use scarcely any of the
wells produce more than two or three barrels
a day. At one time the tax might very easily
have been borne when the whole oil region was
full of wells, when the ancient landholders
had sold out their lands at an immense profit.
Men who were willing before oil was discovered
to sell their lands at a dollar an acre sold many
of them for three hundred or four hundred
dollars an acre. They were full of money and
everybody in the country was in wild >-pecula
tion. At that time it could have borne a tax
very well; but now the whole oil country is
prostrate ; the original landholders have taken
their money and gone away, and those who put
money in there are impoverished. The whole
business is languishing aftd requires as much
care and protection now as any other branch
of the industry of the country.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, there
are two or three considerations that ought to
control the judgment of the Senate upon this
subject which are somewhat independent of
the particular matters of detail that have been
mentioned in the debate.
In the first place, the products of petroleum
are articles of necessityto the country. They
bear a very different character from those
which the Committee on Finance have pro-
posed to place in this bill as additional excep-
tions, to wit, articles of jewelry and various
others mentioned in the amendment proposed
by the committee. These are articles of com-
mon necessity, and are becoming of general
use in this country and abroad. If there should
be any discrimination between different arti-
cles of manufacture by reason of the uses to
which they are applied and of the common
necessities which they meet in our own and in
other countries, such discrimination should
favor the products of petroleum. I think that
in selecting a few articles out of the large list
covered by the former section which it is now
proposed to repeal we should take this con-
sideration largely into account: because these
are articles of necessity we should allow tliein
to be included among those upon which there
is to be a repeal of the taxation now provided
by our revenue laws.
Again, sir, petroleum in the various forms
which it assumes is a new article in the mar-
kets of the world; it is of comparatively
recent introduction, and I consider it to be
good public policy to allow it to go out with-
out restriction or incumbrance whereverit can
go, so that at as early a period as possible it
shall command the markets of the world in
preference to naphtha and other articles which
are produced in other countries and against
which for a time at least it will have to strug-
gle. Is not that a just and legitimate consid-
eration in settling public policy?
Again, Mr. President, this is an article of
export. The pressing want of our country
now is the command of foreign markets. By
reason of our difficulties at home arising from
the war, and because our country is new and cap-
ital among us limited in amount, other nations
are ahead of us in commanding the markets
abroad. Here is an article which we can
send abroad both in a crude slate and in man-
ufactured forms ; here is an article which can
be a basis for exchanges between us and for-
eign countries, and indirectly the foundation
upon which our financial system can in part
repose. And because it is one of the articles
by which our commercial and monetary inter-
ests may bo sustained in future it should be
cherished, and not bm-dened.
] f, therefore, regard be had to general consid-
erations independent of the particular points
which have been alluded to, 1 think the argu-
ment is stronger in favor of exempting petro-
leum and all its products from taxation, than
it is in favor of exempting any other article in
the revenue list except cotton. A temporary
exemption of cotton may be more neccssary
on account of the peculiar condition of the
southern country. For my part I shall not
only vote for (he amendment of the Senator
from West Virginia, but shall stand ready at
all times to vote for any motion or proposition
which will remove or keep off taxation from
petroleum, and from all the products which
are niauufaeUii ed from it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
eot in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from West Virginia.
Mr. BUCKALEW called for the yeas and
nays, and tlicy were ordered.
Mr. MORR! LL, of Vermont. I notice by
some remarks of the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia, who was last up, that he supposed our
existing law in some way obstructs the export-
ation of the article.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I meant those remarks
to apply entirely to the subject-matter of the
present amendment, the products of petroleum.
I am well aware that there is no taxation of
the crude article.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. But, whether
the present amendment passes or not, there
will be no more and no less obstruction to the
exportation of the article. There is none, in
fact, existing now. Mr. President, the sole
distress of the parties engaged in this business
is the competition among themselves. There
is no article which competes with it. We retaiu
the tax upon gas the same as it is now. In
relation to the new discoveries mentioned by
the Senator from Massachusetts, I will inform
him that shale was distilled in England long-
before petroleum was found in this country, and
there was a patent there which lias only recently
expired ; and the distillation of coal was known
long before and competed just as much hereto-
fore as now. I do not desire to protract the
discussion. I trust that the amendment will be
voted down.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 20 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Cameron, Cattell, Cole,
Colliding, Oragin, DoolittSe, Fowler, Frelingtiuysen,
Henderson, 'Homjrick.-, John.-on, McCreery, -Norton,
Sauisbury, Stewart, Sumner. Tijiton, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Viekers, and Willej—
NAYS—Mes-Ms. Anthony, Chandler, Conness, Cor-
belt, Dixon, Drake, Edinuods, Ferry, 1-V.- ■■cmlo!!,
Urinios, Howard, Morgan, Moiriit of Vermont. Pome-
ruy. Ramsey, Koss, Sherman, Wade, Williams, and
Y a i''-' 20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, T) >vi", Harlan, Howej
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nye, Patterson of Now
