2944
MM C0N&RES8IQN.AX &L0BE.
June 8,
or penalties collected without authority, or collected
in cases where the tax shall have been refunded
under the power herein given: Provided, Thatwhere
a second assessment has been or may hereafter be
made m ease of a return which, in the opinion of the
assessor or assistant assessor, was fraudulent, or con-
tamed any understatement or undervaluation, such
assessment shall not be remitted, norshall- taxes col-
lected under such assessment be recovered or re-
funded, unless it is .proved that said return was not
fraudulent. And if such proof shall be furnished,
the sum remitted or refunded shall not include the
amount, if any, which should have been assessed or
collcetedhadthere been no understatement or under-
valuation. The circuit and district courts of the
United States shall have jurisdiction in all eases at
law or in equity arising under the internal revenue
laws. But no suit shall bo maintained in any court
for the recovery of any tax alleged to have been erro-
neously or illegally collected, until suchappeal shall
have been duly made to the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue and a decision of said Commissioner
had thereon, and no such suit shall be maintained
in any court unless brought within six months from
the time of such decision: but if the decision shall
be delayed more than six months from the date of
appeal, then suit may be brought at any time within
twelve months from the date of such appeal. No
suitcommenced after March 2,1867, for the purpose
of restraining the assessment or collection of tax
shall be maintained in any court.
The pending amendment was to strike out
the last sentence.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw that amend-
ment. and move to add the words "except iri
the courts of the United States."
Mr. Chairman, it seems to me that it would
be exceedingly unwise to deprive the courts of
justice of all power to interfere in a case where
it is manifest that the taxes have been improp-
erly assessed. It is a well known fact if a cit-
izen is compelled to pay taxes and go before
the department for the purpose of obtaining
the refunding of the money unjustly taken from
him that it will take at least a year or eighteen
months. It is not only attended with great
delay, but it is also attended with great uncer-
tainty, as it is impossible in the nature of things
that officers connected with the revenue should
be able to decide questions of this character
as well as courts of justice. It seems to me
that Congress ought not to refuse jurisdiction
to the Federal courts in this class of cases.
The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland]
had occasion to illustrate the enormity of the
proposition submitted to the House on last
Saturday excepting from the operation of the
act appeals already pending. It does seem to
me it would be without precedent for Congress
to refuse to the Federal courts power to inter-
pose between the G-overnmentand citizen where
£n attempt is made to enforce a tax in viola-
tion of law.
I think that no instance can be found in legis-
lation where the courts of a country have been
expressly deprived of all jurisdiction in pre-
venting a wrong from being done. The question
presents itself in this form : shall a citizen who
is able to make out a case for an injunction
against a tax which he alleges is unjustly lev-
ied upon him, be entitled to enjoin it until the
courts have decided the question, executing
the proper bond therefor, or shall he be com-
pelled to pay the tax and resort to the long,
tedious, and uncertain delay of a legal proceed-
ing in order to obtain the refunding of his
money? not the money with interest, not the
i diySages, but the simple sum of money he has
|^fd to pay. It seems to me the courts of jus-
tice^ should be left open for this class of cases
as for all other classes.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, as the
proposition presented to the committee by the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana is
un exceedingly important one, I trust it will
receive the attention of the House. Following
the existing law, the committee reported, as a
part of this section, " that no suit for the pur-
pose of restraining the assessment or collection
of tax shall be maintained in any court." The
gentleman first moved to strike out that provis-
ion entirely. He now proposes, as I under-
stand, not to strike out that, but to amend the
section by confining suits to the courts of the
Uuited States, thus, if his amendment prevails,
leaving it in the power of any officer at any
time u> stop the collection of any tax.
_ Now, sir, the bill provides clearly and dis-
tinctly for an appeal to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue for a remission of tax or for
an alleviation of tax. It gives fall privilege to
appeal to the courts to recover back the tax.
Thus there is no taking away of his day in court
for any tax-payer. What the gentleman pro-
poses, however, isthatthe doorshallbe opened,
thus far repealing the present law of the land,
and refusing to reenaet the same law, so that in
any court of the United States a suit*may be
brought to enjoin the collection of aay tax.
Let this become law and no one can fail to see
what would be the consequence. Every dis-
tiller, every tobacco dealer, every man who has
a question in regard to this income tax, who'
desires time, who desires to thwart the Gov-
ernment in the attempt to secure its revenue,
will be found by petition to the courts, asking
to enjoin and prevent the collection of the tax
until a long hearing can be had. And it is
a question very seriously to be considered
whether the Congress of the United States,
in enacting laws for the collection of its reve-
nue, will enact laws crippled by such condi-
tions, such incidents attending the execution
of the law, as this would open to any one
who was disposed not to meet a requisition
made upon him for his contribution for the
support of the Government.
I submit the question, therefore, to the House
whether it is expedient, whether it is wise to
abandon the law to these men by refusing to
reenaet it in a revision of the law, so that all
persons shall have the privilegeof rushing into
court in advance, not satisfied with having
reserved to them fully their right to their day
in court afterwards, and cripple the Govern-
ment if it attempts to raise its revenue by tax-
ation.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the com-
mittee rise for the purpose of hearing a state-
ment of Mr. "Woolley, who is now on the floor
of thft House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope not.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
33, noes 47 ; no quorum voting.
A Member. Let him wait.
Mr. MULLINS. We have waited for him
three weeks.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Eldridge and Allisok.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Would it not be agree-
able to the chairman of the committee to have
Mr. Woolley mal^p his statement now? The
gentleman does not desire to keep him in
prison, I presume?
Mr. SCHENCK. We shall lose our oppor-
tunity of continuing in session this evening by
taking a recess of the committee at half past
four o'clock.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Not at all; we can get
through with this matter in a few minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. I prefer to go on with the
tax bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman, I pre-
sume, does not wish the prisoner to remain in
the bastile any longer than he is obliged to.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is oat of order.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 47, noes 43.
So the motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Pomehoy re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the special order, being the bill
(II. It. No. 1000) to reduceinto one act and to
amend the laws relating to internal taxes, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
recusaxt witness.
V
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar
of the House, accompanied by Charles Yvr.
Woolley, and said: Pursuant to the order of
the House, I now'have Charles W. Woolley at
the bar of the House as directed.
The SPEAKER. Charles W. Woolley, the
House has adopted a resolution, which will be
reported by the Clerk.
The Clerk read-the resolution; as follows ;
Sesolved, That Charles W. "Woolley, now under tho
arrest of this House for contemptof the authority c(
the House, be ordered to the bar of tie House for the
purpose of making such statement as will purge him
of his contempt of such authority.
The SPEAKER. Are you ready to make
such statement as will purge you of your con-
tempt of the authority of the House?
Mr. Woollet. I am, sir; this paper is my
answer.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, the
witness has been committed, as appears by the
Journal of the House, for refusing to answer
certain questions put to him by a committee
of the House. The contempt consists in the
refusal to answer, not questions put by the
House, but questions put by the organ of the
House, to wit, the committee, and the contempt
can only be purged by the witness declaring
that he is now ready to comply with the order
and authority of the House, and to do it by
making proper answers to the committee.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. The resolution was not to that effect;
and I deny that it is either the requirement of
law or the rule of the House." In order that
the witness may purge his contempt the House
call him before them, and, for the purpose of
determining all questions with reference to the
contempt with which he is charged, the witness
stands here before them. And if the House
decides that he shall answer questions or go
back before the committee and answer certaia
questions, then the witness stands ready to
obey that order, as I understand from him, or
any order that the House shall make in regard
to the case. But he has already, as the House
is aware, complained as to the manner in
which he was treated by the committee ; and
he has properly presented the case to the
House, and asks that the Horse shall put to him
here before them such questions as they desire
him to answer, and that he may give such
answers and make such statements as shall
purge his contempt fully. He appears now at
the bar ready to do that, as I am informed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot repeat
the point of order on account of its length ;
but the Chair will read the resolution showing
that allusion is made in it twice to the con-
tempt of the authority of the House. As to
what has previously occurred, and as to the
witness standing at the bar willing to answer
any questions, that does not properly come up
under this resolution. The resolution ia as
follows :
Rexolved, That Charles w. Woolley, bow under the
arrest of this House for contempt oi the authority of
the House, be ordered to the bar of the House for
the purpose of making such statement as will purge
him of his contempt of such authority.
It first charges that he is under arrest for
contempt, and then orders him to the bar of
the House for the purpose of making such
statement as will purge him of his contempt.
Whatever statement he now desires to submit
the Chair will receive and submit to the
House, and it will be for the House to say
whether they will receive that statement, or
whether he shall make his statement to the
committee.
Mr. Woolley. I have my answer here In
writing. That h my statement.
The S-PEAKER. The witness replies that
he has.4 statement in writing whieii he desires
to present to the House.  
MV. SHELLABARGER. I ?ee by the record
ofin he House that the following questions were
imt to tne witness, and it was for refusing to
'give satisfactory answers to them that he is
now -under arrest:
"1. What excu?e have you for Tofu-m£ to sn j\ver
before the managers ot ini)>eacjimivnt el this )1oum\
in pursuance ol the summons Served ou you. for that
purpof-y ?
"'2. Are you now rendy to appeir bof^ro mn,n-
asrers ami answer such proper ouestsons as be
put to j ou by said umnagers of uuped-ohmem?1'
Although I was not here at the time, I
understood from the gentleman who is in charge
of this matter [Mr. Bctleu] that the order for
commitment was for a refusal of the witness to
