ms
OONGRE^IQNAI, GLQJtl.
July H 
within ten days preceding said date, design ate, with-
out regard to seniority, the best six brigadier gene-
ral." 10 remain in commission; and the others shall
be mttsrered our. of the service ot' the United States
ati=ai*l duto, or within ten days thereafter.
Mr, GARFIELD. I trust that amendment
wiil be voted down; and I will say a few words,
as n good many members are now here who
were not, present last evening. The purpose
of the committee is not to strike down abso-
lutely any Array officers. The amendments
proposed by the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. P.uxk] and the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butter] muster out officers ab-
solutely, reducing them to a greater extent
perhaps than the Committee on Military Af-
fairs deem necessary, beginning with major
generals and going down to the lowest grade.
It seems to me if we undertake this kind of
policy we will inaugurate invidious legislation,
it puts it upon the President of the United
Slates to take the list of ten brigadier generals,
some of the most distinguished generals ever
in our Army, ami select four who are not the
best and order them to lie mustered out abso-
lutely. That is an invidious and difficult task
to impose upon any President of the United
States. Every one mustered out is to be mus-
tered out upon the express condition that he is
not ranked among the best brigadier generals
in the service. It puts a stain, and it cannot,
be otherwise, upon the name and honor of
every man who is mustered out. If thepresent
President should be in power, and he should
act on political grounds, then this side of the
liousewould havegoodi-eason to feel aggrieved
at his action. If, on the other hand, a Presi-
dent should be in power who was a Republican,
and should do the same, this s>ide of the House
would feel justly aggrieved, i am unwilling
to go into these political distinctions. I am
unwilling to put upon the President of the
United States a task so invidious as to declare
who are not the best brigadier generals in a
li.-,t of ten. Therefore, I trust the amendment
will be voted down.
Mr. PAINE. I withdraw the amendment-
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I renew
it. Now, Mr. Speaker, this is a very import-
ant matter, aud I ask the attention of the House
for a moment. The whole question is, shall
we reduce the Army, or shall it not be reduced?
The bill of the committee provides that there
shall he no reduction in the number of gene-
rals until it is accomplished by death or resig-
nation, or by dismissal for cause. I am very
anxious there should be a reduction of this
Army, and I wish to begin with the generals.
The amendment I offered puts it in the hands
of the General to select. I am content it shall
be done by lot, if you please, or in any other
way to justly and fairly get rid of them when
they are not wanted by the country. They
cost, each one of them with his complement,
$20,000 every year; and they are to be im-
posed upon the country when the committee
themselves say some of them are useless,
because they provide in their bill for less than
eight; and the House last night agreed to the
amendment to strike down the major generals
to three out of live. This is in exactly the
same proportion. I say again I am willing
they should be struck out by lot; but I thought
it was best to allow the selection to be done
by the General of the Army.
Now, sir, when you pass this so-called bill to
reducc the Army you pass what, in my judgment,
is an ''electioneering dodge'' and nothing else.
Talk about reducing! Why, sir, you have not
reduced a man until you come to the privates,
and you do not in fact reduce any there. The
simple question is, are we in earnest? If we
are not then we wiil vote to keep these men in.
Otherwise strike them out in some way or other,
because the committee agree they are not
wanted and the country agree they are not
wanted. The question is, is there any way to
get rid of them ?
I want for a moment to recur to what was
said by t he chairman of the committee last even-
ing on this topic. He said he would never con-
sent to do this "by the mere brutal force of num-
bers." I have heard that phrase before. We
have been told that we conquered the South
by.the "brutal force of numbers." We Estab-
lished great political right of freedom to all men
by the "brutal force of numbers," and by the
brutal force of numbers I trust we are to pro-
tect ourselves from unnecessary expense. It
is agreed that these officers are not needed now,
yet this bill provides that they shall remain in
their places useless'so long as they and each
of them shall live, because it is invidious to
make any discrimination among them.
Now, the amendment of my friend from Wis-
consin, which I am bound to renew, but which
I hope will be voted down, puts that over till
next March for the action of the President who
shall be chosen. That is speculating on the
chances of the election. Now, I propose that
these men shall be mustered out after six
months and that the General of the Array shall
select those who, in his judgment., are the best
officers. Every general in the Army has had
to do this very thing during the war. We had
to consolidate regiments, aud there were sent
down orders mustering out the supernumerary
officers. It is invidious, 1 agree, but it is ne-
cessary to get rid of these officers in some way,
and I know no better way than this to do it.
[Here t.hj hammer fell.]
Mr. PAINE. I renew the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
it requires the consent of the House to with-
draw an amendment. If there is no objection
the amendment will be considered as wiI h-
drawn, and thegentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Paine] will now renew it.
Mr. PAINE. I quite agree with my friend
from Massachusetts as to the main principles
involved in his amendment; that is to say,
that there should be a reduction in the Army,
carrying along with it a reduction of the num-
ber of brigadier generals. But I differ with
him on three points, for my amendment con-
tains three points which distinguish it from
his.
In the first place I intrust to the President
of the United States the power and impose
upon him the duty of selecting the four briga-
dier generals who shall be mustered out of the
scrvicc ; whereas he intrusts that power to and
imposes that duty upon the General of the
Army.
In the next place, hy my amendment, I ex-
tend the period of time for which these officers
shall hold their commissions three mouths
beyond the time allowed by his amendment.
In the third place I require the President of
the United States to select as those who shall
be retained, the best officers of this grade.
Now, to begin with the last distinction. I am
surprised that the chairman of the committee
should make this a ground of objection to my
amendment. Why does he desire that the
President should be authorized and required
arbitrarily to select these brigadier generals
and continue them in the Army without ref-
erence to their qualifications or merits? Is
he unwilling that this question of qualifica
tion and merit shall be examined? Does he
say that it touches the honor of these officers
that they should be mustered out on an adverse
decision as to their qualifications? Will he
have them retained simply because they are
senior in rank ? Why, sir, I am amazed at the
principle involved in that objection to my
amendment. It strikes at the root of the effi-
ciency of the Army. I can conceive of no
more salutory provision on this subject than
one which requires the President to select the
best men among these generals and continue
them in office.
Sir, I believe that it would appear invidious;
that it would have a partisan aspect if we
should intrust this matter to the General of
the Army. It would impose upon him a duty
which we ought not to require him to perform.
If, on the other hand, we impose the duty upon
the President of the United States, to be per-
formed after the next presidential election,
then if one candidate shall be elected it will be-
come hig duty, and if the other candidate shall
be elected it will become hisdutyTand no gen-
tleman upon this floor can characterize this
amendment as partisan in spirit. And let me
say further, that while I desire this reduction
of the Army and believe thatitshould be made
as promptly as it can be made, I am satisfied
that this difference between my amendment
and- the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, which postpones the muster-out
for thrge months, is not a fault, but. is rather a
merit in my amendment. I hope, therefore,
-the House will accept it, not as a compromise
between the committee and the gentleman fi uin
Massachusetts, but as a measurewjjich on the
whole will come nearer to meeting^ the views
of all ltepresentatives of both parties on this
floor, and will at the same time gecure to the
greatest degree practicably one object which
the committee themselves have in view, by
avoiding undue rigor of treatment toward the
officers mustered out.
Mr. GARFIELD. By agreement last night
it was arranged that a vote should be taken
to-day on the amendment of the gentleman
from 'Massachusetts [Mr. BbtleiiJ to ibe fourth
section, to reduce the number of major gen-
erals from that provided in the bill. 1 suggest
that we go back and take that vote now, be-
cause our determination on that will probably
influence the vote of the House on this question.
Mr. PAINE. I must object. We can go
back and reconsider if it shall become neces-
sary.
The SPEAKER.. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Ohio that as the House is
considering the bill in Committee of the Whole
a motion to reconsider is not now in order.
When the bill is finished it will then be in the
same condition as if reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole, and then the motion to
reconsider will be in order. A motion to recon-
sider is not in order while the bill is being per-
fected in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. PAINE. I withdraw my objection to
the suggestion of the gentleman Irom Ohio
that a vote shall be taken first on the amend-
ment to the fourth section.
The SPEAKER. Then if there be unani-
mous consent the vote of last night agreeing
to the amendment to the fourth section will be
reconsidered. Is there objection ? The Chair
hears none, and the question recurs on the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] to the fourth section, to
strike out all after the enacting words and
insert what the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows:
There shall hereafter be but three major generals;
and the officers who shall retain their commissions
as sucli shall be designated by the Geneialof the
Anny without regard to seniority, and all others
shall be mustered out of service on the 1st day of
January next.
Mr. PAINE. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment, which I send to the
Clerk's desk.
Mr. GARFIELD. I make the point of
order that an amendment to the amendment is
not now in order. Last night it was agreed
that the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] should be voted
oil to-day, but I do not understand that it is
amendable.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman seems to have
forgotten what he asked the House to assent
to. The amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts was adopted last night.
Mr. GARFIELD. With the understanding
that the vote should be taken this morning
because there was not a quorum. 1 desire to
know if it is in order for the gentleman from
Wisconsin now to offer to amend the amend-
ment which was to be submitted to a vote of
the House this morning.
Mr. PAINE. I make no such proposition,
except as I supposed in accordance with the
suggestion of the gentleman. I understood
the gentleman to desire an amendment of this
kind to be offered to the fourth section at this
! time, because it comes before the fifth section,
i If the gentleman objects to the amendment I
1 have offered I will withdraw it.
