1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3969
Mr. GAUFIELD. I understood the gen-
tleman to move to amend the pending Amend-
ment to the major general section. It is upon
that amendment to the arnendmentthatlmake
my point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
condition of this question. Last night, the
House being thin, the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Gakfield] asked consent that the vote
betaken upon the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] to the fourth
section when the House was full. The Chair
responded to that suggestion that a motion to
reconsider could be made, bringing the whole
subject again before the House. The matter
passed over on that statement.
Mr. PAINE. Then I insist upon my amend-
ment to the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not con-
cluded his statement.
Mr. PAINE. I beg pardon; I did not intend
to interrupt the Chair.
The SPEAKER. This morning, by unani-
mous consent, the vote by which the amend-
- ment to the fourth section was adopted was
reconsidered. The fourth section, therefore,
is again before the House, and like every other
section is open to amendment. And the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] proposes
to amend the substitute offered by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] by
striking it all out and inserting what will be
read by the Cleik.
The Clerk read as follows:
That after the Slst day of March, 1869, there *hall
bo only three majorgonerals, nnd the Presidentsha.il,
within ton days preceding said date, designate with-
out regard to seniority the best three major generals
to lemain in commission; and the others &hall bo
mustered out of the service of the United States on
said date, or within ten days thereafter.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that debate on
this section be now closed.
The motion to close debate was agreed to.
Thequestion was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Paine to the amendment of Mr.
BctIjER, of Massachusetts; and il was agreed to.
The question was upon the amendment, as
amended.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, and Mr.
BUTLER, of Massachusetts, called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and it was
decided m the affirmative—yeas 79, nays4u, not
voting 70 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Amos. Arnell, Axtell, Ba-
ker, Hanks, lieatty, Benton, X>olos, Brooks, Benja-
min F.Butler, Sidney Clarke, (Joburn, Cook, Culloin,
Bewcese, Donnelly, Ela, Kldridse, Ferriss, Fields,
French, Get./,, Glossbrennor, Golladay, Grover, Ham-
ilton, Hopkins, llulburd, lluntor. Johnson, Alex-
ander II. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelscy, Kitchen,
Knott, Koontz, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Loan, Logan, Loucrhndge, Marshall, McCar-
thy AXeClurg. McKoc, Miller, Moore, Morrell, Mul-
)i 11s, ilungen, Niblack, Paine, Perhara, Peters,
Pi ice. Hoots, Ross, Sawyer, Scoficld, Shanks, Smith,
Ptoke-5, Tabcr, Taffe, Thomas, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aomam, Burt Van Horn,
Van Trump, Ward, Henry D. Washburn, Welker,
William Williams, JohnT. Wilson,and Windom—79.
NAYS—Messrrf. Anderson, Archer,Delos R. Ashley,
Baldwin, Blair, Boutwell, Boyer, Broinwell, Cary,
Churchill, Cobb, Dawes, Dixon, Drisjrs, Eliot, Gar-
field. Griswold, Hawkins, lli^by, Hooper, Chester
I). Hubbard, Mallory, Marvin, Maynard, O'Neill,
Phelps, Pile, Plants, Poland, Pomeroy, Kaurn, Rob-
emon,Soh(mck, Sitgreaves, .Spalding, Starkweather,
Stewart, Stone, Twichell. EliHu B. Washburne, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Thomas Williams, and James F.
Wilson*—43.
NOT VOTING—Mcssis. Adams, JamesM. Ashley,
Bailey, Barnes, Barnu.ro, Beamau. Beck, Benjamin,
Bingham, Blaine, Broomall, Buckland, Burr, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Cake, Chanler, Header W. Clarke,
Cornell, Covode, Delano, Dodge, Eckley, Egglcston,
Farnsworth, Ferry, Finney. Fox, Gravely, Haight,
Halsey. Harding', Hill, Hinds, Ilolman, Hotchkiss,
AsahelW. Hubbard, Richard D.IIubbaid, Humphrey,
Ingersoll, Jenokes, Thomas L. Jones. Kelley, Kerr,
Ketcham, Laflin, Lincoln, Lynch, McCormick. Mc-
Cullough, Mereur, Moorehead, Morrissey, Myers,
Nexvcoinb, Nicholson, Nunn, Orth, Pike, Polsley,
Pruyn.Ra.ndal I, Robinson, Selyo.Shellabarger, Aaron
F. Stevens, ThaddeusStevens, Taylor, John Trimble,
Van Auken, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wick, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood,
Woodbridge, and Woodward—55.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 249.
of Mr. Paine to the amendment of Mr. But-
lee, of Massachusetts, to the fifth section.
Mr. GARFIELD. This is the same amend-
ment in principle as the one just adopted to
the fourth section relating to brigadier gen-
erals instead of to major generals. I will
therefore not oppose this amendment.
The amendment to the amendment, was then
agreed to; and the amendment, as amended,
was then agreed to.
The next section was then read, as follows:
Sec. 6. Andbeit further enacted, That any vacancies
which may hereafter occur in tho office of Adjutant
General Quartermaster General, Commissary General
of Subsistence, chief of ordnance, chief of ongineeis,
Paymaster General, Surgeon General, or Bureau of
Military Justice, shall he tilled by theappointmentor
assign ment of an officer who shall have the rank, pay,
and allowances of acolonolof cavalry. And all laws
and parts of laws authorizing the appointment of any
officer of a higher grade than colonel in any of said
offices shall cease and determine on the occurrence
of a vacancy in each respectively.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by striking out after the word "that"
where it first occurs the words " any vacan-
cies which may hereafter occur in;" and by
adding at the end of the section the following:
Provided, That in the offices abovonamed the
present incumbents may continue therein at the last-
mentionod rank and pny ; and tho whole number of
officers serving in tho abovonamed staff depart-
ments shall be reduced one half, the officers retained
to be duMgnated by the General of the Army.
So that the section will read, as follows:
That the officoof Adjutant General, Quartermaster
General, CommisMir} General of Subsistence, chief
of ordnance, chief of engineers, Paymaster Gen-
era], Surgeon General, or -Bureau of Military Jus-
tice, shall be filled by tho appointmentornssignment
of an oHicer who yh.ill have the rank, pay, an t a) low-
on ees of acolnnel of cavalry; and alUawsand parts
of laws authorizing the appointment of any officer
of a higher grade than colonel in any of said offices
shall cease and determine on the occurrence of a
vacancy in each,respectively: J'ronidrd, That in the
offices above named the present incumbents may con-
tinue therein at the last-montioned rank and pay;
and tho whole number of officers serving 111 the
abovc-namedstaif departments shall be reduced one
half, the officers retained to be designated by the
General of tho Army.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw for the present the last clause of liis
amendment, reading as follows:
And the whole number of officers serving in the
above-named staff departments shall be reduced one
half; the officers retained to be designated by tho
General of tho Army.
The committee propose to offer hereafter a
new section regulating in detail this whole sub-
ject of the staff corps. If the gentleman will
waive for the present that part of his amend-
ment we can, if it should be necessary, return
to this section.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very
well; I will withdraw for the present the last
clause of my amendment.
Mr. Speaker, the amendment I have offered
is designed to bring down, if we can, all these
brigadier generals to the rank of colonels, so
far a i their pay and allowances are concerned.
Before the war there never was any brigadier
general in the office of Adjutant General, Quar-
termaster General, Commissary General, chief
of ordnance, chief of engineers, Paymaster
General, Surgeon General, or in the Bureau
of Military Justice. In the present establish-
ment these officers are all brigadier generals.
This aiii<->Kiinent is designed to bring them
down to the rank and pay of colonels. If the
amendment should be adopted another amend-
ment will be necessary to bring down the col-
onels in the same manner; and such an amend-
ment has already been prepared by the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paixe.] But it is
first necessary to bring down these eight briga-
dier generals to the rank and pay of colonels.
Mr. GARFIELD. The amendment offered
by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Bctler] is somewhat different in principle
from any other of the propositions which he
has offered. It provides in effect that these
eight officers, now holding the grade of briga-
dier general, according to law, may all continue
in office, provided they shall hereafter be only
colonels. In other words, it proposes to de-
grade—I use the word of course, in its etymo-
logical sense—all these officers from the rank
they now hold.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Ungrade.
Mr. GARFIELD. It proposes to reduce
by one grade all these eight officers now hold-
ing the rank of brigadier general. The gentle-
man made a mistake in saying that prior to
the war none of these officers wereof the grade
of brigadier general. The Quartermaster
General was, in 18G0, a brigadier general, as
will be seen by the Army Register for that year.
The statement is correct as to the others. I be-
lieve that since the Mexican war the Quarter-
master General has held the rank of brigadier
general; but during the late war, from time to
time, the laws authorized the increase of rank;
so that these eight departments are now, in ac-
cordance with law, filled by officers holding
the rank of brigadier general.
The Committee on Military Affairs thought
that in this regard we ought to go back to the
practice which prevailed before the war, and
provide that hereafter 110 vacancy in any of
those eight offices shall be filled by the ap-
pointment or assignment of any officer higher
than a colonel. We placed the proposition in
that form so as not to degrade or dismiss any
officer now in service, because the persons who
now hold those positions received them for
meritorious service. The principle which the
committee designed to introduce into the bill
was that no officer should be mustered out of
the service or degraded. The House, it is true,
has indicated its perference for a different
principle in regard to the single question of
mustering out those officers. But the princi-
ple which the gentleman asks us to adopt is
that these officers shall remain in service, but
shall be put down one grade fro in that which
they now hold. That is a new principle, one
never before adopted in American legislation,
and I shall be sorry if it is adopted now. Al-
though the House has followed the gentleman
from Massachusetts in his proposition in regard
to major generals and brigadier generals, greatly
to my regret, I trust the House will not follow
him in this. This proposition is inconsistent
with the previous sections already settled in the
bill. Why did not the gentleman propose to
reduce the rank of the major generals to that
of brigadier general and of brigadier to that of
colonel ? The proposition would have been
too bold when applied to such men as stand
on the list of our generals.
Mr. PAINE. 1 am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
and I am inclined to think if he will wait until
the amendments proposed by the committee
have been read to the House, so he could un-
derstand them, he would not himself insist
upon his amendment. 1 will state to the House
what tho effect of these amendments is. I11
the first place section six provides in these
several staff bureaus for the reduction of tho
grade or rank when vacancies occur in tho
office. With the consent, of the chairman of
the committee I have prepared an amendment
which provides when vacancies occur in any
of ihe staff departments the officers appointed
or designated to fill such vacancies shall have
the rank and pay of the cavalry grade next
below that fixed by the act of IStiti; the com-
mittee propose to muster out a small number
of these staff officers.
Mr. GARFIELD. If the gentleman will
permit me to correct him, it does not muster
out absolutely.
Mr. PAINE. I am mistaken about that.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to stiike out the last word. Mr. Speaker, if
possible, let me state the exact difference
between myself and my friend from Wisconsin
and the gentleman from Ohio. It is this, I
propose to il ungrade" not degrade certain
officers. I propose this ungrading, so far as
rank and pay goes, shall take place now. The
committee and my friend propose it shall not
take place until these men resign, and as a
rule they will not resign until they die. That
is the difference between us.
Mr. PAINE. I*ask the gentleman from
