1868.
?
OTIS COtf&RBSSIGNAB GSLOfflG.
ognize the obligation to pay the deb* of the
United States, and if the country is permitted
to do so it will pay that debt, I, for one, will
nevor repudiate a dollar of it. I do not wish
gentlemen to understand that F am in far or ot
repudiating it at all. I do not intend to do it.
I want to pay it, and I want to pay it in, coin.
But when Senator* tell me that a debt con-
tracted at fifty cents to the dollar must be paid
ia coin, and that the circulating medium must
be reduced from $1,300,000,000, as it was when
the debt was contracted, to between three hun-
dred and forty and five hundred million dol-
lars. I do not know where they propose t  go.
I te'.! them the country will not bear it. When
I aa told that we mart necessarily bear a burden
of taxation sufficient to pay that in coin, while
thi« contraction goes on. ami that the poor nan
 « benefited by that process, I. a* one of the poor
aen of this nation, protest against the argu-
ment. When gentlemen squeeze me in a vice
until I can scarcely draw mv breath, when I am
wrung and tortured with pain, and I am told that
the country needs repose, and that we must not
turn the vice either way, that the poor wretch
must hare a little repose, I simply say that if
those who talk thus were in the rice they might
feel as I do. I am not suffering individually
in this matter. I. to be sore, am a poor man;
but I do realize the fact that the section of
country that I represent wfll not be able to pay
a very lanje proportion of the taxes necessary
to meet the interest and the current expenses
of the Government in coin provided the very
means with which they are enabled to do it are
taken awar from them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Win the Senator alio*
me to ask him a question?
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to know if he
believes that the present distnrbed condition
of She countryand the financial distress is owing
altogether to the diminntion of the volume of
currency by the action of the Secretary of the
Treasury under the act of 1866?
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly- not; but I
do understand that it 13 Terr largely so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In wfcat degree?
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not know exactly
to what degree, if the Senator alludes merely
to that act. that is, the taking in of $4,000,000
a month of United States notes; but if he will
extend the qnestion an<fask me how the general
contraction under the laws of the United States
permitting the Secretary to take in that which
constituted the basis of the circulation in the
banks has produced the present deranged con-
dition c f things, I will tell him, almost entirely.
The banks have withdrawn very largely, and .
necessarily they are compelled to do so when !
the very basis upon which they can issue a
circulating mediam is withdrawn. We author- i
Med the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
three per cent certificates to the extent of
f50,000,000 only to meet the compound-
interest notes. I thought we were going far
enough in that; but the Secretary has not used
the power that we gave him. Instead of using
it.he has issued not over about twenty-three
million dollars of those certificates, thereby
potting it out of the power of the banks to
extend to their enstomerg accommodations.
«°w, or, the contraction is not simply the con-
traction found in the withdrawal of the green-
back circulation. That is a matter of wry
•J ® ^onseqaeoce indeed. It is the smallest
item m this general contraction and this sren-
er^ derangement of business.
allow™ I k ^v?' ^enstor *'N
withdrawn their circulation. Do the reports
show to what extent? reports
Mr. HENDERSON. I have not the report
before me now. I know from the condi&on
of affaire that tbey must necessarily have been
compelled to do so. But, sir, I do not propose
to ^.scuss this question. I do not propose
I wish merely to pro-
88*
to cater into it at all.
teat against this idea that some Mnttaaen
impute to those who are in favor ot the pas-
sage of this bill, that we desire to pay the
indebtedness of tho United States in a depre-
ciated currency. I protest against it so far as
I am concerned. I do not desire to do it; but
I da say that if we could contract a debt Vith
from one thousand to twelve hundred million
dollars of circulating medium, we ought any-
how to be satisfied to Keep a circulation of from
seven hundred to one thousand million dollars
in its pavment. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire asks, if yon keep on issuing paper to pay
the debt what will you do with your paper?
Sir, there is a limit at which weshould stop; I
am satisfied of that; but it ought to be remem-
bered that if the circulating medium is larger,
a larger amount of taxes can be paid for the
redemption of tho bonds from year to year.
It is not necessary to do it every year. It is
not necessary, I mean, that the whole debt
should be paid within a year, but it may be
reduced froua yew to year, and the poor man
is the man benefited in the payment of taxes.
Mr« EDMUNDS. TVill the Senator allow
me to ask another qnestion ?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. , I wish to inquire of him
whether there is not a sufficient amount of
circulating medium in the city of New York
for. the wants and purposes- of that eity and
vicinity.
Mr. HENDERSON. .1 presume there is.
Mr.EDAIUNDS. I-wish to ask whether the
distress among the producing and commercial
interests in the eity of New York and in that
vicinity is not just as great as it is in any put
of -the country.
Mr. HENDERSON. I presume not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I certainly understand
that it ia.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suppose that the
demand for money can always be decided by
the amount of interest. Interest) is certainly
highefr in the State represented so ably by my
friend before me [Mr. Hendricks] than in
New York city, and therefore the demand for
money in Indiana must be greater than it is in
New York. I an* satisfied that money commands
a mach larger interest in the State of Missouri
than it does ia the city of New York, and
therefore I take it for granted that money is
scarcer there than it is in New York.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no doubt of that.
Mr. HENDERSON. But, Mr. President, I
do net wish to take up the time of the Senate.
I rose merely to refer to the argument of the
Senator from New Hampshire.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The
tion is on the amendment offered by the
ator from New York.
Mr. CONKUNG. On that question I ask
for the yeas aad nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to eall the -roll.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, (when Mr.
Grime's name was called,) said: My col-
league [Mr. Fessenden] desired me to say
that he had paired off with Senator Grimes.
My colleague would hove voted for this amend-
ment ana Senator Grimes against it He
desired me to add, that upon the final pass-
age of the bill he would vote against it and
Senator G-bimes for it.
Mr. WILLEY (when Mr. Yah Wurfuc's
name was called) said: My colleague desired
me. to say that he had paired off with the Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Mokbill.] My col-
league would have voted " nay" on this qnes-
tion, and I suppose the Senator from Vermont
would hate voted o  the other-side.
The result was announeed—yeas 15, nays
23;-as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Bsftkslew, Conkling,
Corbett, Cragin, Edmonds, Ferry, Frtlinghnyaen,
Harlan, Howard, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Patter-
ion of New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, and
Wilson—15.
NAY8—Meesrs. Cameron. Cattell, Cole.DooHttle,
Drake, Fowler, Henderson, Hendricks, Howe, Mor-
ton, Norton, Nye, Pomeroy. Ramsey, Ross, Sherman,
Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Wade, Wiiley, Williams,
qZ:
_ ABSENT—Messts. <5b*n tiler, Oonnew,
v* lea8*.ndSn* Guthrie, Johnson,
Morrill of Vermont, Saulsbury, Spragne, Sumner.
Trumbull, and Van Winklo—IV '
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr BUCKALEW. I desire to renew ray
amendment that I offered in Committee of the
Whole. I do not knbw whether it is now ia
order or not.
The PRESIDENT pro import. It is in
order.
Several Senators, (to Mr. BucKAiiw.) Oh,
no; do not offer that now; let us vote on the
bill.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Well, I will not make
the motion.
The amendment was ordered to bo engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. It Was
read the third time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. , I ask for the yeas und
nays on the passage of the bill. ,
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. CORBETT (when his name was called)
said: I desire to state -that I am paired off with
the Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Spkague.]
He would vote "ay," and I nay."
.Mr. EDMUNDS (when his name was called)
said: I wish to say that on this vote I am
paired with the Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Johnson.] If lie were present he would vote
for the bill, and I against it. Therefore, I
decline to vote.-
The result was then announced—yeas 33,
nays 4; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cameron, Cat*
tell. Cole. Cragin, Doolittle, Drake, Fowler, Freling-
hoysen, Harlan. Henderson. Hendricks, Howard,
Howe. Monrill of Blaine, Morton, Norton, Nye, Pat'
terson of .Tennessee, Pomeyoy, Ramsey, ftoss-Sher-
man, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton. Trumbull, Wade,
Wiiley, Williams, Wilson, ana Yates—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Conkling, Ferry,Morgan, and Pat-
terson of New Hampshire—1.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Chandler, Conness, Cor-
bett. Davis, Dixon, Edmunds, Fessenden. Grimes',
Guthrie, Johnson, Morrill of Vermont, Saulsbury.
Sprague, Sumner, and Van Winkle—16.
So the bill was passed.
DEFICIENCY, APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move thai
the Senate proceed to tlie consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 320) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the execution of the reconstruc-
tion laws and for the service of the Quarterr
master's Department of the Government fqr
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1868, and for
other purposes.
Mr. CONKLING, The Senator does not
propose to go on with that bill to-night?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir; I
merely desire to get it np and leave it as tho
unfinished business.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
at six o'clock and twenty-four minutes p. m.,
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 15,1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read *nd
approved.
SCHOOLS IN THE DISTRICT Off COLUMBIA.
Mr. D AWE8. Mr. Speaker, the bill of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr._ Stevens]
h  relation to schools in this District is specially
assigned for consideration to-day I suppose
under the order of business' it will not come
op. In thriSneantime there has been put into
my hands by gentlemen in this District, who
are largely interested in the same-question, and
of great experience in the matter, a bill which
