422
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jul 7 18,
Ho. of Reps.
Impolicy of Land Bounties, &c.—Mr. Julian.
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
This is the manual signature of the United
States of America. Some contend that it is
more binding than the hand and seal of an
individual, because the broad seal covers many
individuals. But how can one perfect obliga-
tion be more binding than another?
This obligation thus attested and proclaimed
,?was given to the world on the 20th day of June,
18G7. Every part of his stipulation was faith-
fully executed by the emperor of Russia. The
treaty is duly enrolled in the chancery of the
Russian empire. It is recorded in the perma-
nent archives of the United States with her
other treaties. Now gentlemen of great ability
deny its validity because Congress has not sanc-
tioned it. Will those gentlemen tell us at about
what stage of the proceedings Congress should
have been called in to intervene? Not, I sup-
pose, before the negotiation commenced. When
the terms had been ascertained should Congress
have been convened for consultation ? This
would be a novel proceeding. When it was
before the Senate in its final stage, if ever they
must have been called in, will gentlemen look
upon this all as anything but absurd? This
treaty provides that the Government shall pay
a certain sum of money in a given time. But
that money cannot be drawn without an appro-
priation by Congress. Now, the remedy of
these nullifiers is to get Congress to refuse to
make the appropriation. That would prevent
the execution of the treaty, but would not annul
it. That would be a breach by one party only,
whether a disgraceful one, the world must
judge. It would require great fraud or subse-
quent misconduct on the part of Russia to
justify it. No act of our Government could
be the least palliation. All the departments
of the Government, except the treaty-making
power, might protest against it; it would not
shake its validity. There it would stand a
valid obligation repudiated by one party, but
forever binding. This Government has issued
millions of bonds held both in this country and
Europe. The holders have no way to enforce
payment but by an appeal to the national
faith. Who would repudiate, and make Amer-
ican worse than Punic faith ?
Let those who persevere in disregarding a
valid act of any branch of our Government join
the great repudiator, Jefferson Davis, and rake
among the slime and mud of the Mississippi
for the bundles of unpaid Mississippi bonds.
They may still be as valuable as obligations of
the United States if this appropriation should
be rejected.
Impolicy of Land Bounties—The Home-
stead Law Defended.
SPEECH OF HON. G. W. JULIAN,
OF INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
July 13, 1808.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union—
Mr. JULIAN said:
Mr. Chaikman : I believe I am justified in
saying that during my service in this House I
have steadily defended the preemption and
homestead laws of the United States. Whether
the attack has come in the form of unwarranted
grants of land in aid of railroads and other
works of internal improvement, or atrocious
jobs under the name of Indian treaties, or
plausible schemes of bounty in the pretended
interest of the soldier, or whatever other shape
it may have assumed, I have constantly and
resolutely maintained the rights of settlers on
the public domain. I shall not now change
my course of action. On the contrary, every
passing day invites me to renewed vigilance
and zeal by revealing some fresh conspiracy
against the rights of our pioneer producers. I
have already discussed at some length our
general land policy, its evils, and their remedy,
during the present session ; but I omitted in
that discussion a question of grave magnitude,
which I then hoped would notagain be seriously
agitated in Congress. I allude to the question
of military land bounties, and I must, avail
myself of this occasion to consider it, aftd in
doing so to perform what seems to me an
imperative duty.
I am opposed, very decidedly, to all schemes
providing bounties in ^.nd for our soldiers. My
opposition is based u]pon grounds which I desire
to state to this House and to the country, and
which, in my judgment, leave no room for dif-
ference of opinion among intelligent men who
will give the subject their attention. One
bounty-land project only have I ever supported,
and that was introduced by myself in the dark
hours of the war, when our soldiers so much
needed its encouragement and support, while
it aimed a deadly thrust at the rebel power.
Early in the session of Congress beginning in
December, 1863, I reported from the House
Committee on the Public Lands a bill providing
that all lands which should be sold under the
provisions of the act of 1862, for the collection
of direct taxes in the insurrectionary districts,
and under the act of the same year to provide
internal revenue to support the Government,
should be bid off to the United States at the
minimum price mentioned in said acts, certi-
fied over to the Seci-etary of the Interior, and
thenceforward become a part of the public
unappropriated domain of the United States.
It further provided that all lands against which
proceedings in rem. should be instituted under
the act to suppress insurrection, to punish
treason and rebellion, and to seize and con-
fiscate the property of rebels, should, upon the
rendering of final decrees of condemnation,
be in like manner certified over to the Secre-
tary of the Interior, and thereafter be regarded
and treated in all respects as a further exten-
sion of the public domain. This bill, supposing
the policy of confiscation to be exacted by the
Government, would wrest from the rebels and
set apart for loyal uses from one half to three
fourths of the cultivated lands of the rebellious
districts, and without disturbing the rights of
property of the great body of their people, who
were never permitted by the aristocracy to own
land. It would simply reach the lands of the
leading rebels, who were at once the chief
landholders and slaveholders of the South ; and
it extended the homestead law over these lands,
under carefully-considered restrictions, and
provided for their distribution in small farms
among the soldiers and seamen of the Army
and Navy as a tribute to their valor, as a fit
chastisement of the rebel chiefs, and as the
basis of loyalty and democratic institutions in
the States of the South. Had it become a law,
coupled with the policy of striking at the fee
of rebel landholders, to which Abraham Lin-
coln finally assented, the duration of the con-
flict would certainly have been greatly abridged,
while many thousands of lives and many mil-
lions of treasure would have been saved. The
great landed estates of the South would have
been dismembered, and at the end of the war
the Freedmeu's Bureau would scarcely have
been needed, since the return of order and
peace would have been heralded by the advent
of our loyal soldiers, with their muskets as
their companions, prepared to defend as well
as till their homesteads, while ready to act as
policemen and avengers in the protection of
the defenseless. The bill passed the House by
a strong majority; but it failed in the Senate,
as did the policy of confiscation, through the
hostility of distinguished Conservative fanatics,
who were then pettifogging the cause of the
rebels in the name of the Constitution, includ-
ing the most conspicuous of " the conscien-
tious seven," through whose fatal agency the
country was handed over to its enemies in the
late trial of Andrew Johnson for high crimes i
and misdemeanors. So much. Mr. Chairman,
for land bounties during the rebellion, the cir-
cumstances belongingto the history of the sub-
ject, and the moral to which they obviously
point.
The war closed in the spring of- 1865, and
the history of the agitation respecting soldiers'
bounties since that time is worth recalling.
When Congress met in December- following,
the demand for an equalization of bounties had
evidently been resolved upon by those of our
soldiers who volunteered in the years 1861 and
1862. It was a reasonable demand, resting
upon the faet that multitudes who had enlisted
at the beginning of the war, and rendered the
longest service, had received very little bounty,
while most liberal bounties were awarded to
those who come in toward the end of the con-
flict. Equality is equity; and the question
was how to frame a bounty bill that would place
all the soldiers of the war as nearly on a com-
mon level as possible. It was no easy task;
and the financial situation of the country pre-
sented a serious obstacle to the passage of any
bill on the subject. It was, however, earnestly
agitated in both branches of Congress, and in
the'Executive Departmentsof the Government-.
The President was soon found to be decidedly
hostile to any measure of equalization. He did
not so avow himself, but his acts proved it.
His provost-marshal general, as a sort of flank
movement, made an official estimate of the
amount required for the purpose of equaliza-
tion, which, I believe, footed up from six to
seven hundred millions of dollars. The pay de-
partment exhibited similar gifts in arithmetic,
though it made the aggregate amount required
some two hundred millions less. The Treasury
Department tried its hand with similar results,
several of its bureaus furnishing the most ex-
aggerated calculations of the amount called for
by the proposed measure, and Mr. McCulloch
himself being especially active in the business
of dissuading members of Congress from touch-
ing so dreadful a project. The effect of these
executive demonstrations was soon made man-
ifest. Congress admitted that justice should
be done to our soldiers, but it was felt that
insuperable financial difficulties were in the
way ; and the result was the birth of the pro-
ject of land bounties, which rapidly began to
take shape, and threatened to lure into its sup-
port a decided majority of both Houses. We
had, it was said, over one thousand millions
of acres of public lands, and with them we
would pay off the soldiers without adding to the
burdens of the people. I saw that the policy
would be utterly ruinous to the country, while
its promised justice to the soldier would prove
a delusion. It was almost as wanton a con-
spiracy against the homestead law and the pro-
ductive wealth of the nation as the kindred
proposition of certain prominent politicians in
18G8, to mortgage the public domain to our
creditors in security for our debt, which I had
the honor to expose and denounce at the time,
on this floor. Earnestly entertaining these
views, I was glad to find an early opportunity
to express them in the form of a report from
the House Committee on the Public Lands, in
response to a memorial from New Hampshire
soldiers praying bounties in land. That re-
port, which was laid on the desks of members
and considerably copied into the newspapers,
showed so conclusively, by unanswerable facts
and figures, the impolicy and iniquity of the
proposition, that I hope I shall be pardoned
for saying that it very materially aided in its
defeat, and in thus saving the public domain
from a most frightful scheme of spoliation and
plunder.
The way was thus again opened, very natu-
rally, for the consideration of bounties in
money, and the subject was examined more
earnestly than before. Calculations were made,
which I believe were reliable, showing that
about one hundred and fifty millions of dollars
would be sufficient to pay and equalize boun-
ties on the basis of eight and one-third dollars
per month for the time of service; and after
