3970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
Massachusetts why it is he selects the heads of
these bureaus and reduccs them and yet leaves
the subordinates in their present grade so we
shall have in the quartermaster's department
six colonels under his arrangement. He re-
duces the head of the department now a briga-
dier general, but he does not reduce those under
him.
Mr. BUTLER, ofMassachusetts. My amend-
ment indeed does, and I will answer the ques-
tion. I have not yet got so far as the next in
rank. I am dealing with the head now, and I
propose to reduce the tail in the same ratio. I
am coining to that as soon as I get the head
right. I must deal with the thing I have before
me. I want to drop the heads of these Depart-
ments down to therank I have indicated. Then
I propose the subordinates down to captains
shall drop a peg lower to correspond. The
committee will not muster out anybody. They
will not take anybody's commission. This bill
keeps all these useless officers. This bill, as
reported, gives of staff officers one to every
ihirty-eight men. There are six hundred and
lifty-ono staff officers to deal with twenty-five
thousand men. They will not let one of them
go. There are more than twice as many as for
the like number of men before the war. There
are seventeen general officers, twenty adjutant
generals, nine inspector generals, seventy-six
quartermasters, sixty-four paymasters, one to
five hundred men; twenty-nine subsistence
men, one hundred and twenty-four medical
officers—one medical officer to every two hun-
dred men—sixty-four ordinance men, and one
hundrwl and seven engineers, making a total
of six hundred and fifty-one officers to twenty-
eight thousand men. That is what makes the
expense of the Army. The committee have
not proposed in their bill to drop one of these
men until he dies. They hold on to him till
that moment, and apparently would do so after-
ward if they could, but then he slips out of
their hands. They take cave of him as long as
he lives, whether he is useful to the service or
not. Now, my proposition is that these chiefs
of bureaus shall come down to the pay of col-
onels, and their subordinates to the pay of
lieutenant colonels, majors, and captains.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I propose to close de-
bate on this section.
Mr. LOGAN. Allow me to be heard.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will yield the gentle-
man five minutes.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Bkti.eti] withdraws his amend-
ment, and I renew it. When I say 1 am in
favor of reducing the Army I mean reducing
the Army. The idea of presenting to this
House and the country a mere pretense is not
the way and manner in which we should deal
with the people. Now, I mean no offense to
the chairman of the committee when I say
this, but I do say that this bill does not reduce
the x\.rniy, though it pretends to do so.
I had a conversation with the Secretary of
War this morning, in which this subject was
incidentally referred to. Now, what is the
proposition ? It is to retire one seventh of
the officers of the Army on half pay, and it is
then proposed that they may be assigned to.
special duty. The Secretary of War would
easily find special duty for them, and then you
would have no actual reduction either in num-
bers of officers or in expense.
Now, sir, the way to reduce the Army is
this : the people of the country do not under-
stand that an officer of the Army has an
inalienable right to hold on to his commission
as long as life lasts—with more tenacit3', ap-
parently, sometimes than ordinary men adhere
to it. The people do not understand that we
are to support an aristocracy without daring
to say to these officers 1' When your services
are no longer needed they shall be dispensed
with." I know there are old men in the ser-
vice, men who have families, and who are
capable in every respect of taking charge of
some of these departments and perform the
duties. These men I do not want to have
shoved out in the cold. But there are other
men in the Army with ranks that they have no
right to retain, not because they have not. won
it', not because we desire to degrade them, but
because the country has no use for their rank
or service.
Now, how do you reduce an army? What
do you call an army ? Does it consist of mere
soldiers? Certainly not. You may discharge
every soldier in the Army to-day, and yet you
have an Army; but it would be an Army of
officers. If you mean to reduce the Army dis-
charge your officers as well as soldiers. The
idea that because men have been educated at
the Government expense or otherwise, and
happen to be retained in the Army to-day, they
shall not be retired or removed as soon as
we have no further use for them is preposter-
ous. The argument of the gentleman from
Ohio [ Mr. Garfield] last night astounded me.
He said these men were placed there, and it
would be an outrage to remove them.
Why, sir, the gentleman is placcd here in
Congress by the vote of his constituents. W ould
he consider it an outrage to be left at home
by them? I think, myself, it would be doing
themselves a great, injury, but they have a right
to do it nevertheless, as have the constituents
of each one of us here. Now, these officers
have no more right to be retained for life
because they have commissions given to them
by the President than any other officer of the
Government. Such a doctrine is the essence
of aristocracy. You are maintaining an aris-
tocracy in the organization of the Army, and
the people are to become menials. Every offi-
cer in this country, whether civil or military,
should be the servant of the people, and should
be willing to yield obedience to their will, and
when the people say they have 110 further use
for their service they should acquiesce and
decline to impose their services upon the peo-
ple.
Sir, I am in favor of reducing the Army.
IIow ? By reducing the generals, the colonels,
and other officers in the same ratio that you
reduce the men in the Army. When you do
that you will have just as many men as you
have officers to command them, and just a3
many officers as you have necessity for in order
to command your Army, and no more.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I oppose the amend-
ment, and will close the debate in a few words.
The gentleman, I am sure, does not desire to
misrepresent what the bill proposes, and I was
sorry to hear him say that the bill made only
a pretense of reducing the Anny when it did
not really reduce it. 'There are now in the
Army of the United States twenty-eight hun-
dred and fifty-eight commissioned officers.
This bill proposes to place seven hundred and
eighty-five—more than one quai terof all those
officers—on a list to be relieved from duty and
placed on half pay.
Mr. LOGAN. That is exactly what I said.
Mr. GARFIELD. That is equivalent to
ceasing to pay three hundred and ninety-two
officers of the United States Army a dollar
from this time forward. Now. if anybody will
say that that is no reduction at all, I cannot
understand his reasoning or his arithmetic.
There are now forty-five thousand enlisted
men in the Army, and it is proposed that that
number shall be reduccd to twenty-five thou-
sand. There are now forty-five regiments of
infantry. It is proposed to reduce the number
to thirty. There are ten cavalry regiments.
It is proposed to reduce the number to seven.
There are five regiments of artillery. It is
proposed to reduce the number to four. The
statement I have now made is a simple state-
ment of the facts of the bill, and I am unwill-
ing that it shall go to the country that the com-
mittee have brought in a bill which pretends
to reduce but does not really reduce the Army
and its expenditures. If the bill passes as
reported by the committee it will reduce the
annual expenses of the Army not far from
fifteen million dollars per annum.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 would like to ask the gentle-
man a question. When I used the word " pre-
tense" I did not mean to say that the commit-
tee was designedly trying to impose on the
country, but only that that was the effect of the
bill upon its face. Now, I will ask thegentleman
this question : Is it not a fact that during the
late war when an order from the Secretary of
War was issued for the consolidation of regi-
ments, you were required when you consoli-
dated regiments to muster out the surplus offi-
cers and non-commissioned officers? Is not
that the fact?
Mr. GARFIELD. I have no doubt of that
fact.
Mr. LOGAN. I know I did it frequently.
Then I would ask the gentleman, if, in the
consolidation of regiments in front of the
enemy, officers in commission were required to
be mustered out, where is the hardship now in
time of peace of mustering out officers in com-
mission when we consolidate regiments and
have a surplus of officers ? That was the rule
in the Army during the war, and I have mus-
tered out many a one.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 have several times in the
course of this debate stated the distinction be-
tween a military peace establishment and an
array in time of war. That distinction has al-
ways prevailed in the military service of the
United States, and it seems to me not unrea-
sonable that it should prevail now.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I would ask
the gentleman how many officers are mustered
out by this bill?
Mr. GARFIELD. I have several times said
that this bill does not propose absolutely to
muster out any officers. The gentleman under-
stands that very well. But I say that it reduces
the aggregate pay of officers the same as if we
mustered out three hundred and ninety-two
officers absolutely.
Mr. PILE. In addition to the number of
officers placed on the relieved list under this
bill there will be a further reduction from the
fact that no vacancies can be filled except by
transfers from the relieved list to the active
list. In the opinion of the Secretary of War
a careful examination of the line of officers
of the Army would result in the dismissal of a
large number—probably one fourth of the
whole number—that in fact many dismissals
have recently been made for incompetence,
drunkenness, or other immoralities. The
point I make is that we can reduce the num-
ber of officers to the required amount by weed-
ing out by court-martial and a board of exam-
ination incompetent and worthless men, thus
mustering out for cause a number equal to the
number of supernumeraries, thereby saving
the Armygood officers and getting rid of worth-
less ones, all this can be accomplished in six
months.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move now to close
debate on this amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
The question was on the amendment offered
by Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, to strike out
in lines one and two the words " any vacancies
which may hereafter occur in;" in line ten
to strike out the words " on the occurrence of
a vacancy in each respectively," and to add
to the section the following:
Provided, That in the offices abovenamed tho
present incumbents may continue therein at the last
mentioned rank and pay.
Se that the section will read:
Sec. 63. Andbcitfnrtherenaetcd, That the office of
Adjutant G-eneral, Quartermaster General, Commis-
sary General of Subsistence, chief of ordnanee, chief
of engineers, Paymastei'General, Surgeon General, or
Bureau ot Military Justice, shall be filled by the ap-
pointment or assignment of an officer who skull have
the lank, pay and allowances nf a colonet of cavalry.
And all taws and parts of laws authorising tho up-
pointmen t ot any ollicer of a higher grade than colonel
in any of said offices shall ecase and determine:
Provided, That in the office abovenamed the present
incumbents raay continue therein at the last-uaen-
tioned rank and pay.
Mr. GARFIELD. The question is on de-
grading these officers.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No; that
is not a id,ir statement of tho question. The
