1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1923
that the country loses, and it loses, perhaps,
more in another respect, or will eventually,
and that is, that we are fast beihg deprived of
that skilled labor in the construction of vessels
which has been heretofore considered of great
consequence to this country, and would be in
the future if it could be kept. We need it
sometimes at periods of emergency; and we
need it always from the effect it has to give'to
the country a high character in the construc-
tion of vessels to navigate the ocean.
One great reason, and the principal reason,
why the construction of vessels in our sec-
tion—perhaps in all sections, but in ours prin-
cipally—is so much depressed is simply be-
cause, owing to the very high price of all the
articles which go into the construction of those
vessels, we cannot compete with our neighbors
of the British provinces. Not only is labor
very much cheaper there—and that cannot be
remedied—but materials are chcaper, for the
reason, in the first place, that if they had at
any time duties upon those articles, at the pre-
sent time they give a drawback upon all arti-
cles which go into the construction of vessels;
and we, if we make vessels at all, are obliged
from necessity, from the present laws with
reference to those things, to pay such heavy
duties on all the articles enumerated in my
amendment, that it is impossible for us to con-
tinue in competition with our neighbors. The
consequence is, that the construction of sailing
vessels, except in very few instances, has about
ended; that is, comparatively.
Under these circumstances, as this bill is
brought forward for the purpose and with the
express object of relieving the great industries
of the country, I appeal to Senators to tell me
what one there is among them all which has
suffered, and is suffering, so much as that which
is connected with the manufacture and con-
struction of vessels, and what one, if it is suf-
fered to fall into decay, is to produce such great
injury to the general interests of the country
itself?
I do not feel disposed to make a long argu-
ment on this subject, because I speak of facts
which are known to every individual in the Sen-
ate. There is no disputing the general state-
ment. Itis admitted by everybody; itisknown
to all. I may well appeal to my honorable
friend from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] for his vote
when he says that it is so desirable to see all
industries again flourishing in order that we
may be able to meet our responsibilities and
take our place as a nation. Strike down and
keep down the navigation of the country in its
present position, and Senators may well ask
themselves whether they do not diminish won-
derfully our chance of again taking our place
by the side of other nations in all those things
which go to make a nation great and strong.
I say nothing more, sir, because it is useless for
nae to argue on matters which every Senator
understands in their general aspect quite as
well as I do.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is certainly no par-
liamentary difficulty in attaching to a bill of
this kind a proposition relating to the tariff,
and therefore 1 do not make the point, except
that it is rather unusual. When the two relate
to the same particular article, as in the case
of cotton, where we repealed the internal tax
on cotton, there fell with it the duty on im-
ported cotton ; they were germane to the sub-
ject, although one related to the tariff and the
other to the internal revenue. But the diffi-
culty in this case is this: this is a bill intended
to relieve us from taxes: the proposition of
the Senator from Maine is a proposition to
increase expenditures. They are, therefore,
precisely in opposite directions. If this amend-
ment should be adopted, the amountthat would
be taken from the Treasury it is difficult for us
to estimate, because we do not know how many
articles or the value of the articles that will
enter into the manufacture of ships. The du-
ties collected on all the articles which enter
into the manufacture of a ship would be re-
funded. The shipping interest receives benefit
from this bill like all other interests, because
now many of the articles which enter into the
component parts of a ship pay taxes—not, it
is true, the hull of the vessel, because we re-
lieved the hull of the vessel and most parts of
the vessel from taxes before ; but many other
articles that enter into a ship pay internal
taxes. Nearly all manufacturers do. They
get the benefit of the repeal to that extent.
They get also the general benefit which the
people at large will derive from this repeal.
But this amendment proposes, in addition
to that, to give them a bounty for building ves-
sels. Every article of American manufacture,
without exception, that enters into a ship they
will get without any tax. In that respect they
will stand like any other industry. No article
that I am aware of which forms, remotely or
directly, any component part of a ship will
pay any duty, provided it is made out of Ameri-
can products—American lumber, American
kemp, American iron, American glass, nails,
and all the other articles that enter into the
component parts of a ship. But this propo-
sition is that where these articles have paid a
duty at the custom-house, forming a part of
our revenue, that money shall be taken and
paid back to persons to build vessels; in other
words, it is a bounty for ship-building. That
is all there is of it.
I submit whether, under the circumstances
by which we are surrounded, on a bill of this
kind, intended to relieve the industry of our
country, it is right to increase our expendi-
tures by taking money collected in the form of
taxes and paying it to ship-builders as a bounty
for ship-building. I agreed a year ago, when
the tariff bill was pending, to the relief con-
templated by this proposition, and vcted for it
on a general revision of the tariff' where we
raised the tariff duties, but that was in a bill
which increased the revenue on other matters,
and would have increased the revenue suf-
ficiently to compensate for this relief to ship-
building. But that bill was defeated, and
therefore there is no merit or strength in this
proposition. The very bill to which this
proposition was then attached by the conscnt
of the Committee on Finance would have
raised the additional revenue required to re-
fund back to the ship-builder the amount col-
lected from articles that enter into the manu-
facture of a ship ; but that bill failed.
And now, all our computations are based
upon the present revenue laws, which yield us
not to exceeed S145,000,U00 duties. We can-
not diminish those duties without diminishing
our revenue. We cannot take the money re-
ceived from duties and pay it over to the ship-
builder without makingit necessary to lay other
forms of taxation on other industry; and I say
in regard to this proposition, as I said in regard
to the proposition of the Senator from West
Virginia, that no proposition to reduce reve-
nue ought, in the present condition of financial
affairs, to be made unles some other tax is sub-
stituted in its place. 1 do not know how much
will be required to comply with the provisions
of this section if it should become a part of the
law. As a matter of course, in order to be of
any very great relief to the shipping interest,
it must be very large. I have no statistics
before me, and have had no opportunity to
consider it.' This same proposition was sub-
mitted to the Committee on Finance, and we
dismissed it on the ground that it did not re-
late to the general purpose of this bill, which
was to relieve industry from taxes. This prop-
osition is to reduce the taxes by taking a por-
tion of the proceeds of taxes and giving it as a
bounty to ship-builders.
It is true that the shipping industry of this
country is now under depression ; but that is
true, also, of the shipping interest all over the
world. I saw statistics recently, carefully pre-
pared from a leading shipping journal, show-
ing the same distress on the Clyde and in Liv-
erpool and all the ports of England. The same
want of prosperity exists in the shipping inter-
est all over the world. I have no doubt that
Maine and all the other shipping States will
gradually regain their ascendancy aud their
prosperity in this interest; but it will be by
the gradual abolition of taxes and by dispens-
ing with our paper currency. I have no doubt
that the depreciated currency has a more inju-
rious effect upon the interests of acommercial
community like Maine, where they are brought
in direct competition with countrieswhere gold
only is circulated; and they will get their gen-
eral relief by the raising of the standard of
our currency to the standard of gold. But
the idea of sustaining the shipping interest by
bounties, by taking money collected in the
form of taxes from the Treasury and giving
it in bounties, ought not to be resorted to un-
less the very bill itself provides the means and
mode and manner of raising the money to pay
those bounties, as the tariff bill did. It is
probable, if the tariff bill had passed, the in-
creased revenue from the vf ry articles named
in this amendment would make up the amount
necessary to pay back to the shipping interest
the amount that entered into the vessels, be-
cause many of these articles imported into this
country enter into the manufacture of-many
other things besides shipping; and it may
have been that the increased duties levied by
that tariff bill would have furnished from these
same articles an increased revenue sufficient
to pay the bounty contemplated by that bill.
I do not think it is necessary to argue this
question further, because I trust the Senate
will keep this bill free from all extraneous
matters. Let us, if possible, lift the load from
the manufacturing industry of our couutry, so
that by the 1st of April ihey may start in full
play. It is important to have this bill acted
upon and to have as few points of controversy
between the two Houses as possible. It is
important to make it as simple as possible, so
that it may be acted upon promptly and passed
through all the stages of parliamentary form
in order to take effect upon the 1st of April.
Now all industry is suspended. No man will
manufacture, because he cannot tell whether
he is to pay a tax. No man will buy goods,
because he hopes to buy cheaper when the tax
is taken off. The result is that it stops not
only the manufacture but the puichase and
sale of all articles the piice of which will be
affected by this bill. 1 submit, therefore,
whether we ought to mingle with it any other
matters not directly connected with the sub-
ject before us, which is to relieve the manufac-
turing industry by this bill from such burden
as the condition of the finances will allow. I
trust the Senator from Maine will himself see
the force of this reason, which influenced the
Committee on Finance almost unanimously,
and waive this question for the present, with-
out going into the merits of it, and allow it to
come up in some other form, as it will here-
after. He will find certainly that we are as
willing to extend relief to the commercial
interests as we are to the manufacturing and
all other interests. It so happens that if this
bill should pass in its present form the taxes
will be removed from domesticindustry except
upon those articles which can easily bear them.
All taxes on shipping, all taxes on manufac-
tures, all taxes on articles which enter into the
common consumption of the country, will be
repealed, and our internal taxation will be con-
fined to comparatively few articles, upon which
the tax may be collected easily and well.
Mr. FESSENDBN. Mr. President, my
honorable friend from Ohio said he trusted
that I should see the force of his argument.
I confess that I am not so fortunate, and espe-
cially do I not see the force of that argument
which he repeated several times calling this a
"bounty/' I expected to hear him talk about
"codfish" the next thing [laughter]—the old
story—but he did not get to that. Now, what
is the object of calling it "a bounty" and
repeating that it is a "bounty." Merely to
prejudice the minds of Senators, going upon
the idea that we are a class of people here in
this Chamber who are dominated by the sound
of words and cannot look beyond them to the
thing itself. It would do very well in address-
ing a multitude in a stump speech out doors,
