1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
589
or in some cases one hundred, miles from the
place of his settlement to the land office.
Congress has already intervened to prevent
this hardship to the settler. By an act passed
on the 21st of March, 18G4, we provided that
persons in the Army and Navy of the United
States, who might seek the benefits of the
homestead law, could make the required pre-
liminary affidavit before the officer in com-
mand either in the Army or in the Navy.
The same act further provided that the set-
tler, when living at a distance or laboring
under bodily infirmity, could make the first
affidavit required by the homestead act, the
affidavit for the entry of the land, before the
clerk of the court of the county in which he
resided.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there are two other affi-
davits contemplated by the homestead law—
one when the settler perfects his title at the
expiration of the five years of settlement, and
the other when he may seek to commute his
title from a homestead title to an immediate
title under patent by the payment of the mini-
mum price of the land.
If this bill passes, the homestead settler, liv-
ing perhaps fifty or one hundred miles from the
land office, and being almost necessarily a
poor man, because the homestead law is taken
advantage of only by those in very moderate
circumstances, can go before the clerk of the
court of his county and make the required affi-
davit and furnish the necessary proofs. In the
absence of such a bill as this he is obliged to
travel in many cases a considerable distance,
at a serious expense, because it is not travel in
an old country provided with railroads, but
in a new country, where the expense of travel
is very great. For instance, in my own dis-
trict, there is a land office known as the St.
Cloud land office, and the settlements extend
eighty miles beyond that land office. A set-
tler upon the frontier is required to go to
the land office at St. Cloud to make the re-
quired affidavit before the register and receiver.
He cannot make that trip for less than twenty-
five or thirty dollars. This is to him a con-
siderable sum. Besides that, he is required
to take with him two witnesses, whose expenses
he is also obliged to pay. Thus the poor man,
to whom the Government has offered this boon
of land without price, is by this incidental re-
quirement put to almost as much expense as
he would be at to take the land under the pre-
emption laws or to purchase it with land war-
rants or agricultural scrip. Now, there is no
reason for this. . We have already provided
that he may make the first affidavit required
by the law before a clerk of the county court
or the commander of a regiment or naval ves-
sel. This bill simply proposes that he shall
be permitted to make the other affidavit in the
same way. I do not see how this provision
can work any injustice. It certainly will re-
lieve the settlers of the country from a very
great hardship.
Mr. Speaker, I shall be glad to answer any
questions which gentlemen may desire to ask.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think,
Mr. Speaker, I see the bearing of this bill, and
think I can convince the House that it is one
which ought not to pass. It proposes to
change the law in regard to the entry of lands
as it has existed from the earliest days of the
Government. Our laws have always required
that any man desiring to enter lands should go
to the land office and make his proofs before
the register and receiver—officers of the Uni-
ted States; the testimony being filed in that
office and sent up here to the General Land
Office. And there was wisdom in that pro-
vision. The land belonging to the Govern-
ment, parties desiring to enter that land should
be required to appear and present their proofs
before officers whom the Government has
designated. There was some safety in such a
provision. The law has also provided for the
punishment of parties committing perjury.
Such has been the provisions of our law when
we required men to pay for the land. In
earlier times, settlers in the new States—in
i Illinois among others—went to the land office,
traveling a greater distance than the gentle-
men's constituents are obliged to go, taking
with them their witnesses and the necessary
evidence. Theygave in their testimony before
the register and receiver, and there was some
security for the truthfulness of that testimony,
because it was sent up here to the General
Land Office to be reviewed. But now, sir,
since we have given away so largaa proportion
ot out public lauds, not only to actual settlers,
which 1 was in favor of, but to swindling rail-
road companies and other corporations, the
_ gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Donnelly]
! comes in here and asks us to repeal in effect
all the previous provisions of our laws on this
subject, and allow the men claiming these
homesteads to make their testimony—before
whom? Before an officer of the Government,
: responsible to the Government? No, sir; but
before the clerk of the county court in the par-
ticular county. We are asked to reverse the
whole policy of our legislation on this subject,
to sweep away the safeguards heretofore pro-
vided l'or the prevention of fraud and perjury,
and permit these men who pay nothing for
their land to make affidavit simply before the
clerk of the county court.
I say, sir, while I would extend every proper
; facility to the actual settler, yet I admit I would
have provisions of law to protect us against
fraHd#lmd perjuries which might under this bill
I creep in for the purpose of getting up these
affidavits and getting in this testimony.
But I do not think the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands ought to pass a bill of this kind and
| put these men in a better position than the
I purchasers of public lands from the commence-
| ment down to the present time. When they
j bought the public lands and paid for them in
j hard cash we required them to come before our
] officers and make testimony. Now these men
| who enter these lands for nothing, or who com-
! mute for a price, do that with all the guards
which heretofore protected this testimony. I
am opposed to the bill and prefer to let things
remain as they are.
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. Speaker, in my
judgment the gentleman from Illinois is ps far
wrong in his facts as he is in his logic. He has
stated that this is an innovation. I tried to
make myself heard amid the clamor of the
House to the effect that it is in no sense an in-
novation, but simply the carrying out of a pre-
cedent already established ; and 1 ask the Clerk
to read in support of that statement two sec-
tions of the act of March 21,1804, which I send
to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sections one and three of an act amendatory of the
homestead law, and for other purposes:
" Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That in case of any person desirous of
availing himself of the.benefits of tho homestend
act of a)th May, 1862, but who, by reason of actual
service in the military or naval service of the United
States, is unable to do the personal preliminary acts
in the district land offico which the said act of 20th
May, 1862, requires, and whose family, or some mem-
ber thereof, is residing on the land which he desires
to enter and upon which a bona jide improvement
and settlement have been made, it shall and may be
lawful for such person to make the affidavit required
by said act before the officer commanding in the
branch of the service in which the party may be
engaged, which affidavit shall be as binding in law,
and with like penalties, as if taken before the regis-
ter or receiver, and upon such affidavit being filed
with the register by the wife or other representative
of the party, the same shall become effective from
the date of such filing, provided tho said application
and affidavit aro accompanicd by the fee and com-
missions, as required by law.
"Sf.c 3. And be it further enacted. That in any case
hereafter in which the applicant for the benefit of
the homestead, and whose family, or some member
thereof, is residing on the land which he desires to
enter, and upon which a bona fide improvement and
settlement have been made, is prevented by reason
of distance, bodily infirmity, or other good cause
from personal attendance at the district land office,
it shall and may be lawful for him to make the affi-
davit required by the original statute before the
clerk of tho court for.the county in which the appli-
cant is an actual resident, and to transmit the same,
with the fee and commissions, to the register and
receiver."
Mr. DONNELLY. This bill simply con-
templates that the affidavit made by the actual
settler, when he commutes his homestead title
and pays cash, or when he proves up his title
at the end of five years, may be made before
the clerk of the county court in which he
resides, instead of traveling to the register and
receiver of the land office. Now, it appears
: by the law just read that in 18G4, in the case
of any person in the military or naval service,
it was provided that such an affidavit could be
made before the commanding officer of such
soldier or sailor; and furthermore, that in the
case of any actual settler the first and prelim-
inary affidavit, by all odds the most important
of all the affidavits required to be made under
the homestead law, might be made before the
, clerk of the county court in which the settler
resided, instead of before the register and
receiver of the lan^ office. Now, sir, this
bill asks that the same rule shall be applied to
the other affidavits provided for by the home-
stead act, to wit, that made by the settler,
when he commutes his title, relinquishes his
position as a homestead settler, and pays for his
land, pays actual cash into the pockets of the
Government; and in the other case, when at
the expiration of five years he comes forward
and proves occupancy and claims his patent.
Every gentleman in this House must be well
aware that those proofs and those affidavits
will come here and be filed in the General
Land Office, and that the persons making
them are subject to the penalties and pains of
perjury for any falsehood they may swear to
before the clerk of the county court as fully
as if their affidavits were made before the reg-
ister atid receiver of the land office.
Mr. Speaker, it is a question merely and
altogether of convenience to the settler whether
he shall be allowed to go before the clerk of
the county in which he resides or shall be
compelled to travel fifty or a hundred miles,
and take witnesses at his own expense, to
prove that which could be as well proved
within a short distance of his own home.
Now, the intention of the homestead act was
to afford homes to poor men. Poor men alone
avail themselves of it, and certainly it is not
the intention of Congress to impose upon them
this incidental injustice, which goes far toward
defeating the real purpose of the act. With
this explanation I yield to my colleague.
Mr. WINDOM. I have but a single word
to say on this subject. I introduced this bill
the other day upon mature consideration, be-
lieving it to be for the interest, or more prop-
erly speaking for the convenience, of the people
who would be benefited by it, and incapable of
injuring anybody. The only point to which I
want to refer is the objection made by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washburxe,] that
this bill will tend to the commission of fraud
and perjury. I cannot conceive how it has
any such tendency. If I thought it had I cer-
tainly should not have introduced it. This
evidence, as has been said by my colleague,
will be sent to the land office, where it may be
found just as readily as if given by the register
or receiver. In this regard we shall have a
safeguard against fraud and perjury, for cer-
tainly a man will be much more likely to com-
mit fraud and perjury a hundred miles from
his home, where nobody knows the circum-
stances, than he will if he makes his proof in
his own neighborhood where all the circum-
stances may be known. I think we are safe
in requiring this evidence to be taken before
the clerk as before the register and receiver. It
can do nobody any harm, and it will save thou-
sands and thousands of dollars to the poor men
on the frontier.
As ray colleague says, this homestead law
was made for the benefit of poor men. It
may seem a small thing to pay out thirty or
fifty dollars for a farm, but to the settlers on
the frontier it is a great consideration. They
have in many instances little or no money,
and if we can, without injury to anybody, save
them this amount it is certainly Very desirable
to do it. I hope the bill will pass.
Mr. DONNELLY. I yield to the gentle-
man from Wisconsin.
