1924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
but I think it rather out of place here. Why,
sir, this "bounty," as the Senator calls it, or
this " species of bounty," has been very com-
mon ever since the formation of the Govern-
ment. Iu all the tariff bills that we have
passed are provisions giving a drawback upon
certain articles for the benefit of commerce
and for the benefit of navigation. It is as old
as the Government itself, and it has never been
called a bounty, but simply refunding a certain
amount of duties charged for the special object
of benefiting a particular industry, applicable
alike to all classes of men, either directly or
indirectly.
Laying aside the force of that argument,
■what is the other? Let me ask Senators again
what is the object of this bill? Is it not to
relieve the suffering industry of the country ?
My friend says it is, so far as levying direct
taxes is concerned, except as to branches of
industry that may easily bear taxation. I
might differ with him somewhat upon that point;
but let that pass, for it has nothing to do with
the position which I take. I ask^ again, and
can anybody answer me the question, is there
any industry of this country, any pursuit of
any kind or description, which has suffered
more, and is suffering more, and is more de-
pressed, more nearly ruined, than this very
interest of navigation—the construction of ves-
sels? If the Senator cannot deny that he
yields the whole argument; that is to say, he
yields the whole argument upon which he en-
deavors to make an exception between this
particular thing, which I wish to notice here,
and the general provisions of the bill under
consideration. It is not to foster this, per-
haps, or to foster that; but industry is lan-
guishing. Ho says the navigation interests are
languishing everywhere. So they are. Some
of the causes apply everywhere, because all
business is languishing now throughout the
civilized world. I hope it will not endure
long; but it is a fact that is ignored in our
discussion of bills with reference to funding
and the currency and all those things, but it is
worth while to remember it here.
This interest with us suffers from these gen-
' eral causes, unquestionably, like others; but,
in addition to that, it suffeis from the particu-
lar cause that I have mentioned, ft hy, sir,
England always gave a drawback upon all arti-
cles that entered into the construction of ves-
sels, because she wished to make herself the
great navigating Power of the world. The
colonies on our border give a drawback at this
moment of duties upon all articles that enter
into the construction of vessels. Pass a river
in my State, and you find on the other side of
the line vessels constructed of materials more
abundant, produced there, with labor cheaper,
and with no duty imposed upon iron or cord-
age or any of those things, because it is all
given back. Come to our side of the line, and
you have not only the greater price of labor
—and I do not regret, for the laborer's sake,
the greater value of it in this country—but
you have all the heavy and onerous duties, im-
posed as they have been for the general pro-
tection, not for purposes of revenue alone, but
for the protection of other manufactures, press-
ing upon that interest until it almost sinks into
the ocean. Is that to be overlooked? Is that
state of things not worthy of consideration?
Are we to be answered in reference to that
matter, "This is not directly the thing that we
are legislating upon, because we are taking off
taxes levied at home; that is to say, articles
produced at home." The answer to that is,
what is the effect of your taxation? For all
of it is taxation. It is taxation of a different
description, but it is all taxation. What is the
effect? If the effect is the same and the rem-
edy is as easy, why not apply it in one case as
well as the other? That is the answer.
My honorable friend speaks of how much
this will take from the revenue. This bill
strikes off at once from the revenues of the
country many million dollars. The taxes all
press alike upon the consumer; whether im-
posed upon foreign products or imposed upon
manufactures of our own, the effect is pre-
cisely the same. My friend from Ohio does
not hesitate to strike at once $05,000,000 from
the internal revenue in addition to some
$40,000,000 taken off by the last Congress.
No question arises then about the revenue,
and whether it is or is not adequate to the
wants of the Government when you strike
there; but when you come to a tax which
amounts to perhaps four dollars a ton, and
perhaps a little more—I cannot tell the Sen-
ator exactly how much that would reach; but
not, I think, over four dollars a ton—upon an
interest as important to the strength and glory
of this nation as any other interest that can be
named, amounting certainly not to a very large
sum, his alarm is excited about the reve-
nue, whether it will be adequate to the sup-
port of the Government. One can readily see
that in the first beginning, if we take these
duties off, and it has an effect to increase or
to foster the construction of vessels, it is to be
small at first, growing larger and larger as
the interest itself improves and is able to sus-
tain itself against the competition which it
meets. I should be very glad to see the day
come, and so I know would all of us, when
our ship-yards throughout the country will be
as busy with industry as they have been here-
tofore, when you could hardly go into a port
on the Atlantic seaboard that you did not hear
the sound of busy industry used in the con-
struction of a vessel and see the ribs of the
great machine ready to receive its sheathing
and soon to become a thing of life uj>on the
ocean. Sir, you see no such sights now. If
such an effect can be produced by relieving
that great industry of the slight—slight to the
Government, heavy to the industry itself—
burden that is imposed upon it at the present
time and by the present laws, if you can bring
about that result, will it not be worth accom-
plishing? Will it not be worth, in its ultimate
results to the very revenue of the nation itself
and to its welfare, a thousand, aye, ten thou-
sand, times more than any amount of money
that you may withhold from the coffers of the
Government now in order to produce so great
a result as that would be?
Sir, I do not feel disposed to talk about this
matter unnecessarily; but viewing it as I do,
and knowing what the effect will be, I hope the
Senate will come to the same conclusion that
it did by so very large a vote a year ago, and
try to build up that interest as well as others.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, knowing, as I do, the tremendous dimi-
nution of our foreign commerce, I should be
in favor of a proposition of this kind, if it was
carefully drawn, oil any proper occasion. I
am aware that our commercial marine has been
reduced one half and that of England has been
increased fifty per cent, since the piracies of
the Alabama and her associates, and since the
terror of those pirates of the seas drove our
own merchants to sell their ships abroad. I
am not sure that I would not go even further
than the proposition of the Senator from Maine,
which, I believe, applies only to sailing vessels.
I think that our steam vessels having competi-
tion with foreign nations ought as much to be
relieved as our sailing vessels.
But, sir, I am aware that if this measure is
pressed here many propositions will be offered
in relation to the tariff. If the bill goes back
to the House of Representatives with a propo-
sition in relation to the tariff there will be a
multitude of propositions offered, and the bill
will be retarded for I know not how long a
time; certainly it cannot be expected to go
into operation on the 1st of April; and, while
I am ready to consider favorably this proposi-
tion on its merits, I hope that neither this nor
any other proposition will be offered to embar-
rass the bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting in line seven, after the
words " United States," the words " and steam ■
boats and other boats navigating the inland
waters of the United States and by inserting
in line eight, after the word "build," the words
"steamboats or other boats herein named;"
so that, if amended, the amendment will read :
And be it further enacted, That on and after the pas-
sage of this act there shall be allowed and paid a
drawback equal in amount to the import duty paid
on all lumber, hemp, (manilla,) copper, and upon all
iron not advanced in manufacture beyond bars, rods,
and bolts, which shall be wrought up m the construc-
tion, rigging, or equipment of sailing vessels of the
United States, and steamboats and other boats navi-
gating thoinlandwatersof the United States, or used
in repairing vessels of foreign build, steamboats, and
other boats herein named, documented in conformity
with the provisions of the act of December 23.1852,
less five per cent, of the amount of such drawback,
which shall be retained for the use of the United
States under such regulations as the Secretary of the
Treasury may prescribe.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the amendment offered
by the honorable member from Missouri is
adopted I do not see why it should not be
made to embrace ocean steamers. But I do
not rise so much to discuss that amendment
as to say a word upon the principle of the
amendment first offered by the honorable
member from Maine. It is objected to, first,
upon the ground that it is not pertinent to
the bill before us, or, in the ordinary language
of such occasions, is not germane to the mat-
ter. The honorable member from Ohio says
it is not germane, because the object of the
bill is to relieve the industry of the country.
How is that done ? It is done, or proposed to
be done, by taking off one-half of the present
tax upon everything which is supposed to af-
fect the industry of the country. That is one
way, to be sure, of relieving the industry of the
country. But there is another way equally
effective and more effective, and that is, to re-
move the tax altogether.
Now, if ship-building be oue of the valued
industries of the country, it will be very much
relieved by the adoption of the amendment
offered by the honorable member from Maine.
That amendment says that in all cases of ship-
building the tax imposed by your laws upon
any foreign import which may be used in the
manufacture of ships shall be subject to draw-
backs for the benefit of the ship-builder. Does
not that relieve that industry of the country,
just as effectually and more effectually than
the other industries of the country are relieved
by taking off one half of the tax ?
Supposing, therefore, that there is no objec-
tion, parliamentary or otherwise, to the amend-
ment upon the ground stated by the honorable
member from Ohio, the next question is, is
not the principle itself a correct one? There
are some industries of the country that are
more exclusively national than others; and if
any one can be said to be more national than
another, it is the marine of the country, the
ship-building of the country. In every nation
which lias at any time evinced any disposition
to increase its commerce or to secure its safety
upon the ocean in time of war, these draw-
backs have always been allowed. Now, it so
happens that we stand more in need of the
drawback than at any antecedent period ; be-
cause Senators are not to be forgetful of the
fact, which every mail who considers this par-
ticular industry as it exists knows, that ship-
building is now virtually extinct in the United
States.
Sir, what necessarily enters into perfect ship-
building? It is itself an art. It requires very
high skill. To obtain skill in that art requires
years of constant devotion and study ; and the
effect in former years was that the marine of
the United States was, in point of fact, superior
in all sailing qualities to the marine of the rest
of the world. During the war of 1812, when
we had no Navy, strictly speaking, able to com-
pete with the naval force of England, her com-
merce was almost virtually driven from the
ocean by the sharp sailers, who. as privateers,
traversed the sea. They eluded the vigilance
of the fastest of the naval vessels of England.
They absolutely laughed at them, because they
could keep beyond the reach of their guns and
sail around them with perfect impunity. That
was accomplished by the skill of our builders;
