8972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
will reduce themselves. I want to hurry that
reduction.
Mr. PILE rose.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman lias been heard, and I cannot yield to
him. I have not the time.
Mr. PILE. I hope, then, the gentleman will
not misrepresent me.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman's remarks will be in the Globe and so
will mine. He stated expressly that if the
drunkenness and misconduct of the Army con-
tinued it would bo reduced. Now, Hind while
the committee propose to reduce largely on
captains they propose to reduce only one col-
onel. They propose to reduce largely on cap-
tains but only two or three majors. What I want
is a clean thing. If six colonels are necessary
for forty majors, then it does not require more
than three colonels fortwenty-two majors. If
twenty-two majors are necessary for seventy-
six captains, it does not require but one half
as many majors for half the number of cap-
tains. The difficulty its, there is an attempt
on the part of the committee to save these
higher officers. Now, X am for reducing them
by cutting them down fairly and squarely,
doing justice lileo fate. If it is right to reduce
at all it, is right to reduce all alike. Kven-
hauded justice is what I demand. Therefore
I propose an amendment to cut down squarely
one half right through. The committee reduce
the lowest grades almost one third, and the
upper grades of generals, colonels, and lieu-
tenant colonels, who attend balls and parties
here in the winter, or have social and political
influence in Washington, who stick like leeches,
because of their influence are reduced very
little. As many as are wanted for the good of
the service let us keep. I propose that Con-
gress shall be just in its measures, and cut off
all alike squarely. Make the deduction one
third or one half; settle the question as to
what shall be the deduction, but when you have
done so strike as the justice of God strikes,
directly, and not yield this way or that to save
personal, political, or social favorites.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PILE. I rise to oppose the amendment
simply for the purpose of saying that what [
intended to say and what I think 1 did say with
reference to the process of reduction was this:
thatitwas the opinion of the Secretary of War
and my opinion, from information received at
the War Office, that a careful and rigid examin-
ation would reduce for cause the subordinate
officers of the Army now in service one fourth ;
that at the rate dismissals had been occurring
recently, some of them for crime, others for
drunkenness, and others for absence without
leave, or other acts of misconduct, the reduc-
tion in the course of eight or ten months would
approximate one fourth. Now, the number of
officers rendered supernumerary by the pro-
visions of this bill is a little more than one
fourth, so that by the time the major gener-
als, for whose dismissal or muster out the bill
as amended by the House provides, shall have
been relieved, if we shall amend section eight
so as to appoint a board of officers to examine
the qualitication of officers and their fitness
for retention, at the rale of reduction now
going on by the causes alluded to we shall have
a reduction of one fourth. Now, I think
this would much better conserve the real
interest of the country by promoting the effi-
ciency of the Army than any wholesale muster
out of supernumerary officers, whether begin-
ning at the top of the list as to rank or at the
bottom.
Mr. AXTE LL. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question. When an officer is mustered out
for drunkenness or incompetency, does his
place become vacant, and is it to be filled by
somebody else?
Mr. PILE. Under the law, as it now stands,
it besomes vacant, but, if the theory of this bill
is adopted there will be no vacancies except
such as occur in the reduced number of regi-
ments; and all supernumerary officers will be
placed on the r&lieved list and relieved from
duty; so that any vacancies occurring in the
active list from the causes alluded to will be
filled by a transfer from the relieved list of
officers selected by the War Department for
that purpose, and by that process the number
of officers will be reduced until by the Slst of
March next, at the rate now going on, by
weeding out incompetent, inefficient, and im-
proper officers, and the selection of others to
take their places from the lists of relieved offi-
cers, we will get rid of the supernumeraries
and have left the very best officers in the Army.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to offer an amendment in lieu of the sectiou.
Mr. GARFIELD. We proceed by para-
graphs, and the amendment is therefore not in
order now.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The® I
ask to have it read for information.
Mr. GARFIELD. Very well.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
That tho whole number of officers serving in the
above-named staff department shaft ho reduced ono
half, the officers retained to be designated by tho
General of the Army; and those not soleoted to bo
retained shall be mustered out on tholOch day of
March next.
Mr. GARFIELD. I object to that as not
being germane to the section.
The CHAIRMAN. Tho question is on the
amendment first offered by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butlek.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw it till the section is gone through.
'The question being taken on the paragraph
offered by the committee, it was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraphs of
the section :
Tho number of commissaries of subsistence with
tho rank of major shall bo reduced to six.
The number of commissaries of subsistence with
tho rank of captain shall be reduced to twelve.
Tho number of assistant paymasters general shall
bo reduced to one.
Tho number of paymasters shall be reduced to
forty.
The number of surgeons with the rank of major
shall be reduced to forty.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. On this
question of paymasters I want to call attention
to the fact that the committee do not propose
to have more than thirty regiments in the line
of infantry, and I hope the House will never
agree to more than twenty regiments of in-
fantry, and more than five of cavalry and three
of artillery. If those regiments are full they
will give you an army of twenty-nine thousand
six: hundred men. The regiments reported by
the committee call, when full, for forty-four
thousand four hundred men. The committee
only provide for twenty-five thousand men in
this bill by another section, but they do not cut
down the number of regiments to call for the
proper number of men only. They propose to
keep a large number of the regiments half full,
the effect of which is to enable them to retain
double the number of officers. It is the old
sore shot which wo have been probing, all the
while holding on trying to save the officers.
There are sixty-four paymasters now to pay
those regiments, and they do not propose to
cut them down to less than forty-five. Now,
why cannot one paymaster do more than pay
one thousand men when the rolls are all made
out for him ? I should like to know why,
especially when each one of these paymasters
has a clerk at a large salary, who generally
knows more than the paymaster about the
business. That has been my experience. The
clerk and company officers do all the work.
Now, why should this be allowed to go on. In
a manufacturing establishment in Lowell, for
$1,500 a year we can find a man who can pay
off fifteen hundred hands every month, and
keep all their accounts without any clerk. He
is clerk for all hands. I hear gentlemen say
that the men he pays are all in one house.
So they are, but they have to be paid every
month. Their wages have to be carried to
one cent and odd cents, and the whole record
has to be kept for monthly payments. It is
eight times as much work as it is to pay a
regiment. I have^seen a paymaster pay a
regiment in an ho® and a half. The sums
are generally all even, the men's names are
signed on the pay-roll beforehand, and the
men just walk in and take their money, and
away they go almost as fast as they can march
past the paymaster. And yet we are told here
that we must not cut down substantially the
number of paymasters.
Now, I am not going to discuss each one of
these propositions, because at last I propose
to offer my amendment, which is to cut down
all the staff departments one half. I have
here a list of general and staff officers in the
register of 18G7, and there are six hundred
and fifty-one, which to an army of twenty-five
thousand men is one staff officerto every thirty-
eight men. There are sixty-four ordnance
men, one hundred and seven engineers, one
hundred and seventy-four surgeons, or one to
every two hundred and odd men, and seventy-
six quartermasters. They propose to reduce
the number of these officers but one per
cent, in the higher grades and twelve per
cent, in the lower grades. I do not propose to
attempt to perfect the section. Let gentlemen
of the committee put their section in the shape
in which they want it, and when they get
through I shall move to cut down one third or
one half, right straight through, serving all
alike.
No amendments were offered, and the Clerk
read the remaining paragraphs of the section,
as follows:
The number of assistant surgeons, the rank of cap-
tain, shall be seventy-five:
That in tho ordnance department the number of
colonels shall be reduced to two; of lieutenant colo-
nels to three; of majors to seven; of captains to
eighteen; of first lieutenants to fourteen; and of
second lieutenants to eight.
And immediately upon the passage of this act the
Secretary of War shall prepare lists of all the officers
now in active service in each of tho staff corps, in
cxcess of the number in each grade authorized by
the provisions of this section. Said list to be made
in accordance with the provisions of the eighth and
ninth sectionsof this act; and allofiioers to placed
on said lists shall bo in like manner relieved on half
pay.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
offer the substitute for the section which I send
to the Chair, and I ask a vote upon it.
The Clerk read as follows:
That the whole number of officers serving in tho
above-named staff departments shall bo reduced one
half, the officers retained to be designated by the
General of tho Army, and those not selected to be
retained shall bo mustered out on the 10th day of
March next.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to call the attention of the House to the differ-
ence between the modes of selection provided
by the Committee on Military Affairs, and by
the amendment. The chairman of the com-
mittee [Mr. Garfield] proposes to have the
selection made in this way : to have a list of
these staff officers made out, and then have the
selection of those to be mustered out or re-
tained made from the youngest in office. The
cat under that meal is this : that the youngest
officers being volunteer officers who have lately
been appointed since the war, every volunteer
officer on these staff departments will be swept
out, and the old Army officers kept in. That
is exactly what is meant here. " Eternal vig-
ilance is the price of safety" for the volunteer
officers in our Army. I want to have this
understood by the House. The effect of this
section reported by the committee will be to
turn out of office every volunteer officer who
has been appointed for gallant and meritorious
services in either of these staff departments.
I heard here last night a very high eulogy
upon the regular Army. Now, I am not going
to say a word against the regular Army, but I
am going to state a few facts. I insist that it
was the volunteer army that did the fighting in
the late war; and I will prove it, and will not
be long about it either.
I hold in my hand the Army Register, which
has their own brag records on the tops of the
pages; I do not think they are very near cor-
rect, but it is their own story. I will state some
s facts from that register. When the war ended
j there was not a single regular regiment of
i infantry in either of the great armies of the
