540
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I desire
to express ray entire dissent from the views
expressed by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
^ ASinn uxE. ] 'J lie objections which he made
to the bill, and which when I lirst sought the
floor and desired to answer, has already been
answered, and it therefore is unnecessary for
me to add anything. The question involved
in this bill is simply whether the testimony of
the party applying for the benefit of the home-
stead act, which is now required to be given
before a register or receiver, may be given in
certain cases before a clerk of the court near
the residence of the party applying for the
benefits of the law, thus saving tlie applicant
in most cases considerable expense. It has
been well said the homestead act is intended
for the poor man, and it ^ certainly very desir-
able that those for whosebenefit itwas intended
should be saved as much unnecessary expense
as possible. The objection that this will lead
to the commission of perjury I think is not
well taken. The law should be liberally con-
strued and liberally executed, and there is less
likelihood that a party applying for its benefits
would make a false affidavit in the very pres-
ence of his neighbors than away from them.
But my object in taking the floor was to ask
the consent of the gentleman who reported
this bill to an amendment to this effect: t hat the
provisions of all existing homestead laws shall
hereafter apply to the even-numbered sections
of all lands within the limits of any existing
railroad land grant in the same manner as
other lands.
Mr. DONNELLY. I have no objection to
that amendment.
Mr. JULIAN. I will state to the gentleman
that the Committee on Public Lands have re-
ported a similar bill, which is now before the
House, covering that ground.
M>'■ ^'ASHli URN, of Wisconsin. This is a
proposition that will commend itself to every
member of the House, and it is uncertain when
the bill referred to by the gentleman from In-
diana will be considered by Congress. I there-
fore move the following amendment as an
additional section:
. it further enacted. That the provisions of all ex-
isting homestead laws shall hereafter apply to the
even-numbered sections of all lands within the liin-
tt . .any existing railroad land grant within the
U nited btates in the same manner as other lands.
Mr. DONNELLY. I demand the previous
question.
T he previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered,
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Washburn] applies to the southern
homestead law, and it would injuriously inter-
fere with the policy which has been adopted
in that section of the Union.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. That being
the case, and understanding from the chairman
of the committee that a bill has already been
reported providing for the extension of the
homestead law substantially as I desire, I with-
draw the amendment.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. DONNELLY. I demand the previous
question on the passage.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question being put on the passage of the
bill, there were—ayes 73, noes 5; no quorum
voting.
The Speaker ordered tellers; and appoined
Messrs. Donnelly, and Washburne of Illinois.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 81, noes 15.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. DONNELLY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The question was taken on the latter motion,
noes o; no quorum
and there were—ayes
voting.
The Speaker ordered tellers ; and appointed
Messrs. Julian and Holman.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes GO, noes 25.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
motion to reconsider.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I desire to enter a motion to reconsider
the vote by which the bill (II. R. No. 234) in
relation to the payment of certain claims was
postponed. I do not desire action on the
motion now, but merely to keep the bill within
the control of the House.
The motion was entered.
dceuque and s10cx city railroad.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported back with amendment^
a bill (H. R. No. 208) extending the time for
the completion of the Dubuque and Sioux
City railroad.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that the time for completing a line of
railroad from Dubuque to Sioux City, in the
State of Iowa, for the construction of which
lands were granted in alternate sections to said
State by an act entitled ''An act making a grant
of lands to the State of Iowa, in alternate sec-
tions, to aid in the construction of railroads
!1 in said State," approved May 15, 185G, be,
j1 and the same is, extended until the 1st day of
January, 1872; provided said road shall be
constructed on the most practicable route on
or near the surveyed line along which lands
have been selected under said grant, by way
of Webster City and Fort Dodge to Sioux
City, crossing the Little Sioux river not fur-
ther south than at or near the south line of
Cherokee county; and the same shall be com-
pleted to Fort Dodge on or before the 1st day
: of January, 1869, and thereafter at the rate
of not less than fifty miles each year; and the
said road shall be constructed, operated, and
, maintained as one continuous and unbroken j
' line of road from Dubuque to Sioux City. |
The second section provides that the lands
granted to said State, to aid in the construc-
tion of said road, liable to revert to the United
States on the 15th day of May, 1868, shall be
disposed of for the purpose of said grant only,
and in manner following, namely: when the
Governor of the State of Iowa shall certify to
I the Secretary of the Interior that any section
| of twenty consecutive miles of said road, not
j constructed on the 15th day of May, 1868, has
been completed in a good, substantial, and
workmanlike manner, as a first-class railroad,
then the Secretary of the Interior shall issue
patents conveying to the said State the lands
granted by said act aforesaid, lying on each side
of the completed section of said road continu-
ous therewith ; and in case it is found, when
said certificate of the Governor is made as
aforesaid, that of the odd-numbered sections
and parts of sections situate on each side of
said completed section of road within the limit
of fifteen miles a portion or all of the same
have been disposed of so as not to leave six
sections per mile remaining to be patented, the
Secretary of the Interior may include in the
patents to be issued such of the lands as the
State maybe entitled to under said grant, lying
nearest said completed section on each side
of the permanently located line of said road
within the limits of fifteen miles, for a distance
of not more than forty miles in advance of the
terminus of the same, so much thereof as will
make up the six sections per mile to which the
State may be entitled for the road completed.
And patents shall in like manner be issued as
each twenty miles of said road is completed
and certified to. And when the whole of" said
road is completed, all of the lands to which the
said State may be entitled under said grant for
the completion of that portion of said road
remaining uncompleted on the 15th day of
May, 1868, shall be patented to said State.
The third section provides that should the
said State fail to complete said road or cause
the same to be completed to Fort Dodge, and
at the rate of fifty miles a year, as herein pro-
vided, immediately upon the happening of such
failure the lands embraced in said grant, unpat-
ented and to which said State at the date of
such failure is "not entitled to a title therefor
shall revert to the United States and become
subject to sale and entry as other lands not
granted.
The fourth section provides that the route of
said road between Fort Dodge and Sioux City
shall be resurveyed and permanently located,
and a map of such location filed—one with the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, one
in the local land office at Fort Dodge, and one
in the local land oflice at Sioux City. And
until said location is made and maps filed the
lands granted by said act, liable to revert to the
United States on the 15th day of May, 1808,
shall be subject to homestead settlements under
the homestead laws, in quantities nut exceed-
ing eighty acres each ; and in lieu of the lands
thus taken as homesteads the State shall be
entitled to select other lands from any of the
vacant lands then belonging to the United States
within fifteen miles on each side of said road so
located, and the same are hereby granted to
said State for that purpose.
The committee reported the following amend-
ments:
i Amend section one by striking out in line eightoen
j the word "fifty" and inserting "forty" in lieu thereof,
j Amend section throe by striking ont in line three
the word "fifty"and inserting"f'orty"in lieu thereof;
so^ that it will read " at the rate of not less than forty
milcrf cach year."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to ask the gentleman from Wisconsin if he
proposes to put this bill through under the
operation of the previous question, or whether
he proposes to let the bill be examined and
debated?
Mr. HOPKINS. I do not propose to allow
the gentleman from Illinoisto occupy the entire
time until the morning hour expires with ques-
tions. I will say that this bill is precisely of
the same character as one which was passed
two weeks ago in regard to a road in Wiscon-
sin and Michigan ; that it makes no additional
grant of lands whatever, but simply extends
the time for the completion of the road from
Dubuque to Sioux City, in Iowa, till 1872.
The company has completed already one hun-
dred and forty miles of that road, and has
graded sixty miles further. By the provisions
of this bill they will be compelled to complete
sixty miles more in one year from the 1st of
January last, and complete forty miles in every
year thereafter until 1872. The grant expires
on the 15th of May next, and it becomes neces-
sary, therefore, for Congress to pass this bill,
and pass it quickly, so that the company may '
complete their arrangements to go on with the
the road next year. With this explanation I
demand the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I appeal
to the gentleman from Wisconsin to withdraw
that extraordinary demand. Here is a bill of
four or five pages, proposing to take five or
six hundred thousand acres of the public lands,
under circumstances which I desire to explain
to this House, and we are not to be allowed
one word of discussion. I want to know if
these stupendous schemes of land-grab are to
be gagged through this House?
Mr. HOPKINS. Is this debatable?
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
demanded, and no debate is in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, if
the House wants to second it let it go.
_ Mr. HOPKINS. If the previous question
is sustained the gentleman from Illinois can
occupy as much of my time as he chooses.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir;
I protest against it.
Mr. SPALDING. I wish to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. HOPKINS. I withdraw the previous
question for that purpose.
Mr. SPALDING. I merely want to know
