424
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 13,
Ho. op Beps.
Impolicy of Land Bounties, dcc.—Mr, Julian.
40th Oong 2d Sess.
assignable. On this subject I beg leave to
quote fiom a recent letter of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, in which he speaks
of this bill in the light of actual facte. He
sayn:
"I hare examined the inclosed bill (II.R. No.94®
to equalise bounties of soldiers, sailors, and marines
who served in tho late war for the Union, which I
had the honor to receive from you with the request
lor a statement as to the probable effeet of the meas-
ure in the light of the experience of this office.
"I find tho bill provides for the issue to soldiers,
sailors, and marines of interest-bearing certificates,
to be used by them or their heirs in payment for
public land -which they may hereafter purcbasefrom
the Government; that such certificates are in no
wise transferable, and that the interest may con-
tinue to accrue without limitation until the reeipient
may sec fit to purchase land therewith.
"The act ot September 28,3850. granting bounty
lands to soldiers who had served in any of the wars
inwhieh the United States had been engaged, con-
tained a provision that the warrants thereby author-
ized to bo issued should be located by the soldier or
hisheirs, thus preventingtheir assignment and sale.
This provision gavo such general dissatisfaction that
Congress passed the act of March 22, 1852, author-
izing the transfer of any warrantthen issued or to be
issued.
" The files and records of this office show that not
one in five hundred of the land warrants issued and
placed in the bands of thesoldiersor their heirs have
been located by them, or for their use and benefit;
and further, that although tho said act of March 22,
1852, made such warrants assignable, it is safe to
assume that not to exceed ten per cent, of them have
been used by preemptorsas assignees in payment for
actual settlements, the most part having been used
by persons to acquire title to the public lands for
speculative purposes.
"Should the bill under consideration becomealaw,
and by future legislation be so modified as to make
the certificates assignable or available to I he j-oldier
or his lieirs without becoming settlers on tho public
lands, there is no reason that can be suggested by
this officewhy results like those ii> respect to thepast
issues may not bo looked for in regard to the certifi-
cates contemplated by tho present measure, tho effeet
of which would be to transfer to-non-resident pro-
prietors laige bodies of tbe public domain."
That, sir, is the authoritative statement of
Commissioner Wilson, whose judgment, ex-
perience, and familiarity with the whole sub-
ject no one will question. That these certifi-
cates would be made assignable there can
scarcely be a single doubt. The great body of
our soldiers need their bounty now, and not
the promise of it at some time in the uncertain
future; and if the relative handful of the sol-
diers of our Mexican war were strong enough
to carry a bill through Congress making their
warrants assignable, it is quite certain the like
thing would happen now at the bidding of the
hosts who would demand it. Indeed, 1 believe
some of the friends of the bill do not disguise
the fact that ultimately these certificates are to
become assignable by law, go that the holders
of them may realize their value in money.
What, then, would be the effect of such
legislation, both as to the soldier and the pub-
lic domain? Mr. Wilson, in the letter I have
quoted, says that not one in five hundred of the
Mexican war land warrants were located by
the soldiers or for their use and benefit, and
that not to exceed ten per cent, of them have
been used by preemptors as assignees in pay-
nient lor actual settlements, the most part hav-
ing been used by persons to acquire title to the
rjublic lands for speculative purposes. He pre-
dicts very naturally the same mischievous
results from the present bill should it become
a law. ^ But I ask particular attention to the
following additional facts which I copy from
the carefully prepared report of the House
Committee on Public Lands already referred to;
1 At th o close of tbe last fiscal year there remained
outstanding fifty-three thousand nine hundred and
twelve military bounty-land warrants, issued under
various acts of Congress, calling for the aggregate
quantity of five million six hundred and three
thousand two hundred and twenty acres. These
warrants are selling at about one dollar per acre.
Tinder the agricultural college aetot'1862 scrip has
been i=sued to non-public land-holding States to
the amount of five million three hundred and forty
acres; and when thcStatesofiheSouthshall have re- |
eeived theirsharcs under the act, the whole amount
ot landcoveredbyit will be nine million six hundred
thousand acres. This will be the subject of monop-
oly in the hands ot speculators, and the price of the
scrip will depend, to a considerable extent, upon the
quantity ot it in market and ol the unlocated mili-
tary bounty-land wanants. Tho piioe has generally
ranged from sixty to' seventy cents per acre, but has
sometimes gone much lower. As lurthcr affecting
the'price of warrants and scrip it should be remem-
bered that over forty-three million acres of "swamp
and ovferflowed lands" have been granted by Con-
grees to the States, more than one-half of which is
probably in the hands of monopolists; that about
two hundred millions of acres have been granted to
aid in building railroads and for other purposes of
internal improvements thus inaugurating further
and fearful monopolies of the public domain ; and
that millions of acres of Indian lands, by virtue of
the most pernicious treaty stipulations, are falling
into the hands of monopolists, thus still further ag-
gravating the wide-spread evils long since inflicted
upon the country by the ruinous policy of land spec-
ulation. livery day gives birth to somenew scheme
of monopoly by which the paramount right of the
peoplo to homes on the public domain is abridged or
denied, anditsproductivewealthseriously retarded;
and no one will need be told that, should this policy
be continued, tho opportunities of settlement and
tillago under the preemption and homestead laws
must constantly diminish."
Mr. Chairman, I ask gentlemen to keep
these facts in remembrance in considering the
effect of this measure upon the soldier, 1 ask
them to remember the present price of college
scrip, the quantity of which is yet to be almost
doubled, and which at one time sold as low as
thirty-seven and a half cents per acre. Let
them bear in mind the amount of old bounty-
land warrants yet outstanding, and the stupen-
dous monopoly of the public domain which is
going on in other directions and threatening
to swallow it up, and then ask themselves what
would be tho effeet of putting in the market
from one to two millions of assignable certifi-
cates payable in land. Every man can answer
this question for himself, but 1 believe 1 am
safe in saying that the price would fall as low
as twenly-five cents per acre. Our Mexican
land warrants at one time sold at from thirty-
five to forty cents per acre, and this, it must
be remembered, was before the enactment of
the homestead law, while the quantity of war-
rants was a small fraction only of that of tho
certificates now proposed to be issued. The
Great Republic, in speaking of this bill, says
that after paying notary and attorney's fees
the whole money value to the soldiers of such
a grant would not exceed $20,000,000, and it
would be a hundred times better for the coun-
try to make this payment in money, and thus
leave the public domain to the laboring masses.
The veil thrown over this hideous speculation
is too thin to cheat the soldiers or citizens of
the country. It should be stopped where it is.
If further bounty is to be paid, let it be hon-
estly paid in money, and thus close the door
against further speculations in what is designed
for, and should be reserved as, the homes of
the industrious mtilions.
This is from tho pen of Judge Edmonds,
late Commissioner of the General Land Office,
and one of the truest and most sagacious of
our public men ; and itappears in the columns
of a well conducted and influential journal,
which I understand to be one of the principal
organs of the loyal soldiers and sailors of the
United States. He adds, that " the soldiers
have asked for no such measure, nor do they
want to be made the objects of any such ficti-
tious gratitude," and declares that " the obli-
gations of the country to them would be nearly
canceled should they knowingly and purposely
allow so monstrous a scheme of monopoly
against the laboring men of the country to be
perpetrated in their name."
But while the bill would thus prove a vio-
lated promise to the soldier, its effect upon the
public domain would be still more deplorable.
On this point I take leave to quote again from
the same report;
"A11 tho evils of land speculation, to an extent as
alarming as it would be unprecedented, would be the
sure result. Capital, always sensitive and sagacious,
would grasp these warrants at the lowest rates. Laud
monopoly in the United States, under this national
sanction, would have its new birth, and enter upon a
careerof wide-spread mischief and desolation. Spec-
ulators would seize and appropriate nearly all the
choico lands of the Government, and those nearest
tho settled portions of the country, while homestead
claimants and preemptors would be driven to the
outskirts of civilisation, meeting all tho increased
expense and danger of securing homes for their fam-
ilies, and surrendering the local advantages of
schools, churches, mills, wagon-roads, and whatever
else pertains to the necessities and enjoyments of a
well-settled neighborhood. This policy would sto>p
the advancing column of immigration from Europe,
and of emigration from the States, which bas done
so much to make the public domain a source of pro-
ductive.weal til, a subject of revenue, and a home for
the landless thousands who have thus at onees be-
come useful citizens and an element of national
strength. It would, in fact, amount to a virtual
overthrow of tho beneficent policy of the homestead
law, which has, perhaps, done more to make the
American name honored and loved amongthe Chris-
tian nations of the earth than any sinirle enactment
since the formation of the Government."
Mr. Chairman, I submit that the facts em-
bodied in this brief summary ought to settle
this question in the minds of all men who will
lay aside passion and allow themselves for a
single moment to think. With me they are
absolutely conclusive. I claim to be as true
a friend of the soldier as any man in this Con-
gress or out of it; but I am likewise the friend
of the millions who toil, whether soldiers or
civilians, and cannot, therefore, unite with
any man or set of men, for any purpose in
opposing the homestead law, either by open
assault or the insidious policy of indirection.
I am quite as unwilling to aid in its overthrow
now, on the pretense of giving bounties to-
soldiers, as 1 was five years ago on the specious
ground of paying our national debt. Its policy
is constantly invaded by stupendous grants to
railroad corporations, by corrupt Indian treat-
ies which sweep away the rights of settlers and
curse vast districts of country, and by the
growing spirit of monopoly, sho-wn in multi-
plied forms and threatening tbe very princi-
ple of democratic equality ire the liepublie.
Sir, the duty to which we are summoned is
not that of submission or acquiescence but of
unflinching resistance to these unchristian and
anti-republican tendencies of our time. No
ephemeral advantages, if th-ey were attainable
by an opposite course, eouW atone for the
enduring mischiefs to the country which would
certainly ensue.
Mr. Chairman, if any further argument ad-
dressed to this House is needed I find it at
hand. This body, in March last, passed with-
out a division the following resolution;
"He-wlved. That in order to carry into full and
complete effect the spirit and policy Of the preemp-
tion and homestead laws of tho United States the
further sale of the agricultural public lands ought to
be prohibited by law; and that all proposed grants
of land to aid in tho construction of railroads, or for
other special objecti, should be carefully scrutinized and
ngidl!/ subordinated to the paramount purpose of se-
curing homes for the landless poor, the actual settlement
and tillage, of the public domain, and the consequent
increase of the national wealth."
Sir, I am quite sure the sentiment of this
resolution would be most heartily indorsed by
the great body of the people of the United
States. Let us stand by it in the face of all
temptations. It utters the true watchword and
rallying cry of the people of all parties, and
its gospel must be preached and practiced if
our great national patrimony is to be saved
from the greed of monopolists and the rapacity
of thieves. I do not believe this House will
now go back on the record it lias made. Indeed,
some of the friends of this bounty bill assure
me that they desire its passage because they
believe Congress will soon carry into effect the
resolution I have quoted by providing that no
more of our public lands shall be sold except
under the preemption and homestead laws, the
effect of which, they say, would be to bring
the.se certificates of indebtedness nearly to par.
I sincerely hope Congress will be wise enough
to do what is predicted. I even hope for it at
this session ; but I deny that any such effect on
the price of certificates would result. Such a
measure could not interfere with the holders
of college scrip, nor land warrants, nor Indian
scrip, through which land could still be bought
without the condition of oecupaucy and im-
provement ; nor could it undo those huge land
monopolies already existing under,our In-
dian-treaty policy and swamp-land legislation,
