1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and there was no port of the Union more cele-
brated in that particular than the port of Bal-
timore. Her clippers were the wonder of the
seas. Now they are gone. What was true of
Baltimore then was true soon afterward of
New England and the North. I believe we
were the first (if it can be called an invention)
of the inventors of these fast sailing ships, or
schooners, or clippers; but the enterprise and
skill of New England were soon found equal,
if not more than a match for the skill of Mary-
land ; and the result was that in all our pas-
senger vessels and in all our freight vessels,
we were the superiors of the passenger and
freight vessels of the rest of the world; and
who can tell how much that added to the
wealth of the United States?
But that is not all. Who can tell how far
it contributed to preserve our peace with the
rest of the nations? Who can tell how deeply
it entered into the consideration of the states-
men of England and told them "beware of
entering into a quarrel, if it is possible to avoid
it, for if you do your commerce will be swept
from the ocean by the American commercial
mariue, acting under the authority of the Gov-
ernment."
But that is not all. Our ships of war, the few
that we now have, are, it has been said, and I
believe correctly said, the finest upon the sea,
subject, perhaps, to no exception, but in gen-
eral the finest that sail the ocean. But, now,
except so far as the Government by its im-
mense wealth is able to attain skill in this par-
ticular industry, the art is lost. Go to the
State of Maine, and turn your eyes back some
years and then you will see that she built
fully one half our commercial marine. Now
her yards are deserted ; her builders have be-
come impoverished; her workmen have been
obliged to go elsewhere and seek other employ-
ment ; and if she has not already lost the_ skill
which gave her marine the excellence which it
richly deserved, unless we do something to
encourage her it will be finally lost, and for-
ever. The result has not only been to lessen
us in the estimation of the world as a commer-
cial nation as far as our navigation is concerned,
but we are losing all the trade in which our
own marine was engaged. The coasting trade
and the ocean trade are now being carried on
almost exclusively under foreign flags.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire of the Sena-
tor what part of the coasting trade is carried
on under foreign flags ?
Mr. JOHNSON. A great deal of it from
port to port. But suppose the coasting trade
is not now affected, the coasting trade must be
afl'ected unless you encourage the building of
vessels. How is the trade to be carried on if
we cannot build ships? It may be carried on
by ships built for us abroad and brought into
the United States as American ships; but, as far
as the trade is to be carried on in the future,
unless we encourage the art of ship-building it
will be carried on in ships built elsewhere.
Now, speaking for one, Mr. President, I can-
not help believing that my feelings do not lead
me astray. I have for years felt regret, deep
sorrow, deep pain, at the fact that we were
about to leave the ocean, the scene of so many
of our nobie exploits, the scene upon which
we won such imperishable renown in the past,
to the hands exclusively of other nations who
may become enemies. Let us engage in a
war—heaven forbid that it may ever happen,
but happen, no doubt, it will—let us engage in
a war with no ships of our own, with no com-
mercial marine except such as we may buy,
and then what becomes of our commerce and
what becomes of our name? A name, Mr.
President, to a nation is worth five thousand
times the amount of the tax which you are
asked to surrender for the ship-building of the
United States; a name upon the ocean; one
that will not only be respected but feared; I
do not mean feared in the spirit of cowardjce,
but feared because of its power, thus furnish-
in^ to us, and to those who are to succeed us,
a security infinitely greater than any that treat-
ties can afford, that we shall never be insulted
designedly by any of the nations of the world.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know that I
should dissent from any of the material views
just expressed by the honorable Senator from
Maryland upon the general subject of en-
couraging industry, and the construction of a
navy, and acquiring a great name and fame as
a naval power and a navigating power on the
face of the globe. In all that I concur with
him, and shall be ready to cooperate with him
or others when a proper occasion shall present
itself. But at present it seems to me that the
amendment offered by the honorable Senator
from Maine is not germane to the subject
which we have under consideration. It is
quite clear that the very amendment he has
offered opens widely the door to a discussion
of the tariff, and of the general ideas that pre-
vail upon that subject. I do not think that
this is a proper time for such a discussion. I
hope, therefore, earnestly, and with great re-
spect to the honorable Senator from Maine,
that he will not see fit to press this amendment
further upon the consideration of the Senate.
What does he propose to do in his amend-
ment ? Simply to repeal the import duty upon
all those articles mentioned in his amendment
which enter into the construction of sailing
vessels; that is to say, to admit free of duty,
practically free—for it is free if it is subject
to a drawback of the same amount, as he pro-
poses—to admit free of duty all iron and all
copper and all other materials that enter into
the construction of a sailing ship. Sir, I never
can consent to this, representing, as I do_, a
constituency two of whoso leading industries
are the manufacture of iron and copper. It
is now proposed, for instance, in reference to
the latter article, to take off the duty entirely
from that material, which enters so largely into
the construction of ships. Why, sir, under the
present state of our tariff laws and under the
present state of our internal revenue laws, the
companies engaged in mining and in the manu-
facture of copper in my State are scarcely able
to stand upon their legs.^ The^most important
companies engaged in this business for the last
one or two years, as I am credibly informed,
have prosecuted their business at an actual
loss month after month and year after year.
Now, the honorable Senator from Maine pro-
poses to do them a still further injury by taking
off the little protection which they enjoy in
reference to copper, so far as it enters into the
construction of vessels. The same is true of
iron.
When this question shall fairly come up be-
fore the Senate I have much more to say than
I shall say now; but I do hope that the Senate
will see fit to narrow down this discussion to
the real merits of the bill which has been laid
before us by the Committee on Finance; that
is to say, the internal revenue taxes; and let
all the rest of it pass by for future considera-
tion, because I know that this discussion, if
he presses his amendment, must lead to a very
considerable consumption of time, and, I think,
to the disappointment of the country at the
present juncture.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to_ say a word
in reply to the Senator from Michigan, and to
point out his extreme generosity. _ He objects
to this proposition because it will remit the
duty upon this quantity of iron and copper used
in ship-building, comparatively very small in
amount compared with the whole that is used.
I suppose or expect that I shall vote for this
bill. What effect has it? It relieves iron and
copper of an onerous tax. Are those indus-
tries any worse off than that of which I have
spoken? Not at all. What further docs it
do? And I wish the Senator would answer
me if he can. When we passed the tarxflF bill
we graduated the duties upon imported iron
and copperupon the tax that we imposed upon
the domestic manufacture of iron and copper.
The tariff bill is higher at this day for the very
raising of those taxes. What is the effect of
this bill? The effect of this bill is to relieve
iron of all the taxes imposed by way of in-
ternal tax and leave the heavy duties on im-
portations unchanged, thus having the double
benefit.
And now, when all I suggest is that, so far
as this great industry is concerned which suffers
vastly more than any of those, you will relieve
it so far from its burdens, the Senator objects
that it will affect to that extent, no more, the
manufacture of iron. Sir, I merely call atten-
tion to it to show the point to which the dis-
position to grasp all and to give nothing may
carry a man even as liberal as my friend from
Michigan.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to call attention
to the effect of the passage of the amendment
of my friend from Missouri upon the revenue
of the country. I have said all I desire to say
in regard to the duties on sailing vessels. But
suppose all the duties on the articles that enter
into a steamboat on the western waters or on
the lakes should be refunded, what would be
the effect ? Every foot of timber, every pound
of copper, every pound of iron, every foot pf
canvas for the sails, every foot of rope, every-
thing that enters into the vessel, will be brought
from foreign countries.
In Detroit they will bring copper from Wales
instead of taking copper from Lake Superior;
and they will bring all their lumber to build a
vessel in Detroit from Canada. If the propo-
sition of the Senator from Maine is passed with
the proposition of the Senator from Missouri,
then the State of Maine, being on the sea-board,
has this advantage; and the city of Detroit,
where they build a great many vessels, has not
the advantage. The result would be that they
would build the vessels in the State of Maine
for the commerce of the lakes, because in the
State of Maine they can build upon the prices
that prevail in England, France, and Wales;
they can import all the articles which enter
into the manufacture of a vessel at Portland,
mafie it there, and ship it to Detroit. But if
you are to adopt this principle why should you
not extend it to steamships and the great ships
that are now built for the California trade,
maintained and protected to some extent by
the Government of the United States? Look
at the effect of it. Every single article that
enters into the manufacture of vessels in all
this broad country from Maine to California,
and all the internal commerce of the country—
and the number is so vast that it would startle
us if we knew the number of vessels afloat—
would be of foreign material, or else the price
of the domestic article, the raw product, would
be so much reduccd as to compete with the
foreign product. What would be the effect
upon your internal industry, upon the manu-
facture of iron, which enters so largely into the
cost of a steamship; upon the manufacture of
the rope and cordage which enter to some
extent into the composition of a sailing vessel?
The result would be more injurious, it seems
me, to our American industry than the repeal
of the present tax would be beneficial.
I think the shipping interests in all this vast
country ought to be content with the benefits
they will receive in common with the whole
people of the United States by the repeal ot
the internal taxes, leaving to future legislation
in some other form, to extend those advantages
which we ought to give to our shipping interest.
As a matter of course our vessels now have a
monopoly of all the interior trade and the
coasting trade, and there is no danger but that
there will be Baltimore clippers. That which
is most injurious to the interests of Maine now
is the competition of steam vessels with sailing
vessels. That is what has paralyzed the indus-
try of ship-building. And now on the western
lakes the propeller with its screw is taking the
place of the old sailing vessel, and nearly all
the great vessels that now cross the ocean are
screw steamers. A great many, no doubt, are
sailing vessels; but comparatively their num-
ber is diminishing, while the steam vessels are
increasing. As inventions are made in engines,
as the power of coal is husbanded, as the
