1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2949
it is sheer willfullness on his part to allow it to
be sold for one quarter its value.
Mr. MILLER. The gentleman does not
understand my question. Suppose the tax
assessed is treble what is actually due, and
then in order to enforce the payment of it the
property is sold.
Mr. JENCKES. I do understand the gen-
tleman. If the- assessment is wrongful the
party has his perfect remedy at law. He can
pay the tax without prejudice, under protest,
and sue the collector. I believe that this idea
of enjoining the collection of a tax by courts
of equity is now restricted to the courts of but
three States. It has been hunted out of the
courts of the United States, although it was
attempted to be established there when these
tax laws were first passed. That is the plain
proposition. There is no reason forgiving the
court of equity power to enjoin when the court
of law has full power to give a complete rem-
edy. Unless the State can collect its revenues
it must cease to exist. It must afford, and
ought to afford, a complete remedy to its citi-
zens who may be oppressed by its taxation.
It does so by this law, it does so by all our tax
laws, opening the courts of law to the aggrieved
citizen for his remedy. That is all he is enti-
tled to.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, my friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Miller] will see that
his proposition would leave the courts of the
State with the jurisdiction, whereas it should
be in the Federal courts if the power is con-
ferred at all. I move to amend by inserting
the words " except in the circuit court of the
United States for the proper district."
Mr. MILLER. These suits are all brought
in the districtcourt, andnotin the circuit court.
Mr. HOLMAN. The district court has no
jurisdiction at all. Under no circumstances
could it have it. If the Federal court has juris-
diction it is the circuit court.
Mr. MILLER. I beg pardon.
Mr. HOLMAN. We have conferred certain
jurisdiction upon the district court so far as
penalties are concerned. Admiralty cases are
the only ones in which we have conferred chan-
cery jurisdiction upon the district court.
Mr. MILLER. Does the gentleman say that
no subject can be entertained by the district
court ?
Mr. HOLMAN. No, sir; Congress can
confer that power, but it would not be in har-
mony with the Federal system.
Now, one word with reference to the views
expressed by the gentleman from Rhode Island.
He is in the habit of discussing questions very
fairly. He says that the citizen has ample
security in the fact that if the assessor or col-
lector levies the tax contrary to law, he can
sue them. How?
Mr. JENCKES. Against the collector.
Mr. HOLMAN. Upon his bond ?
Mr. JENCKES. Why certainly.
Mr. HOLMAN. Not at all. The bond is
not payable to him. lie has no right to sue
in the name of the United States. All the
remedy he has is the simple right of action
of assumpsit, or whatever else it may be, or
of trespass against the man who committed
the trespass, is it possible that a great Gov-
ernment proposes to so cripple the rights of
the citizen as that he shall have but two rem-
edies for manifest wrong, the one in suing an
individual who may be perfectly worthless,
against whom a judgment would be valueless,
and the other by being compelled to go from
the extremest part of the United States to the
Federal capital, and there follow up that end-
iess circumlocution which has been a drawback
to the settlement of claims against all Govern-
ments in all ages, and as much in our country
as in any other, that endless, hopeless, aim-
less, pointless circumlocution that has ever
attended the administration, especially of an
office like the Revenue Bureau or any depart-
ment connected with the public revenue.
These are the only remedies the citizen is to
have for injustice, instead of leaving to the
Federal courts the power to grant injunctions
upon sworn complaint, with ample bonds
given. In the one case nothing is lost; the
Government cannot lose a cent; there is a
bond not only for the tax, but for the penal-
ties. In the other case there is only the rem-
edy against the collector in the State courts or
the endless and hopeless remedy for the citizen
before the Revenue Commissioner. I talked
with one of the most intelligent young gentle-
men in my district, who has been here for some
time in connection with claims before the rev-
enue department, upon this subject, and he
assures me that there is not a single claim that
has been filed in that department within the last
eighteen months that has been up to this time
adjusted, and that if a claim for taxes im-
properly collected is adjusted within a period
of eighteen or twenty months it is done with
more than usual promptness.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to say one word
with reference to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Indiana. It seems to me that the
whole argument is in a nutshell. The gentle-
man from Indiana must know perfectly well
that if it was competent for any person assessed
with tax to restrain by process of injunction
the collection of that tax the effect would be
to prevent the collection of any taxes, and not
only so, but the effect would be so to lumber
up the business of the circuit courts and district
courts that it would be impossible for any busi-
ness to be done in them.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does not the gentleman
know that from the month of June, 1802, to
March, 1807, this proceeding by injunction was
allowable in the Federal courts? And did any
injury result to the country or to the finances?
Mr. ALLISON. I do know perfectly well
that for a portion of the time this remedy was
allowed and that it was exercised in many
instances, and that it was exercised until it
became difficult in many districts to collect any
taxes.
Now, this is the remedy that exists to-day
with reference to the collection of customs.
Why is it that the gentleman has not opposed it
before when it has been on the statute-book
for years with reference to the collection of
customs at ports of entry? Why,sir, the only
remedy that a man has who has been improp-
erly assessed under the tariff law is by a suit
against the collector of the port; he is com-
pelled to pay the tax and penalties if need be
under protest, and then commence a suit
against the collector for the recovery back of
the money. Has any difficulty arisen in your
ports of entry from your customs laws? And
why should we have any different law in refer-
ence to our internal revenue? There is no
reason. It is true that for a portion of the
time when this revenue law was in force pro-
ceedings were allowed by injunctions, but they
became so numerous and the courts were so
lumbered up that the collection of the taxes
was materially interfered with, and therefore
the provision which is in this bill and which is
now the law of the land was passed. I know
of no serious injury which has resulted to any
person by reason of the existing law.
' And I am surprised that the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] should propose to in-
terfere with the collection of the taxes—as he
does by his amendment, the effect of which
will be to interfere most seriously with the col-
lection of taxes. I now yield to the gentleman
from Rhode Island, [Mr. Jenckes.]
Mr. JENCKES. The point of the argument
of the gentleman from Indiana is, that a per-
son aggrieved has no remedy except against
the collector; that he lias none against the
sureties. If there is none provided by this
bill there should be one, as in the case of the
customs revenue. I presume there is, that the
bonds of the collector inure not only to the
benefit of the United States but to the benefit
of the claimants against the United States.
The ground taken by the gentleman from
Indiana is governed by the present law. This
bill recognizes the existing law, both in regard
to the collection of internal revenue and in
regard to the collection of customs. One
thing I hope is remedied by this bill; and that :
is, that suits may be brought against collectors
in the courts of the United States. And then
the officers of the UnitedStates and the courts
of the United States can see that justice is
done to all citizens who complain that they
are aggrieved by the provisions of the law and
the acts of the officers under it.
I do not understand, as the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Allison] seems to do, that th'e
courts were burdened with these suits. Some
courts, to my knowledge, refused to take cog-
nizance and jurisdiction of these suits. Some
courts did take cognizance of them, hence
the difference in the operation of the law.
That difference existed in the courts of the
States and in the courts of the United States, '
to a certain extent. A provision like this is a
wholesome one.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken upon theamend-
ment of Mr. Holmax to the amendment of
Mr. Milleu, and it was not agreed to.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Miller, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the last
sentence of this section by inserting after the
words "no suit," the words " except in the
circuit court of the United States for the proper
district."
Mr. JENCKES. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
state his point of order.
Mr. JENCKES. My point is that this amend-
ment is the same that has just been voted down.
Mr. HOLMAN. Very well; then I will
change the amendment, and move to add to
the last sentence of the section the words
" except in the circuit courts of the United
States for the proper district."
Mr. JENCKES. I rise to a point of order,
that this is substantially the same amendment
just voted down.
Mr. HOLMAN. I submit to the gentleman
from Rhode Island that in my absence, with
but few members present, the amendment 1
had submitted was rejected.
Mr. JENCKES. That is a question between
the gentleman and the Chairman.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I desire to be heard upon *
the point of order. This amendment is in dif-
ferent language from the one I offered before.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will rule
that the amendment is in order. The gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Holman] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. Unless there is an entire
misapprehension of the law bearing upon this
question, then I hold you cannot maintain
suits against collectors in the courts; unless
there is an absolute provision of statute law it
cannot be done. The reason is manifest: the
collector has his precept, he has his execution
in his hand, and for any act done by him under
that precept that is a sufficient answer.
Mr. JENCKES. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly.
Mr. JENCKES. Cannot any person against
whom the collector has a warrant for the col-
lection of taxes object to the propriety of the
tax and pay it under protest?
Mr. HOLMAN. Does not the gentleman
know that payment under protest receives a
different mode of construction in almost every
State of the Union?
Mr. JENCKES. Not in the courts of the
United States; they have, a uniform rule of
construction. The collector has the right to
remove the case to the circuit court.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hold, in the first place,
that an action cannot be maintained against a
collector unless the right of action is expressly
given by the statute law ; it does not exist by
virtue of the common law of the land.
Again, Mr. Chairman, a provision requiring
every citizen who seeks a remedy like this
