1926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
motive power is increased by new inventions,
steam vessels will gradually supersede the
sailing vessels; and then, as a matter of course,
this industry will languish and die out, just as
the old wagon trade of Pennsylvania languished
and died out by the building of canals and
steamboats, and finally stage coaches and rail-
roads. They will get some other industry.
The enterprising people of Maine, who are as
active as any in the United States, will seek
other avenues of industry,'other sources of
wealth, and adapt themselves to the progres-
sive events of the times.
I cannot see the necessity or propriety of
this bounty, for I do think that is the proper
name for this, although my friend from Maine
thinks not. It is a bounty, money taken from
the Treasury of the United States, collected
tliere by our revenue laws, and paid over, not
to the man who pays money to the Treasury,
but paid to a different class of men—not re-
funded back, like other drawbacks, to the man
who paid the money. For instance, when
goods are brought into this country and re-
exported, we pay back to the man who paid in
the money the duties collected; but here the
money is collected at New York, the duty on
cordage and the like, and it is taken out of the
Treasury and paid to a ship-builder in Maine.
Mr. FEStjENDEN. 1 submit, to my honor-
able friend whether that is a, fair argument.
Who pays the money ? Is it not the consumer?
The merchant imports the article, and he pays
the duty in the first instance. When he sells
the article to somebody else, does not the per-
son to whom he sells it pay him back that
money? Why does my friend use an argu-
ment which he himself would contradict in
another aspect of the case?
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, it seems
to me after all this is a new principle, and the
Senator from Maine is not able to show that
this principle was ever before adopted. We
agreed to do it a year ago as an exception;
but heretofore the idea of a drawback has been
this: where a man imports merchandise into
this country and wants to reexport it, we give
him the drawback ; where a man manufac-
tures goods in Ohio, whisky, for instance,
unless he ships it in bond, when lie sends it
to a foreign country we pay him back the tax
he paid. But here is quite a different case.
These articles are imported into the port of
New York; the cordage for the vessel, the
ropes for the vessel, the materials for the ves-
sel, the lumber for the vessel; the duties are
paid at the custom-house there. If that mate-
rial goes into the building of a house in Port-
land the duty is not refunded; but if it goes
into a vessel built in Portland the duty is
refunded to a different person ; not to the man
who paid the duty, but to a different person.
I call it a bounty, although the Senator takes
offense at that word. i think that is the
meaning of it. It is a bounty, a gratuity, an
inducement, if you please to call it so, to the
ship-builder, to build in this country. If con-
fined alone to sailing vessels, as proposed by
the Senator from Maine, it might give tem-
porary relief to a particular industry, but it
would be a discrimination against another
industry competing with the sailing vessel and
in favor of an industry that is gradually dying
out and must eventually die out, because i
have 110 doubt that in time steam vessels will
supersede sailing vessels just as one form of
locomotion supersedes another; not because
the sailing vessels are any poorer, for they are
improving all the time, but because the steam
vessels in the long run are the cheapest on
account of the saving of time.
I think the Senator from Maine ought to be
willing to allow this question to await some fu-
ture time when it will be more proper, when it
will be more pertinent. It is a proposition to
pay money out of the Treasury. Here is a bill
of relief repealing taxes. This proposition is
a mode of taking taxes from the Treasury and
expending them. The one increases the ex-
penditures, the other limits the receipts. It
seems to me the Senator ought to be satisfied j
to take some other time, and let us pass this i
bill if possible to-night. If not, I hope we '
shall have a vote on the amendment.
Mr. CAMERON. I have risen to say a
word only to the Senator from Ohio in reply to
what he said about steam vessels and sailing
vessels. He said the time would soon come
when sailing vessels would be no more seen.
I think that was the expression, or something
like it; in other words, that the steam vessels
would take the whole business of the country.
I entirely disagree with him upon that point.
Within my congressional service steam was first
introduced into this country, and I remember
when I offered the first petition in favor of
steam vessels I was laughed at in the good old
Senate of that day. I think the sailing vessel
is going to continue for all time. The sailing
vessel will have the place in relation to steam-
ers that the canal has now in relation to rail-
roads. Those articles which are expected to
go quickly and swiftly will go at ahigli expense
by steam vessels; but those that have more
time to spare, longer journeys to make, more
distant ports to enter, will go by the sailing
vessel. That will continue long after the Sen-
ator from Ohio ceases to bo a Senator, and
ceases to be upon tins sphere. Long after that
sailing vessels will go, and I think lor all time
to come there will be a competition as to time
and swiftness between the steam and the sail-
ing vessel.
Mr. CONNESS. Like the smooth bore.
Mr. CAMERON. The smooth bore is good
yet for filling squirrels. [Laughter.] To my
mind this is a question of mutual interest. All
my life I have been in favor of protecting the
industry of my country, i was taught to be-
lieve when i started life that, there were three
grent interests, and those were agriculture,
commerce, and manufactures. As you in-
crease and stimulate the agricultural products,
and as you increase the manufacturing indus-
tries, you increase the number of ships, and
give them supplies to carry abroad into distant
parts of the world.
I listened with great attention to the Sen-
ator from Maryland a little while ago when he
spoke about those vessels of which we were so
proud many years ago—the Baltimore clip-
pers. 1 suppose he has forgotten what gave
rise to those clippers. At that time Baltimore
was the most growing town in this country.
From 1790 to 1810 the growth of Baltimore
was greater than that of any town which has
ever started in this country since, not except-
ing Chicago, because it was the nearest be-
tween the ocean and the great West. First,
pack horses brought the products of the West
to Baltimore and carried the importations
of her merchants to the West, and gave riches
and wealt.li and consequence to the people
of Baltimore. They grew in consequence of
that. After a while De Witt Clinton and other
master spirits designed the canal between the
Hudson and the lakes and brought over that
canal the trade of the West, and then New York
began to grow. I remember when I read in a
book: "New York is a great town, which has
twenty thousand people." But then New York
was away from the West, and the West was
the prospering part of the Union.
So it is now. Our sea-board must carry
our commerce, the products of our manufac-
tures and our soil to distant countries. As I
said a little while ago, petroleum, four or five
or six years ago, saved the country, as 1 be-
lieve, from bankruptcy by being the only arti-
cle we had to send abroad. It was carried by
our ships cheaply, and brought back the gold.
So itis with the wheatand the other agricultural
products of the middle and the western States.
Commerce depends upon agriculture and com-
merce depends upon manufactures ; and the
ability to pay taxes depends upon the com-
merce of the country. Therefore 1 would pro-
tect them all equally and all fully.
This amendment of the Senator from Maine
is, to my mind, perfectly right. It gives a
drawback upon that portion of copper and
iron which may be used in ship-building. I
do not believe that will be much; but I want
to relieve the commercial people of the East
from the impression that they are paying a tax
to Pennsylvania and other States which pro-
duce iron. We do not want to interfere with
their prosperity, and we expect them to help
ours. I believe that is all I have to say
about it.
Mr. DRAKE. I would like to ask the
Senator from Pennsylvania a question just
there, if he can give me the information ; if
he cannot, perhaps the honorable Senator
from Maine can. I would like to know what
the probability is that ship-building will be re-
vived in the State of Maine, or anywhere else
in the country, if you allow this drawback
upon the iron and copper that go into ships?
Mr. CAMERON. That is a question which
I would have expected from a person less in-
telligent than the Senator from Missouri. I
know that he knows almost everything that I
know, and a great many things beside; and
I am, therefore, surprised that he should ask
me the question; but 1 will say this: as you
cheapen the cost of vessels you increase the
ability to carry freights cheap.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 thought I might appeal to
the Senator from Pennsylvania for information
on this subject above all other Senators here ;
for when the Senator from Pennsylvania could
assume that he was old enough to recollect
what the Senator from Maryland had forgotten,
I supposed he was old enough to know every-
thing. [Laughter.]
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 17, 18G8. '
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
WTITSKY FRAUDS.
Mr. JENCKES. I ask consent to have read
and placed on the Journal a resolution adupLed
this morning by the joint select Committee on
Retrenchment:
Jtcnoloed, That the joint select Committee on Re-
trenchment have seen, with surprise, a document
purpoitingto be a report from that committee on
the subject ol' frauds upon the revenue hy distillers
of whisky and others engaged in the manufacture
and sale of whisky, made by one of the membeis of
that committee to the House of Representatives on
the 112th instant; :tnd they lierebv mstiuet the chair-
man of the committee. Mr. Edmi'SDS. of the .Senate,
and Mr. Jr.xcivES, of the House of Representatives,
to state in their several Houses th.it said document
is not the report of said joint committee nor of any
sub-committee thereof; that the subject ot the in-
vestigation of frauds in whisky was not referred to
said committee by the resolution under whieh they
were appointed, and has not since been referred to
tliem by any resolution of either House; that under
their general powers they have not authorized any
sub-coinmittce nor any one of their number to make
such investigations; that the subjects embraced in
said so-called report have never been submitted to
the committee or any sub-committee thereof for con-
sideiation, and that said document, in manner and
matter, substance and conclusions, is the unanrhor-
lzed work and act of an individual member of said
committee, without the consent, knowledge, or ap-
proval of any other member theieof.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, By whom is that
signed
The SPEAKER. It is presented by the joint
Committee on Retrenchment.
Mr. LOGAN. Who was the gentleman re-
ferred to who made the report?
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman fromlJew
York, [Mr. Vax Wyck.]
Mr. WOOD. I wish to make an inquiry of
the Cliair. On motion of my colleague [Mr.
Tax Wyck] five thousand extra copies of this
document were ordered to be printed. Would
it not be in order to rescind that resolution?
The SPEAKER. That resolution was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing, and is not
