3974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
one regiment. There are also six regiments of
colored troops, four infantry and two cavalry,
the enlisted men being colored soldiers. We do
not propose to disturb the present proportions
o! the Army in that regard. We propose there
shall be three colored regiments of infantry
and one regiment of colored cavalry. _ I now
yield to my colleague on the committee to
oC'er an amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I wish to
move an amendment that all the regiments of
tli') Veteran Reserve corps shall be retained.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will re-
duce his amendment to writing.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have an amendment
here which, I think, will meet with the gentle-
man's acceptance. It is to insert in this sec-
tion at the end of the second line, "four of
which shallbe regiments ofthe Veteran Reserve
corps, and four regiments of colored troops."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I accept
that. It is an amendment which should be
adopted. Every officer in that corps has been
wounded or disabled in the service of the coun-
try. If any individuals have any claim on the
Army it is these wounded and disabled officers.
They are in the Army and they should not be
mustered out. If any one is turned out or
diopped from the Army it should not be those
v. ho have been wounded and disabled in the ser-
vice. If any are to be turned out rather let it
bo the robust and able-bodied who can take
care of themselves, and not the wounded olli-
ci t'S and soldiers who have fought and suffered
for the country. It' they are turned out they
will become pensioners. If they wore not in
the Army they would be drawing pensions, and
wo are saving money by keeping them there.
MESSAGE FROM TUB SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Goriiaai,
it i Secretary, announced that that body had
disagreed to the amendments of theSenate to
sundry bills concerning pensions, asked a con-
fi .-ence on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, and had ordered that Messrs. Van
V inkle, Tkumble, and Edmunds, be the con-
fi rees on the part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes ofthe two Houses
on the bill (H. K. No. G05) making appropri-
ations for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June ISO, 18b9.
Also, that the Senate had passed without
amendment the following bills and ajoint res-
olution of the House :
A bill (II. 11. No. 1119) for the registration
and enioluientof certain foreign vessels;
A bill (H. R. No. 201) declaratory of the
law m regard to officers cashiered from the
Army by sentence of a general court-martial;
A bill (H. R. No. 1080) for the relief of
Edward B. Allen : and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 281) author-
izing the issue of clothing to company F, eight-
eenth regiment United States infantry.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles,
in which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested :
A bill (S. No. 5G7) relative to the Freed-
men's Bureau, and providing for its discon-
tinuance; and
A bill (S. No. 1G) devoting a portion of the
Fort Leavenworth reservation for the exclusive
use of a public road.
CONTRACTS POR COAL.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a let-
ter from the Secretary of the Navy, transmit-
ting, incompliance with House resolution ofthe
Hth instant, a communication from the chief of
the Bureau of Equipment and Repairs, rela-
tive to contracts for the purchase of eoal ;
which was referred to the Committee on Re-
trenchment, and ordered to be printed.
'L'RUSTUES Of COLORED SCHOOLS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the trustees of colored
schools of Washington and Georgetown, Dis-
trict of Columbia, remonstrating against the
passage by the House of Representatives of the
bill (H. R. No. GOO) transferring the duties of
trustees of colored schools of Washington and
Georgetown to the trustees of public schools.
On motion of Mr. WELKEll, the communi-
cation was referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
MILITARY PEACH ESTABLISHMENT.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 1:177) to reduce and fix the
military peace establishment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will stale the
condition of the question: the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] moved an amendment
in the nature of a proviso to the section. The
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. WASiiBunjt] pro-
poses to amend the original text. That will be
reserved till after the former is considered, as
it is not an amendment to an amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I withdraw my amend-
ment till the other is voted upon. 1 now yield
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Boutwell.]
ELECTORAL COLLEGE.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I report back from the
Committee on Reconstruction the joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 139) excluding from the Electoral
College votes of States lately in rebellion which
shall not have been reorganized, with amend-
ments. •
The SPEAKER. The consideration of this
resolution at this time requires unanimous con-
sent. Is there objection?
Mr. PHELPS. I object. •
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to postpone the
bill under consideration in regard to the re-
duction of the Army for the purpose of report-
ing the joint resolution.
'The motion was agreed to; and the House
proceeded to the consideiation of the joint
resolution reported by Mr. Boutwell.
The joint resolution was read as follows:
licit resolvrd by the Senate find Howie of Represent-
atives, &e„ That none of ! hn States whose inhabit-
ants were lately in rebellion, anil which States are
not now represented m Congress, shall be entitled to
leprcsentation in thcl'llcctoral College.lor thechoiee
of "President or Vice President of the United States,
nor shall any electoral vote be leceived or counted
from any of such States unless at the time prescribed
by law for the choice ot elector4* the people ot such
States, pursuant to the acts of Congress in that be-
half, shall have, since the 4th day of March, 1867,
adopted a constitution of State government under
which aStnte governraentshaU havebeen organized
and shall be in operation, and unless such election
ot electors shall have been held under the authority
of aueh constitution and government, and such States
shall have also become entitled to representation in
Congress, pursuant to the acts of Congress in that
behalf.
Mr. BOUTWELL. _ The Committee on
Reconstruction have directed me to move the
following amendments:
Stiike out the words "and whioh States are not
now represented in Congress."
Strike out the word "and " after the word " opera-
tion."' and insert the word "nor."
Add the following proviso:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall bo
construed to apply to any State which was repre-
sented in Congress on the 4th of March, 1867.
So that the joint resolution, as amended,
will read as follows :
That none of the States whose inhabitants were
lately in rebellion shall be entitled to representation
in the Electoral College for the choice of President
or Vice President ofthe United States, nor shall any
electoral vote be received or eountcd from any of
such States, unless at the time prescribed by law for
the choice of electors the people of such States, pur-
suant to the acts of Congress in that behalf, shall
have, since the 4th day of March, 1867, adopted a
constitution of State government, under which a
State government shall have been organized and
shall be m operation, nor unless such election of
electors shall have been held under the authority of
such constitution and government; and such States
shall have also become entitled to representation in
Congress, puisuant to the acts of Congress in that
behalf.
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be
construed to apply to any State which was lepre-
sented m Congress on the 4th of March, 1867.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, the purpose
of this resolution is so apparent from the read-
ing that f piesume the House will be prepared
to vote upon it without any explanation. The
object is, of course, to provide that all those
States which may be admitted previous to
November next, shall be entitled to vote for
electors of President and Vice President; and
that the States, if any, which_ shall not then
have been restored to the Union shall be ex-
cluded from participation in the presidential
election. The text of the resolution would
exclude Tennessee, inasmuch as she was full*
restored to the Union previous to the passage
of the original act concerning reconstruction.
The sole object of the proviso reported by tho
Committee on Reconstruction is to relieve Ten-
nessee from the terms ot the resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts inform the House by what author-
ity this House or the Congress can undertake
to exclude any State from the right of represen ta-
tion in the Electoral College? Under what pro-
vision of the Constitution can Congress declare
that a State shall not be represented ? The gen-
tleman seems to think this a very plain matter,
anil one on which, I infer from his remarks,
the House should vote under the operation of
the previous question ; and yet the gentleman
has not undertaken to give us the authority by
which Congress can exclude a State from rep-
resentation in the Electoral College. I would
be glad to hear from him on that point and to
understand upon what he bases the authority
of this Congress to act in that behalf.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I cannot go at great
length into all the circumstances by which these
States, through the influence of the gentle-
man's political friends, lost their representa-
tion in the Congress of the United States ; but
it so happened that they did withdraw seven
or eight years ago and they have not yet been
readmitted to representation here. But I say
to him that I suppose the purpose of the major-
ity here, and, I take it, the purpose of the
country unmistakably is to hold these States
in the grasp of the loyal people of the country
until they are reconstructed under loyal influ-
ences, with loyal majorities, loyal State govern-
ments, and until loyal Representatives and Sen-
ators are elected to Congress, and when all
those things have transpired, then, as I sup-
pose, these States are to participate in the elec-
tion of President and Vice President of the
United States.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
Massachusetts has certainly not answered, if
he has attempted to answer, the question which
I propounded to him. I ask him for the author-
ity by which Congress may exclude States from
their representation in the Electoral College,
and he tells us that by the action of myself and
my friends these States have ceased to be in a
position whereby they have a right to vote or
to act iu this capacity. The gentleman need
not tell this Houee any such thing as that, for
lie knows, and I know and God knows that it
is not so. [Laughter on the Republican side
of the House.] 1 tell the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts that the war was a success against
the rebellion, and these States were saved to
the Union, and he cannot humbug me or this
Congress or the people by declaring that we
have kept them out or that we have taken any
step that has that elfect. I say to the gentle-
man that every State that ever belonged to this
Union is to-day in this Union.
Mr. MULLINS. I advise the gentleman
not to call on God about this question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman will not
interfere with me I trust. We shall be enlight-
ened by his eloquence when the gentleman iiota
Massachusetts yields the floor to him. [Laugh-
ter.]
I say, that if the States are kept out at all,
they are kept out, as the gentleman asseits, by
the grasp of what he terms " loyal" men upon
the throats of the States. I deny that lojal
men hold any States in their grasp except the
States iu which they live. The loyal men of
Massachusetts have no more right to hold the
State of South Carolina by the throat than the
State of South Carolina lias the right to hold
| the State of Massachusetts by the throat, and
1 prevent her from voting in the Electoral Col-
