2950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
restraining the collection of unlawful tax, to
go for that purpose to a remote point, the
capital of his State, will operate very oppress-
ively in most of the States of this Onion,
though not, perhaps, in that represented by the
gentleman from Rhode Island, [Mr. Jekckes;]
and when the citizen is thus compelled to go
to a remote point to obtain his remedy, it may
be assumed that he will not go there exccpt
in a case of great oppression or manifest
wrong. The experience of the gentleman from
Rhode Island, as well as that of every other
gentleman on this floor, will sustain me when
1 say that eighteen months must usually elapse
before a claim for taxes improperly paid can
be adjusted ; and when such a claim is suc-
cessful only the amount of the taxes is paid,
with no interest, no costs, no damages.
We are told that a provision securing to the
citizen the right to go into the Federal court at
the capital of his State file under bond an
application lor an injunction, with his state-
ment of the facts under oath, will operate
oppressively with reference to the Government.
The bill makes every provision in behalf of the
Government while the rights of the citizen in
this regard are entirely overlooked. From 1802
till 1867 the law of the United States recog-
nized this right of the citizen for which I am
now contending; yet I never heard that in
consequence of that recognition the courts
were overrun with business. I certainly knew
but few instances, during all that period, in
which suits were brought to restrain the col-
lection of taxes, and they were extreme cases.
If I were arguing in favor of giving jurisdic-
tion of these cases to the State courts, I could
understand why objection should be made;
but I simply propose that the citizen shall have
this remedy in the Federal courts. If this
Government, in the enforcement of its revenue
system, is to trample out and extinguish every
right of the citizen, then our Constitution ceases
to be of any value, and its pretended guaran-
tees for the protection of the citizen are a
miserable cheat and illusion.
When a citizen believes that tax has been
wrongfully assessed against him, he should,
upon every principle of justice, be allowed,
on giving proper security and filing a sworn
statement before a competent tribunal, to re-
strain the collection of that tax until the case
•can be judicially decided. This method of
proceeding is in every way preferable to com-
pelling the citizen, when he feels himself ag-
grieved by the assessment of taxes, to travel
perhaps thousands of miles to lay his case be-
fore an officer at the seat of Government, sub-
jecting himself to a slow process of adjudica-
tion consuming eighteen months or more, and
finally obtaining the decision of an officer
having no familiarity with the legal principles
which may be involved.
Mr. SCHENCK. This is simply a ques-
tion whether we shall collect taxes or gather a
lot of lawsuits. [Laughter.] I hope the
amendment will be rejected.
The question being taken, the amendment
was declared not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN called for a division.
On a division, there were—ayes 18, noes 41;
no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. Unless the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] withdraws the
call for a division, the Chair must order the
roll to be called, as no quorum has voted.
Mr. HOLMAN. This question is certainly
a very important one; and it is conceded that
for years our tax law contained a provision of
this kind. I trust it will be agreed that the
question shall be passed on in a full House.
Mr. ALLISON. Debate is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is objected to.
Mr. MILLER. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schexck] will agree that on this
question a vote shall be taken in the House.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Mr. WOODWARD. I would like to make
a suggestion to the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Hoi-man.]
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objec-
tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Woodward] will be allowed to proceed.
There was no objection.
Mr. WOODWARD. I propose to reason
with my friend from Indiana on this question,
for he is a most reasonable man. From the
argument which he has made, it seems to me
he has not reflected upon the character of the
law which we are considering. It is a law passed
in virtue of that express grant of the Constitu-
tion to the legislative department of the taxing
power. The Constitution confers on the legis-
lative department of the Government the tax-
ing power, and like all constitutional grants it
is entire—it is the whole taxing power. The
judiciary has nothing to do with taxes as such
at all.
Mr-VAN TRUMP. If an unconstitutional
law were passed would the judiciary have noth-
ing to do with the question?
Mr. WOODWARD. Certainly it would. I
was about to refer to that as an illustration.
That takes in a whole class of cases. Where
the law is unconstitutional, that is, where the
legislative department has gone beyond the
constitutional power to make a tax law, then the
courts may interpose to.protect the citizen.
Mr. VAN TROMP. Suppose the collector
makes a wrong construction of the law, ought
not the judiciary to have jurisdiction of it?
Mr. WOODWARD. This law provides that
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall
be the ultimate authority for the decision of
such questions.
Mr. COBURN. Suppose the act of the
officers who collect the taxes are void, and
clearly void, is there no power of injunction?
Mr. WOODWARD, That is the same ques-
tion over again.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Suppose the acts are
beyond the authority of the law ?
Mr. WOOD WARD. If the acts are beyond
the authority of the law, if ultra vires they are
restrained under general principles. We start
with the assumption that this is the exercise of
a clearly granted constitutional power, to wit,
the power to levy a tax.
Then this law provides a special remedy for
cases of mistaken power. 11' the case occurs
that the gentleman has stated, this law provides
a special remedy. It is a general principle that
wherever a statute provides a special remedy
it displaces all common-law remedies; and in
Pennsylvania we have a statute to that effect,
that wherever the Legislature provides a special
remedy there shall be no resort to the common
law except it is necessary to carry out the
statute. It is an express statute. This is a
priuciple of law which prevails in many States
where they have no statute on the subject.
Here is a case where the Legislature, in the
exercise of clearly constitutional power, pro-
vides a special remedy for all cases which arise
under it; and so providing, all the ordinary
remedies are necessarily displaced. If the law
is beyond the power of the legislative depart-
ment to make them, the courts have juris-
diction.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to ask the gentle-
tleman whether this is an ample and proper rem-
edy for the citizen? After he has paid his
money he must come to the capital of the
nation and prosecute his claim for having the
money refunded, and how long this will take
him the gentleman very well knows; and after
he has done all this, all he gets back is what
he paid without damages and without interest.
Is that a proper remeify?
Mr. WOODWARD. Whether the special
remedies of this statute are proper and com-
petent or not is a fair question.
Mr. VAN TRUMP." That is the very sub-
ject-matter of debate.
Mr. WOODWARD. That is not the sub-
ject-matter. The question here is whether the
courts in virtue ot the general common-law
power shall have power to restrain the collec-
tion of this tax. 1 say that it is the exercise
of judicial power unprecedented and incon-
sistent with the theory and genius of our Gov-
ernment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman from
Ohio let a vote be taken in the House? -
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot consent to that.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 19, noes 61 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the amendment
be reserved to be voted on hereafter.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not object to that.
It was agreed to accordingly.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out " fif-
teen" in the first part of the section and insert
"eighteen."
Mr. ALLISON. The law is now for fifteen
months.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope while the law in
existence has not been recommended by the
Department to be changed in matters of detail
of this kind that the gentleman will not
seriously press this amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. The language of the first
part of this section is, " that the Commissioner
is hereby authorized, on appeal made to him -
within fifteen months from the date of the
assessment thereof, to remit the tax errone-
ously or illegally assessed," &c. Now, sir,
several cases have come to my own knowledge
where it has been found that the timeis really
too brief. That has been the experience of
many who have had occasion to seek the appli-
cation of this law. The addition of the period
of three months is not certainly very import-
ant as regards the Government. This is not a
change of any principle. That it is the statuteof
1S02 is no reason why it should not be changed
now, because it does not affect any principle
at all. In 1862 it was well enough. We did
not understand the matter then. We have
followed up this provision to this time without
seeing the propriety of any change. Inas-
much as it is not a question of great moment,
and an extension of the time can do no wrong
to the Government, I think the committee can
afford, in a case like this where some slight
benefit is sought to be obtained, some slight
security to the victim of unjust taxation, to
allow this amendment. I hope they will not
insist upon retaining the exact language that
they have reported to the House.
Mr. SCHENCIv. We have done nothing
except to look over the law and come to the
conclusion that fifteen months is the best limit
of time. It is a matter of judgment. I hope
the amendment will not be adopted.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 54. And be it further enactcd. That when any
property which has been seized is liable to perish or
become greatly reduced in price or value by keeping,
or when it cannot be kept without grreat expense,
and, in the opinion of the collector and a-ssessor, it is
necessary that the said property shall be sold to pre-
vent such waste or expense, they shall cause*- the
same tobe appraised, and the ownerthereupon shall
have said property returned to him upon giving bond
in such torm as may be prescribed by the Commis-
sioner oflnternal Itevenuc, and in an amount e^ual
to the appraised value thereof, with such sureties as
the said collector and assessor shall deem good and
sufficient, to abide the final order, decree, or judg-
ment of the court having cognizance of the case, and
to pay the amount of said appraised value to the
collector, marshal, or otherwise, as he may ho or-
dered and directed by the court, which bond shall bo
filed with the United States district attorney for the
district in which 'Said proceedings in rem may be
commenced. And in ease said bond shall have been
executed and the property returned before process
of law issued as atoresaid, the marshal shall giro
notice of the pendency of proceedings in court to the
parties executing said bond by personal service or
publication, and in manner and form as the court
may direct, and the court shall thereupon have juris-
diction of said matter and parties in the same wan-
ner as if such piopeity had been seized by virtue of
the process aforesaid. But if said owner shall r.egieet
or refuse to give said bond, the assessor shall issue to
the colleotor or marshal an order to sell the said
property, and the said collector or the marshal siiall
thereupon advertise and seltthe same at public auc-
tion, in the same maimer as goods may be sold on
final execution in said district, and the proceeds of
the sale, after deducting the reasonable cost of the
seizure and sale, shall be paid to the court, to abide
its final order and judgment.
Mr. SCHENCK. The committee desire to
correct the language of this section by striking
