542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 15,
I repeat, sir, the second proposition to which
I reler was a bill designed to degrade and
remove one of the most illustrious, successful,
and distinguished officers whose deeds brighten
the annals ot' this country, Major General
Hancock. Why? Because he had recognized
the existence ot civil as well as military power;
because he recollected, while he was clothed
with high dictatorial powers, there was also a
Constitution ot'the United States; because he
was not willing to become the supple instru-
ment of a congressional oligarchy which seeks
to absorb all power withiu the vortex of its
ambition. A mean, cowardly attempt to put
an insult upou a man whose character, pro-
fessional and personal, is far too high for this
House to insult at all!
That, sir, is number two. Number three is
the unprecedented and remarkable transaction
which has occurred in the executive depart-
ment. The President, clothed under the Con-
stitution with executive power, with the implied
right to bring around him his own trusted
counselors and advisers, suspects, as it is
alleged, an officer of his official household of
being in collusion with his enemies, betraying
conhdential official secrets, opposing his pol-
icy, and attempting to bring the Executive into
contempt and disgrace. For this he removes
him. 1 do not say ''suspended," because I
deny the right of Congress to pass the civil
tenure bill under which this alleged suspension
occurred. He removes him from that office
and appoints auother personal interim Secre-
tary of War.
Then, sir, we find that without the consent of
the President, and, as it is stated in the press of
to-day, in violation of an implied obligation
on the part of the incumbent of that position,
who was there temporarily with full powers,
this removed Secretary was thrust back again
upon the Executive into the very position iroin
which he had been displaced, and made Sec-
retary of War, though his relations to the Chief
Magistrate are such that not the slightest inter-
course, personal, official, or political, can trans-
pire between them. I declare this to be un-
precedented, unjustifiable, unconstitutional,
and disgraceful.
That is the third event which has startled
the American people. The fourth is the bill
now under consideration—a bill without a title,
a child without a name and probably without
a father, a monstrosity, a measure the most
intamous of the many infamous acts of this
infamous Congress.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call the gentleman to
order, and ask that his words be taken down
at the Clerk's desk.
The SPEAKER. What words does the
gentleman except to?
Mr. BINGHAM. He stated this was the
most infamous of the many infamous acts of
this infamous Congress.
The SPEAKEJtt. The gentleman has not
the right to address that language to Congress.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask that the words be
read.
The Clerk read the words excepted to.
The SPEAKER. The sixty-second rule will
be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
"62. If a member be called to orderforword? spoken
in debate, the person calling him to ordershall repeat
the words excepted to, and they shall be taken down
in writing at the Clerk's table; and no member shall
be held to answer or be subject to the censure of the
House for words spoken in debate if any other mem-
ber has spoken, or other business has intervened
after the words spoken and before exception to them
shall have been taken."
Mr. ROSS. I suggest the gentleman from
New York insert -'so called." [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules the words
excepted to are not in order, and the sixty-first
rule provides as follows:
" 61. Ifany member, in speakingorotherwisc, trans-
gress the rules of the House, the Speaker shall, or any
member may, call to order; in which case the mem-
ber so called to order shall immediately sit down,
unless permitted to explain; and the House shall, if
appealed to, decide on thecase, but without debate;
u there be no appeal, the decision of the Chair shall
be submitted to. If the decision be in favor of the
member called to order, he shall be at liberty to pro-
ceed; if otherwise, lie shall not be permitted to pro-
i eeed, in case any member object, without leavo of
,; the House; and if the ease require it ho shall be
liable to tho censure of the House."
The gentleman lias the right to proceed if no
one objects.
Mr. BINGHAM. T object to his proceed-
ing unless he takes back these words and
makes an apology to. the House. [Cries of
" that's right."]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can pro-
ceed, if no one objects, to explain.
Mr. KERR. I ask the Speaker to which of
these words he applies his decision ; is it to all
of the words, or only to the particular word
characterizing Congress ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that
the words excepted to by the gentleman from
Ohio are not in order. The gentleman from
New lork can make an explanation if no one
objects.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I have no ex-
planation to give.
The SPEAKER. Then as the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingiiam] objects he can only
proceed by the consent of the House.
The question was put whether Mr. Wood be
allowed to proceed, and the Speaker declared
, that the noes seemed to have it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 40, nays 108, not voting
40 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Barnes, Barnum,
Beck, Boyer, Brooks. Burr, Chanler, Eldridge, Fox,
Getz, Glossbrcnner, Golladay, Grover, Haight, Hol-
man, Hotohkiss, Richard D. Ilubbard, Humphrey,
Johnson, Kerr, Knott, Marshall, MeCormick, Mor-
rissey. Niblack, Nicholson, Phelps, Pruyn, Randall,
Ross, Sitgreaves, Xhaddeus Stevens, Stone, Taber,
Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, and
Woodward—40.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson. Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, James M.Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Banks. Bea-
man, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blaine, Blair,
Boutwell. Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland, Butler,
Cake, Cary, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Dodge, Don-
nelly, Eggleston, Ela, Eliot, Farnswortli, Ferriss, Gar-
field, Gravely, Griswold, Harding, Hawkins, Higby,
Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, llulburd,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kelscy,
Keteham, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, William Law- j
rence, Logan, Loughridge, Mallory, Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, McClurg, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Morrell, 1
Mulling, Myers, Nowcomb, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, i
Painc,Perham, Peters, Pike, Plants. Polsley, Pome-
roy, Price, Robertson, Sawyer, Scofield, Selye,
Shanks, Smith, Spalding, Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes,
laylor, Thomas. Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam,
Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, ElihuB. Washburne. Henry D. Wash-
burn, Welker, Thomas Williams, William Williams,
James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wil-
son, and V,indom—103.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Axtell, Baldwin,
Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Dixon, Driggs, Eckley, Ferry,
iields, Finney, Ilalsey, Asahcl W. Hubbard, Jones,
Kelley, George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Lynch,
Marvin, McCullough, Moorhead, Morgan. Mungen,
Pile, Poland, Raum, Robinson, Schenck, Shellabar-
fer. Starkweather, Stewart, Taffe, John Trimble,
wichell, Burt Van Horn, William B. Washburn,
Wood, and Woodbridge—40.
So the House refused to allow Mr. Wood to
proceed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. PRUYN asked consent to make an ex-
planation of his vote.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask permission to explain.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 object to all explana-
tions.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE asked to have his name
called.
The SPEAKER. Was the gentleman within
the bar when the last name on the roll was
called ?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I was in the cloak-
room.
The SPEAKER. That is not within the
bar of the House.
^Ir.W OODBRIDGE. I would have voted no.
The result was announced as above recorded.
VOTE OF CENSURE.
Mr. BECK rose.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege.
The SPEAKER recognized the latter.
Mr. DAWES. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and uponitdemand the previous question:
Resolved, That Fkrna.ndo Wood, a member of this
House Iroin the State of New York, having this day
used ill debato upon the floor of the House the fol-
! lowing words: "A monstrosity, a measure the most
infamous of the many intamous acts of this intamous
Congress," deserves, therefore, the censure of this
House, and the Speaker is hereby directed, forth-
with, to pronounce that censure at the bar of the
House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of
order. There has been intervening business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] was recognized as taking
the floor in the line of debate, but the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] rose at
the same moment to a question of privilege,
which is a higher right than debate. No busi-
ness has therefore intervened.
Mr. KERR. I move to lay the resolution
on the table; and on that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 38, nays 115, not voting
35; as follo ws :
YEAS —Messrs. Archer, Barnes, Barnum, Beck,
Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Chanler, Eldridge, Fox, Getz,
Glossbrenner, Golladay, Grover, Haight, llolman,
Hotchkiss. Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, John-
\ son, Kerr, Knott, Marshall. McCormiek, Morrissey,
; Mungen, Nicholson, Phelps, Pruyn, Randall, Ross,
Sitgreaves, Stone, Taber, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van
l Auken, Van Trump, and Woodward—38.
! NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Arnell, Delo3 R.
I Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin,
I Banks.Beaman, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blaine,
| Blair, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall,Bucklarrd, But-
[ ler. Cake, Cary, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Co-
burn, Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Dodge, Eggleston, Ela,
Eliot, Farnswortli, l-'erriss, Garfield, Gravely, Gris-
wold, Harding, Hawkins, liigby, Hill. Hooper, Hop-
kins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, llul-
burd, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian,
Kelscy, Keteham, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, William
Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge, Mallory. Marvin,
- Maynard, McCarthy, McClurg, Mercur, iVJiller,
Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Mullins, Myers, New-
\ comb, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters,
Pile, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Pomeroy, Price, Rob-
! ertson, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Selye, Shanks,
Smith, Spalding, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Ste-
vens, Stokes, Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson,
Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn,Van Wyck, Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne,
Henry D.Washburn,Welker, Thomas Williams, Wil-
liam Williams, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—115.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Axtell,
Reader W. Clarke, Cook, Cornell, Dixon, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eckley, Ferry, Fields, Finney, Halsey, Jones,
Kelley, George Y. Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Lynch,
MeCullough, Morgan, Niblack, Pike, Raum, Robin-
son, Shellabarger, Starkweather, Stewart, Taffe, John
Trimble, Twichell, Burt Van Horn, William B. Wash-
burn, and Wood—35.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BURR. I demand the yeas and nays on
the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
* Mr. ROSS. Is it in order to move to refer
the resolution to the Committee on Recour
struction. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. It is not in order unless
the previous question shall be reconsidered.
The question was taken on the adoption of
the resolution, and it was decided in the afiirm-
ative-*-yeas 114, nays 39, not voting 35; as
follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Beaman, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham,
Blaine, Blair, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Buck-
land, Butler, Cake. Cary, Reader \V. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Covode, Cullom, Dawes,
Dodge, Eggleston, Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss,
Garfield, Gravely, Griswold, Hawkins, liigby.
Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, llulburd.
Hunter, Ingersoll, Jonckes, Judd, Julian, Kclscy,
Keteham, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, William Law-
rence, Lincoln, Logan, Loughridge, Mallory, Mar-
vin, Maynard, McCarthy, McClurg, Mercur, Miller,
Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Mullins, Myers, New-
comb, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters,
Pile, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Pomeroy, Price, Rob-
ertson, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Selye, Shanks,
Smith, Spalding, Aaron b\ Stevens, Thaddeus Ste-
vens, Stokes, Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson,
Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,
Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu
B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn. Welker, Thomas
Williams, William Williams, James F. Wilson. John
T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—114.
