1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2951
out the following words at the beginning of the
section:
That when any property which has been seized is
liable, to perish or become greatly reduced in price
or value by keeping, or when it cannot be kept with-
out great expense, and, in the opinion of the col-
lector and assessor, it is necessary that the said prop-
erty shall be sold to prevent such waste or expenbe.
And inserting in lieu thereof tlie following:
That when any perishable property has been seized
which is liable to become greatly reduced in value
by keeping, and in the opinion of the collector and
assessor it is necessary that the said property shall
be sold to prevent waste.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. fSCHEivTCK. Another verbal amend-
ment. In line ten strike outtheword "and,"
and in lin$ lifteen strike out the word " he.''
The amendment vas agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Src. 55. And be it further enacted, That all seizures
ot property made by or under the authority of a col-
lector shall be reported immediately to the assessor
of the district, and all seizures of property made by
or under the authority ot an assessor shall be re-
ported immediately to the collector of the district;
and the a^se^sor and collector shall together, within
live days trom such seizure, inquire into the facts
constituting the ground ot seizure, and it they shall
agree tint the seizure was wrongfully made, the
property seized shall be discharged; if they agree
that the seizure was rightfully made, they shall each
note such agreement in their several offices, and the
collector shall institute proceedings for forfeiture
oi the property seized according to law. It said
assessor and collector shall disagree, they shall seve-
rally report the facts m the case and their disagree-
ment to the super visor of internal revenue of their dis-
trict, and suclisupervisorshall immediately examine
such reports and make his decision thereon, and
fchail eiiher direct the collector to proceed ior a for-
ieiture of the property seized, or that the said prop-
erty shall be released in accordance with his decision,
as the ca^e ma> be. Au> party having an interest in
the properly seized shall have a right, after such
decision made by agreement of the collector and
assessor, within live days alter such agreement, to
appeal to the supervisor of internal revenue in such
ease, who shall examine into the facts and report to
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue his conclu-
sions thereon; and said Commissioner is authorized
to make such order in the premises as he may deem
just. And if said supervisor has ordered proceed-
ings of lorfeiture in any case, any person having an
interest in the property may, within live da>s after
such order, apply to him for a review of the case,
and upon such review ho is authorized to make
older in the premises, as in case ot disagreement
between the collector and the assessor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move as an amendment
from the committee to strike out the words
"after such decision made by agreement of
the collector and assessor, within five days
alter such agreement/' and to insert in lieu
thereof the lollowing: "within five days after
any decision made by agreement of the col-
lector and assessor/'
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 06. And be it J'vrlher tnarfed, That it shall be
the duty oi collectois in their respective districts to
collect all taxes, penalties, forfeitures, and lines, and
to that end collectors are respectively nuthonzed to
prosecute for the recovery of the same, in the name
ot the Unit ed States, in any proper lorm of action, or
by any appiopnatc loi m ot proceeding, in any circuit
or district court of the United States lor the judicial
chstnct within which any sueh tax, penalty, lorfeit-
ure, or fine may have been assessed or incurred, or
in any judicial district in which the party liable
Thereto may reside ac the commencement of such
suit. But no such suit shall be commenced without
the authority of the Commissioner of internal Rev-
enue; and no other counsel exccpta district attorney
of the United Stales shall appear in or prosecute
such ^uit unless authorized thereto by the Commis-
sioner oi Internal Revenue, either expressly or by
general regulations. Whenever in any civil action
lor a penalty the informer may be awitnots ior the
prosecution, the partv against whom such penalty is
claimed may be admitted as a witness on his own
behalt; and the pioeeeu? of all judgments for taxes,
coPtfc, loi lcitures, and i>enaities, as well as all moneys
otherwise collected or received on such account,
shall be paid to the collector as internal taxes are
lequired to be paid. All propei typical or personal,
loiii'ited under any of the piovi>ions of this act.
except when otherwise provided, shall, under the
direction of the court in which the proceeding against
tueli pi opei ry may be pending, or m which the judg-
ment ot torteiture shall have been recovered, be sold
at public auction; and the proceeds thereof, alter
deducting expenses ot sale, shall be disposed ot
according to law.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by
striking out the word " such," in line fiiteen,
and inserting (he woru "any;'' also by strikng
out the words "may be," in lineeighteeiij and
inserting ''is."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to strike out tlie
words "unless authorized thereto by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue either expressly
or by general regulations." I respectfully
submit that we have arrived at a liard place
in this law, aud I make this motion prelimi-
narily to others, and unless they are accepted
I shall move to strike out the entire section.
Under the law as it now stands the collection
of all these penalties is left entirely to the dis-
cretion of the collector of the district under
the authorization veto and general control of
the Commissionrr of Internal Ilevenue. The
consequence is that wc have none of these
penalties collected. I say none as an extreme
proposition. I mean to say that not one ten'h
or one twentieth of those which ought to be
collected are collected ; and this section seems
to me, like that in the present law, to be based
upon an entirely false principle in administra-
tion. Everything that relates to the assess-
ment of these taxes should belong to and be
under the control of the assessors. It is their
business, their present duty, and when it is per-
formed they should do no more. Everything
in relation to the collection of these taxes is an
executive duty.
The collector receives his warrant. He
should go on and execute it and have 110 dis-
cretion with regard to it. But after he has
performed that duty Ins functions cease, and
I am adverse to clothing him or clothing the
assessor with any judicial powers. It is not
wise, as it seems to me, to combine executive
duties with judicial duties. The amendment
which I propose is one of several which I shall
offer to this section. It gives to the law offi-
cers aud courts of the U nited States control
over the collection of these penalties and fines.
It calls into play an entirely different class of
administrative and executive officers with an
entirely different training, with an entirely dif-
ferent end. Their object should be and their
duty should be to see that justice is done
between the Government and its citizens irre-
spective of the acts of any executive or admin-
istrative officer ot' the Government. And
hence it seems to me entirely improper to leave
the control of the suits to the collector. If the
collector fails to collect the amount due to the
United States under liis warrant, then liis
function should end ; he should turn that war-
rant over to the law officer of the Government,
and that law officer should see what the law
could do to collect or to obtain what the col-
lector could not obtain under his special war-
rant. It calls into play an entirely ditferentkind
of training, of learning, of faculties, of judg-
ment. Wegive to the quartermaster of the Army
power when in the fielcl to purchase whatever
he may need for the subsistence of the Army.
We never clothe him with power to determine
what subsistence is worth three weeks after-
ward. He would then act as a judge, and he is
not supposed to be possessed of the faculty of
judging or weighing testimony. So when the
assessor's duty is finished and the warrant
made out and the collector's duty is finished
and lie finds that he is obstructed in the execu-
tion of his warrant, what is bis duty? Simply
to turn it over to the law officer and see what
virtue there is in the law and in the courts of
the United States for the purpose of collecting
dues to the United States.
1 desiie to say something as to the form ot
this proceeding, but I shall need more time
than I now have, and I shall have to offer ail-
other amendment. I will only say, further, on
■this amendment, that the district attorneys
should be held responsible for the execution
of the law. and the Commissioner of internal
Revenue ought not to have the power to send
to Massachusetts or Iowa lawyers from In ew
York or Washington, irresponsible, retained
for special cases, under no special obligations
to the Government, to be permitted to be
assistant district attorneys when perhaps they
may be obstructions to those othceis m the
performance of their unties in the recovery of
the dues to the Government.
[Here the hammer fell.J
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not underslandfrom
the reading of the section any of the difficulties
that the gentleman from Rhode Island seems
to attach to it. His amendment proposes tihat
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall
not be authorized to employ counsel to assist
district attorneys in the prosecution for the
recovery of either penalties, forfeitures, or
fines. His amendment goes to that extent
and no more. His remarks went beyond that
to the general merits of the section.
The section provides "that it shall be the
duty of collectors in their respective districts
to collect all taxes, penalties, forfeitures, and
fines." Their mode of collecting tlie tax is
already pointed out.
Mr. JENCKES. That is all right.
Mr. MAYNARD. Not only the tax proper,
but what is called penal taxes. For the col-
lection of forfeitures and fines he must have
recourse to the courts of the country.
Mr. JENCKES. I do not object until you
come to the words, "in any proper form of
action, or by any appropriate mode of pro-
ceeding."
Mr. MAYNARD. _ The courts of the coun-
try designated are pointed out. He must pro-
ceed by indictment as for a misdemeanor, or
by civil action, or the recovery of the penalty
by an action for debt in the circuit court or
district court of the United States where the
party may live or where the fraud may occur.
Mr. JENCKES. It does not say "by in-
dictment." It says " proper form of action,"
which simply refers to an action of debt under
the common law, which is bu t a qui lam action,
the worst lbrm of procedure.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is a very technical
construction.
Mr. JENCKES. If that construction had
not prevailed in the courts of the United States
under the existing law, I would not have made
the objection here.
Mr. MAYNARD. If it would relieve the
difficulty of the gentleman, we might say " by
any proper form of action or any appropriate
form of proceeding."
Mr. JENCKES. If the gentleman will
move to amend by making it read, "by indict-
ment on information in any proper form of
action, or appropriate form of proceeding," I
will have 110 objection.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not think that would
add anything to the present force of the section.
Mr. JENCKES. The,courts will think to
the contrary.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not tliink it would
do any harm. Whenever a collector finds it
necessary to proceed in the courts, then he
must move through the district attorney, and
not otherwise, unless the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue shall be satisfied that the
duties of the district attorney are so onerous
that lie would be compelled to neglect this
portion of his duty without assistance. In
that case the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue shall have authority to assign additional
counscl; I see nothing wrong in it; 1 see no
impropriety in it; I can imagine that the Com-
missioner might execute the law in a spirit of
partiality and favoritism. But pray tell me
what law there is that may not be improperly
administered ?
Mr. SCHENCK. If I understand the gen-
tleman front Rhode Island, [Mr. Jexckes,]
he is willing to withdraw the amendment he
has offered, provided we will agree to amend
the section so that it will read '• by indictment,
or by information, or any other appropriate
form of proceeding."
Mr. JENCKES. I will withdraw my amend-
ment, and move the amendment suggested by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. SuheaCK, | it
he will allow me to do so, for the purpose of
further explanation. ' .
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to
that amendment; I think it adds nothing to
the section and takes nothing from it.
Mr. JENCKES. There are other formal
matters of amendment which may be neces-
! sary.
