1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
427
40th Cojstg....2d
Missouri Contested Election—Mr. Switder.
Ho. op Reps.
t ol, an d wh en i n its ma,roll thither it izms t p ass through
States which have renounced their allegiance to the
Union."
Again, listen to the sixth resolution:
" Itesolved, That the present duty of Missouri is to
maintain her present independent position, taking
sides not with the Administration and not with the
seceding States, but with the Union against them
both, declaring her soil to be sacred from the hostile
tread of either, and if necessary to make the decla-
ration good VHl.it her strony right arm."
Here, plainly and vigorously stated, are the
doctrines of non-coercion and "sacred soil,"
and opposition to Missouri's responding to
President Lincoln's call for four regiments of
volunteers "for the purpose of coercing the
seceding States"—all to be made good with
Missouri's "strong right arm."
A BRACE 03? LOYALISTS.
Now, sir, a meeting was held in Boone
county on the Sd of May of that same year,
and what was done? Why, sir, the Union
men of Boone county—for if there were at
that time or if there are at this time any Union
men in that county they were at thatmeeting—
observing that these distinguished loyalists,
one in the county of Shelby and the other in
the county of Pike, had reported resolutions
against the Governor of the State responding
to the President's call for volunteers, observing
that both Mr. Bexjahix and Mr. Anderson had
reported resolutions at their county meetings
against coercion and in favor of neutrality, the
Boone county loyalists simply followed their
example. And, Mr. Speaker, I confess that
in that meeting I, like other Union men in my
county, followed these bright and shining lights
of loyalty; but I declare, since they have
arraigned roe before this House on the charge
of disloyalty because I simply followed them,
that I never will be deceived by such false and
delusive lights again.
Why. sir, verily these two gentlemen seemed
to am in concert, and for each other must have
hud a fellow feeling wondrous kind. Indeed,
must appropriately they might paraphrase a
veise of the good old Presbyterian hymn:
" Blest be the tie that binds
Our hearts in ' loyal' love ;
The fellowship of kindred minds
Is like to that above."
A DOUBLE CHEERY.
In truth, sir, this adorable brace of simon-
pure loyalists recall an old apostrophe, which,
altered for the occasion, may be rendered:
Benjamin and Anderson, Shelby and Pike,
counsel and client, Damon and Pythias, Her-
mia and Helen ; a double anti-coercion, anti-
Lincoln cherry. Why, sir, Helen in Midsum-
mer Night's Dream, in addressing Hermia,
photographs this transeendently loyal couple.
Listen:
"We, Hernia, like two artificial (rods,
Have with, our needles created both one flower,
Both on one sampler, silting on ono cushion,
both warbling of one song, both in one key,
As if our hands, our sides, voices and maids
ITad been incorporate. So wo grew together,
Ijiko to a double cherry, seeming parted,
.But yet an union in partition,
Two 'loyal' berries molded on one stem,
So with two seeming bodies, but ov.e heart.
POSITION CANDIDLY STATED.
But this is not all. The good people of
the terribly calumniated county of Callaway,
ana of Boone, have been arraigned by the
sitting member on the charge thot they ore
unfriendly to the Republican or Radical party.
1 have been arraigned both before the com-
mittee and House on the same charge.
Mr. Speaker, a large majority of the_ mem-
bers of this House may not very well relish the
fact, or contemplate it with either delight or
composure, that there are in Callaway ana
Boone, and even in Pike and every county oi
my district, hundreds of loyal citizens who are
earnestly opposed to the policy of the Radical
party ; but I hope all the honest members of
that party in this House entertain no repug-
nance to candor and frankness in political
opponents, or to honest men wherever found.
I claim to be very candid and frank and hon-
est in my convictions of public duty. So are
my constituents. In all candor, then, I con-
fess that the charge is true that I am an en-
emy of the Radical partyj the charge is true
that I am not an abolitionist. I never was an
abolitionist, and I declare to this House, with
all the freedom and frankness of my nature,
be the consequences to me what they may, I
was not an abolitionist before the war, or
during the war, and am not one since the war.
During the contest preceding the rebellion I
was an old-line, Henry Clay, Daniel Webster
Whig. I never was an abolitionist, and never
expect to be. I claim, however, honest con-
victions in reference to all great questions
which divide the country, and I would not
conceal from this House or from the country
any sentiment I now entertain or over enter-
tained in order to obtain a seat in the Fortieth
Congress or in forty Congresses like it.
MR. ANDERSON AS AN EDITOR—HE " GOES " FOR THE
EMANCIPATIONISTS.
But, sir, am I the only gentleman who ever
denounced abolitionists ? Let us see what the
sitting member himself said about them. We
were told yesterday that the contestant l\ad
been an editor in Missouri for twenty-five
years. Well, that is true. I have been an
editor and am to-day, and unfortunately for
the sitting member for two or three months in
1862 he was an editor, and a very poor editor
at that. It was after Fort Sumter had been
fired upon ; it was after this capital was men-
aced by the Federal defeat at Bull Run ; it
was in an eventful and very critical period of
the bloody and terrible war through which the
nation was passing. At that crisis in the
struggle for the life of the Republic the gen-
tleman was editor temporarily of the Louisi-
ana Journal, published in the city of Louisi-
ana, Pike county, Missouri. This gigantic
rebellion against the Constitution and Govern-
ment of the United States had culminated;
the respective armies of the two sections, Worth
and South, had formed in line of battle
almost across the continent, and the question
whether there would be a recognition of the in-
dependence of the confederate States by Eng-
land and other foreign Powers was_ trembling
in the balance; yet at this very critical period
in our history the gentleman wrote as follows in
theJournalontlie22dof May, 18G2. Theeditor-
ial is headed " Emancipation in Missouri," and
in it Mr. Anderson chargcd that F. P. Blair jr.,
and B. Gratz Brown (whom he styled the lead-
ers of the "two parties of emancipationists")
were " establishing newspapers all over the
State" for the purpose of attaining emancipa-
tion, and invoked " the political death of both
of them." In this article he says :
"We had hoped that Missouri would remain quiet
oil this question, at least atthi«olection. Our hopes
have been disappointed, and tlio issue must be met.
We cannot avoid it if we would, wo would cot if we
could. It is insisted that Missouri will have immc-
diatelv to get rid of her slaves in order to invite
immigration." '• " > , " This proposi-
tion is advanced in all seriousness by men who ought
to have better sense. Bywh:>t rnlo of calculation
thev expect to make the State rbher by depriving
citizens of the State of millions ol dollars'worth of
)'iopeity upon which they are paying high taxes is a
inysf ery to us. Men opposed to emancipation mo-t
I organise to prepare t'or the coming struggle. \t c
havo no fears of the result. Investigation oncl
argument will demonstrate the impracticability -ox
emancipation, to say nothing of its injustice and
inhumanity.
IIK NEXT " GOES " 1*011 PHrPTTjrNT LINCOLN AND THE
RADICALS.
Then, on the 29th of May, speaking of Mr.
Lincoln's proclamation of emancipation, Mr.
Anderson says :
"The sooner the President wakes up to the fact
that the border Statesdo notintend to part with their
slaves the better for him. It seems to us that ne
ought to know that the people of the slave States
have more sense than to bite at the Yankee bait
thrown out in his resolution. The resolution is not
worth the paper upon which it is written, i'ather
Abraham must cut Joosetrom ai) connection witu the
I1 Radicals if he would resioio lasting peacc to this
country. They cripple every effort made for the
restoration of the Constitution and Union. Dis-
unionists at heart, they only go for.war because they
believe it will destroy the institution of slavery.' 'i'h cy
go tor the war, not to restore the old Union, and the old
Constitution, but-to gratify a mere spirit of revenge.
The President must continue to cheek the hellish
schemes of these blackest-dyed traitors in the'land.
If he yields to them, there will be no end to this
war."
THE ABOLITIONISTS THE MlSST ATEOCIOtTS TBAITOBS
IN T1IB LAND.
Now, sir, this is not all. On the 5th of
June, 1802, Mr. Anderson proceeded deliber-
ately to write and publish his views of the
political situation and the measures of Con-
gress. It is made a charge and a very grave
charge against me that I have constantly and
conscientiously and honestly opposed the abo-
litionists. It has been a matter of grave com-
plaint against me, even affecting my political
integrity and loyalty to the Union, that I have
been a political enemy of the majority of this
House. Now, let us see what Mr. Anderson
said, and I venture to declare that nothing
which I ever uttered by tongue or press in the
last quarter of a century against the Repub-
lican party before the war, or during the war, or
since the war, will compare in bitterness and
acrid epithet with it. He said:
" A man does not have to bo an emancipationist or
an abolitionist either to be a Union man in Missouri.
Here an abolitionist is regarded as the deepest-dyed
of all the damnably mean and atrocious traitors in
the land."
And yet, notwithstanding this terrible-anath-
ema uttered by the gentleman in 1862, now
that he is hard pressed by the facts and the
law of this case, he is here before the House
asking that he shall be allowed to retain the
seat he occupies by usurpation and fraud be-
cause of the fact that he has recently fallen
very much in love with those whom a few years
ago he denounced as the most damnable and
atrocious traitors in the whole land.
SELLING FREE NEOKOES INTO SLAVKBY.
But this is not all. I will give another fact
and show how intensely and fanatically pro-
slavery the sitting member was before the war,
and how much in love with slavery he then
was. To give this House an idea of the new-
born and wonderful zeal recently manifested
by the gentleman for abolitionism and the
freedom of the slave, I desire to prove by this
record that his conversion has been very sud-
den, if not very sincere.
In 1800, one year before the war, Mr. Ander-
son was a member of the Legislature of Mis-
souri, from the county of Pike. While a mem-
ber of that body one of the most atrocious and
inhuman measures known to the history of
our State or to civilization itself was intro-
duced on the subject of slavery, namely: a bill
to reiinslave all the emancipated negroes in the
State ; to reeuslavc them by the diabolical pro-
cesses of arrest and public sale by the sheriffs
of the respective counties wherein .they might
be found—to arrest them, bring them to the
county seat, and after advertising them for sale,
putthem up to the highest bidder on the horse-
block, and consign them to slavery anew. _ l
will read from the record in regard to that "bill.
THE KECOED QUOTED.
I read from the official journal of the house
of representatives of the Legislature of Mis-
souri, adjourned session, 1859-60, page 282,
^o that there shall be no cavil about its authen-
! ticity. At the evening session of the 11th
| of January, 1860, in the Missouri house of
| representatives, Mr. Hardin offered the follow-
; ing amendment:
"Amend by striking outfchcthird section and insert"
ing the following m lieu thereof."
Listen to this third section:
"Every free negro or mulatto
een years, who shall lio.ve emigrated to anu satled in
this State since the 17th day of March, lb*, ^
descendants, and who shall be aresidei t ot tliio, t. ^
on and after the first; Monday m September, IS,I,
shall bo reduced toslavery.
