i92a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
sylvania [Mr. Covode] and the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth.]
Mr. BINGHAM. The amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode]
is to insert the name of John A. Gilmer. I
liope it will be rejected, as the mover of it
de ired on yesterday to withdraw it, and it was
objected to.
The SPEAKER. If no objection be made
the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Covode] will be regarded as
withdrawn.
No objection was made, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
then on the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Farksworth. ]
The question was taken, and Mr. Farns-
worth's amendment was rejected.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend by in-
serting in line five after the word "the" and
before the word "laws," the words "constitu-
tion and," so it will read "the Constitution
and laws of the United States."
Mr. MILLEIi. I ask my friend from Ohio
whether he will agree to permit me to move to
strike out the name of General Longstreet.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not wish to do that.
I was instructed by the committee to report
his name, and I desire to state some of the
reasons why his name and the names of others
should be retained.
Mr. MILLER. He was one of the leading
rebels, and his name ought to be stricken out.
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman will allow
me for a moment, I will make a suggestion.
If we are going to relieve others, I ask that the
name of John D. Ashmore, of South Carolina,
be inserted with other names.
Mr. BINGHAM. Is an additional amend-
ment now in order?
The SPEAKER. An amendment is in order
to the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
but it must be germane.
Mr. BINGHAM. I supposo we must pass
upon my amendment first?
The SPEAKER. It has to be passed upon
separately.
Mr. BINGHAM. Before proceeding further
I ask, if there be no objection, that the vote
on my amendment be first taken.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I wish to call the atten-
tion of my colleague from Ohio to the nature
and effect of this amendment. I believe its
effect will be that persons who have been re-
lieved will be authorized to enter upon the dis-
charge of the duties of national offices to which
they may be appointed or elected without taking
either the test-oath, or even the oath passed the
other day by this House, if it becomes the law
which is to be a substitute in this case. I fear
the amendment goes too far.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman chooses
he can move to except from its operation the
test-oath; but I say to the gentleman from
Massachusetts it appears to me, after reflec-
tion, very clear that the provisions of the test-
oath are in no sense disabilities; that word
"disabilities" is the operative word of this
bill, a^id in no wise touches the test-oath. It
is a qualification for office, and stands clear
of this bill altogether, as also of the bill which
was reported by the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] the other day,
and which, I believe, passed the House.
Mr. SPALDING., I suppose it is under-
stood by this amendment it will require a two-
thirds vote, under the Constitution, to pass
this bill ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Undoubtedly, it is so
understood.
Mr. SPALDING. I want the House to un-
derstand that.
_ Mr. NICHOLSON. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. NICHOLSON. Believing the Consti-
tution of the United States imposes no disa-
bility whatever, I demand the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the amendment.
Mrt BINGHAM. I desire to say a word
before the vote is taken. It must be perfectly
evident, first, in answer to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell,] that the adop-
tion of this amendment will in no wise cut off
any amendment of the kind which I have sug-
gested ; that is to say, to add to the end of
this bill that nothing in this bill shall be con-
strued to exempt any person from the require-
ment of existing law to take the oaths of office
required by existing law. That is all I have
to say on that subject. Touching the sugges-
tion of the honorable gentleman from Dela-
ware, [Mr. Nicholson,] Ibeg leave to say that
assuming it to be true, as he seems to assume,
that the Constitution imposes no disability,
that three fourths of the organized States of
this Union have no power to adopt an amend-
ment to the Constitution without the consent
of the States lately in rebellion or some of
them, thereby reducing us to the extremity,
by reason of their rebellion, of being put at
their mercy touching that issue—assuming that
to be so, I appeal to gentlemen to consider
whether that is any excuse for refusing to pass
a law to relieve these parties from disabilities
imposed by existing law?
The words are mere surplusage in the gen-
tleman's view of the subject; and that being
the case, of course he or any other gentleman
holding his views is not concluded by giving
a vote in favor of this bill, for the reason that
there are upon the statute-book existing laws,
which beyond question do, until these parties
are relieved from their disabilities, exclude
them from participating in any matters per-
taining to the administration of federal affairs,
cutting them off altogether. This bill is in-
tended, as I said yesterday, to relieve them
from the disabilities imposed, for example, for
your reconstruction acts.
I trust that gentlemen on every side of the
House, when they come to decide this ques-
tion, will have some respect for that public
opinion which was expressed two years ago or
less by the whole loyal people of this country
from Maine to California. That opinion was
that the Congress of the United States should
be expressly invested with authority to remove
these disabilities. That authority has been put
into the written letter of the Constitution ; and
it has been put there, doubtless, for the very
purpose that it should be used. Now, if it be
the judgment of the House that this is an inop-
portune time to exercise this power, be it so ;
I have no feeling upon the subject. I am here
simply as the organ of the committee to report
this bill. In reporting it yesterday in the form
in which it was then presented, omitting these
words, I thought I was doing all that could be
done under suggestions which had been made
to me. But it seemed from the temper mani-
fested by the House yesterday, (and I was
glad to see it,) and especially upon the sugges-
tion of my colleague, [Mr. Schexck,] that the
House would prefer to pass upon the whole
question at once, if it is to be passed upon at
all. Hence, acting upon the suggestion of my
colleague, 1 have inserted the words "Consti-
tution and."
Mr. SCHENCIC. Mr. Speaker  
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield to my colleague
for a moment.
Mr. SCI-IENCK. Will not my colleague be
willing to say "the fourteenth article of the
amendments to the Constitution?"
Mr. BINGHAM. I have not the slightest
objection to that, but I ask my colleague to
consider that if that constitutional amendment
is adopted, as I believe it is, it is a part of the
Constitution.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I hope
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] will
not accept the amendment suggested by his
colleague, [Mr. Schenck.]
Mr. SCIIENCK. If my colleague inserts
simply "the Constitution," he and I might
understand that as including the fourteenth
article of the amendment, while others might
give it a different construction. I prefer that
we should aver specifically what we claim as
the rule under which we act.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have really no choice
myself in regard to the matter. Let the bill
specify ''the fourteenth article of the amend-
ments to the Constitution," if gentlemen
please.
Mr. SCHENCK. Just at this point I would
inquire of the Chair, if I may be permitted to
do so, whether it will be understood that the
bill, taking this shape, will require a two-thirds
vote to pass it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
suggested informally to a member of the com-
mittee that, following the principle laid down
in Jefferson's Manual, he cannot decide ques-
tions of consistence; "for, were he permitted
to draw questions of consistence within the
vortex of order, he might usurp a negative on
important modifications, and suppress, instead
of subserving, the legislative will." The opinion
of the Chair is that the fourteenth article of the
constitutional amendments has been adopted
and is a part of the Constitution ; but i . this
opinion he differs, of course, from some mem-
bers of the House. But this whole question
could be settled by inserting after the enacting
clause the words "two thirds of each House
concurring therein." It would then unques-
tionably require a two-thirds vote to pass the
bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. Upon reflection I believe
I will stand by the amendment as I have already
offered it; so as to read, " by the Constitution
and the laws." It is very clear that, if the
constitutional amendment is adopted, it is a
part of the Constitution, and the words are
proper ; if it is not adopted there is nothing in
the Constitution with reference to which the
bill can operate. This is no time for us here
to be standing upon forms. I said before that
I had no objection to my colleague's sugges-
tion ; but others object. They insist that the
amendment is a part of the Constitution ; and
I insist that if it is not a part of the Constitu-
tion there is nothing in the Constitution with
reference to which this bill can operate.
I believe myself that the amendment is a
part of the Constitution. I believe the people
of the country so regard it. I believe Congress
will so declare before the close of the session.
I believe there is no tribunal in this land that
can challenge it after the declaration is made,
and that being so it seems to me it is useless to
be wasting words on this subject. I yield to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bout-
well,]
Mr. BOUTWELL. I suggest that whatever
we do in this matter we ought to make definite.
Now, the disabilities imposed upon these peo-
ple, in consequence of their participation in
rebellion, arise from the act passed March
2, 1867, entitled "An act to provide for the
more efficient government of the rebel States
and acts supplementary thereto," and the
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States known as article fourteen. It is not
presumed, perhaps, that there are any other
disabilities imposed upon these people by the
Constitution and laws from which they would
be relieved by the general terms of the amend-
ments proposed by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bixgham.] But I*am not so sure of that
that I am willing that any doubt should exist.
I believe it is also important that we declare
in the act that a removal of these disabilities
was by a two-thirds vote of each House of Con-
gress, therein conforming to the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States. I have, therefore, to submit, if it be,
in order, and if not I trust the gentleman from"
Ohio will allow the amendments to be pro-
posed: first, that after the word "assembled,"
in the enacting clause, the words be inserted
"two thirds of each House concurring therein
so that it will appear from the act itself that it
was passed in conformity to the Constitution.
Mr. BINGHAM. I accept the gentleman's
amendment, though I think the Journal of the
House will settle all that.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Very well. Nowthen,the
amendment I propose, further, is that in the
fifth line after the word "them," where it
