M4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
you can find hardly an exigency that may arise in
the complicated afl'airs of the Gfcverment that they
did not anticipate and provido for; they did foresee
that in the progress of the Government some of the
States might go into rebellion, that they might un-
dertake themselves to absolve their connection with
the General Government and set up some hostile
government of their own ; and they expressly pro-
vided for just sneh a ease: and how gentlemen, with
this principle of the Constitution staring them in the
face, can lancy that States can lose their rights be-
cause more or le-'s of the people have gone off into
rebellion is marvelous to me. The principle of law
everywhere is that no honest man shall lose a right
by wrong and usurpation. The act of rebellion is
void. It may have physical force for the moment to
displace rights; but the law never yields to any such
power as that. TUe law never anywhere acknowl-
edges that right ean be overthrown by wrongful
action. They, then, who contend thatthc Stato gov-
ernments are lost, obliterated, blotted out, are con-
tending against the face and eyes of the Constitution.
Has that said any such thing? No, sir; it has said
that the Federal Government shall guaranty to every
State a republican form of government, and if a por-
tion of tbe people undertake to overthrow their gov-
ernment and set up another, it is the manifest duty
of the General Government immediately to interfere,
and if necessary interpose the strongarm of its power
to prevent such a state of things. Precisely that
state of things is upon us, and this bill proceeds upon
that idea, and discards absolutely the notion that
States may lose their rights and that they may be
abrogated and may be reduced to the condition of
Territories. It denies any such thing as that. No
sound principle can be adopted that warrants any
such thing."
This is the language of a gentleman who is
now President of the Senate. That is the doc-
trine which he and the mass of his party then
maintained, and which continued to be the
doctrine, so far as publicly avowed, until the
last session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
Why, sir, three of those States—Tennessee,
Louisiana, and Arkansas—were represented as
States in the Baltimore convention that nomi-
nated Mr. Lincoln and Mr. Johnson of Ten-
nessee, in 1864, and there voted as States.
That convention declared that nothing should
be required from the people of those States
except a return to their allegiance and uncon-
ditional submission to the laws of the United
States. That was the platform on which the
Republican party ran the race and on which its
candidates were elected in 1864.
Further than that: the thirteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States
was submitted to the people of all the States,
and it was ratified by the Legislatures of five
or six of those so-called "rebellious States;"
and on the 15th day of December, 1865, it was
declared a part of the Constitution because it
was so ratified. This Congress was in session
when it was done, and raised no voice of pro-
test against regarding those States as States of
the Union. By virtue of their acts as States
the thirteenth amendment of the Constitution
was adopted.
Now, sir, this is a proposition on which I
wish to hear from gentlemen on the other side.
If that constitutional amendment was adopted
because of the votes of these States, when the
Constitution provides that two thirds of Con-
gress may, as it did, submit an amendment to
the Constitution, and that it shall become a
part of that instrument wheti ratified by three
fourths of the State Legislatures—if those
States had no civil State governments how
could their State Legislatures act? How, then,
did this constitutional amendment become the
law of the land ? I suppose no one will dis-
pute these propositions: first, that the civil gov-
ernments of the ten southern States would have
been legal and valid, and incapable of all fur-
ther dispute, if the Federal Government, con-
sisting of the President and Congress, had rec-
ognized their validity and legality. Such rec-
ognition would bring them fully within the
priuciple assumed by the other side to be
asserted in Luther va. Borden, 7 Howard.
Second, that the President, by numerous official
acts, has recognized the legality of these civil
governments in express ana direct terms.
Congress expressly recognizes the adoption
of the thirteenth article in the civil rights bill,
and the sole authority for every provision of
that bill is that thirteenth article. Without
that article there were slaves in the United
States to whom Congress could not give civil
rights. After the proclamation of its adoption
by the Secretary of State because it had been
ratified among others by the States of Ten-
nessee, Arkansas, South Carolina, Alabama,
North Carolina, and Georgia—in all twenty-
seven States—and after the act of Congress
based upon it and expressly recognizing it_ as
part of the Constitution because of its adoption
as set forth in said proclamation, it devolves
on those who dispute its validity as part of the
Constitution to show that its adoption was so
irregular as to be beyond the power of the
President and of Congress to make it regular.
The result necessarily follows that if Congress
and the President could have made its adop-
tion regular, so that it was and is a part of the
Constitution, their power has been exerted in
that proclamation and in the passage of the
civil rights bill. Congress in making a law
exerts every constitutional power with which
it is invested to give validity to that law and to
give itself power to pass it. If, therefore,
Congress had the power to make the odoption
of the thirteenth article regular and complete
by recognizing the legality and validity of the
civil governments of the ten southern States
the Legislatures of which adopted that amend-
ment, then Congress by making the Freedmen's
Bureau bill, and especially the civil rights bill,
laws of the United States did thereby recognize
the validity and legality of these civil govern-
ments in a more regular and legitimate man-
net^- to wit, by legislation—than it could have
done by any mere resolution, no matter how
direct or express, recognizing these civil gov-
ernments.
These laws so passed, at\d especially the
civil rights bill, being thus the most thorough
and binding recognition by Congress that the
thirteenth article had been adopted by the
Legislatures of three fourths of the States of
the United States, was either a recognition of
the legality of the Legislatures of those rebel
States or a virtual declaration that there were
no such eleven States. My object in the recital
of the acts and resolutions of Congress, of the
platform of the Republican party, and the
speeches of its leaders in the opening of this
argument, was simply to show that, (independ-
ent of the folly of the assumption that eleven
States that could neither fight out nor secede
out of the Union could be constitutionally lost
and obliterated,) they have been recognized as
States and treated as such in every form in
which it was possible to do so ; indeed, to
hold them in their proper relation as States
was the avowed object of the war.
If, then, the thirteenth article thus became
regularly and constitutionally a part of the
Constitution of the United States—as, I sup-
pose, no Republican at least denies—no sane
man, in my opinion, nor even the most ultra
Radical, could for a moment contend that
Congress, by its mere legislative act, could
either directly or indirectly repeal that article
of the Constitution; nor ean any sane man
deny'that any act of Congress, the direct or
indirect effect of which is to repeal that arti-
cle of the Constitution, is itself unconstitu-
tional and void. The declaration by the re-
construction acts, for I can hardly call them
laws, that the civil governments of these ten
States are illegal, or that there are no legal
civil governments in those States, amounts to
a declaration that those "so-called" civil gov-
ernments have never had a legal inception or
legal existence. For I do not suppose that
any man is radical enough to contend that
after these civil governments had once been
legal and valid under the Constitution of the
United States that Congress could render them
illegal by declaring them so. This declaration,
therefore, being subversive of the very consti-
tutional existence of the thirteenth article, is
unconstitutional and void. I can, therefore,
see no escape for those who sustain the con-
stitutionality of this bill except by the asser-
tion either that Virginia and the other nine
States to which it applies are not States in the
meaning of the Constitution, or that Congress
has full power, by legislative act, to repeal the
constitution and government of any of the
States at its mere whim and pleasure. In
regard to the first, it is demonstrable, as they
were all States in the Union before the war
and their right to secede was successfully re-
sisted, that any State adopting a government
which is illegal by not being republican in
form—which is the only illegality under the
United States Constitution, mere repugnance
in its constitution and laws to some of the
provisions of the United States Constitution
only rendering the repugnant State provisions
void—does not destroy its legal and constitu-
tional existence as a State under the United
States Constitution. Such destruction of the
State would nullify the provision of the Con-
stitution which binds the Federal Government
to guaranty to each State a government repub-
lican in form. If the State is destroyed there
is no guarantee, the requirement being that
States, not provinces or territories, shall be
guarantied. This was the doctrine of Mr.
Hamilton, and speaking upon this subject,
James Madison, in the forty-third number of
the Federalist, says:
" It may possibly he asked whether it may not be-
come a pretext for alterations in the State govern-
ments, without the concurrence of the States them-
selves. It may be answered that, if the General
Government should interpose by virtue of this con-
stitutional authority, it will he of course bound to
pursue the authority. But the authority extends no
further than to a guarantee of a republican form of
government, which supposes a preexisting govern-
ment of the form which is to be guarantied. As long,
therefore, as the existing republican forms are con-
tinued by the States they are guarantied by the Fed-
eral Constitution. Whenever the States may choose
to substitute other republican forms they have a right
to do so, and to claim the Federal guarantee for the
latter. The only restriction imposed on them is that
they shall not exchange republican for anti-repub-
liean constitutions."
Justice Story, in his Commentaries on the
Constitution, quoting these opinions of Hamil-
ton and Madison, says:
"The Federalist has spoken with so much force
and propriety upon this subject that it supersedes all
further reasoning."
It would therefore result that (if the opposite
construction or proposition be true) the very
moment this provision of a guarantee cotnes
into operation it is ipso facto nullified by there
being no State at all to which the guarantee
applies. It is useless to point out the absurdity
of such a proposition. No man can fail to see
it without shutting his eyes to the plainest prin-
ciples ; no matter what hair-splitting definitions
may be made of the word " State," as used in
our institutions, it is certain that the absence of
a legal State government does not, in the broad
sense of the Constitution, take away its char-
acter and position of a " State,1' as one of the
several United States. All the arguments I
have heard in favor ofthe position of the rebel
States having committed suicide and ceased to
be States are based on those ordinances and
laws repugnant to the United States Constitu-
tion, and are declared nullities by that Consti-
tution and have been by those States them-
selves, or on the illegality of those State gov-
ernments, which illegality, instead of destroying
the States, bring into action the constitutional
obligation on the United States to that State to
rectify it to the extent of making its govern-
ment republican if it is not so. But I have
spent perhaps too much time on that subject.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the civil rights bill and
the Freedmen's Bureau bill and all the other
legislation wliich grew out of that thirteenth
article, as I have attempted to show, was
based on the idea that that article had been
ratified by three fourths of the State Legis-
latures ; and the distinguished gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] himself, when Tennessee
applied for representation in Congress, after
having ratified not only the thirteenth but the
fourteenth article, put himself forward as her
champion and passed through this House the
following resolution on the '20th of July, 1866.
Here is the joint resolution declaring Ten-
nessee entitled to Senators and Representa-
tives in Congress:
"Whereas the State of Tennessee has intfood faith
ratified the article of amendment to the Constitution
of the United States proposed by the Thirty-rnntn
Oongresg to the Legislatures of the several States,
