3976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
elect to declare these acts null and void, compel tho
Aimy to undo its usurpations at the South, disperse
the carpet-bag State governments, allow the white
peoploco reorganize theirown governments, and elect
Senator and Representatives. TheHouse ol'llopro-
sentutivcs will contain a majority of Democrats from
the .North, and they will admit the Kepresentatives
elected by the white people of the South, and with
the cooperation of the President it -will not be diffi-
cult to compel the Senate to submit once more to the
obligations of the Constitution. It will not be able
to withstand the public judgment, if distinctly in-
voked and clearly expressed on this fundamental
is. uc, and it is the sure way to avoid all future strite
to put the issue plainly to the country.
1^ repeat that this is the real and only question
which we should allow to control us: shall wo sub-
mit to the usurpations by which the Government has
boen overthrown, or shall we exert ourselves for its
full and complete restoration? It is idle to talk of
bonds, greenbacks, gold, tho public faith, and the
public credit. What can a Democratic President do
in regard to any of these with a Congress in both
branches controlled by the earpet-baggers and their
allies? He will bo powerless to stop the supplies by
which idle negroes are organized into political clubs—
by which an army is maintained to protect these vag-
abonds intheiroutragos upon the ballot. These, and
things like these, eat up the revenues and icsouvces
of the Government and destroy its credit—make tho
difference between gold and greenbacks. We must
restore tho Constitution beforo we can restore the
finances, and to do this wo must have a President
who will execute the will of tho peoplo by trampling
into dust the usurpation of Congress, known as the
reconstiuction acts. X wish to stand before the con-
ventionupon thisissue, but it is one which embraces
everything else that is of value in its large and com-
prehensive results. It is the oue thing that include
all that is worth a contest, and without it there is
nothing that gives dignity, honor, or value to tho
struggle.
Your fiiend, FRANK P. BLAIR,
Colonel James 0. Broadheai>.
Mr. BROOKS. If the gentleman will go on
and have the Democratic platform read it will
then be complete.
Mr, BOUT WELL. "We have had ifc read
already.
Mr. BROOKS. I mean the platform adopted
by the Democratic convention.
Mr. BOUT WELL. Mr. Speaker, it \h worthy
of observation that the Democratic convention
at New York sat four days, differing, I suppose,
judging from their votes, as to who should be
their candidate for the Presidency, and after
the disposition of that question on a single bal-
lot and with perfect unanimity they nominated
the writer of this letter to be their candidate
for the Vice Presidency of the United States.
Now, what does he propose to do? lie pro-
poses that the President of the United States,
without law, and of course without constitu-
tional authority, shall take the Army and drive
out of this House and out of the Senate the
members entitled by the operation of the law
and under the provisions of the Constitution to
seats in this House and in the Senate ; and not
only that, but to proceed with the Army to the
eight States in the South and disperse the Legis-
latures thereof, set up new Legislative Assem-
blies to be elected by the votes of rebel white
men only, and Senators and Representatives are
to beelected by those men to the Congress of the
United States, and by the military power to be
put into their seats. It is distinctly declared
by Fraiik P. Blair, jr., that it is the duty of the
President of the United States, a Democratic
President of the United States, to usurp the
powers of the Seriate and of the House and to
annihilate eight States by arms and to set up in
those eight military governments States.
Mr. MUNGEiST. Will the gentleman let me
ask him a question?
Mr. BOUTWELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. MUNGEN". I ask the gentleman where
he was when Frank Blair was fighting the
battles of his country?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I was in the service of
the country ; but one thing I never did, I never
piofessed to serve under a commission as a
General in the Army, and to serve in this House
as a member of Congress, exercising civil func-
tions and military authority at the same time, in
violation of the Constitution and the theory of
the Government of the United States.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish to make a few re-
marks.
Air. BO UT WELL. I yield to the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. BROOKS. The honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts announced in his opening
remarks it was well known what was tho pur-
pose of this bill, and therefore he reluctantly
admitted of any discussion, and indicated his
intention to put it through under the previous
question.
The purpose of the bill is perfectly well
known. It is to hold this vast territory stretch-
ing from the Potomac to the Rio Grande under
tho tutelage of this and the other branch of
Congress; not of the convention appointed by
the Constitution to count these votes, the only
constitutional authority -which can take cogni-
zance of the electoral votes, but to hold this
vast territory under the tutelage of the two-
thirds majority in the twoHonsesof Congress.
If in the Electoral College the ten southern
States are iound to be "loyal" their electoral
vote will be counted, but if they are found to
be Democratic the two Houses of Congress
will reject their votes.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Boutwei.l] has discovered by the election
recently held in Mississippi that tho negroes,
even the ignorant negroes of the South, are
unwilling to be ridden, booted and spurred, by
delegates and carpet baggers from Massachu-
setts and other States of the Union. The negro
is about tired of that sort of operation by emi-
grants from the North who have gone down
there for the purpose of being sent to the Capi-
tol at, Washington from the plantations of the
South. Hence the purpose of this bill, clearly
written on the face of it, is if these southern
States vote as the two Houses of Congress
direct their votes shall be counted ; if not, hold
them in tutelage and reject their votes.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. BROOKS. I would rather be answered
by the gentleman from Massachusetts in his
place when I am done. I am but a tenant of
the floor at will.
Mr. BOUTWELL. If my colleague desires
to put a question 1 will consent to allow the
gentleman time to answer.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to put a question
touching the political aspect of the case. Does
not the gentleman hold that Congress has
authority to prescribe the mode in which mem-
bers of the Electoral College shall be chosen?
Mr. BROOKS. But this bill goes further.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to have an
answer to the question.
Mr. BROOKS. But this bill goes further.
When that ease is presented i will answer it,
hut it is not a case presented here.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman declines to
answer I will put another.
Mr. BROOKS. That only relates to the
lime and place of holding elections—to time
more especially.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman hold
that anyone maybe a member of an Electoral
College who is not chosen in conformity to
law V
Mr. BROOKS. Congress has explicit power,
and only the power, as I have stated before, to
determine the time of choosing the electors and
the day on which they shall give their votes,
which shall be the same throughout the United
States. Any other power on this subject exer-
cised by Congress is an arbitrary power. The
Constitution of the United States prescribes
that every State is entitled to two Senators in
the other House, and a representation in pro-
portion to population on this floor. It in like
manner prescribes that the number of electors
shall correspond with the number of Senators
and Representatives, while this bill assumes
on the part of Congress, in defiance of those
two provisions of the Constitution, to exclude
these States from having their electoral votes
counted here on the floor of the House.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman answer
another question I will venture to put to him ?
I would like to inquire where in the Constitu-
tion the legislative power of Congress over
this matter is confined to time, place, and
manner?
Mr. BROOKS. What is not granted in the
Constitution is refused in the Constitution. It
is for the gentleman from Massachusetts to
show with his own finger the clause in the
Constitution which confers the power this bill
assumes to give. It is not my duty to prove
a negative ; it is his to make out an affirm-
ative.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman claim
that the electors from each State may be
chosen according to the law of, in the manner
prescribed by each State, or that they shall be
chosen by some uniform law, and that a law
of Congress ?
Mr. BROOKS. Suppose I admit that. All
the Constitution says is that Congress shall
determine the time of choosing electors, and
the day on which they shall be chosen.
Mr. DAWES. On what page is that.
Mr. BROOKS. Article two, section one,
of the Constitution.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Readthe
whole of it.
Mr. BROOKS. I will read it:
"The Congress may determine the time of choos-
ing the electors, and the day on which they shall
give their rotes; which day shall be the same through-
out tho United States."
That is all the power Congress hag. And
now permit me to go on.
Mr. BOUTWELL. We have not a great
deal of time.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman allowed me
to be interrupted by his colleague [Mr. Dawes]
on the express condition that I should go on.
I did not seek this side controversy.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let me call the gen-
tleman's attention to another provision of the
Constitution.
Mr. BROOKS. Oh, no ; the gentleman can
obtain permission after I am done, because he
has ample power. I am here at the mercy of
a very large adverse majority, and time is pre-
cious to me.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It might aid the
gentleman's argument.
Mr. BROOKS. I must decline to yield.
The honorable gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Boutwell,] doing what I wish could have
been avoided,introduced party topics and party
excitement in the midst of this discussion, and
in the course of his remarks he said that our
political friends 011 this side of the House had
brought about the late calamitous war. Sir,
there was a history of that war written out
long before the firing on Fort Sumter, and
long before the assembling of the southern
States in convention, and in all their princi-
ples and associations, and practically in their
very acts of rebellion, they were educated by
the State which the gentleman from Massachu-
setts in part represents, and which were car-
ried out in the Hartford convention, and in
othervictorious acts of the State of Massachu-
setts.
Sir, the war was not begun by the Demo-
cratic party of the South. The war was no
more begun by the Democratic party of the
South than by the Whigs of the South. The
one party was as much responsible for it as
was the other. When the honorable gentle-
man spoke of the incitement and the promises
given by the Democrats of the North to sup-
port the war against the Union, I wonder that
on looking at the gentlemen around liiui who
were then leaders in the Democratic party he
did not have sufficient respect for their feelings
to abstain from making such remarks in their
presence. Sir, he is surrounded on all sides
by Democrats who were conspicuous by their
positions and by the speeches which they
madepriorto the opening of the war, aud what-
ever imprudent remarks may have been made
by any other persons, they are as much respons-
ible for such remarks as any one, and they
are now leading gentlemen upon that side of
the House.
^ Sir, the war did not begin by the firing on
Fort Sumter, but it began by the invasion of
John Brown, [laughter.] supported by guns
and pikes and arms and money contributed by
the State of Massachusetts and other New Eng-
land and northwestern States. The first iuva-
