1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
545
and has also shown to the satisfaction of Congress,
by a proper spirit of obedienco in the body of her
people, her return to her due allegiance to the Gov-
ernment, laws, and authority of the United States:
Therefore,
IJ'' it resolved by the Senate and I fount- of Repre- j
tentative* of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the State of Tennesseo is hereby 1
restored to her former proper, practical relations to ;
the Union, and is again entitled to be represented
by Senators and Representatives in Congress, duly
elected and qualified, upon their taking the oaths of
office required by existing laws."
The preamble was agreed to—yeas 86, nays
48 ; and the resolution passed—yeas 126, nays
12; Mr. Bingham voting "yea." 1
And to show that his attention was called ]
distinctly to the question just before the vote was i
taken his colleague [Mr. Shellabarger] said:
"I desire to make a suggestion to my colleaguefMr.
Bingham] in regard to a verbal amendn*|pt ot his
resolution. My recollection of the Constitution is
that it provides for the ratification by the Legisla-
tures of three fourths of the States. I suggest to my
colleague that ho substitute for the words ' State of
Tennessee'the words 'Legislature of the State of
Tennessee.'
"Mr. Bixgham. Oh, that is not necessary at all."
So the joint resolution was passed and the
Tennessee Representatives admitted.
It is said, however, that those of us who take '
that ground bind ourselves to stand by the meas-
ures adopted by President Johnson, and that
he sought to coerce these people and make them
adopt a particular kind of civil government !>
which was not the free choice of the people, j
I know he did, and I think he made a blunder:
but I will tell you why, in my judgment, he did
it. On the 5th of July, 1864, Congress passed
a bill for the purpose of bringing back the
revolted States and restoring them to prac-
tical relations to the other States. In that act
the right of suffrage was restricted exclusively
to white male citizens over twenty-one years of
age, with restrictions as to loyalty which exclud-
ed large numbers. And here, by the way, I will
remark that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] urged that no State could be repub-
lican in form which excluded a majority of its
citizens from the right of suffrage. Yet in 1864
this bill was passed restricting suffrage to loyal
whitesand excluding blacks altogether, whether
bond or free. But President Lincoln failed to
sign that bill because, as he said, it was handed
to him only an hour before the adjournment of
Congress. He, however, issued a proclama-
tion on the 8th of July, 1864, in whiclihe incor-
porated that bill. That proclamation, by which
I understand the gentlemen have stood, is in
these words, (United States Statutes-at-Large,
volume thirteen, page 744:)
Whereas at the late session Congress passed a bill
to guaranty to certain States, whose governments
have been usurped or overthrown, a republican form
of government, a copy of which is hereunto an-
nexed:
And whereas the said bill was presented to the
President of the United States for his approval less
than one hour belore theadjournment of said
session, and was not signed by him; and whereas the
said bill contains, among other things, a plan for re-
storing the States in rebellion to their proper prac-
tical relation in the Union, which plan expresses the
sense of Congress upon that subject, and which plan
it is now thought fit to lay before the people for their
consideration:
Now, therefore. I, Abraham Lincoln, President of
the United State3, do proclaim, declare, and make
known, that while I am—as I was in December last,
when by proclamation I propounded a plan for resto-
ration—unprepared by a formal approval of this bill
to be inflexibly committed to any single plan of res-
toration; and while I am also unprepared to declare
that the free State constitutions and governments
already adopted and installed in Arkansas and
Lousiana shall be set aside and held for naught,
thereby repelling and discouraging the loyakcitizens
who have set up the same as to further effort, or to
declare a constitutional competency in Congress to
abolish slavery in States, but am at the same time
sincerely hoping and expecting that a constitutional
amendment abolishing si a very throughout the nation
may be adopted; neverthelesslamlully satisfied with
the sys:em of restoration contained in the bill as one
very proper plan for the loyal people of any State
choosing to adopt it, and that 1 am, and at all times
shall be, prepared to give the executive aid and assist-
ance to any such people so soon as the military re-
sistance to the United States shall have been sup-
pressed in any such State and the people thereof
shall have sufficiently returned to their obedience to
the Constitution and the laws of the United States,
in which eases military governors will be appointed,
with directions to pioceed according to the bill.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my
hand, and caused the seal of the United States to be
affixed.
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No.
Done at the eity of Washington, this eighth day
of July, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight
hundred and sixty-four, and of the Independence of
the United States the eighty-ninth.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
By the President:
WILLIAM H. SEWARD,
Secretary of State.
I say that while I believe that the interfer-
ence by the present Executive was of a char-
acter that cannot on principle be successfully
defended, because it infringed to some extent
the right of the States to control their own
domestic affairs, yet these people had ac-
cepted this plan of restoration proposed by
President Johnson and had acted upon it.
The Republican Congress and Mr. Lincoln
himself were committed to the proposition,
and the people of the South were content with
it. The President knew the exigency in which
he was placed, and that the only chance he had
was some plan which should be approved by
the Republican party, and as they were com-
mitted to Mr. Lincoln's plan he, doubtless,
thought it the best means of speedy and har-
monious settlement. The people of the South
acted under it, whether they liked it or not.
They organized State conventions, elected Le-
gislatures, adopted the thirteenth amendment
to the Constitution, and sent members to these
Halls asking for admission. What did Con-
gress do then ? Did it tell them they had no
civil governments ? Not at all. It sanctioned
the proclamation by the Secretary of State of
the adoption of the thirteenth amendment by
the Legislatures of the southern States; it
passed the Freedmen's Bureau bill and the
civil rights bill without saying a word against
their State governments. But what further
did it do ? Taking advantage of the action of
those State governments, recognizing them as
valid for the purpose of acting upon that con-
stitutional amendment and of passing laws, it
proposed for submission to the Legislatures of
those States a further constitutional amend-
ment, thus recognizing their State governments
as valid all the time. And when Tennessee
adopted the fourteenth amendment the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] became the
champion of the measure to admit that State
to representation in Congress, a resolution for
their admission was passed, as shown above,
and her Senators and Representatives took
their seats in these Halls. If she had not a
legal State government how could she ratify
that amendment?
But that is not all. It is charged here that
the people have repudiated this action of the
President. Now, the gentlemen never dared
to let their constituents know till after the late
elections in the northern States that they in-
tended to take any such ground as they have
now taken. Why did not they pass the military
bill at the first session of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress? They knew that these States had not
civil governments just as well then as they know
it now. The elections were coming on, and
had to be bridged over, and therefore all this
action was postponed until the last session of
the Thirty-Ninth Congress, when all the mem-
bers except from a few Democratic States had
been elected to the Fortieth Congress, and they
had a two years' lease of power. That., in my
humblejudgment,wasthe reason thatinflueneed
many gentlemen, and perhaps a majority, to
hold it back until after that time. 1 ask, then,
in view of all these things, whether the major-
ity of the Reconstruction Committee are right
in claiming that there are no civil governments
in thess States, and therefore that they have
a right to take them and hold them as con-
quered provinces, to remove the protection of
the president and the protection of the Supreme
Court from them, put the negro above the white
man, and place an officer of the Army over
all whose will shall be law and who shall have
the lives, liberties, and property of the people
at bis absolute disposal?
• Sir, I can understand how the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] and those
who agree with him that the Constitution is
thrown aside, and that we are acting outside
of it, can take this ground; but I cannot under-
stand how a gentleman like the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] who claims to be
acting under and in accordance witli the Con-
stitution, can do it. it there are no regularly
organized governments in these States does
not the Constitution of the United States
extend over these people ? Does not that Con-
stitution extend as far as the power of the
United States extends, and protect every hu-
man being within their limits, no matter where
situated? Beyond all question it does.
"The Constituiion «f the United States is a law for
rulers and people equally in war and in peace, and
covers with the shield of its protection all classes of
men' at all times and under all circumstances."
So said the Supreme Court in the Milligan case.
Where, then, 1 ask, are the powers now sought
to be assumed granted to this Congress ? The
gentleman from Ohio asserts that Congress has
a right to exercise every power not expressly
taken away from Congress by the Constitution.
Just the reverse is the fact. This Constitu-
tion was made by thirteen free, equal, and inde-
pendent States. They put limitations upon
the Federal Government, and they expressly
declared that all powers not specially granted
to the Government or necessarily inferable
therefrom were reserved to the States and the
people thereof; and when the gentleman de-
clares, as he did in his speech, that all power
is In the Congress of the United States unless
expressly prohibited, he commits a fatal error,
an error which I would not have supposed agen-
tleman of his acumen would have fallen into.
Why, sir, when a lawyer looks into a State
constitution to see whether a law of the State is
in conflict with it, what does he do? He looks
to see whether or not there is anything in the
constitution prohibiting the Legislature from
so acting, because all the power of the State is
in the Legislature of the State except what is
taken from it by the State or Federal Consti-
tution. But when he looks into the Federal
Constitution to see if a law of Congress is con-
stitutional he takes exactly the opposite view.
He looks to see whether that power has been
granted to Congress, and if it has not been
expressly or by necessary implication granted
to the Federal Government then the power is
not there; it is in the States or the people
thereof. If the gentleman will look at tho
decision of Chief Justice Marshall in the ease
to which he referred yesterday, of McCullough
vs. Maryland, he will find that the words " ne-
cessary and proper" do not mean everything
that Congress thinks is necessary. It must
be necessary and proper. You must use con-
stitutional means to carry out the end. The
gentleman from Qhio might think it very ne-
cessary to dissolve the Legislature of Ohio to
keep them from repealing their assent to this
glorious fourteenth amendment which he ha-
rangued us about yesterday so eloquently; but
this Congress cannot dissolve that Legislature,
because there are no proper means to do it,
no such power being granted.
The gentleman says this Congress has the
power because they are the representatives of
the people. They are only representatives so
far as they are authorized to act for the peo-
ple, and not one inch further. They have not
an unlimited power of attorney for that pur-
pose, but are strictly limited by the Constitu-
tion of the United States; and whenever their
acts go beyond that limitation, then they are
null and void.
The gentleman from Ohio says that Congress
has power to establish regulations for the gov-
ernment of the Army and the Navy. That is
true. He says that the Constitution does not
execute itself. That is true; laws are required,
beyond all question, to carry it out. But does
it follow that because the Congress must neces-
sarily provide the machinery of the Govern-
ment, therefore it must control and manage
the executive and judicial departments of the
Government? Does it follow that because
Congress are to pass laws how men in the
Army and Navy shall be punished, are to
make appropriations to purchase ships and
cannon, the Congress is therefore the com-
mander-in-chief of the Armv and Xavv? Be-
