1868,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
192$
occurs the second time, the words "by the laws
of the United States" be stricken out,and that
these words be inserted, " By the act passed
March 2, 1867, entitled 'An act to provide for
the more efficient government of the rebel
States and the acts supplementary thereto,' and
the amendment to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States known as article fourteen." I be-
lieve this amendment will be in order, being
larger than the amendment proposed.
Mr. BINGHAM. I accept that amendment,
because it is the same thing in law and in fact.
The Clerk reported the part of the bill as
amended, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of Amerieain Congress assem-
bled (two thirds of each IXouse concurring therein,)
That the several persons hereinafter named be, find
they are hereby, severallyrelieved from all disabili-
ties imposed on them, or either of th«m, by the act
passed March 2,1867, entitled "An act to provide
for the more efficient government of the rebel States
andtiieactssupplcmontary thereto," and the amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States known
as article fourteen, to wit.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have accepted the amend-
ments of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. BoutweI/L,] because I am perfectly sure
that the bill is precisely in law what it was
before. There were no laws imposing disa-
bilities except the laws recited in the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution. The
test-oath never was a disability. It is no disa-
bility upon me, and no disability upon the
gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I rise to a paint of
order. It is not in the power of the gentleman
from Ohio to accept these amendments, being
instructed by the committee.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is too late.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The gentleman from Ohio
moved this amendment this morning on his
own responsibility, as the Chair understands.
Mr. MAYNARD. Would it be in order to
move that the bill and pending amendments be
recommitted with instruction to report it back
accompanied by a report in writing?
The SPEAKER. It would not while the
gentleman from Ohio has the floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Ohio the importance, before
we are callod upon to act on a question like
this, that we have in writing deliberately set
forth the grounds upon which this action is
taken, not only for our own personal justifica-
tion, but in order that it may be circulated
through the region of the country where these
persons live, and that it may be known there
what are the principles upon which we act.
We cannot act here at hap hazard from mere
personal regard for this, that, or the other
man. We must establish some general prin-
ciple of action that shall pervade the whole
population, and extend our amnesty upon some
sort of rule that shall be known and recognized
by the country at large, and especially by that
portion of the population upon whom we de-
sire to act.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not feel disposed to
yield fuither. I am perfectly willing the House
shall make what disposition they please of this
bill. I beg leave to ^ay that the committee,
so far as the names inserted in the bill are
concerned—and I am not responsible for the
few names that were introduced here upon the
responsibility of members—but, so far as the
names incorporated in the printed bill are con-
cerned, the committee was entirely satisfied
of the propriety of reporting a bill for their
relief; and it arose, among other things, from
a communication made to the committee in
writing, setting forth the names of almost all
these persons, with the exception of Long-
street and Orr, and perhaps Mackey, of South
Carolina—a communication made in writing
from the secretary of the Union National Com-
mittee, setting forth the recommendations he
had from the localities, recommendations from
State conventions, and representations from
Republican committees of the position these
gentlemen hold.
I beg leave to add further, in regard to one
of the persons named in this bill, from North
Carolina for example, that we had information
before the committee that one of these gentle-
men named here had rendered very essential
service to our own soldiers when in prison at
Salisbury. Since this report was made I have
received myself two, if not more, communica-
tions from soldiers of my own State at Cincin-
nati, one of whom, I believe, is Colonel Davis,
though I speak only from memory, testifying
to the fact of personal relief that they expe-
rienced at the hands of this person while they
were in prison at Salisbury.
Mr. MULLINS. Will the gentlemen allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Oh, no ; the gentleman
must excuse me. I want to complete my state-
ment. I have no feeling about this matter.
Mr. MULLINS. I only wanted to ask the
name of the man who was good to our soldiers.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, I can give you the
name after a while. It is in the bill; you may
be assured of that.
I ask the House to consider that the whole
country is familiar with the services which
IIolden, the first name that we find in this bill,
rendered to our cause even before the surren-
der of the rebellion, and has rendered to it ever
since the surrender of the rebellion ; and to-day
he is a candidate, as I understand it, before the
people of North Carolina for Governor under
the new organization. Of course, if he is going
to be permitted to take his place and exercise
his functions as Governor at all in the event of
his election, Congress must relieve him from
this disability, assuming that the fourteenth
article of amendments is a part of the Consti-
tution.
Mr. LOGAN. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman a question, if he will permit me.
Mr. BINGHAM. Oh, yes; I will yield to
the gentleman.
Mr. LOGAN. Merely for my own satisfac-
tion, I desire to know what evidence there was
before the committee showing the repentance
of James L. Orr, of Soulh Carolina?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will state, as I was going
to state before the gentleman's inquiry, that
Governor Orr, of South Carolina, went into
the convention of that State, as the whole
country is advised, and made an open, strong,
earnest speech to the people, urging them to
carry out in good faith the requirements of the
act of Congress and reorganize their State
government; that he stands there at this hour
and is assailed to-day by every single sheet
that I have set my eyes on that still clings to
the "lost cause" for having done this thing.
Mr. LOGAN. What kind of a speech did
he make at the Philadelphia convention a year
ago last August denouncing the Constitution ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no doubt he made
a far worse speech in the confederate congress.
But it appeared to the committee that a man
who was elected Governor of the State over such
a man as Wade Hampton, who has made such
speeches there as Mr. Orr has made, has some
influence over the people at large. And the
committee thought it was well enough to arm
him with the power to influence others to fol-
low his example. Of course it is for this House
to say this is all unwise, if they think so ; and
if they do I shall have no quarrel about it with
anybody. I have only acted as the organ of
the committee in making this report.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will my colleague [Mr.
Bingham] allow me to make a suggestion in
regard to the disposition of this bill?
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well.
Mr. SCHENCK. I apprehend we are all
working toward the same end; at least T hope
so. There are a number of names embraced
in this bill. I have had some opportunity,
by extensive correspondence, to become ac-
quainted with the feelings of gentlemen in the
South, of citizens of the South, and also with
some of these men themselves. Now, while
there are in that list names of some men the
relieving of whom from disabilities would be
hailed with satisfaction North and South, there
are also there the names of some the relieving
of whom from disabilities would create
dissatisfaction, and justly so,. I think, in some
portions of the South.
The bill being made up of these names, and
having taken that form upon which we are now
generally agreed as being the most satisfactory*
in its recognition of the constitutional rule of
what shall be required to pass this bill, I would
suggest that it be printed and allowed to lie
over to a day certain some three or four weeks
hence, with a view of getting information from
the South, which will certainly pour in upon
us in relation to particular individuals. I hope
my colleague will consent to that arrangement.
I am very sure we shall hear from authentic
sources in the South both for and against some
of these names, with facts, statements, inform-
ation, &c.
Mr. BINGHAM. I always feel inclined to
yield to my colleague [Mr. Sciienck] for any
suggestion he may deem it proper to make.
But I will say to him—without intending to
cast any reflection upon him—that it should
have occurred to him that I myself cannot
consent to the suggestion he has made, because
it would be a reflection upon the action of the
committee whom I represent; an admission
that they had acted in this case without suf-
ficient evidence ; that they had brought a bill
before the House without anything to justify it;
a bill which was inopportune. Now, it is per-
fectly competent for my colleague to submit a
motion to accomplish the object he has in view,
when he shall have the opportunity, to recom-
mit the bill, to postpone it, or to do anything
else he may think best, in order to carry out
his purpose; and if that should be the pleasure
of the House, of course I would have nothing
to say either by way of complaint or otherwise.
But I think it my dut-y to ask that the House
shall act dirctly upon this bill, and if they
shall see fit to postpone the bill be it so ; if
they shall see fit to recommit the bill, be it so.
Mr. SCHENCK. My colleague does not
quite do me justice in this matter. I intended
no reflection upon his committee, as he cer-
tainly must understand. But it should be
borne in mind that each one of us must act
upon such information as he may have.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand that.
Mr. SCHENCK. And it must be recollected
that we have not, all of us, the information
that the committee has. But the difficulty is
that if any one of us knows, or believes he
knows, that there is in this list the name of
any man who should not have the relief here
proposed, he will bo forced to vote, reluctantly,
against the whole bill. Will my colleague
allow me to make the motion I have indicated,
and let the sense of the House be taken upon it?
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no objection, for
I have grown weary of all this.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move, then, that the
bill and pending amendments be printed, and
that the further consideration of it be post-
poned till this day three weeks.
Mr. MILLER. I suggest to the gentleman
from Ohio, that he amend his motion so as
to provide that the bill bo recommitted. It
may be proper that the committee should make
some alterations.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think the bill has as-
sumed a shape which is satisfactory, and that
there is no necessity for recommitting it.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. We might
as well pass the bill now as at any time.
Mr. MILLER. This is a very important
bill.
Mr, SCHENCK. I also move that the bill
be made a special order.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Tmustob- "
ject to making the bill a special order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Ohio the condition of
business in the House. If this bill be post-
poned for three weeks it may be reached before
the close of the session, but probably it will
not be, for the reason that there are three
bills 
Mr. SCHENCK. I will modify my motion
and move that the bill and amendments be
