1868,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
/2953
between two days and not be heard of in six
months. The district attorney will thus be left
entirely to the formal proof, and, under the
present law, the defendant has a right to require
a verdict ot acquittal of the jury, no matter
what the penalty may be. Under the propo-
sition I make ihe district attorney may say to
the court, " Here I am caught in this way. It
is no fault of mine. I believe there has been
connivance on the part of the defendant. I
wish to enter a nolle prosequi in order that a
case may be made again."
Mr. MULL-INS. is there nothing in thelaw
that allows a stay of proceedings when the party
is thus taken by surprise?
Mr. JENCKJES. There is not in criminal
cases. After the jury are sworn in and the case
is opened to them the defendant may demand
a verdict of acquittal. The discretion of the
Government is exhausted with the swearing in
of the jury. That is precisely the difficulty in
these revenue cases that this amendment is
intended to meet. It is not left to the discre-
tion of the district attorney, but there is discre-
tion under the advice and direction of the court.
They may consent in open court or the court
may sanction the motion of the district attor-
ney, and the order of the court will be nothing
more than an excuse for the district attorney for
a non-compliance with the provisions of the act.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. O'NEILL. If tl.e gentleman will with-
draw the amendment I will renew it.
Mr. JENCKES. Very well.
Mr. O'jN'EILL. Mr. Chairman, I had hoped
that the committee might have gone further in
the organization of these courts, where, I
believe, the trouble in all these cases has arisen.
There is a bad set of men surrounding the courts
—not the officers of the courts—and this has
led to great depletion of the Treasury. The
trouble commences in the criminal proceeding,
almost upon the entrance into the court, in the
grand jury-room, audi would like to have some
provision in the bill giving the district attorney
power to take his case before one grand jury,
and then, if necessary, before a succeeding
grand jury.
Mr. JENCKES. This gives it.
Mr. O'NEILL. I hope it does. I know in
our courts the trouble is not in the district attor-
ney ; it is not with the judge; but it has been
with the officer who subpoenas or calls the grand
jury. There have been instances where our dis-
trict attorney has not allowed cases to go before
a certain grand jury, and where there have been
the most renyirkable collisions between the
grand jury and the court and district attorney
that are known in criminal proceedings. The
trouble is not with the officers of the court,
but with those who have power to summon
grand juries. It is that body which is sur-
rounded by what is called the whisky ring. I
Know such to be the state of things in the
eastern district ot Pennsylvania, and that it is
in the marshal's office, and m the surroundings
of the grand jury, where the injury begins.
That is, perhaps, the reason why the district
attorneys and the courts themselves have been
criticised. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. MILLEIt. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether if one grand jury should ignore
a bill the case could not be sent up to another
grand jury?
Mr. O'NEILL. It could; but the trouble is
the delay.
Mr. PAINE. I offer the following as a sub-
stitute for the amendment of the gentleman
from Rhode Island, [Mr. Jexukes,] hopingihat
it will be satisfactory to him and to the com-
mittee:
That it shall bo lawful for the court at any stage
of such suit to continue the same lor good cause
rfiown on motion ot the district attorney.
Mr. JENCKES. Insert after the word
"suit " the words " or criminal proceeding.
Mr. PAINE. Very well; I will insert those
words.
Mr. JENCKES. 1 suggest to the gentle-
man that he add the words "or to allow a dis-
continuance of such suit.'1
Mr. PAINE. I am not "willing for one to
consent to that, and I hope the gentleman will
not press it.
Mr. JENCKES. This will cover the majority
of cases, I agree.
The question was taken on Mr. Paine's
amendment to the amendment; and it was
agreed to.
Mr. Jenckes7 amendment, as amended, was
then adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD. I offer the following
amendment:
On page 70, section fifty-seven, after the -word
Commissioner," in line nine, insert these words:
And in every case where a compromise is made
there shall be placed on file in-the office nf the Com-
missioner, the opinion of the solicitor, together with
a statement of the amount of tax assessed, the amount
of additional tax or penalty imposed by law in con-
sequence of the neglect or delinquency of the person
against whom the tax was assessed, and the amount
actually paid in accordance with the terms of the
compromise.
I trust that there will be no objection to this
amendment. One of the chief objections to
the whole compromise system has been that it
opened a door for all sorts of suspicion, if not
for actual fraud.
Mr. SCHENCK. If my colleague will allow
me, I will agree to that amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. All I want is this: that
the history of the compromise in each case
may be actually on file.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COBURN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the close of the section :
And any one violating the provisions of this section
shall be guilty of a felony and be fined in any sum
not less than $100 nor more than SI,000, and impris-
oned not less than one nor more than three years.
I will state briefly the object of this amend-
ment. There is a provision in the section
forbidding these compromises except under
certain circumstances. Now, that is all right.
It is not necessary for me to go into an argu-
ment to show that district attorneys do combine
with parties and procure frauds against the
revenue system. It is generally acknowledged
that these compromises are the principal source
of frauds in the collection of the revenue. But
it is useless to forbid compromises unless we
impose a penalty on the violation of this law.
This amendment, therefore, proposes that there
shall be a punishment of fine or imprisonment,
and the words k,upon conviction15 should be
inserted in the proper place. This section stand-
ing, as it does, without a provision creating a
penalty, would be like a provision forbidding
the crime of larceny, or the crime of murder,
or any other crime in the catalogue, and then
providingno penalty for it. What would be the
| use of forbidding larceny, perjury, or any other
crime, and not putting any penalty in the statute
to operate upon the offender? The amendment
1 have offered strikes at the offender. I think
no other section provides for the penalty.
Mr. SCHENCK. Scction sixty-two covers
the point the gentleman makes.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. CoeurxJ will withdraw his
amendment, as it is fully provided for by sec-
tion sixty-two.
Mr. COBURN. If that is the case I will
withdraw my amendment.
The amendment was accordingly withdrawn.
No further amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
SfcC. 53. Andbf it further cnactod, That it shall be
the duty of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
to establish such rules and regulations as may be
necessaiy, and not inconsistent with law, lor the
observanceoi revenueoflieers, district attorneys, and
marshals, respecting suits arising under the internal
revenue laws to which the United States is a party,
with a view to securing the jusfc responsibility ot
those officers, and the prompt collection of alt ic\-
enuesand debts due the United Sates under such
laws. On the institution ol any such suit or proceed-
ing, the distiict attorney or other counsel authorized
to onduct the same shall report to the toimms-
&ioner*ot Internal Revenue thetull particulars relat-
ing to such suit or proceeding; and immediately at
the end ot every term ot a court m which any such
suit or proceeding is or shall be pending, the said
district attorney or othercounsel shall iorward to the
Commissioner a full and particular statement ot tho
condition of such case.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the first
sentence of this section by striking out the
words il district attorneys " and inserting the
words11United States district attorney's clerks' ®
after the words 4 'for the observance of revenue
officers."
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 59. And be it further enacted, That in any caso
in which any fine, penalty, or forfeiture has been
recovered, the person whom the court shall determ-
ine to have first informed of the cause, matter, or
thing whereby such fine, penalty, or forfeiture was
incurred, shall be entitled to such share of thesam«
as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall by
general regulation provide, not exceeding a moiety,
nor more than $5,000 in any one case; and when any
sum is paid in lieu of penalty or forfeiture without
suit or before judgment, and a share of the same is
claimed by any person as informer, the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue shall determine whether, any
claimant is entitled to such share as above limited,
and to whom the same shall be paid. And no right,
shall accrue to any informer in any case until the
fine, penalty, or forfeiture is fixed by judgment or
compromise, and the amount or proceeds shall have
been paid, when the informer shall become entitled
to his share of the sum adjudged or agreed upon;
but nothing herein contained shall be construed to
limit or affect the power conferred by law to remit
the whole or any portion of a fine, penalty, or for-
feiture. In any case in which a punishment by fine
or imprisonment is provided for a violation of the
law, no share of any sum paid to the United States
in satisfaction of its demands shall be awarded or
paid to an informer except after due conviction of
the person charged with such offense and judgment
on such conviction. Any person who shall receive
money or anything of value under a threat to in-
form, or as a consideration for not informing of any
violation of the internal revenue laws, shall, on con-
viction thereof, be punished by a fine not less than
$500 nor more than $2,000, and by imprisonment not
less than six months nor more than three years.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the last
sentence of the section by striking out the
words "thereof, be punished by a fine not less
than §500 nor more than $2,000, and by impris-
onment, " and inserting in lieu thereof the
words '' be fined not less than $500 nor more
than $2,000, and imprisoned.'7
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend this section
by adding to it the following :
Provided, however, That when any sum is paid in
Hen of penalty or forfeiture, without suit, or beforo
judgment, sis provided for in this or any preceding
section, no less sum shall be received by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue or other collecting oflicer
than twice the amount of the regular tax.
If I can get the attention of the committee
for about a minute and a half, I think I can
explain this amendment to the satisfaction of
every one. I will explain the object of and the
necessity for my amendment. To-day some
oflicer detects an illicit shipment of whisky.
He seizes the liquor and has it placed in some
place of safety. Thepartiesshippingthewhisky,
finding themselves caught in their villainy and
rascality, come forward and pay their tax and
obtain the possession of their whisky again.
This is not an imaginary case. In my own town
thirty-odd barrels of whisky were seized ; and
when the parties found they could not do any
better, they came forward and paid the tax.
Now, while these men attempt to swindle the
Government out of the tax, they know very well
that, under the present management, if they are
caught in their attempt at fraud they are no
worse off than they would have been if they had
pard the tax before the shipment of the whisky.
Now, I propose that these men—I came very
near saying " these gentlemen," which would
have been a mistake—when they are caught in
these frauds shall not be allowed torcceive any
benefit from it, shall not be allowed to get off
with as Httle expense as though theybad been
honest and paid their tax before the^ liquor was
shipped. If you put this penalty in the law
they will at least not have their present induce-
ment to try to evade the law. I hope the
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know whether
there is anv particular objection to that. I hope
the words will be stricken out, "provided, how-
ever.'' One difficulty hi the law is the use ot
such words as "provided" and '"provided,
however." This does not limit anything. Make
it a distinct sentence.
