1930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
recommitted, with authority on the part of the
committee (I trust unanimous consent will be
given for this purpose) to report at any time
after to-day three weeks.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Re-
construction has now authority to report at any
"time. The Chair will continue the statement
he was making of the reason why this bill would
be delayed if postponed for three weeks. There
are three bills now before the House after the
morning hour, either by unanimous consent or
upon privileged motions; first, the bill for the
admission of the State of Alabama; second,
the bill concerning the rights of American citi-
zens in foreign States ; and third, a bill in re-
gard to sales of the public lands, pending upon
a motion to reconsider made by the gentleman
from Iudiana, [Mr. Julian.] When these bills
shall have been disposed of, then, if appropria-
tion bills do not consume the time of the House,
there are three other bills which were post-
poned to the 15th, the 21st, and the 28th of
January, respectively, and which have not yet
been reached. One is the bill of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] to estab-
lish a system of schools for the District of Co-
lumbia which shall serve as a model for similar
institutions throughout the nation. Another is
the bill of the same gentleman relative to dam-
ages done to loyal men, commonly known as
the "confiscation bill." Another is the bill of
the gentleman from Indi ma [Mr. Julian] in
regard to sales of the public lands. Then there
are other bills which may come in.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand, then, that
the Committee on Reconstruction has leave to
report at any time.
The SPEAKER. It has. The same reso-
lution which authorized the committee to em-
ploy a clerk authorized the committee to report
at any time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I modify my motion and
move that the bill and amendments be recom-
mitted with instructions to report the same
back with a brief statement in each case of the
reasons of the committee for recommending
the relief from disability of any of the persons
now named in the bill, or whose names they
may hereafter insert.
Mr. PA ENS WORTH. What objection has
the gentleman to passing the bill as it came
from the committee, leaving off the names that
have been added since? So far as regards the
men whose names were embraced in the bill
as reported from the committee their eases
were all examined by the committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will say, in answer to
the gentleman, that, as I am at present advised,
X should be compelled to vote against the bill,
for I think the committee have been deceived
in regard to one or two of the persons named
in the bill.
Mr. 1SOUTWELL. I hope, Mr. Speaker,
the House will not recommit this bill. So far
as concerns the men named in the bill I be-
lieve the committee gave to their cases all the
attention and investigation it was possible to
give. If we are to act in pursuance of the
fourteenth article of the amendments to the
Constitution, it is manifestly impossible for any
committee to report to this House from time
to time the reasons by which they may have
been governed in each individual case. In
regard to the removal of those disabilities
something must be taken by the House upon
trust, and something must be taken by the
country upon trust. The persons whose names
are reported by the committee embrace a very
small number. Many of them are persons
known to the House and to the country. For
one I am willing to make a beginning in the
■way of relieving these people from, their dis-
abilities, following it up as far and as fast as
they give evidence of a purpose to be loyal to
the Constitution and the Government of the
couutry.
Some of these persons are known to-day to
be of the highest character of merit. One
of them, Mr. Blackmer, of Rowan county,
North Carolina, has sacrificed more in the
cause of the Union than most of us, as ap-
pears from affidavits in possession of the com-
mittee, made by soldiers of the Union Army.
Others are persons who have already per-
formed good service in the work of reconstruct-
ing the governments of those States in the in-
terest of the Union. I am anxious for one,
while I mean to insist on exercising the full
powers of the Government for the establish-
ment of loyal institutions in all this region of
country—I am anxious for one, sir, the nation
shall say to these people that when they do
their duty to the country we will be just and
generous to them. Therefore, I hope this bill
will not in any way be postponed ; that it will
not be recommitted, but we will take the re-
sponsibility by a two-thirds vote of relieving
these people, not more than twenty of them,
as reported by the committee.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman from
Ohio yield to me ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly; I wish only
to say one word in reply to the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
make a remark or two because I differ with
some of my friends in regard to this bill, and
wish to give my reasons for my position. I am
willing to relieve those persons who are enti-
tled to be relieved, that is those of whom we
have evidence they have done works meet for
repentance.
Now, sir, I would like to know what evidence
we have of the repentance of James L. Orr? I
know that Mr. Longstreet, called General Long-
street, wrote a letter accepting the situation.
Ipresumeevery rebel general would writeone to
be relieved from disability under the law. If
we propose to extend forgiveness to those who
fought, not in defense of the country but in bit-
ter opposition to it, simply because they may
write a letter expressing repentance, then, sir,
I say wo propose to give more to those men
than we give to those who have never lost any
blood in opposition to this Government.
I want first to see the facts which will induce
mo to vote for such a proposition as this. I
know that .Tames L. Orr is willing to execute
the laws; but, sir, has he anywhere shown that
he is favorable to the existing laws of this coun-
try ? I know plenty of men who deserve it if
we want to relieve men from these disabilities.
Why, sir, Judge Humphreys, of Iluntsville,
Alabama, is a man who suffered in a rebel
prison because of his devotion to the Union.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will my colleague
allow me to say a word about Governor Orr?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to say to
my colleague this much in regard to Governor
James L. Orr. We all understand and know
very well he was a member of the rebel con-
gress, and, no doubt, during the rebellion
sympathized with it. Whether he was forced
into it or not, he sympathized with it during
its progress. I wish, however, to say this much
in regard to him since the war, and I have
it from the officers wdio commanded that de-
partment. General Sickles, whose judgment
on a matter of this kind no one will gainsay,
has declared that Governor Orr is one of the
best men among them all in the South. He
has more heartily and cheerfully accepted the
situation. He lias striven as hard as he could
to bring the minds of the people to a cheerful
acquiescence in the laws of Congress. It is
true, Mr. Orr went to the Philadelphia con-
vention. 1 do not think that is past forgive-
ness. A member of this House went to that
convention, and was afterward received into a
Republican caucus in this House. Governor
Orr has stood by General Sickles. When the
President relieved General Sickles from the
command of that department Governor Orr
wrote a letter expressing his profound regret.
Mr. LOGAN. I decline to yield further.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will finish my
remarks hereafter.
Mr. LOGAN. I wanted to give my reasons;
the gentleman can give his. I was stating in
reference to Mr. Orr that I had seen nothing
myself indicating repentance on his part. So
far as the mere fact of his bowing a willing
obedience to the law is concerned, that is what
each and every man ought to do, and is bound
to do, especially when the military forces are
there to make him do it. There is not one
particle of evidence that I have yet seen show-
ing that James L. Orr has changed one opin-
ion that he ever entertained when he was a
member of the rebel congress. And there is
nothing to show that Mr. Longstreet, com-
monly called General Longstreet, has ever
changed one opinion that he ever entertained
while he was plotting in behalf of the confed-
eracy or fighting against his country's flag.
He accepts the situation. He is willing now
to go on and continue the Government, but ho
does not tell you he is satisfied that he was
wrong when he was fighting against the Gov-
ernment.
Sir, the kind of repentance I want is an
acknowledgment of the wrong. When we
relieve such persons and bring them under the
folds of our flag while they cherish the same
sentiments of rebellion and secession in their
hearts that they entertained during the war
we virtually say to them that their attempt to
destroy the Government was no such treason as
calls for repentance of their wrongs. I am not
willing to do it. So far as Governor Holden
is concurned I am willing to say this: he
and I were friends before the war, and we have
corresponded since the war. He has written
to me frequently, and I have written to him,
in reference to the best manner of producing
peace and harmony in this country. Since the
close of the war he has evinced loyalty. Prior
to that time I cannot speak in regard to his
acts. But he has shown that he desires for-
giveness for the wrongs he committed. He is
willing to say he was wrong. These other
men say no such thing, and never have said it,
as I understand. Now, are we to go hunting
around the southern States for subjects of for-
giveness? Gentlemen say ought to show these
people that we are willing to forgive and
forget. I am as willing as any man to do
justice. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Boutwbll] says some of these people
suffered equally as much, perhaps, as any on
our side suffered.
Mr. BOUTWELL. If the gentleman will
allow me, I have referred to but one person
whose name is in that bill, and who, upon the
affidavits of officers of the Union Army, did
great service to the Union cause during the
progress of the war at the hazard of his life.
Mr. LOGAN. I would like to see him
relieved. He is of the class that I am willing
to see relieved. But I do not propose, so far
as my vote is concerned, to open the door
right at the start and relieve those who were
leaders in the rebellion. When you do it, I
ask you to tell me what argument you can
give for not relieving General Lee? What
evidence have you that he does not accept the
situation? No more than you have in regard
to these other men. I tell you you are opening
the door for removing the disabilities of Gen-
eral Lee and the leaders in the rebellion.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman will
allow me, there is a class of men in the rebel
States who are not rebels, who are Union men
and were Union men all the time, but who for
the purpose perhaps of protection, and in
order to secure a little pittance, held some
small, insignificant office, which operates tech-
nically to their disqualification. Now, that
class of persons, if we can find them, ought
to be relieved. I do not suppose they are very
numerous, but I know there are such persons.
Mr. LOGAN. I have no doubt of it, and I do
not object to them ; I aui ready to-day to re-
lieve ail those who are entiiled to relief, but I
am not so anxious to run and at one leap seize
these rebels by the hair of their heads and
drag them in. I propose to wait till they ask
to be taken in.
Now, sir, let us see to whom this bill applies.
Here is Governor Brown, of Georgia; it is said
he is a loyal man, has evinced Union sentiments
and love of country. Sir, Governor Brown is
