546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
cause Congress have the right to say that three
judges, or five judges, or six judges, or ten
judges, shall constitute the Supreme Court, or
that only one judge shall constitute that court,
have they, therefore, the right to go into the
court and say that those judges shall not de-
cide anything unconstitutional which Congress
may do? No, sir. Yet the other day that
seemed to be the idea.
Now, I had supposed—in fact I yet think
that it is perhaps so—I had not doubted that
the distinguished gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] was looked to by his party as the
Elishaupon whose shoulders the mantle of their
Elijah should fall when their great prophet
should be taken from them. And when I heard
him get up on this floor and announce that Con-
gress in 1789 had passed an act conforming in
principle to the one then under consideration,
limiting the power of the Supreme Court, or
sanctioning it in any form, it staggered me.
Yet when we come to examine it what is that
act? It provides that the court shall consist
of six judges, of whom four shall constitute a
quorum. Which simply means thatfour judges
should hold the power of the court, a majority
of whom, or three of them, should decide all
questions, constitutional or otherwise. That
is, one half of the whole numbers of judges
may control the decisions of that court upon
all questions if only a quorum be present.
And when I heard the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] get up here and claim that all
powers were in this Congress, that it was con-
stitutional for Congress to prevent the Presi-
dent from being the Commander-in-Chief of
the Army and Navy, that Congress has the
power to prevent the Supreme Court from
being the supreme judicial power of the land,
1 am convinced that he is very far from being
infallible. And when I look over the argu-
ments made by him in years past, especially
in the great conspiracy trial, while he was act-
ing as Judge Advocate, and find him using the
following argument:
_ " It is argued here, through many pages, by a dis-
tinguished Senator and a distinguished lawyer, that
the order of the President—by whose authority alone
this court is constituted a tribunal of military jus-
tice—is unlawful. If unlawful, it is Void and of no
effect, and has created no court; therefore this body
not being a court can have no more power to decide
any question whatever than have its individual
members power to decide that they as men do not in
fact exist. It is a maxim of the common law, the
perfection of human reason, that what is impossible
the law requires of no man. How can it be possible
that a judicial tribunal can decide the question that
it does not exist any more than that a rational man
can decide that he does not exist."
I can understand how he could pursue the
line of argument used in his debate with the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall;]
and the argument urged by him on this bill,
that because Congress can pass laws to estab-
lish rules and regulations for the Army and
Navy—which is clearly in its constitutional
sphere—therefore it has aright to do anything
it pleases; for it represents the people, and the
people are omnipotent.
N ow, sir, the whole thing is this: when you
take the ground taken by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevexs,] who is himself
opposed to this bill, that these are a conquered
people, and therefore you have the right to do
as you please with them, for they are outside
of the Constitution—when you leave that
ground, then you are at a loss for consistent
arguments, and I suppose this Congress is not
yet prepared to come up to that position.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not mean to ask the
gentleman a question ; but let me give him
notice that in the argument which he does me
the honor to quote from, I expressly myself
took the distinction he undertakes to take him-
self.
Mr. BECK. I did not read all of the gen-
tleman's speech.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then you ought not to
have quoted from it.
Mr. BECK. What I did read is in it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I was then speaking not
in regard to the plea to the jurisdiction, but in
regard to whether it was a court or not.
' Mr. BECK. I have read it as a part of your
speech, and it is there.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. BECK. I say it is in that speeh, and I
have read it from that speech.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman from Ohio has
been guilty of unparlimentary language.
The SPEAKER. State it.
Mr. WOOD. He has charged falsehood
upon the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman is entirely
mistaken ; I did no such thing.
Mr. BECK. I did not so understand it, or
I should have answered him in a different
manner.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have endeavored to
show, in a very hurried way, because in going
over this great question it is impossible to dis-
cuss everything—I have endeavored to show,
sir, that the minority of the committee were
right in taking the ground that each and every
provision of the bill before the House is uncon-
stitutional, because it asserts there were no
civil governments in those States, and because
it attempts to prevent the Executive and the
judicial power from interfering, and by virtue
of the power and authority vested in them by
the Constitution, protecting the people of
these States from legislative usurpation.
I want to call the attention of the House, for
I have not time to read much, to the case of
( Marbury vs. Madison, where the Supreme Court
i has defined its own powers and announced what
| its duties, privileges, and rights are whenever |
I Congress attempts to pass any unconstitutional :
act. There is no more right, as I have attempted j
to show, for us to say in the first section of this
bill that the court shall not recognize these
, State governments as legal or valid, thatit shall
i not pass upon that question, that no judicial
j power is vested in them to do so, than for that
court to say to this Congress that it shall not
i pass any law. In the case of Marbury vs. Madi-
son the court uses the following language : :
] "The question whether an act repugnant to the
Constitution can become the law of the land, is a
question deeply interesting to the United States; but
happily not of an intricacy proportioned to its in- |
, terest. It seems only necessary to recognize certain 11
principles supposed to have been long and well es- j
i tablished to decide it. I
i _ "That the people have an original right to cstab- j
lish lor their future government, such principles as,
in their opinion, shall most conduce to their own
happiness, is the basis on which the whole American
fabric has been erected. The exercise of this original
right is a very great exertion; nor can it, nor ought
it to be frequently repeated. The principles, there-
fore, so established are deemed fundamental. And
as the authority from which they proceed is supreme
and can seldom act, they are designed to be perma-
nent. This original and supreme will organizes the
Government, and assigns to different departments
their respective powers. It may either stop here or
establish certain limits not to be transcended by those
departments.
"The Government of the United States is of the
latter description. The powers of the Legislature
are defined and limited; and that those limits may
not be mistaken or forgotten the Constitution is writ-
ten. To what purpose are powers limited, and to
what purpose is that limitation committed to writing,
if these limits may, at any time, be passed by those
intended to be restrained ? The distinction between
a Government with limited.and unlimited powers is
abolished if those limits do' not confine the persons
on whom they are imposed, and if acts prohibited
and acts allowed are of equal obligation. It is a
proposition too plain to be contested that the Consti-
tution controls any legislative act repugnant to it,
or that the Legislature may alter the Constitution
by an ordinary act. Between these alternatives there
is no middle ground.* The Constitution is either a
superior paramount law, unchangeable by ordinary
means, or it is on a level with ordinary legislative
acts, and, like other acts, is alterable when the Legis-
lature shall please to alter it. If the former part of
the alternative be true, then a legislative act con-
trary to the Constitution is not law; if the latter part
be true, then written constitutions are absurd at-
tempts on the part of the people to limit a power in
its own nature illimitable. Certainly all those who
have framed written constitutions contemplate them
as forming the fundamental and paramount law of
the nation, and consequently the theory of every
such government must be that an act of the Legisla-
ture repugnant to the Constitution is void.
This theory is essentially attached to a written
constitution, and is consequently to be considered
by this court as one of the fundamental principles
of our society. It is not, therefore, to be lost sight
of in the further consideration of this subject. If an
act of the Legislature, repugnant to the Constitution,
is void, does it, notwithstanding its invalidity, bind
the courts, and oblige them to give it effect ? Or, in
other words though it be no law does it constitute a
rule as operative as if it was a law ? This would be
to overthrow, in fact, what was established in the-
ory ; ajid would seem, at first view, an absurdity too
gross to be insisted on. It shall, however, receive a
more attentiveconsideration. It is emphatically the
province and duty of the judicial department to say
what the law is. Thoso who apply the rule to par-
ticular eases, must, ot necessity, expound and inter-
pret that rule. If two laws conflict with cacli other
the courts must decide on the operation of each. So,
if a law be in opposition to the Constitution; if both
the law and ttie Constitution apply to a particular
case, so that the court must cither decide that case
conformably to tho law, disregarding the Constitu-
tion, or eont'ormably to the Constitution, disregard-
ing the law, tha court must determine which ot tlieso
conflicting rules governs the case. This isof tho very
essence ot judicial duty.
" If, then, the courts are to regard the Constitution,
and the Constitution is superior to any ordinary act
ot the Legislature, the Constitution, and not such
ordinary act, must govern the case to which they both
apply.
" ThosC then, who controvert the principle that
the Constitution is to be considered in court as a
paramount law are reduced to the necessity of main-
taining that courts must close their eyes on the Con-
stitution and see only the law.
" This doctrine would subvertthe very foundation
of all written constitutions. It would declare that
an act which, according to the principles and theory
of our Government, is entirely void, is yet in prac-
tice completely obligatory. It wouid declare that
if the Legislature shall do what is expressly forbid-
den, such act, notwithstanding the express prohib-
ition, is in reality effectual. It would be giving to
the Legislature a practical and real omnipotence,
with the same breath which professes to restrict their
powers within narrow limits. It is prescribing limits,
and declaring that those limits may be passed at
pleasure.
"That it thus reduces to nothing what wo have
deemed the greatest improvement on political insti-
tutions, a written constitution, would of itself be suf-
ficient in America, where written constitutions have
been viewed with so much reverence, for rejeoting
the construction. But the peculiar expressions of
the Constitution of the United States luruish addi-
tional arguments in favor of its rejection.
"The judicial power of the United States is ex-
tended to all cases arising under the Constitution.
Could it be the intention ot those who gave this power
to say that in using it the Constitution should not be
looked into ? That a case arising under the Consti-
tution should be decided without examining the in-
strument under which it arises ? This is too extrav-
aganfrto be maintained."
********* *
"Why does a judge swear to discharge his duties
agreeably to the Constitution of the United States if
that Constitution forms no rule for his government—
if it is closed upon him, and cannot be inspected by
him? If such be the real state of things this is worse
than solemn mockery. To prescribe or to take this
oath becomes equally a crime.
"It is also not entirely unworthy of observation
that in declaring what shall be the supreme law of
the land the Constitution itself is first mentioned,
and not the laws of the United States generally, but
those only which shall be made in pursuance ot the
Constitution have that rank.
" Thus the particular phraseology of'the Constitu-
tion of the United States confirms and strengthens
the principle supposed to be essential to all written
constitutions, that a law repugnant to tho Constitu-
tion is void, and that courts, as well as other depart-
ments, are bound by that instrument."
Then I assert that decision lays down the
doctrine that the first section of this bill say-
ing that the Supreme Court shall have no cog-
nizance is in violation of what is the known
decision of the Supreme Court where it has
set forth fully what are its rights; and I assert
that court can, and will, and ought, whenever
the question comes before it, to take cogni-
zance of any law no matter when, how, or by
whom passed. And this Congress, in my
judgment, is passing its proper bounds when-
ever it attempts to say to a coordinate depart-
ment of this Government it shall not decide
this, that, or the other. That is for the court;
that is for the judicial power, and it is because
that power is sought to be annulled that we
deny the power of Congress to do it.
Thii^bill also attempts to take away the
power of the President of the United States as
Commander-in-Chief under the Constitution of
the Army and Navy. What does it say ? It
says in substance that every military com-
mander, every subordinate of the President,
shall have the right and power to do what he
pleases with these people, to try them before
courts-martial, deprive them of their liberty
and property, divest them of their rights, with-
out appeal from their order, however flagrant it
may be, except to a general in the Array him-
self a subordinate, when the Executive swears
under the Constitution that he will see that the
laws are faithfully executed, and that no man
