3978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
and confine myself to the pending question.
I will endeavor to comply with my promise.
I find 110 warrant in the Constitution for the
powers sought to be conferred by this resolu-
tion on the Congress of the United States. It
provides that each State shall appoint, in such
maimer as the Legislature thereof may direct,
a number of electors equal to the whole num-
ber of Senators and Representatives to which
the State maybe entitled iu Congress; that
they shall meet in their respective States and
vote by ballot for President and Vice Presi-
dent, inss.lviufj distinct lists of all persons voted
for as President, and of all persons voted for
as Vice President, and of the number of votes
for each, which lists they shall sign and certify,
and transmit sealed to the President of the
Senate, who shall, in the presence of the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives, open all the
certificates, and the votes shall then be counted,
the person having the greatest number of votes
shall be President, kc. The opening of the
certificates and counting the votes is the only
power Congress has. unless it be the power to
determine the time of choosing the electors, and
the day oil which they shall give their votes,
which day shall be the same throughout the
United States. From what source, then, does
Congress derive the power or authority to pass
such a resolution as is now proposed?
But flagrantly wrong as the Senate resolution
is, the amendment proposed by the Recon-
struction Committee is infinitely worse. The
Senate excluded from the operation of the
resolution the States lately iu rebellion which
are now represented in Congress ; the proposed
amendment brings within its provision the
States of Arkansas, North Carolina, and Flor-
ida, whose Representatives arc now occupying
seats here and at the other end of the Capitol,
whether rightfully or wrongfully I do not care
to consider now. They are here—admitted, I
suppose, with the same rights and privileges as
any of us. The States they represent are
eithercoeqn.il States with all the others, or their
Representatives are not properly on this floor.
What right, then, has this House to say that the
electors chosen in accordance with the laws of
these States shall not have the same rights and
be entitled to the same privileges as the electors
appointed or elected in any other State? Are
these States still unreconstructed? Are they
still in vassalage to Congress ? Are they exist-
ing only so long as they shall continue to vote
and act in all things as the majority here may
dictate ? I have no doubt the whole meaning
and purpose of the resolution and the amend-
ment is to count as valid all such electoral
votes from all these States as may be cast for
General Grant, and on some pretext or other
to reject all such as may be cast against him,
and the sooner the country understands it the
better. Tennessee is expressly excluded from
the operation of this resolution. Perhaps it is
understood that she has been so managed and
her people so far disfranchised that her vote is
safe, while that of Arkansas. North Carolina,
and Florida, as well as that of the other south-
ern States, cannot be controlled even under
the process of reconstruction to which they
have been subjected.
The resolution is artfully drawn so as to
invest Congress with full power to do whatever
may be necessary in determining whether the
electoral vote shall be counted or not, and the
gentleman who presented the amendment will
not deny that I have stated truly the meaning
and object of the amendment proposed. In
order to extend the power of Congress over the
electoral votes of the ten States of the South
as far as possible, this iesolution sets aside the
reconstruction acts of Congress, and not only
allows the Senate and House of Representa-
tives when assembled to count the electoral
votes, to admit or reject the votes ot such of
the southern States as shall by law be admitted
to representation in the Congress of the United
States, but of all such as shall be entitled to be
admitted to such representation. Of course,
whether they are entitled to be so admitted
will depend altogether upon how they cast
their electoral votes. Tf they vote for Grant,
they will be considered as entitled, if against
him they will not be entitled; not even the
now fully-admitted States of North Carolina,
Arkansas, and Florida. In this way the two
Houses when assembled simply to count the
vote will determine, not in their legislative
capacity, but as a convention, all the legal
questions relating to these States, the recon-
struction laws to the contrary notwithstanding.
The fifth section of the act of March 2, 1837,
after setting forth iu detail what the southern
States shall be required to do as indispensable
prerequisites to their readmission, says alter
all these things are done :
"Said State shall bo declared entitled to repre-
sentation in Congress, and Senators and Represent-
atives shall be admitted theretrom on their taking
(he oath prcsoiibed by law, and then and thereafter
the preceding sections of this act shall bo inopera-
tive in said States.''
Section six provides that until the people of
said rebel States shall be by law admitted to
representation in the Congress ot the United
States any civil governments which may exist
therein shall be deemed provisional only, and
in all respects subject to the paramount author-
ity of the United States at any time to abolish,
modify, control, or supersede the same; yet in
defiance of this, their own favorite measure,
the majority here now propose to couut the
votes of all the southern States that may hap-
pen to east their electoral votes for General
Grant, whether they have been admitted or
not, their vote being the requisite evidence
that they are entitled to admission, and to
reject the electoral vote even of North Caro-
lina, Arkansas, and Florida, though now fully
admitted, notwithstanding the provisions of
the fifth section, which I have read, declaring
all the reconstruction acts inoperative as soon
as the States are admitted, if these admitted
States shall, as they will, cast their votes
against the Radical candidate.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BOUTWELL. I now demand the pre-
vious question, and after it is seconded, 1 will
reply to remarks made by gentlemen oil the
other side.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask for a division on
seconding the previous question. I do not
think the House is prepared to second it.
The question being taken, there were—ayes
81, noes 22.
So the main question was seconded.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I only wanted to see
how many Democrats were out ot their places.
[Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Every
oneisout of his place that is here. [Laughter.]
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. 1)0 UI WELL. I do not wish to occupy
much time in debate. The House will bear
witness that I was brought into the political
discussion by the question or series of questions
which were put by the gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Eldridqe.] But now I have a
few observations to tnake upon those matters
which have been introduced during the discus-
sion on the one side and the other.
Thegentlemanfroin New Y ork [Mr. Brooks]
was pleased to speak of me personally and of
gentlemen on this side of the House as having
in times past disregarded the laws of the land.
Sir, I know of no such case. And when I
speak of myself personally I speak also of the
party to which I belong. We have obeyed the
laws at all times and under all circumstances,
when, as I am free to confess, those laws were
disagreeable in their character and of doubtful
constitutionality. But can the gentleman say
as much for himself and for his associates? In
18G0, by the strictest observance of the Consti-
tution and laws ofthe country we elected Abra-
ham Lincoln, of Illinois, President of the Uni-
ted States. Three months before his inaugura-
tion the State which %vas the champion of the
ancient, pro-slavery, secession, disunion Dem-
ocracy passed an ordinance of secession from
the Union in violation of the laws and of the
Constitution of the country, and followed by
ten other of these eleven States, for four long
years under the lead of the Democracy of the
South, and with the sympathy, cooperation,
and support of the Democracy of the North,
carried on a war aggressive always, and some-
times formidable, against the laws and Consti-
tution of the country.
Mr. MARSHALL. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a very short time?
Mr. BO (JTWELL. I have only a few min-
utes. ' The chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations gives me notice that in twenty
minutes he will bring up a question of privi-
lege which will take me from the floor. J.heie-
fore I cannot yield.
Mr. MARSHALL. The gentleman has put
a very pertinent question to this side of the
House.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I am notputtinga ques-
tion ; I am stating facts.
Mr. MARSHALL. I wish to say a single
word if the gentleman will permit me.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Very well.
Mr. MARSHALL. I have heard these
charges frequently made against the Democ-
racy of the northern States of their having
directly or indirectly taken part in secession or
rebelliou; but,, sir, they are not sustained by
facts, as every intelligent man in the country
must know. There were a few men in the
North that did, at Charleston, when the Demo-
cratic party was unfortunately broken up, in-
augurate a movement in that direction, gen-
tlemen who were inclined for a time to act
with the secession party in going into rebel-
lion. But they were very few in number, while
the entire party in the North neither directly
nor indirectly took part in the rebellion. On
the other hand, thousands and thousands laid
down their lives in defense of the Union and
the Constitution, by which they have stood at
all times. The few who stood by the seces-
sion movement in the South were not in affili-
ation with the Democratic party, but are act-
ing with the Republican or Radical party to-
day.
The great body of the Democratic party of
the North have been true to the Union, the
Constitution, and the enforcement of the laws
at all times. They opposed the rebels when in
arms, and they are opposed to rebels called
now the Radical party, when by an unfortu-
nate coincidence of circumstances they have
control of the legislation of this country, and
have disregarded the Constitution and have
been for three years trampling it beneath their
unhallowed feet. The gentleman cannot point
to the action of the Democratic party anywhere
in the North in any State, or in any organiza-
tion anywhere giving enconragement to the
rebels while in arms against the Constitution
and the Union. The charge is not only not
true, but every gentleman of intelligence in this
country must know that it has no foundation
in fact. Mr. Lincoln himself time and again
acknowledged that if it had not been for the
Democratic party at the North the rebels in the
South must have been successful in their efforts
to break up the Government, or rather to with-
draw from it and set up a separate government.
He time and again acknowledged that, and it
can be proved. And he remarked at one time
to a distinguished gentleman, in the presence
of a Radical member of this House, that the
gentlemen of his own party were very good at
resolutions and long prayers, but if it was not
for the stubborn valor ofthe Democracy of the
North the Union would have been compelled
to go down before the rebellion.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I resume the floor.
The gentleman cannot have forgotten the letter
of his leader, Franklin Pierce, of the 16tli ot
January, 1801. lie cannot have forgotten the
letter of his associate upon this lloor, when
mayor of the city of New York, to the author-
ities of Savannah, in the State of Georgia. He
cannot have forgotten the resolution of the
convention at Chicago in August, 1804, declar-
ing the war a failure and demanding a cessa-
tion of hostilities. He cannot have forgotten
the riots ofthe 2d and 3d of July ,1863, in the
city of New York, when his candidate for the
