1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3979
President;}' addressed the rioters of that, city who
had kindled the flames of war in the commercial
metropolis of the country and murdered chil-
dren and unoffending persons—addressed those
men, then reeking with the crimes from which
they had just come, as '' my friends." lie can-
not have forgotten the hostility which his polit-
ical associates throughout the North manifested
to the enforcement of the draft. Ho cannot
have forgotten the sympathetic speeches that
were made upon the floor of this House in the
Thirty-Eighth and Thirty-Ninth Congresses.
He cannot have forgotten the declarations of
the press in various parts of the country repre-
senting the Democratic party, denouncingevery
measure lor the prosecution of the war and hold-
ing up the generals of the Army and the men
intrusted with civil affairs to the odium of the
people of the country and to the anathemas of
the world. More than this, to-day the party with
which he cooperates is sympathizing with rebels.
They demand the prostration of the loyal people
of the South, black and white, and the restora-
tion to authority in those States of the men
who had been engaged in the rebellion. Let
me read; and you, raen who fought at Shiloh,
you who were encamped before Vieksburg in
18G3, you who returned maimed and wounded
from the bloody fields of Antietam and Gettys-
burg, you who marched with Sherman from the
mountains to the sea, you who remain of that
bloody band who fought the battles of the
Wilderness and who finally at Appo'mattox
Court-House saw the surrender of Lee and the
end of the rebellion, listen to what the organ
of the Democratic party, on the 4th of J uly,
1868, under the influence of the rebels assem-
bled in council at Tammany Hall, said to the
people of New York and of the country con-
cerning the men who inaugurated the rebellion,
and whom you subdued in arms. I read from
the New York World, and first the heading:
"tub delegatus."
"personal description op the members of tue
convention."
"theie record of services to the nation."
The men on whom the Republic relies for
salvation.
First:
"Hon. John A. Winston is also an ex-Governor, a
merchant at Mobile, was an old-line Wliig, sup-
ported Douglas m 18(50; was colonel of the mnety-
lirst Alabama infantry, C. S. A."
Then comes:
"James H. Clanton is chairman of tho "Democratic
State executive committee, an old-line Whig, Doug-
las elector, during the war was a general ol cavalry
in the confederate scrvice."
That is his "record of services to the na-
tion!" He is one of the men on whom the
Republic relies for salvation in the estimation
of the friends of the gentleman from Illinois.
Here still further from South Carolina, in
this record of men on whom the Republic relies
for salvation, listen to the record of the services
of General Wade Hampton to the nation :
"lie heads the delegation. lie was one of the
most prominent cavalry generals on the southern
side dui ing the war. lie is unquestionably the lead-
ing man in South Carolina, and tills more nearly than
any other the place left vacant by Calhoun in the
hearts of the white people."
Mr. MULLINS. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him a moment.
Mr. BOUT WELL. No, not now. These
are the men on whom the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Marshall] and his associates rely
"for the salvation of the Ilepublic." Yes,
they are the men on whom the Democracy
relies for the salvation of the Republic, accord-
ing to their ideas of salvation. And they are
as much in error in regard to salvation in this
world as I have no doubt they are in regard
to salvation in another state of existence.
Mr. WASHBURNli, of Illinois, iliopethe
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwkll]
will allow another extract to be read in regard
to another distinguished member of the Demo-
cratic party.
Mr. BOUT WELL. I will yield to the gen-
tleman lor that purpose.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope the gentleman will
also allow to be read some extracts I have from
letters written by Governor Holden, of North
Caiolina.
Mr. WASUBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
Clerk to read the extract I send up to his desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
"gi.nbkal n. b. forrkst.
"General Forrestis the hero of thoXennesseedele-
gation and divides attention in tho convention with
Wado Hampton. As a cavalry officer ho had no
equal in tho war, and even now as he moves up and
down the hall his tall, handsome figure looming up.
and his line face lit: the samo old soldier spirit is
strong within the man, and he evidently mistakes
the secretary's voice for a bugle-call, and his nature
will not let him keep still or steadfast in one place.
The general, although in the costume of a civilian,
has about him the look of one who wants to bo aceu-
pied and doing something. His manner is free and
pleasing, with a characteristic bunhommie which is
quite taking with all whom he is introduced to. lie
does not say much at present, and cannot sit quietly
because of his nature, but will be heard of, no doubt,
before the convention closes."
Mr. MULLINS. That is the hero of the
bloody massacre at Fort Pillow.
Mr. BO UTWELL. I have now said enough
to show that the Democratic party were in
sympathy with the men who inaugurated this
rebellion; that they were in sympathy with the
men who carried it on ; that they are now in
sympathy with the men who propose to inaug-
urate another rebellion, of whom the leader
is Frank Blair.
1 say this to the people of the country: when
you look at the bills reported by the Committee
on Appropriations and find §30,000,000 for
pensions to the widows and orphans of the
dead, and to the wounded and maimed of the
living, know that it is the Democratic party
which has imposed this responsibility of justice
and benevolence upon you. When the tax-
gatherer comes and demands five per cent, of
the income of each man in this country, that,
is the tribute which you pay for the supremacy
of the Democracy up to the year 1801. When
you are called upon to appropriate $130,000,000
a year to meet the interest upon tho public debt,
that is the penalty the people of this country
pay for having so long confided their interests
to the Democratic party. When the figures are
presented to your considoration, representing
the present amount of the national debt,
$2,500,000,000, then remember that that is a
burden upon you and your posterity for the
folly of four generations in intrusting the pub-
licinterests to the care of the Democratic party.
The cemeteries of the dead, South andNorth,
filled with the humble testimonials there raised
to the memory of the men who fell in defense
of the Union, are sacred and affecting evidence
of the penalty, O people of America! which
you have paid for intrusting the destinies of
this country to a party that acknowledged fealty
to nothing but the right of States to tyrannize
over an oppressed people and to enslave four
millions of human beings. Those four millions
of people, by the grace of God and against the
protest of the Democratic party, have been
emancipated and made citizens of the Republic.
And now, in this last struggle, we are mov-
ing to the consummation of the great work we
have in hand, which is that those whom we
have redeemed from slavery shall be endowed
with all the rights of men,—rights guarded by
the power of forty million of people, who have
learned the lessons of truth and of freedom in
defiance of the teachings of the Democratic
party of this country.
Mr. MARSHALL. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a minute?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I have agreed to yield
to the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, [Mr. Souekuk.] 1 have already
yielded to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Mahsiiall.]
„ Mr. SOHENCK. I will yield a minute to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall,]
and 1 will keep him to his minute.
Mr. MARSHALL. Well, that is very lib-
eral to gentlemen on this side of the House.
I can now only say that this is one of probably
a hundred or a thousand times that 1 have been
compelled to sit here and listen to the most
gross and unfounded libels upon the Demo-
cratic party, and under the power of the ma-
jority we have had no opportunity to reply.
I wish to say now to the House and to the coun-
try that there is a forum where we will be able
to be heard on equal terms. The great mass
of the people of the country will be at the polls
in November next, and there we will brand
these libels as they deserve; there we will meet
our accusers and rebut their unfounded calum-
nies. We have no opportunity of doing so
here, under the outrages practiced by the
majority in depriving the minority of their
just, rights in debate. Thus the most out-
rageous libels and falsehoods may be promul-
gated from day to day, we being deprived of
the opportunity to meet and refute them. I
appeal to the people of the country to observe
the manner in which the minority are treated
here from day to day ; and I remind gentlemen
on the other side that there is a forum where
we shall be heard—a forum before which we
will fasten upou the party that has held pos-
session of the Government for the last eight
years the atrocities of which they have been
guilty ; and they will receive at the hands of
an indignant people the verdict which they
deserve.
Mr. SOHENCK. Mr. Speaker, we accept
that appeal to the people and to the polls. We
shall be there to meet these threats made in
18(32, repeated in 1804, rehearsed again in 1800,
and now revived in 1868—to meet them with
the same result, the putting down by the power
of the people of men who have assailed every
interest of the country and sought to betray the
loyal men of the nation into the hands of the
country's enemies.
Mr. MARSHALL. If gentlemen on the
other side were capable of magnanimity they
would allow us to meet those questions here.
Mr. SOHENCK. 1 have already yielded to
the gentleman a part of my time, and i pro-
pose now to go oil without interruption.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am glad that this little
preliminary discussion, to be followed here-
after by those others to which the gentleman
refers us, has taken place. I am glad that the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. ISldiudge]
interrupted my friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Boutwell] with his interrogatory, which eli-
cited some allusion to the issues now just made
up again in new form before the people of this
country. What was that interruption? The
gentleman from Wisconsin was opposed to the
bill now under consideration because he claimed
that there are no States which are in any sense
whatever out of their normal relations to the rest
of the Union. He made the objection because he
claims that everyone of those States is now
entitled to representation upon this floor and in
the Senate and to votes in the Electoral College
for President and Vice President. Why, sir,
this is only in accord with what we have heard
and witnessed all along. These gentlemen,
short of memory, have forgotten that there has
been a war, and would have us, following thein,
shut our eyes to that historical fact and to the
consequences of that war.
But let us take the gentleman upon his own
ground. Let us assume that these States are
now entitled to vote for President and Vice
President; and that the governments of these
States are now to be recognized. What gov-
ernments of those States? Gentlemen on the
other side have failed to tell us. Are we to
recognize those governments which existed
prior to 1861? Andrew Johnson, in his cel-
ebrated North Caiolina proclamation and other
papers of like character, declared (and gen-
tlemen on the other side have indorsed the
declaration) that all civil government within
tho limits of those States had been destroyed.
Surely, then, the gentleman from Wisconsin
cannot mean that we should recognize the
State governments which existed prior to 18U1.
Are we, then, to recognize the civil govern-
ments set up by Andrew Johnson, assuming
to be himself the United States, and therefore
authorized to carry out the guarantee ut th 
Constitution toward States found without civil
governments? Gentlemen do uo,t pretend that
