1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1931
a politician. He saw the handwriting on the
wall, and the war having ceased he has taken
advantage of it. But who is Governor Brown ?
He is the man who before his State seceded
seized the forts in his State that belonged to
the Government of the United States andturned
them against our Government. That.is the kind
of man that you desire to relieve first! Now,
sir, I am in favor of relieving, first, men who
sympathized with the Government, and who
were forced into the rebellion by a power which
they could not resist, and not the class of men
who first "fired the heart of the southern peo-
ple, " as they called it, who assailed the temple
of liberty and trampled your flag in the dust,
and who at last come and kiss your feet and
ask you to give them back the rights which
they forfeited by causing our friends to bleed
in defense of their country.
Mr. KELLEY. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman whether he can name any man in the
State of Georgia who has addressed as many
people, traveled as far, and labored as long and
assiduously to induce the people of Georgia to
accept the congressional policy of reconstruc-
tion in its fullness, to elect a convention and
presents constitution, or who has labored more
industriously and more effectively for the adop-
tion of that constitution to-day in the broad
State of Georgia than Joseph E. Brown, and
if works meet for repentance are not to be
recognized by Congress,in whom the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution puts the power
by a two-thirds vote of both Houses to recog-
nize them ?
Mr. MULLINS. Let me ask the gentleman
how long did God make Adam lie out before
he gave him a chance, by the birth of the
Saviour, to repent? [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman from Illinois
will not allow me time to go into that question.
Mr. LOGAN. So far as Mr. Brown's work
in Georgia is concerned, I have nought to say.
I was not saying that Mr. Brown is not now
acting honestly and faithfully ; I said no such
thing; but I was calling the attention of the
House to the fact that the men first selected
for relief are the men who fired the first guns
against the Government. I say they are not
the class that I wish to relieve first.
Mr. KELLEY. A single moment, if the
gentleman from Illinois will permit. I am
not, as the gentleman knows, upon the Recon-
struction Committee, and have had nothing to
do with making up the list under considera-
tion. I am, however, in correspondence with
or know personally nine of the fifteen gentle-
men named, and for those nine I am ready to
vouch on this floor. I am not, as the gentle-
man says, in favor of restoring to full political
rights those who went as leaders into the re-
bellion, but those who went as leaders into
and have impelled and controlled the reaction,
and thus given evidence to the country that,
howsoever they may have sinned, they repent
it and desire to devote themselves to the coun-
try in works meet for repentance.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 am very glad to find that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania evinces such
a Christian spirit. I am very glad to find that
his devotion to Christian spirit and sympathy
is such that he is willing to forgive all wrongs.
I have no objection to that; 1 am only sorry
that I am differently constituted; I am only
sorry that God in His wisdom, in creating mo,
constituted me differently from what he did the
gentleman. I cannot have these sympathetic
feelings in my bosom which he has. That is
my misfortune, perhaps, and his good fortune.
But, sir, let me say this: I would rather
believe such men as Judge Humphreys, of
Huntsville, Alabama, and others whom i could
name all over the South, and whom no man yet
has ever asked this Congress to relieve from
their disability, than select such men as Mr.
Brown for relief. What has Mr. Brown done?
He has made a few political speeches, it is
true. Why? I do not say because he wants
to get back into some political party that has
power, so as to get an official position; [ will
not say tlutt; but I will say this, that no peo-
ple ever lived on earth who loved political
power as these leaders at the South do, and, in
my judgment, there are no people who will
change their opinions faster and oftener than
will these people for the purpose of obtaining
power.
You propose to relieve General Longstreet.
Why? Because he wrote a letter accepting
the situation. And it is proposed to relieve
Governor Brown. Why ? Because he pro-
poses to act with the Bepublican party. Sir, I
tell you this principle is not correct. The true
principle, the correct principle, is this: let
us wait until the people of the South them-
selves give evidence that they want those men
relieved by electing them to some offices to
hold which they will be required to obtain this
relief. Then it will be time enough for us to
relieve them. If we do that we will be doing
our duty. If Mr. Orr or Mr. Brown is elected
to the United States Senate, and you want
either or both of them to be admitted to seats
there, then you can relieve them from these
disabilities. But 1 am opposed to relieving
them first; I am opposed to any such legisla-
tion as is proposed by this bill, whether in favor
of rebels or anybody else.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] yield to me for a few
moments?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. I feel a reluctance to vote
in favor of this bill for this reason: it comes
here without any report from the committee ;
there is no record of any reason to induce us
to vote to relieve these men from these disabili-
ties. It is true some of them are public char-
acters and are very well known to many members
of this House., But some of them arc not so
known to us.
Upon the precedent we are asked to estab-
lish here to-day many men from the South will
tome here to this House for relief. It seems
to me that in the beginning we ought, at least,
until the condition of things down there is very
much changed, to let it be understood that this
is not to be a matter of course, but such meas-
ures must be based upon some positive evi-
dence, to be founded upon a report of a com-
mittee, which shatt be printed and made a
matter of record, so that it can be referred to
hereafter as a precedent.
As I said the other day, upon a bill which I
myself had the honor to report to this House,
I am anxious to vote for the relief of every
man who is a lit subject for it. But I want to
be able to turn to the printed record, so that J
may say to my constituents, "Those are the
grounds upon which I cast my vote for that
relief." 1 wish the committee would take this
bill back again, and, before they ask us to vote
for it, put upon the printed record before us—
and not only before us but before the people
in the South—the reasons why they ask us to
relieve these men from these disabilities. I do
not say this because I have any disinclination
to vote this relief in regard to some of the
men named in this bill. But I want it to_be
understood by them all that they must bring
up here, and put upon the record so that we
can all see it, the evidence that can justify our
action in that respect. Therefore I must vote
to delay action on this bill until we can have
some report of the kind I have indicated.
Mr. LOGAN. Before I return the floor to my
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Sciienck]—and I ought
to make my apologies to him for having re-
tained it so long—I desire to say that I could
not better express the views I entertain than
they have been expressed by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] As I have
already said, I am ready to vote to relieve all
who are entitled to this relief. But I want to
see the evidence which will prove to me that
they are entitled to it before I vote to relieve
anybody, and I will say that 'evidence must
be pretty strong to convince me at least; that,
of course, will not, govern any one else. I will
not vote to relieve any man from disabilities
unless I can see strong proof that it is proper
to do so. I now return the floor to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] by whose
courtesy I have been holding it.
Mr. SCHENCK. If gentlemen will permit
me, I prefer to say a few words, which I have
not yet done, in defense of my own position.
I think the discussion which has sprung up on
my motion, which motion I thought a very rea-
sonable one when I made it, proves the pro-
priety of my having submitted it.
This House, in the present temper of gen-
tlemen upon this side, at least, is not prepared
to vote upon that bill. It is obvious that two
thirds cannot now be united in support of the
bill, however unanimously the House may be
disposed to act when we shall have fuller light
upon the subject.
Now, I desire to say to my friend from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Boutweix] that he and 1 do
not in the slightest degree differ in our views
as to the propriety of passing bills of this kind,
and by law removing disabilities from men
who by their conduct have given proof of their
penitence, their restoration to such a condition
of mind and behavior as entitles them to be
thus relieved from the disabilities under which
they labor. But that is the general proposi-
tion. Here we are acting in reference to spe-
cific cases. And what do I propose ? Why,
simply that we shall recommit this bill to the
committee with instructions to report it back
with a brief statement in each case of the rea-
son for recommending the removal of the dis-
ability in that particular case. The report need
not be a long one.
But the gentleman from Massachusetts says
that we ought to take upon trust the conclu-
sion to which the committee have arrived in
regard to the matter. Unfortunately, how-
ever, for a proposition of that kind, each one
of us feels his share of the weight of responsi-
bility of action upon this subject; and each
one will have to answer to his constituents
and to the country, North and South, for having
selected from the mass of those who may be
more or less penitent and more or less fitted to
be restored to their former privileges under
the Constitution and the laws each one of
these particular individuals. The gentleman
says, however, that the committee cannot, in
the very nature of things, make a report of
that kind, because it would involve the neces-
sity of going into a long account of the career
of each individual. In that respect the gen-
tleman is mistaken. In a very brief way the
committee, summing up as a conclusion the
convictions which have been produced in their
minds in regard to any of these men, may say
that for such and such reasons, furnished by
the evidence before them, and which, if they
choose, may be reported to the House, they
propose a remission of the disabilities in the
particular case.
The provision that Congress might, by a vote
of two thirds, remove the disability in any of
these cases was, I suppose, intended to have
some meaning. If we exercise this power
without reason or with little reason, or, whether
there be reason or not, with little considera-
tion, the value of the boon is by so much
diminished. In following out the rule we have
prescribed to ourselves, that we shall take back
these men into the fold among Union citizens
for cause shown by themselves, their neigh-
bors, or associates, we are performing a grave
and serious duty, and we ought to be satisfied
in every case that sufficient cause is shown.
Now, sir, as I said when upon the floor be-
fore, I do not want to be driven to vote against
this bill; I do not want to see any gentleman
here driven to vote against it, neither do 1 de-
sire that we shall be driven to the necessity of
calling for a division of the question, so as
perhaps to take the yeas and nays upon the
case of each man named in the bill, as I sup-
pose under parliamentary law it would be per-
fectly competent to do, but I want action on
this measure to be suspended for some two or
three weeks. Meanwhile the attention of the
country North and South having been attracted
to the subject, we shall obtain information
which will enable us to act more intelligently
