548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
Mt. FARNSWORTH obtained the floor.
Mr. GRAVELY. I move that the time
of the gentleman from Kentucky be extended,
Bo as to enable him to conclude his remarks.
Mr. BECK. I am much obliged to the gen-
tleman. I have gone very hurriedly over the
question, and I will not ask more than live
minutes.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
gentleman's time being extended Jive minutes?
[Cries of ''No objection."]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that
no objection is made tothe gentleman going on.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. We understood that
somebody objected.
Mr. BECK. I understood there was objec-
tion, and therefore I gave way.
The SPEAKER. No objection was made,
and the gentleman is entitled to proceed.
Mr. BECK. I thank the House for its court-
esy, but I wilt not occupy any further time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, if I
know anything about this matter, and about
what the majority of the Committee on Recon-
struction'desire. and about what the majority
of the House wishes, they wish to secure per-
sonal liberty, freedom of speech and of the
press, and fair, impartial trial by jury to all
the citizens of this Government. Those are
the great ends we had in view; and I propose,
while I discuss the bill now before the House, to
■how that no provision of this bill antagonizes
with those principles or with the Constitution
of the United States, about *which we have
heard so much.
The first section of this bill declares that in
the ten revolted and unreconstructed States
there are no civil State governments repub-
lican in form, and further provides that neither
the Executive nor the judiciary shall recognize
those governments as legal and binding State
governments.
Now, I will say in the outset that my im-
pression is that the latter part of that section
is surplusage ; that it is sufficient for Congress
to declare that they have not legal State
governments republican in form, and leave it
there. If Congress has the right to make this
declaration, and if it be true that there is no
legal State government republican in form in
either of these States, then it follows, as a
matter of course, that neither the Executive
nor the judiciary can recognize an illegal
government. But surplusage can do no harm,
and especially such as this, under existing cir-
cumstances.
The first question presented to the House is
this: is it true that there are no legal State
governments republican in form in those ten
States; and second, has Congress the right to
make this declaration and thus put it out of
the power of the judiciary or of the Execu-
tive to recognise such governments? I hold
the affirmative of these propositions, and I
propose to convict the gentleman who last
addressed the House [Mr. Beck] out of the
mouth of the very Supreme Court for which
he seems to have such peculiar respect and
veneration.
Why, sir, I need not go over the history of
this war; it is all fresh in the recollection of
every gentleman on this floor. Gentlemen on
the other side have repeated here the resolu-
tion of the House-of Representatives of 1861,
when the House declared what the purposes
of the war were, J do not deny that the House
passed such a resolution. I have heard it
(juoted, I suppose, five hundred times before;
it is not new at all to me. I was not here at
the time, but I suppose the House of Repre-
sentatives passed such a resolution as a tub to
the whale.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Fabnsworth] if he is
prepared to admit in debate here that either
Congress or any department of the Govern-
ment has done anything from that time to this
that was in contravention of the resolution we
have heard so much about, and which has
been quoted here so often?
Mr.TDAWES. I am ready to vote for it now. i
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In reply to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] I will
say that I am not prepared to make any such
admission. 1 do not think the House ot' Rep-
resentatives or Congress has ever done anything
in contravention of that resolution. But it was
! a mere resolution of the House of Representa-
tives thrown out at the commencement of the
war, stating for what the war was waged on
our part. It was true at that time and it is
true now. We waged the war to maintain the
Union, the Constitution, and the laws; and
having maintained the Union, the Constitu-
tion, and the laws, and conquered our ene-
mies, the war ceased, as the House of Repre-
sentatives said in that resolution it ought to
cease.
I now propose to call the attention of the
House to a decision made in 1862 by the Su-
preme Court of the United States in reference
to the States then in insurrection, so that we
may judge from that decision whether the
Supreme Court ttaen recognized a State gov-
ernment existing in any one of those States.
I refer to the decision in the case of the
schooner Brilliante, in the "prize cases." I
quote from the opinion of the court, as given
by Judge Grier, in 2 Black's Reports, page
G72. He says:
"The appellants contend that the term 'enemy'
i is properly applicable to those only who are subjects
or citizens of a foreign State at war with our own.
| They quote from the pages of the common law, which
| say 'that persons who wwre war against the king
, may be of two kinds^subjects or citizens. The
former are not proper enemies, but rebels and trai-
tors; the latter are those that come properly under
the name of enemies.******
"They contend, also, that insurrection is the act
of individuals and not of a Government or sover-
eignty; that the individuals engaged are subjects
! of law; that confiscation of their property can be
| effected only under a municipal law; that by the
! law of jthe land such confiscation cannot take place
withont the conviction of the owner of some offense;
! and, finally, that tho secession ordinances are nulli-
j ties and ineffectual to release any citizen from his
[ allegiance to tho national Government, and conse-
quently that the Constitution and laws of the United
States are still operative over persons in all the
States for punishment ps well as protection."
Now, if you will sum up the arguments used
on the part of the opponents of this bill, and
of every other recpnstruction bill which has
been passed by this House, you will Jind them
embodied in this language, where the Supreme
Court summed up what was contended for by
the counsel for the appellants in that oase.
And how does the court answer it?
"This argument rests on the assumption of two
propositions, each of which is without foundation on
tho established law of nations. It assumes that
where a civil war exists, the party belligerent claim-
ing to be sovereign cannot, for some unknown rea-
son, exercise the rights of belligerents, although the
revolutionary party may. Being sovereign, he can
exercise only sovereign rights over the other party.
The insurgent may be killed on the battle-field or
by the executioner; his property or land may be con-
fiscated under the municipal law; but the commerce
on the ocean which supplies the rebels with means
to support the war cannot be made the subject of
capture under the laws of war, because it is 'uncon-
stitutional!! I"
The word " unconstitutional," as it stands
here in this law-book, reminds me very much
of the manner in which I have heard it
screeched out upon this floor a great many
times. It looks very much as if the court
were mocking the men who have incessantly
been crying "unconstitutional" whenever we
have passed a bill either to subjugate the
enemy or to maintain the Government. Here
is the word in italics and quotation-marks and
followed by three exclamations of surprise.
" Unconstitutional lit"
The measures necessary for the salvation of
the Union have been opposed as "unconsti-
tutional" all the way through. It was" uncon-
stitutional " to coerce a State—"unconstitu-
tional ' for the President to issue a proclama-
tion calling for troops—"unconstitutional"
to pass laws appropriating money to pay them—
" unconstitutional" to cross Mason and Dixon's
i line. Every measure designed to suppress re-
bellion and vindicate the integrity of the Gov-
ernment has been "unconstitutional." The
court here quotes this objection which we have
heard so often, and italicises it and marks it
with all these exclamations of wonder and
amazement.
Tho court proceeds as follows :
" Now, it is a proposition never doubted that the
belligerent party who claims to be soveroign may
exercise botii belligerent and sovereign rights, (seo
4 Cranch, 27-.) Treating the other party as a bellig-
erent, and using only tho milder modes of coercion
which the law of nations has introduced to mitignte
tho rigors ofwar.cannot be a subject of complaint by
the party to whom it is accorded as a grace or granted
i as a necessity. We have shown that a civil war, such
as that now waged between tho northern and south-
ern States, is properly conducted according to the
humane regulations of public law as regards capture
on tho ocean.
. "Under the very peculiar constitution of this Gov-
! ernment, although the citizens owe allegiance to the
Federal Government, they owe also a qualified alle-
giance to the State in which they aredomiciled. Thoir
persons and property are subject to it3 laws.
"Hence, in organizing this rebellion, they have
acted as States"—
; This is the language of the Supreme Court.
] "Hence, in organizing this rebellion, they have
acted as States"—not as a few "misguided,
erring brethren"—their State constitutions re-
maining in full force, their State institutions
unimpaired, to be revived the moment the war
is ended. No; .they acted as States. It was
a war between those revolted States and the
national Government, not between citizens of-
those States and the Government.
I " Hence, in organizing this rebellion, they have
acted as States, claiming to be sovereign over all
: persons and property within, their respective limits,
and asserting a right tp absolve their citizens from
their allegiance to the Federal Government. Scv-
. eral of these States have combined to form a new
confederacy, claiming to be acknowledged by tho
world as a sovereign State. Their right to do so is
now being decided by wager of battle. The poi ts and
territory of each of these States are held in hostility
to the General Government. It is no loose, unor-
ganized insurrection, having no defined boundary or
possession. It has a boundary marked by lines of
bayonets, and which can be crossed only by ioree—
south of this line is enemies' territory because it i3
claimed and held in possession by an organized, hos-
tile, and belligerent power."
"Enemies' territory"—not republican States
of this Union.
"All persons residing within this territory whose
property may be used to increase the revenues of tho
hostile power are, in this contest, liable to be treated
as enemies, though not foreigners. They have cast
off their allegiance and made war on their Govern-
ment, and are none the less enemies because they
are traitors."
I have often heard gentlemen on this floor
argue as if it were no great matter for a pan
to be a traitor—that we might have tniitors
who are not "enemies"—that though these
men were for a while traitors and fought us a
few years they were not enemies; they were
Our " erring brethren," whom we should take
to our bosoms the moment the war ceased.
But this court, for whose judicial opinions
gentlemen have so much newly-awakened ven-
eration and respect, declares that they are none
the less enemies because they are traitors.
Now, Mr. Speaker, that is the condition in
which we find those States; that is the con-
dition which the Supreme Court declared those
States were in during the war. What next?
After the close of the war Mr. Johnson issues
a proclamation unauthorized by law, but in
which he himself declares that all civil gov-
ernments are overthrown in those States and
that they are left without any civil govern-
ments. What then ? Why, sir, the Constitu-
tion provides that "the United States shall
guaranty to each State a republican form of
government."
The Constitution provides that "Congress
may admit new States." The President can
do neither one nor the other. He can neither
guaranty nor dictate the kind of government
a State shall have. If there were no States
i there with republican institutions such as it is
j our duty to recognize during the war, I ask in
i what better condition were they when Lee sur-
i rendered at Appomattox court-house? Did
they arise from the ashes of the war into full-
grown States? It is true the paper upon which
their constitutions were printed was still in
existence, but those States were dead. They
had been overthrown, and other hostile con-
stitutions had been adopted in their place by
