8980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July U;
now. We know they do not mean to advo-
cate the recognition of the loyal governments
which have grown up under the legislation of
Congress; tor against those governments they
are all the time arraying themselves. Then
what govern meats are they that are to send
their Representatives to Congress, their Sen-
ators to the other end of this Capitol, their
electors to vote for President and Vice Pres-
ident? Frank Blair has told us, and it will
not do for gentlemen now to attempt to throw
off that exposition of their creed, that declar-
ation of their position, which has been so
clearly defined for them before the country by
their candidate for the Vice Presidency.
The gentleman from NewYork [Mr. Brooks]
and others are uneasy. They tell us that the
letter of Frank Blair is not their platform.
What is their platform? Why, sir, oti Mon-
day, the Gth day of this month, the Demo-
cratic party in their convention at New York
agreed upon a series of propositions, many of
them mere axioms in politics against which
nobody will protest; others generalities and
commonplaces about which no question is
likely ever to be made; others a wrapping-up
of meaning in ambiguous phrase with the
intention of catching people of the widest dis-
similarity of opinion, so that your Chase men
and your Pendleton men might meet upon the
same ground. And that they say is their plat-
form. That was on the Gth of July. Three
days afterward, on the 9th of July, when,
throwing aside all others, they had taken Ho-
ratio Seymour as their candidate for the Pres-
idency, and the question came who should be
their second on the ticket, Frank Blair marched
into that hall, not in person, but through the
representatives of himself and his position,
with a platform in his hand, which he pre-
sents to these men, in which he not only lays
down distinct positive views, which they by
acclamation adopted with him, but which he
presents to them accompanied with the dec-
laration that all else they have been declaring
about is of no consequence whatever, and this
which he presents is the only issue. Now, see
whether 1 overstate it. That is his platform
thus presented. They say it would be rather
a sudden change between the Gth of July and
the 9th of July to have altered their whole
position. Is there any change impracticable
to these men ? Do they not fight for Seymour
and Blair just as they would have fought for
Chase or Hendricks or for Hancock, had they
been nominated ? If any man thinks he can
find a plank too short to afford room to allow
the Democratic party to turn a somersault on in
two days or one day, or in two hours or one
hour, he knows less of the history of that
party than 1 do.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I ask the gentle-
man to let me put a question to him.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot yield. They
cannot plead shortness of time, especially they
cannot plead it in the face of the recorded
facts ; and I repeat, therefore, although they
adopted that platform under which they seek
now to take refuge on the Gth, by the decision
of the 9th they virtually threw it aside when
they nominated this candidate whom they
accepted by acclamation, who said there was
one great issue, and on that they meant to go
to the country.
I will have some of this literature repeated
in order to refresh the memory of gentlemen
on the other side, although it has been read in
full at the Clerk's desk. First, as to that plat-
form. Here it is in a few lines :
" There is hut one way to restore the Government
unci the Constitution, and that is for thePresident-
cloct to declare these acts null and void."
Not submit them to the court. Oh, no! the
Democratic President elect is to declare them
by his first proclamation null and void.
41 Compel the Army to undo its usurpations at the
South, disperse the carpet-bag State governments,
allow the white people to organize their own gov-
ernments, and elect Senators and Representatives."
One way is for the President to sweep aside
^11 acts of the legislative power, and to substi-
tute creatures inthe shape of State governments
of his own making instead of those established
by law.
" The House of Representatives will contain a
majority of Democrats from the North."
May be so 1
"And they will admit the Representatives elected
by tho white people of the South, and with the
cooperation of the President it will not be difficult to
compel the Senate to subrait."
That is your platform moved as an amend-
ment to the resolutions of July G, and you shall
hear of it everywhere whether you will or 110.
You will have to stand on it and abide by it.
Let me go on with it:
"I repeat that this is tho roal and only question
which wo shoutd allow to control us : Shall wc sub-
mit to the usurpations by which theflovernment lias
been overthrown, or shall we exert ourselves for its
full and complete restoration? It is idle to talk of
bonds, greenbacks, gold, the public faith, and the
public credit."
Away with your generalities, commonplaces,
platitudes, and delusions in the pretended plat-
form which you adopted two days ago. That is
not the issue. There is but one real, true issue ;
all those are of the slightest possible conse-
quence which two days ago you thought worthy
to be made the declaration of your faith.
" I wish to stand before tlio convention upon this
issue, but it is one which embraces everything else
that is of valuo in its large and comprehensive
results. It is the one thing that includes all that is
worth a contest, and without it there is nothing that
gives dignity, honor, or valuo to the struggle."
Mr. MARSHALL. I raise the question of
order that the gentleman is not discussing the
question before the House. [Laughter.]
Unless he gives a chance on this side 1 shall
object to his proceeding. I have no objection
at all if he will permit us to have one fourth
the time lie occupies.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Scofield
in the chair.) The gentleman will confine
himself to the subject of debate.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is precisely what I
am doing. It is claimed that there are or are
to be certain Democratic State governments
established at the South by these means, which,
being about to be established, will obviate all
necessity for passing this bill. We disagree to
that; and I comment upon the character of
those governments and the issue sought to be
made before the people by which those govern-
ments are to be thus made the law for these
southern States. I say, therefore, that is one
distinct issue, the issue which General Blair
concludes his letter by claiming to be the only
one "that gives dignity, honor, or value to the
struggle." It is to be found in the secondary
platform overriding the first accepted by these
gentlemen, and it now presents the one ground
upon which they go to the people. Why, sir,
how was General Blair taken ? How were any
of the candidates taken ? Is there anything in
the selection of either of them which would
indicate that the gentlemen would not have
taken this as their position in regard to these
southern States?
Mr. MARSHALL. I rise to a point of
order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion that the gentleman is wandering
somewhat from the subject.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the Chair be kind
enough to tell mo wherein?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
thinks that the Democratic candidates and
their platform have nothing to do with this
question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I regret to differ from the
Chair, and from the gentleman on the other
side.
Mr. NIBLACK. The Democratic platform
does not go into effect till after the 4th of
March next, whereas this is intended to go into
operation before that. [Laughter. ] *
Mr. SCHENCK. Under the advice of the
Chair I shall have to desist from the course of
remark I was entering upon, but it did seem
to me that when it was claimed that upon cer-
tain principles and positions taken by these
men whom they selected to lead them, indi-
cated, embodied, and personified in this way,
a bill like this was unnecessary. I might be
allowed to say it was necessary, for the very
reason that they had selected such exponents
of their opinions. I am a, little at a loss to know
to what 1 may properly direct my argument
under the ruling of the Chair, which certainly
was unexpected after the course which tbs
debate had been permitted to take.
Mr. SPALDIN G. 1 move that the gentle-
man be permitted to proceed.
Mr. SCHENCK. But I shall certainly take
some opportunity hereafter, if itpresents_ itself,
(o submit my views, not in a straight-jacket,
upon this subject. .
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will state that the debate had been allowed to
run on without objection from any quarter;
but when objection was made and insisted
upon, tho Chair felt bound to rule as he did.
Mr. MARSHALL. If the other side will
give us something like half a show I have no
objection.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the
gentleman withdraw the objection?
Mr. MARSHALL. Only on the condition
stated.
Mr. SCHENCK. It comes with a bad grace
from the gentleman who told me he only
wanted a minute, and I gave him more. I
inquire if it would be ill order to supply some
omissions in the account he gave of the per-
sonnel of that convention which made this
platform which opposes itself to the bills we
have under consideration ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
of tho opinion that all of this debate is not
relevant to the joint resolution before the
House, and if objection is made it cannot pro-
ceed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
objection to this debate being pursued at some
subsequent time, if gentlemen wish to go on
with it; but if they mean to continue it now,
I propose to make a report from a committee
of conference on the legislative, &c., appro-
priation bill, because it is important to have
the report adopted, so that the enrolling clerks
may get the bill.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Objection being made
by gentlemen on the other side of the House
to a further continuance of the debate, and
the gentleman from Illinois desiring to pro-
ceed to other business, I surrender the floor
and ask fur the question.
The first question was on the amendments
reported by the Committee on Reconstruction :
which are as follows :
In lines four and five strike out the words "and
which States arc not now represented in Congress."
In line fifteen strike out the word "and" and insert
"nor."
Add to the resolution the following:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be
construed to apply to a-ny State which was repre-
sented in Congress on the 4th of March, 1867.
Mr. BLDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays on agreeing to the amendments.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 desire to offer an
amendment.
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in
order, the main question having been ordered.
The main question was taken ; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 110, nays 23,
not voting G5 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Delos R,
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks,
Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Blair, Boles, Bontwell,
Broniwell, Benjamin F. Butler. Roderick R. Butler,
Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Oook,
Covode, Cultom, Dawes, Delano, Deweese, Dixon,
Driggs, Eekley, Eta, liliot, Farnsworth. Ferriss,
Fields, French, Gariicld, Griswold,Hamilton, Higby,
Hinds, llooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbaid,
Ilulburd, Hunter, Jenckes, Jndd, Julian, Kelsey,
Ketchani, Kitchen, Koontz, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, lioan, Logan, JjOughndge,
i Lynch, M:>!!'>ry, Marvin, Muynaru, McCarthy,
| JlcClurg, MeKce, Miller, Moore. Jlorrcli, Muliins,
1 Myers, O'Neill, Oith, Fame, Perham, Peters, Pike,
; Pile, Plants, Poland. Pomeruy, Pi ice, llaum, liobert-
I son. Roots.Sawyer. Sehenek.Seotieid.Shanks.Stmth,
Spaidmg, Starkweather, Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes,
] Talle, Thomas, Xrowbndge, Xwicheil, Lpson, Van
] Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert X. Van Horn, Ward,
| Cadwalader C. Washburn, Eiihu B. Washburne,
I Henry D. Washburn, WiiliaiaB. Washburn, Welker,
| William Williams, James Wilson, and John 1.
1 Wilson—110.
