2956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
and void. And if the defendant in any such suit be
in actual custody on mesne process therein, it shall
be the duty of the marshal, by virtue of the writ of
habeas corpus cum causa, to take the body of the de-
fendant into hiscustody, to be dealt with in the said
cause according to the rules of law and the order of
the circuit court, ok of any judge thereof in vacation.
All attachments madeandall bailandothersecurity
given upon such suit or prosecution shall be and
continue in like force and effect as if the same suit
or prosecution had proceeded to final judgment and
execution in the State court: and if, upon the re-
moval of any such suit or prosecution, it shall be
made to appear to the said circuit court that no copy
of the record and proceedings therein in the State
court can be obtained, it shall be lawful for said cir-
cuit court to allow and require the plaintiff to pro-
ceed de novo, and to file a declaration of his cause of
action, and the parties may thereupon proceed as in
action originally brought in said circuit court; and,
on failure of so proceeding, judgment of nolle prose-
qui may berendered against the plaintiff, with costs
for the defendant. And if any officer appointed un-
der and by virtue of any act to provide internal reve-
nue, or any person acting under or by authority of
any such officcr shall receive any injury to his per-
son or property, for or on account of any act by him
done, under any law of the United States for the col-
lection of taxes, he shall be entitled to maintain suit
for damage therefor iu thecircuitcourt of thellnited
States, in the district wherein the party doing the
injury may reside or shall be found. And all prop-
erty taken ordetained by any officer or other person
under authority of any revenue law of the United
States shall be irrepleviable, and shall be deemed to
be in the custody of the law, and subject only to the
orders and decrees of the courts of the United States
having jurisdiction thereof: Provided, That an act
entitled 'An actfurthertoprovideforthccoilection
of duties on imports," passed March 2, 1863, shall
not be construed to apply to eases arising under this
act or any other act to provide internal revenue.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to amend this sec-
tion by adding the words "and the circuit
court of the U nited States shall have original
jurisdiction in all such cases" to the sentence
ending "and, on failure of so proceeding,
judgment of nolle prosequi may be entered
against the plaintiff, with costs for the defend-
ant." It is sometimes a great convenience to
have a suit brought in the circuit court of the
United States, and not in the State court.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to the
amendment of the gentleman from Rhode
Island [Mr. Jenckes] except this: we make
ample provision in another section for giving
to the circuit court of the United States juris-
diction in all such cases. This section is for
the specific purpose of removing suits from the
State courts.
Mr. JENCKES. Will the gentleman refer
me to the section giving that jurisdiction? This
formality of removal is to be gone through with
at the cost of the plaintiff and loss of time to
the Government. It would be a saving of
expense to the plaintiff and of time to the Gov-
ernment if the suit could be commenced in the
circuit court in the first place, as it must event-
ually go there.
Mr. WELKER. Will the gentleman with-
draw his amendment for a few moments, until
I can offer one to the first sentence of this
section?
Mr. JENCKES. I will do so.
Mr. WELKER. I desire to move to amend
the clause of the first sentence, which now
reads "to remove such suit or prosecution
by petition to the circuit court of the United
States in and for the district in which he shall
have been served with process," &c., by in-
serting the words "district or" before the
words "circuit court of the United States."
it is sometimes more convenient to remove
these suits to the district than to the circuit
court. I would provide that either of these
courts might be applied to for this review.
Mr. JENCKES. I am opposed to that
amendment. There is no provision in any law
of the United States for the removal of acause
from a State court to the district court; they
all go to the circuit court. And that is done
for this excellent reason : an appeal lies from
the circuit court to the Supreme Court of the
United States ; and a transfer of a cause from
a State court to a United States court should
be to the circuit court in order to secure a final
judgment more speedily.
Mr. WELKER. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. PETERS. One of the sentences of this
section ends in these words, " and on failure of
bo proceeding judgment of nolle prosequi
may be rendered against the plaintiff, with
costs for the defendant." Oughtnot the words
"or non-suit" to be inserted after the words
" nolle prosequi"!"
Mr. .JENCKES. That would not be proper,
for a judgment of non-suit cannot be entered
in a court of the United States in any cause.
Mr. PETERS. Very well, I will not move
that amendment. But I wish to move an
amendment somewhere in this section, so as
to provide that no suit shall be made return-
able against any internal revenue officer out of
the district in which said officer shall be
authorized to act, and I will explain in a few
words my reasons for desiring such an amend-
ment.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman had bet-
ter not offer his amendment to this section.
This provides simply for transferring from the
State courts to the Federal courts suits brought
against revenue officers.
Mr. PETERS. Section seventy-three pro-
vides for removing an action to the circuit court
in the district in which the party shall havebeen
served with process. Nq,w, if an officer whose
district is in the State of Maine happens to be
in Boston, he can be much annoyed by having
process served upon him there and being com-
pelled to answer there in a suit which ought to
be brought against him in Maine.
Mr. MAYNARD. This section simjSy pro-
vides, as the gentleman will observe, that where
a suit is brought in a State court against a reve-
nue officer of the United States, that suit shall
be transferred to the circuit court of the dis-
trict in which the suit may be pending.
Mr. PETERS. But my idea is that the suit
should be brought in the circuit court of the
district within which the official is authorized
to act. Under the present law if, for instance,
the collector at Bangor, being authorized to
act within the district of Maine, happens to be
in Boston, jurisdiction may be obtained in a
suit against him by serving a process on him
there, and he is obliged to make his defense
in the circuit court of Massachusetts instead
of that of Maine. I know an instance of that
kind in which the party has been subjected to
great expense by a suit thus brought in a dis-
trict other than that in which he is authorized
to act.
I will modify my airendment and move to
amend by striking out in line fourteen the
words "in which he shall have been served
with process," and inserting in lieu thereof
the words "within which he shall havebeen
officially authorized to act;" so that it will
read:
It, shall be lawful for the defendant in such suit or
prosecution, at any time before trial, to remove such
suit or prosecution by petition to the circuit court of
the United States in .and forthedistrietwithinwhich
he shall have been officially authorized to act, &c.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Chairman, there might
be a very serious objection to an amendment
of this kind, though it might work admirably
in some cases. Suppose the offense or act for
which the prosecution is instituted has been
committed or performed in some other district
than that in which the officer resides, if there
were no constitutional difficulty to prevent his
prosecution and trial in another locality than
that in which he committed the offense or per-
formed the act still there might be a serious
impropriety in such a proceeding, "%'hile I
for one should be entirely willing that the offi-
cer should be tried where he resided, if that
happened to be the place where the alleged
offense was committed, it seems to me it would
be a very improper innovation to require that
a man should be tried in some locality where
the offense was not charged to have been com-
mitted, because he happened to reside there.
Mr. PETERS. I think that objection isnot
sound.
Mr. PAINE. I yield to the gentleman from
Rhode Island. [Mr. Jexckes.]
Mr. JENCKES. Mr. Chairman, under the
judiciary act of 1789, which has governed all
proceedings of this kind from that day to this,
all proceedings removed from a. State court
must be transferred to the circuit court of the
district in which the process is served. That
jurisdiction is declared under the provisions of
article three, section two, of the Constitution.
And as to all criminal proceedings there is an
absolute necessity that they should be trans-
ferred to the court of the district in which pro-
cess is found, by virtue of article six of the
Amendments to the Constitution, which pro-
vides that—
" In all criminal prosecutions the accused shall
enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial by an
impartial jury of the State and district wherein the
crime shall have been committed, which district
shall have been-previously ascertained by law."
Without altering the provision of the judi-
ciary act of 1789 in regard to civil process, and
without violating the Constitution, we cannot
adopt such a proposition as that now pre-
sented.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
No further amendment being offered, the
Clerk read the next section, as follows :
Sec. 74. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue shall have power to
repay, by requisition on the Treasury, to collectors
or deputy collectors the full amount of such sums of
money ashave been ormay be recovered against them
or any of them in any court for any taxes collected
by them, with the costs and expenses of suit, and all
damages and costs recovered against assessors, col-
lectors, deputy collectors, or other internal revenue
officers, in any suit brought against them, or any of
them, by reason of anything that shall or maybedone
in the due performance of their official duties.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, I move to
strike out that section. The features of this
section are remarkable, and intended to operate
in behalf of a spirit, of favoritism which will
rapidly spring up in the execution of this law.
The section authorizes the refunding of money
which has been improperly taken from the cit-
izen, refunding all the costs which have been
incurred, and all the expenses which have been
paid, provided, as would seem from the last
clause, it resulted in the due performance of his
duty as an officer. Where the citizen has recov-
ered his judgment against the public officer the
Government is called upon to pay the amount,
and still the officer lias been in the due per-
formance ofhis duty. That is apoint that does
not admit of easy explanation.
Mi-. MAYNARD. This goes back to the
objection the gentleman was making at the
commencement of the session this evening.
Whenever a tax-payer is unduly assessed and
pays his money he has no remedy except
against the collector. This provides that iu
such eases the Commissioner shall have power
to refund to the collector -in order to benefit
the tax payer who has been improperly assessed
and had taxes improperly collected from him.
It is the correlative of the feature which the
gentleman was commenting upon at the com-
mencement of the session this evening.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not think this remedy
against a public officer would be of value. It
would be an uncertain remedy. It would be
m uncertain as to the ability of the party to re-
j! spond to the judgment rendered. How can it
| occur that the officer in the due performance of
'[ the duties of his office shall become subject to a
j judgment which requires him to pay back to
; the citizen the very money he has wrongfully
| taken out ofhis possession ?
! Mr. MAYNARD. How does it occur that.
| the collector of duties on imports has duty
! paid to him under protest, and is sued and
j compelled to repay the amount collected ? We
I know very well that an assessor is liable to
i mistake, and against such mistake we allow
! relief by permitting him to be sued and the
| money paid to be recovered,
; Mr. JENCKES. "
, meut.
I Mr. HOLMAN. Not now. Mr. Chairman,
! the consideration of this section is the strongest
: argument iu favor of allowing the citizen to
,'  pply for and obtain an injunction in the first
instance instead of being lr.ft to sue the assessor
jj for the money that he has been compelled to
li pay, and the collector, too, if that omcer caa
1 can suggest an amend-
