432
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 15 and 16,
Ho. of Reps.
Taxation of United States Bonds—Mr. Stone.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
prepared to announce that our Government is
too poor to pay the sum of $7,000,000 in ful-
fillmentof the sacred obligations of our treaties?
Would such an announcement tend to enhance
our credit in the money centers of the world,
and at a time, too, when it is the interest of our
Govern rnent to preserve its credit untarnished ?
He is too able a financier and too deeply inter-
ested in our financial success to assume any
such dangerous position.
I have thus endeavored, Mr. Chairman, fairly
to meet the objections which have been urged
against the passage of this bill. They may
serve to convince others that the bill should
not pass; they have made no such impression
upon my mind.
We have entered into a treaty with one of
the most powerful nations of the earth, with
whom our relations have always been amicable ;
a nation that, during the darkest hours of the
rebellion, was our firmest and truest friend.
When rebellion almost seemed a success, when
the nations of Europe desired and were pre-
pared to witness our downfall and dismember-
ment, when they had secretly aided the ene-
mies of the Government, Russia hesitated not
in her friendship. In those darkest hours she
quietly moved one of her fleets, and anchored
it in the harbor of San Francisco, and another
in the harbor of New York. The movement
of those fleets spoke a language which was
well understood by the nations of Europe, and
that language was "hands off!"
Suppose, for the sake of the argument, that
this Territory is as worthless as the gentleman
from Wisconsin in his wildest imagination has
deemed it to be. Suppose it were as valueless
as the parchment upon which it has been trans-
scribed, are the American people prepared
through their Representatives to say to Russia
that we will not abide by our contract ? Are
gentlemen prepared to assume this attitude?
Shall we say to the world that the American
Government, whose honor has thus far been
untarnished, will not abide by her solemn and
plighted faith? Shall we by our act become
open and avowed repudiators? It' we do the
people whom we profess to represent upon
this occasion will most assuredly and most
deservedly repudiate us. Our poverty will be
no shield for this most flagrant breach of faith.
Compared with our national honor this money
is the merest pittance in the world. But who
is prepared to weigh national honor against
sordid dust!
No, sir, this treaty has been made in good
faith, and in good faith we will observe all its
terms and all its provisions. In doing so we
but respect and reflect the wishes of those for
whom we are now authorized to speak, and we
show an example to the world that in our hands
and under our control the nation's honor and
the nation's dignity is as safe and as secure as
it was in the hands of our patriotic ancestors
who have heretofore been intrusted with its
destinies. We have taken possession of this
territory, our laws and institutions have been
carried there by our authorized agents. The
Russian ensign has been furled : the Russian
authorities have taken their departure and in
their stead are now the stars and stripes and
the official insignia of our Government.
Shall that flag which waves so proudly there
now be taken down? Palsied be the hand that
would dare to remove it! Our flag is there,
and there it will remain. Our laws and our
institutions are there guaranteeing protection
to its present inhabitants, and to the thousands
who shall inhabit it hereafter. We shall take to
those distant shores the arts, the sciences, and
the civilization of the nineteenth century.
Under our auspices they will grow and prosper,
and commerce and intelligence, morality and
virtue will still further attest the beneficence
of American institutions, and add continually
to the number of those who admire and love
our country and her free institutions.
Taxation of United States Bonds.
SPEECH OF HON. FREDERICK STONE,
OF MARYLAND,
Is the House op Representatives,
July 15 and 16, 18C8.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union—
Mr. STONE said:
Mr. Chairman : A great deal of the idle de-
clamation on the subject of the finances is the
result of the misconception of the law and a
greatdeal of intentional misrepresentation. We
hear repeated everywhere the importance of the
Government maintaining its faith, but we do not
very often hear it stated clearly and distinctly
in what that keeping of faith consists. We
have a large debt, and a portion of it is already
due. There is already before this House a
bill from the Senate, called a funding bill,
which in fact was intended to provide for the
payment of that which is already due. I sup-
pose, sir, the only safe rule by which we can
be guided in ascertaining in what mode the
Government, should preserve its faith with its
creditors would be to ascertain precisely what
contract it made with them, and whatever the
Government may choose to pay more than its
contract is a question for the Government
itself to determine. The only rights which
the creditors of the Government hfive are the
terms of the contract that they made with the
Government at the time they loaned the Gov-
ernment the money. In order to ascertain
what that contract was we have only to refer
back to the series of the acts of Congress. No
one was authorized to speak for the Govern-
ment except the Government itself. The acts
of Congress spoke in language too clear to be
misunderstood or misrepresented, and no man
with a fair disposition to arrive at what is the
true construction of these acts of Congress
can read them and be for one moment in doubt
as to the legal effect and equity of this contract.
In the month of February, 1802, Congress
passed an act, called the legal-tender act, by
which we made non-interest-bearing notes of
the Government legal tender for all debts, pub-
lie and private. They made in that act no
exceptions but duties on imports and theinter-
est on the public debt; these were declared to
be payable in coin, butthat every other species
of indebtedness should be discharged and liqui-
dated by non interest-bearing Treasury notes
of the United States, generally termed legal
tenders. In the very same act, after declaring
that these non-interest-bearing notes should be
received in payment of every debt, public or
private, in the second section they provide for
the creation of a public debt making the duties
on imports and the interest on that debt payable
in coin.
Now, sir, is not that plain enough '! If the
law itself was constitutional, if Congress had
the right to issue these non-interest-bearing
notes and make them legal tenders in payment
of debts public and private, when in the very
act in which they contracted the debt they said
the notes should be legal tenders, can the cred-
itors who took the loan and advanced their
money upon the faith of that act complain of
any misunderstanding, that there was any
ambiguity in the act? j
But Congress did not stop here. To show |
that they thoroughly understood the import of \
the language they were using, two years after- !
ward, in March, 1864, they passed another
loan law in which they used this language :
"Payable at a period not more than forty years
from date in coin, and of such denominations as may
be found expedient, not less than litty dollars, bear-
ing an interest not exceeding six per een4. a year
payable on bonds not over i>100 and oil all other
bonds semi-annually, m coin,"
They first said that the principal shall be
paid in coin, and then that the interest shall
be paid in coin, drawing a distinction between
the bonds issued under the act of March 1864,
and February, 1862. But that is not all. As
late as 1865 Congress passed another act in
which they gave the Secretary of the Treasury
a discretion to make the principal and interest^
one or both, payable either in currency or coin,,
so that it should be expressed on the faee of the
bond.
Now, then, here is an act of Congress in 1862
making these bonds payable in currency, leav-
ing the Secretary of the Treasury no discretion.
Then there is the act of March, 1864, leaving
him no discretion whatever, for the bonda
issued under that act must be paid, both prin-
cipal and interest, in coin. Then as late as
March 3, 1865, Congress passed a law giving
the Secretary of the Treasury the discretion to
make the principal or the interest, one or both,
payable either in coin or currency, as he might
deem expedient.
Now propositions are being pressed upon
this House which amount to this: thatalthougb
the Government obtained a loan during the
pendency of the war and contracted with its
creditors to pay in currency, a gold-bearing
bond is to be substituted for the bonds already
due and payable in currency. Five hundred
million dollars of the five-twenty bonds that
were payable by the express terms of the act
of 18G2 in currency are now due and payable
at the Treasury, the five years' option having
expiied. How are they to be paid? If they
are payable in currency, what is the object of
imposing a vast coin debt upon the Govern-
ment now at this late day? if by the terms
of the contract they were payable in currency
why now issue a new set of bonds payable in
coin running a long period of years, and thus
substituting a debt payable in coin for one
clearly payable in currency ? The question is
what was the contract with the public credit-
ors? Not what a broker or a banker might
say, or what might be advertised in a news-
paper by brokers and bankers whose on'y
object was to make sales for the sake ol their
commission.
One of the arguments used on this question
is, that if the debt were paid in legal-tender
notes it would depreciate the credit of the
Government, and that the greenbacks would
become depreciated and comparatively worth-
less. That argument proceeds upon the as-
sumption that a debt of the Government,
while bearing interest, will preserve the credit
of the Government; but that a uou-intercst-
beariug debt will destroy its credit. I pieniime
that scarcely any one will question the fact,
that the credit ot a Government depends upon
irs ability arid its willingness to dischaige its
just obligations. First ascertain what its just
obligations are, and then show a willingness
to discharge them, and you need not fear that
the credit of the Government will sutler. 1
deny the fact that it would follow as a conse-
quence of the substitution of non-interest-bear-
ing debt for interest bearing, provided such
were the terms of the contract, that the credit
of the Government would suffer. On the con-
trary, I believe that it would be increased. If
the debt could be discharged by legal tenders,
so far from disturbing it would only improve
the financial condition ot the country.
Theie is no reason that can be urged why
the Government should be held to a different
rule in the payment of these five twenty bonds
fiom the rule which it adopts in dealing with
every other creditor. The Government con-
tracts to pay its judiciary so much money. The
judiciary iccei\es it in legal-tender notes, and
does not pretend that the Government -violates
its faith. It contracts to pay its Army so much
money. The Arm; receives it in legal-tender
note*, and svts up no pretense that the faith of
the Government is broken. And thus the Gov-
ernment deals with every single creditor it has,
great or smali ; and we hear no complaint ot
