1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3981
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Beck, Brooks, Ca-ry.
Eldridge, Getz, Glossbrenner, (iolladay, Grover,
Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Knott, Marshall, Muta-
gen, Niblaok, Phelps, Ross. Stewart, Stone, Taber,
Lawrence S. Trimble, and Van Trump—23.
:;OT VOTING—Messis. Anderson, Archer, Baker,
Barnes, Barium, Beaman, Bingham, Blaine, Boyer,
Broomali, Buekiand, Burr, Cake, Chanler, Header
\V. Clarke, Cornell, Dodge, Donnelly, Egglestoli,
Ferry, Finney, Fox, tlravcly, Ilaight, llalsey, Haul-
ing, Hawkins Hill, llclman, Hotehldss, Asaliol V,*.
Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Jnger-
soli, Alexander II. Jones, Kelley, Kerr, LaHin, Lin-
coin, MoCormiek, MeCullough. Mercur, Moorhead,
Morrissey, Nowconib, Nicholson. Nunn, Polsley,
Pruyn, Randall, Robinson, Selye, Shollabarger, Sit-
Kreaves, Aaron F. Stevens, Taylor, John Trimble,
Van Auken. Van Wyek, Thomas Williams, Stephen
F. Wilson. Wiiidom, Wood, Woodbridge, and Wood-
ward—05.
So the amendments were agreed to.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, and it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. BOTJTWBLL. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays on the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
it: the affirmative—yeas 112, nays 21, not voting
65 ; as follows :
YBAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey. Baldwin, Banks,
Be.itty, Beniamin, Benton, Blair, Boles, Boutwell,
Bromwell, Benjamin F. Butler, Rodeuek R. Buller,
Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cobh, Coburn, Cook. Co-
vode, Cullom, Dawes, Delano, Deweese, Dixon,Don-
nelly, Driggs, Eckley, El a, IOliot, Farnswoith, Fer-
riss, Fields, French, (Garfield, Gviswold, Hamilton,
IIic:by, Hinds, Hooper, Hopkins, ChesterD. Hubbard,
Hulbuid, Hunter, Jonckes, Judd, Julian, Kelsey,
Ketcham, Kitchen, Ivoontz, George V. Lawrenec,
William Lawrence, Loan, l,ogan. Lou^hiidge, Lynch,
M.illoiy, Marvin, Maynaid, McCarthy, McClurg,
MeK.ee, Miller, Moore, iiullins, Myei's,0'Neilt,0rth,
Paine, Ferliam, Peters, Pike, Pile, Plants, Poland,
Pomeroy, Price, Itauin, llobertson, Boots, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scotield, Shanks, Smith, Spalding, Stark-
weather, Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Tali'e,
Tlioinas.Trowbridge.Twieholl, Upson, Vnn Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Cad-
waladerC. Washburn, Elihu B. Was'hburne. Henry
D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welkcr,
Thomas Williams, William Williams. James F.Wil-
son. and John T. Wilson—112.
^ AYS—Messrs.Adams, Axtell, Beck, Brooks.Cary,
Eldridge, (lotz, Glossbrenner, Grover, Johnson,
Thomas L. Jones, Knott, Slaishall, Mungon, Nib-
laek, Phelps, Itoss, Stone, Taber,Lawrcnce S. Trim-
ble, and Van 'trump—21.
SOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Archor,Baker,
Barnes, Barnuin, Beaman, Bingham, Blaine, Boyer,
Broomali, Buekiand, Bun, Cake, Challicr, Reader
W. Clarke. Cornell, Dodge, Eggleston. Ferry, Fin-
ney, Fox, GoHaday, Gravely, Haight, llalsey. Hard-
ing, Hawkins, Uill, Holman, Hotchkiss, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, inger-
soll, Alexander II. Jones. Kelley, Kerr, Lailm, Lin-
coln, MeCormiek, McCullough, Mercur, Moornead,
Monell, JMonis.^ey, Newcoiub, Nicholson, Nunn,
Polsley, Pruyu, Randall, Robinson, Selye, Sholla-
barger, Sit,greaves, Aaron F. Stevens, Taylor. John
Trimble, Van Aukon, Van Wyck, Stephen F. Wilson,
Wmdom, Wood, AVoodbridge, and Woodward—65.
So the joint resolution was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. POLAND stated that his colleague [Mr.
Woodbkipgi;] was out of town on important
business ; if present he would have voted for
the resolution.
Theresultofthovote havingbcen announced
as above recorded,
Mr. BOUI'WELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that .the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INTERNAL TAX BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. The amendments of the
Senate to House bill No. 1281, to change and
inoie effectually secure the collection of inter-
nal revenue on distilled spirits and tobacco,
and to amend the tax on banks, have been re-
ferred by the House to the Committee of Ways
and Means. There were one hundred and
eighty-three amendments made by the Senate
to that bill, generally- verbal, but there are
some of them which are of substance, very te^v
of them. Since obtaining the printed bill this
morning containing those amendments we have
been diligently at work, but have considered
only some fifty-two or fifty-three of the amend-
ments. If we continue npon them we will
probably be able to report them back to the
House on Tuesday morning next with our
recommendations in regard to them. I have,
however, been instructed by the committee to
ask permission to report those amendments
back to the House, and ask that tliey all be
non-concurred in, and that a committee of
conference be requested upon them. In that
way we supoose there may be had a saving of
three or four days of time in the final disposition
of the bill. I hope, therefore, that there will
be no objection to that course being taken at
this time.
No objection was made.
The report was accordingly received.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the House
non-concur in the amendment of the Senate,
and request a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote just taken, and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. Piuce, on account of the illness of his
wife.
Indefinite leave of absence was also granted
to Mr. Van Horn, of Missouri, after to-day.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would inquire of the
Chair how many members were present when
the last vote was taken.
The SPEAKER. Only thirty-three more
than a quorum.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I give
notice that I shall hereafter object to the grant-
ing any leave of absence except for good
reason stated.
ENROLLED BILLS, ETC., STONED.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills and a joint
resolution of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (II. E. No. 378) to place the name
of Mahala M. Straight upon the pension-roll
of the United States ;
An act (II. R. No. 450) granting a pension
to the children of Pleasant Stoops ;
An act (II. II. No. 522) granting a pension
to W. W. Cunningham ;
An act (H. R. No. 525) granting a pension
to Jeremiah T. Hallett;
An act (H. 11. No. 650) providing for the
sale of a portion of the Fort Gratiot military
reservation in St. Clair county, in the State of
Michigan ;
An act (H. R. No. 676) granting a pension
to Thomas Connolly ;
An act (H. R. No. 677) granting a pension
to the children of James Ileatherly ;
An act (II. R. No. 770) granting a pension
to John II. Einlay ;
An act (H. R. No. 771) granting a pension
to John L. Lay ;
An act (H. R. No. 773) granting a pension
to William H. McDonald ;
An act (H. R. No. 825) granting a pension
to John W. Hughes;
An act (H. R. No. 1099) for the relief of
WaitTalcott; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 292) directing
the Secretary of War to sell damaged or un-
serviceable arms, ordnance, and ordnance
stores.
INDIAN EXPENSES.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of' the Interior, ti'ansmitting a com-
munication from the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, with an estimate of the appropriations
necessary to carry out treaty stipulations with
the Seneca and other Indians, lately ratified
by the Senate; which were referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting certain petitions forwarded by the
several military commanders, for the removal
of political disabilities; which were referred
to the Committee on Reconstruction.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPKIATION BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the t.wo Houses on House bill No.
005, making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1869,
submitted the following report:
Tho committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (li. 11. No. 005) making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for tho year ending
June 30, 1809, having met, after full and free con-
ference have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend, to their respective Houses, as follows:
That tho House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendmentsof the Senate
numbered 2, 3,12, 18, 19, 32, 37, 33, 42,43, 45, 46, 47, 48,
49, 52, 5i, 55, 56, 57, 58, 50. 61,62, 65,70, 71, 72,73.71, 75,
2. 83, 85, 87, 88, 90, 91, 93. 9-1, 95, 97, 99,103, 104,105,
171,172, 173, 174, 175, 170, 177, 178,179, ISO, 181,182,183,
181,194,1 , 200, 201, 202, 205, 205, 207, 20S, 209, 210,211,
212, 213, 21 i, 215, 216, 217, 218, 219, 220, 221,223, and 227,
and agreo to tho same.
That the Sonato locede from their amendments
numbered 15, 38, 50, 08, 69, 76, 77, 81, 86, 89, 92, 92!, 90,
90S, 98.101,1011,122,123.124, 125.126,127,135,136,106,
107, 185, ISO, 187, 197, 198, 204. and 220.
That the House lecede irom their disagreement to
tho eleventh amendment of tho Senate, and agree to
tho same with an amendment, as follows: at tho end
of said Senate amendment add thefollowiug: "Pro-
vided, That after the 30tb June, 1809, members "f
the Capitol police shall furnish at their own ex-
pense, each his own uniform, which shall be in exact
confonnity to regulation, and all provisions of law
requiring an appropriation for such uniform aro
hereby repealed."
That tho House recedc from their disagreement to
the fourteenth amendment of tho Senate, and agree
to tho snmo with an amendment, as follows: stnko
out of said amendment the word "live" and insert in
lieu thereof tho word "eight," and tho Senate agreo
to the same.
That the House recedo from their disagreement to
tho thirtieth amendment of tho Senate, and agree to
tho same with amendments, as follows: strike out all
of said amendment and insert in lieu thereo! the fol-
lowing : " For compensation to tbePrivato Secretary,
assistant secretary, whoshall be ashort-hand writer,
two clerks of class four, steward, and messenger ot
tho Prosidentof tho United States,$12,500: Provided,
for the year ending June 30,18G7, as authorizes the
President of the United States to appoint a clerk of
pardons, and one clerk <rt tho fourth class, is herooy
repealed," and tho Senate asrec to the same as so
modified.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho forty-first amendment of tho Senate, and agreo
to tho same with an amendment, as follows: at the
end of said amendment adcl tile following words:
••Provided, That the office of examiner of claims shall
be abolished on the 30th day of Juno, 1869," and tho
Senate agree to tho samo as so modified.
That tho House recede from their disagreement to
tho fifty-third amendment of tho Senate, and agree to
the samo with tho following amendments: strike out
of said amendment tho following words: "And for
temporary clerks $9,000;" and in line two of said
amendmentstrike out tho words "fifty-two thousand
seven hundred" and insert in lieu thereof the words
"forty-throe thousand soven hundred and forty,"
and tho Senato agree to tho samo.
That the HoiiSe recede from their disagreement to
the sixtieth amendment, of the Senate, and agree to
the same with an amendment, as follows: strike out
of said amendment the woid "three" and insert in
lieu thcrof tho word "two," and the Senato agree to
tho same.
That tho House recedo from their disagreement to
the sixty-third amendment of tho Senate, and agree
to tho 6,iibo with an amendment, as follows: strike
out of said amendment the words "lorty-two thousand
! and seven hundred" and insert ii; lieu thereof the
I words "forty thousand nine hundred and twenty,
I and the Senate agree to tho same.
! That tho House recede from their disagreement to
! tho sixty-fourth amondtnentof tlioSenate,and agreo
to the same with an amendment, as follows: stiiive
out of said amendment the word "four and lmert m
lieu thereof the word "three," and the Senate agree
to the same. .
, That the House recede from their disagreement to
j tho sixty-sixth amendment of the Senate, arid agree
■ to the same with amendments, as follows: strike out
1 of said amendment the word "nine" and insert in
' lieu thereof tho word "seven;" and on page 14 line
nino of the bill, strike out the word ' three and
insert in lieu the word " five," and the Senate agree
to the same. .
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho seventy-eighth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to thesaniewith amendments,asfollows: stri*ke
outofsaidamendmentthowords "onehundred" and
