1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
549
■virtue of the sovereignty of those States. In
not one of them was there a State government
republican in form, or in any other form in
harmony with the Government of the United
States. Did the officeholders who held office
under those State governments at the time
they revolted, did they all by a sort of presti-
digitation, by the operation of law go back to
the places they held when they went into war?
By 110 means. Other men had been selected
under other State governments which they had
set up. Not a single vestige of a single con-
stitutional State was left in any one of them at
the time this rebellion was suppressed.
Mr. MUNGEN rose.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no objection
to any gentleman interrupting me, provided I
have plenty of time to carry on that kind of
discussion, but not without.
That, sir, was the condition of these States—
an inchoate, chaotic, unorganized, dismem-
bered, disjointed mass of people upon land
which had constituted States of this Union.
The President now commenced the work of
organization without any authority of law; with-
out any constitutional right so to do he assumed
by his mere proclamation to call State conven-
tions, and dictated to the people of those States
what they should put into their constitutions
and what they should leave out. This has
never been recognized by the courts. The gov-
ernments set up in obedience to his dictation
have never been recognized by Congress. The
Senators and Representatives elected by the
States so constituted were refused admission
to the floors of Congress; and in admitting
Senators and Representatives or refusing to
admit them Congress recognizes or refuses to
recognize the government of a State as proper
and republican in form.
Now, sir, if I am right in all this, these
States are in no better condition-, now than
they were at the date of the surrender of their
soldiers. They were from that time to this
never recognized, nor any government they
have formed. We have refused to admit their
representatives. We have from time to time
passed laws regulating the keepingof the peace,
maintaining order, recognizing provisionally,
simply for the purpose of maintaining order,
such governments as we found there, just as
Congress may and has recognized such govern-
ments and institutions as they have found in
purchased or acquired territory, until they shall
have established a better government. That
is all we have done. That, then, is the con-
dition of these States.
Gentlemen say that this first section is not
true; that there are civil governments there
republican in form. I deny it. The Supreme
Court have said that the sovereignty of a State
resides in the people. The sovereignty of a
State is not in the people, and that State is not
republican in form where one half or the
majority of its citizens are deprived of the
elective franchise. What kind of a sovereignty
is that which exists in a minority of the people ?
What kind of republicanism is that where the
minority controls and makes laws for the ma-
jority ? 1 deny that any State is or ever was
republican where the majority of the people
were held as slaves, or were disfranchised;
and it requires no prophet or the son of a
prophet to predict that in the next fifty years
no one can be found who will say that that is
a republican State where the majority of its
people are slaves.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I propose to call the
attention of the House to another decision of
the Supreme Court. I* think I have shown
that the declaration is true that they have no
legal State governments in those States. Now,
I wish to read from another decision of the
Supreme Court, in order to show what that
court held in regard to this question, of whose
duty it is to declare whether a State has a
government in accordance with the Constitu-
tion. I refer to the celebrated Rhode Island
case, Luther vs. Borden, et al, to be found in
7 Howard's Reports. I ask the Clerk to read
from pages 42, 45, 46, and 47.
The Clerk read as follows:
"The fourth section of the fourth article of the
Constitution of tho United States provides that the
United States shall guaranty to every State in the
Union a republican iorrn ot government, and shall
protect each of them against invasion; and on the
application of the Legislature or of the Executive
(when the Legislature cannot be convened) against
domestic violence.
" Under this article of the Constitution it rests with
Congress to decide what government is the estab-
lished one in a State. For, as the United States guar-
anty to each State a republican government, Con-
gress mast necessarily decide what government is
established in the State before it can determine
whether it is republican or not. And when the Sen-
ators and Representatives of a State are admitted
into the councils of the Union the authority of the
government under which they are appointed, as well
as its republican character, is recogniied by the pro-
pereonscitutionalauthority. And itsdecisionisbind-
mg on every other department of the Government,
and cottid not be questioned in a judicial tribunal. It
j is true that the contest in this case did not last long
enough to bring the matter to this issue; and as no
Senators or Representatives were elected under the
authority of the government of which Mr. Dorr was
the head. Congress was not called upon to decide the
controversy. Yet the right to decide is placed there
and not in thecourts." *  ***
'The power given to the President in each case is
the same, with this difference only, that it cannot be
exercised by him in the latter case, except upon the
application of the Legislature or executive of the
State. The ease above mentioned arose out of a call
made by the President by virtue of the power con-
ferred by the first clause; and the court said that,
'whenever a statute gives a discretionary power to
any person, to be exercised by him upon his own opin-
ion of certain facts, it is a sound rule of construction
that the statute constitutes him the sole and exclusive
judge of the existence of tho=e facts.' The grounds
upon which that opinion is maintained are set torthin
tho report, and we think are conclusive. The same
&rinciple applies to the case now before the court.
ndoubtedly, if the Presidentin exercising this power
shall tall into error, or invade the rights of the people
of the State, it would be in the power of Congress to
afiply the proper remedy. But the courts must ad-
minister the law as they find it.
" The remaining question is whether the defend-
ants, acting under military orders issued under the
authority of the Government, were justified in break-
ing and entering the plaintiff's house. In relation
to the act of the Legislature declaring martial law,
it is not necessary in the case before us to inquire to
what extent nor under what circumstances that
power may be exercised by a State. Unquestion-
ably a military government, established as the per-
manent government of the State, would not be a
republican government, and it would be the duty
of Congress to overthrow it. But the law of Rhode
Island evidently contemplated no such government.
It was intended merely lor the crisis and to meet the
peril in which the existing Government Was placed
by the armed resistance to its authority. It was so
understood and construed by the State authorities.
And, unquestionably, a State may use its military
power to put down an armed insurrection too strong
to be controlled by the civil authority. The power
is essential to the existence of every government,
essential to the preservation of order and tree institu-
tions, and is as necessary to the States of this Union
as to any other government. The State itself must
determine what degree of force the crisis demands.
And if the government of Rhode Island deemed the
armed opposition so formidable and so ramified
throughout the State as to require the use of its
military lorce and the declaration of martial law,
we see no ground upon which this court can question
its authority. It was a state of war, and the estab-
' lished government resorted to the rights and usages
;i of war to maintain itself and to overcome the un-
i lawtul opposition. And in that state of things the
j! officers engaged in its military service mi?ht lawfully
, arrest any one who, lrom the information before
them, they had reasonable grounds to believe was
engaged in the insurrection; and might order a house
to be forcibly entered and searched when there were
reasonable grounds for supposing he misht bo there
' concealed." * * * * * * * *
" Much of the argument on the part of the plaintiff
1 turned upon political rights and political questions,
upon which the oourt has been urged to express an
opinion. We decline doing so. The high power has
been conferred on this court of passing judgment
upon the acts of the State sovereignties and of the
1 legislative and executive branches of the Federal
Government, and of determining whether they are
beyond the limits of power marked out for them
respectively by the Constitution of the United States.
This tribunal, therefore, should be the last to over-
l step the boundaries which limit its own jurisdiction,
1 and while it should always be ready to meet any
question confided to it by the Constitution, it is
! equally its duty not to pass beyond its appropriate
sphere of action, and to take care not to involve itself
in discussions which properly belong to othcrforums.
No one, we believe, has ever doubted the proposition
that according to the institutions of this country the
sovereignty in every State resides in the people of the
State, and that they may alter and change their form
of government at their own pleasure; but whether
they have changed it or not by abolishing an old
government and establishing a new one in its place
is a question to be settled by the political power, and
when that power has decided the courts are bound
to take notice of that decision and to follow it."
Mr. BUTLER. Will the gentleman from
Illinois yield for a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will do so if it is
the pleasure of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will stnte that
there are probably twice as many gentlemen
who desire to speak on this bill as will have an
opportunity of speaking before the time for
debate expires.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I will go on a
now. It had occurred to me that it would
probably be unfair to other gentlemen if I did
not proceed.
Mr. Speaker, I have had the opinion of the
Supreme Court in the Rhode Island case read
for the purpose of bringing before the House
freshly—the doctrine is not new at all—that
opinion of the court which places this whole
question in the hands of the political power of
the Government. In that decision they declare
that the question is a political oue, that the
question what institutions or what government
of a State shall be recognized by the Govern-
ment of the United States is a political ques-
tion, and the court goes on to say that, jealous
of its own power and rights, jealous of the
encroachments of other departments of the
Government, the court should be very careful
how it encroaches upon the prerogatives of the
other departments and attempts to entertain
ft political question with which it has nothing
to do. I commend that decision to the atten-
tion of gentlemen upon the other side of the
House who have so much to say about our
having no constitutional authority to declare
what is and what is not to be recognized as the
institutions and government of a State. If
that decision was the law then it is the law
now. It was the decision of the whole court,
and if it was the law we have a right to declare,
and no other department can say no, what
State governments we will and what State
governments we will not recognize as legal and
republican in form.
I think I have said enough npon that point
in answer to the constitutional objections which
have been raised upon the other side of the
House. As I said in the outset, in my opinion,
we might as well have left off the latter portion
of this first section, for when Congress has once
placed that declaration on record, that these
State governments are not legal, the Executive
and the courts have no right to recognize them
at all and probably will not. I pass to the next
section.
Considerable complaint is mat'e of that sec-
tion because it transfers to General Grant the
powers heretofore given to the President in
reference to the detail of officers for the com-
mand of these several districts and the removal
of civil officers within those districts. It is said
that, as the Constitution declares that the Pres-
ident shall be the Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy, Congress has no right to pre-
scribe the duties of any subordinate officer.
The gentleman last up said that, as the Consti-
tution required the President to take an oath
that he will see that the laws are faithfully
executed, we have no right to provide that any
lesser officer shall execute those laws. Why,
sir, the President does not execute the laws.
He does not take an oath that he will execute
the laws. The laws are executed by subordi-
nates, by agents provided by Congress for their
execution, and when we provide by law that
General Grant shall do this or that it is still
as much a part of the duty of the President to
see that General Grant executes this law as it
is his duty to see that any other agent of the
Government executes any other law.
We pass laws providing that the marshals
and clerks of the United States shall perform
this and that duty. It is the duty of the Presi-
dent to see that those officers perform the
duties required of them by law. We make
laws that the subordinate officers of the Army
shall do this and that thing, and it is the duty
of the President to see that those laws are
executed. This provision of the Constitu-
tion means nothing more nor less than this:
the President is Commander-in-Chief of the
Army, and snail command the Army subject
to the law of the land, for the execution of the
