1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W33
are to be reinstated because of their stump
speaking and their influence in controlling the
masses in the South I think we had better wait
until a new set of men come to the surface in
the South, and see if some men who always
have been loyal and are likely always to be
loyal will not arise in their place who will
control the affairs of the South in the interest
of the multitude, of the masses of the people,
and not in the interest of the few. Sir, those
Union men who stood firm through fire and
sword, those men of whom it is said that they
fed our prisoners of war, I would, if they have
been in any way implicated in the rebellion,
relieve them from disability as quick as any
man upon this floor. But as to those who have
fought four years against the Government—
as the Q-overnment is still trembling in the
balance, as the controversy is not even yet
ended, and we know not where it will termi-
nate—it seems to me that they can afford to
wait until a thorough investigation can be
made.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man yield to me for a few minutes?
Mr. SCIIENCK. I desire that the previous
question shall be called on this motion. How
much time have I left?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has ten
minutes remaining.
Mr. SCIiENCK. I will divide that time
between my colleague [Mr. Ashley] and the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth.]
1 yield first to my colleague for five minutes,
and then I will yield to the gentleman from
Illinois on the promise that he will call the
previous question before long.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. 1 hope the motion
of my colleague [Mr. Schencik] will not pre-
vail. Some two months ago I introduced a
memorial asking for relief from disabilities of
the gentlemen named in this bill who reside in
North Carolina. That memorial was signed by
a large number of the members of the conven-
tion in North Carolina.
Private letters which I have received from
gentlemen who formerly resided in Ohio, from
North Carolina, satisfies me that every man
named in this bill, and one or two others of whom
I have personal knowledge, ought to have this
relief granted.
It is, I think, two months since that petition
was referred to the Reconstruction Committee.
Since that time Mr. Holden, of North Carolina,
has been nominated by the loyal men in that
State for Governor, and, as every member of
the House knows, no man in North Carolina
lias performed more work and labored more
faithfully for the reorganization of that State
than Mr. Holden, whom we are called upon to
relieve from the disability underwhich he labors
on account of participation in the rebellion.
Now, sir, I do not expect this House to
order any committee of this body to prepare a
written report and place it upon the public
records of the country giving all the reasons
why relief should be granted in such cases.
Prom a general knowledge I may be able to
vote for the ienef of a man. I am willing to
be very liberal, and whenever the loyal men of
the southern States come here and ask for the
relief of a man in their locality, or when a
convention, which is in session under the law
of Congress, asls>. for the relief of any citizen
of their State, I stand ieady and willing to
grant that relief, in order that we may stiengtlien
the arm of every man who comes to the aid of
this Government in building up constitutional
governments in the South. I hope, therefore,
that this bill will not be recommitted, but that
the gentleman in charge of it [Mr. Bingham]
will demand the previous question upon the
bill and put it upon its passage now.
Mr. SCHENOK resumed the floor.
Mr. GARMEIjp. Will my colleague yield
1o ir.e for a few words?
Mr. iSCHENCK. For how long a time?
Mr. GARFIELD. For three minutes.
Mr. SCIiENCK. I will yield to my col-
league for three minutes.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I do not
know enough about all the persons named in
this bill to be able to say positively whether
we should pass it or not in its present shape.
I do not very much care whether the motion
of my colleague [Mr. Schenuk] to recommit
this bill shall prevail or not, though upon the
whole I rather prefer to have the bill recom-
mitted. We cannot hope to adopt, we ought
not to adopt, any such doctrine as the one
advocated by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Miller,] that we shall not re-
move the disability from any of these men
until we go down into their hearts and ascer-
tain whether they are really penitent for all
they did during the war. It seems to me it is
enough for us to be assured that a man of influ-
ence, of power, is earnestly working, and will
continue to work, in assisting us to restore the
States lately in rebellion. Any man who is
willing to do that, any man who furnishes us
satisfactory evidence that he will so act in
good faith, I am willing and anxious that such
relief shall be extended to him as this bill
proposes.
We have none too many friends in the South
now. There are none too many tlierewho are
willing, honestly and fairly, to accept, the situ-
ation. It belongs not to us but to the Searcher
of all hearts to decide whether a man sincerely
loves the Union. All we can fairly ask is
that he will do what is required, and as soon
as we are assured of that we should be willing
to remove the disabilities now imposed upon
him by our laws.
One word more. I have learned to believe
that those men who fought us most honorably
are generally the most reliable when they pro-
fess their desire to see the restoration policy
fully carried out. I have far more confidence
in an honorable enemy, who fought us in open,
manly warfare, than I have in a man who gave
only his spirit to the rebellion but kept his
body out of danger.
It is no objection, in my mind, to this bill
that there is named in it a man who fought
against us with all his power under the mis-
taken doctrine of State sovereignty or other
political delusions, but who now, seeing his
great and fatal mistake, is willing to help re-
store what he once tried to destroy. I believe
no better doctrine can be adopted by us than
that which the Apostle Paul announced on one
occasion, when he " thanked God that the gospel
was preached, even though it was through
envy and strife." And I am thankful to have
any man, for whatever reason, work with us
in seeking to restore this Union. If I am sure
he will act right I shall not look too curiously
into his motives, but will vote to remove the
legal disabilities which we have imposed upon
him.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield the remain-
der of my time to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Farnsworth,] with the understanding
that he will call the previous question on my
motion to recommit when he shall have con-
cluded his remarks.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I was
very glad to hear the remarks of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] who last
addressed the House. It seems to me there
are but two courses for us to take in order to
avoid what in my judgment would be a very
great calamity, that is, having in those ten
States a white man's party and a black man's
party. Certainly everybody would deplore that
condition of things; for when it comes to that
—when the people are divided into two parties
upon the basis of color, the black man's party
will go to the dust. We want to avoid that;
and in order to do so, we must do one of two
things—either adopt a liberal system of remov-
ing disabilities from the men upon whom they
have been imposed, or else open the door to
all of them, allowing universal suffrage and
permitting everybody to hold office. I tell this
House that unless we begin, and begin soon,
to remove disabilities from the men in the
South who accept the condition of things cheer-
fully and with good heart, it will not be long
before the door will be thrown wide open, ana
rebels, though steeped to the very eyes in the
blood of Union men, will be allowed to go to
the polls and to control political affairs.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Miller,] if he had known more about this
subject, would never have talked as helms done.
Why, sir, I have upon my desk a petition for
the removal of disabilities from some fifty men
in Alabama. And who are they? I believe
every one of them is a member-elect to the
Legislature, chosen by Union votes. Yet each
of these men is disqualified by the constitu-
tional provision from holding auy office in the
State of Alabama. I am assured by very in-
telligent gentlemen from that State that in
many parts of the State a greater number ol
loyal than of disloyal men are disfranchised by
this provision of the Constitution. I have no
doubt the case is the same in North Carolina.
In those portions of the rebel States where
there was not very much slavery, there was be-
fore the war a system of rotating in the hold-
ing of offices, such a system as we have in the
northern States. A man, after being for a
year or two a clerk of the circuit court, or the
county court, or a probate judge, would give
placc to another; while in a heavy pro-slavery
district an office would be held by one family
for fifty years, descending as a sort of heirloom
from father to son. In such regions fewer men
held offices than held them in the loyal por-
tions of those States. Consequently during
the war these men were all watched. Detect-
ives were upon their track. In order to
avoid being hanged, perhaps, they subscribed
something toward raising a rebel'regiment, or
toward getting a rebel flag, or they enlisted in
the home-guards, or they held some petty of-
fice. By such acts they are now disqualified.
Gentlemen have a good deal to say about
Longstreet and Orr. Longstreet fought us
gallantly, bravely, boldly; and I, like the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] have
a great deal more confidence in the soldier of
the South, who, taking his life in his hand,
went into the field and fought us there gallantly
and bravely, than I have in the stay-at-home",
either there or here. When Longstreet saw that
he was engaged in a bad work he gave it up.
Mr. MULL1NS. When did he see it?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. lie saw it as soon
as the rebellion began to be crippled. But I
do not carc wnen he saw it; he saw it some
time ; and now, without probing very deeply
the recesses of Longstreet's heart, I would
only inquire, is he acting heartily with the
loyal people of the country ? Does he accept
the situation cheerfully?
Mr. MULL1NS. He does, under duress.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not care
whether it is under duress or not. One man
like Longstreet can do the loyal cause in the
South more good than a thousand ordirury
men. I know this: that because of bis course
since the war he has been setupon, denounced,
and ostracised by the whole rebel horde of the
South.  
Mr. MULLINS. Then he cannot (Jo ns
much good.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. "Cannot do us
much good!" Yes, he can; because he has
influence with thousands of soldiers in the
South—not the sneaking, stay-at-home news-
paper editors who are denouncing him. Long-
street desires those States to be reconstructed
upon a loyal basis, upon the basis, too, of
loyal suffrage. He is heartily and in good
faith acting with us.
I want to stop now and inquire what Long-
street really did? I do not know that he ever
murdered anybody. I believe that he was
regarded by all our soldiers as an honorable
soldier. I never heard him accused of starving
anybody or of murdering prisoners of war. I
believe that he conducted the war according
to the rules of civilized warfare. He fought
us and he fought us bravely.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Was he
not an officer of our Army previous to the war?
