1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2957
be sued at all, for executing a precept which
has gone into his hands. The officer is made
to refund, not simply the money, but the costs
attendant upon this complicated proceeding.
I say, as revenue measutfis, without reference
to the rights of the citizen, it is better to con-
fer upon the citizen the right of injunction in
the first instance than to incorporate this pro-
vision.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is precisely the policy
in reference to duties on imports.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does not the gentleman
know that from 1862 to 1867 proceedings by
injunction were allowable in the courts?
Mr. MAYNARD. I am speaking of the col-
lection of duties on imports.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to insert in the
fifth line the words, "after judgment without
collusion between the parties to said suit."
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. MILLER. I move that the committee
rise.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 18, noes 28 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. MILLER. I now move that the com-
mittee rise.
Several Members. Oh, let us go on a few
minutes longer.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is no quorum, and.
we ought not to transact business of such im-
portance with so few.
Mr. SCHENCK. If there is a determined
purpose to break up the committee, when we
might go on fifteen or twenty minutes longer,
doing business, and that is avowed, I cannot
help it.
Mr. HIGBY. We have been in session long
enough to-day. It was five o'clock when we
took a recess this afternoon, and now it is
after ten. If we run this thing at this rate we
shall break down.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ha"ve sat here longer
than the gentleman.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will order
tellers.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is not necessary. I
move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Pomeroy re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the special order, being the bill
(H. R. No. 1000) to reduce into one act and
to amend the laws relating to internal taxes,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
1uver and harbor bill.
Mr. ELIOT. I renew the motion I made
this morning, that the Committee of the Whole
be discharged from the further consideration
of the river and harbor bill.
The SPEAKER. That requires unanimous
consent or a suspension of the rules.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object; there is no
quorum present.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. SCHENCK. I object.
Mr. HOPKINS. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. ELIOT. What effect will an adjourn-
ment have on my motion ?
The SPEAKER. It will be the first busi-
ness in order after the close of the morning
hour on Monday next.
The motion to adjourn was agreed to ; and
thereupon (at ten o'clock and fifteen minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees: ,
By Mr. BENJAMIN: A remonstrance of
citizens of Oauton, Missouri, against any
change in tax on cigars.
By Mr. DIUGGS: a remonstrance of Jonn
Reiley, Charles Hart, and 481 others, of
Detroit, Michigan, against an increased tax on
cigars.
By Mr. EGGLESTON : A memorial of the
Cincinnati Chamber of Commerce, praying
for congressional aid to secure an early com-
pletion of the Kansas Pacific railroad.
By Mr. GARFIELD : The petition of Ser-
geant Thomas G. Baird, late of the Signal corps,
for bounty.
Also, the petition of officers of the Army,
for the continuance of the thirty-three and one
third per cent, additional pay.
Also, the petition of F. E. Garnett, for pay
as lieutenant for a period during which he was
commissioned but not mustered in.
Also, the petition of J. E. Woodward, of
Paducah, Kentucky, for relief from unjust lit-
igation on account of acts done under military
authority.
By Mr. HILL: Letter of General E. L.
Campbell, New Jersey State agent, asking pen-
sion for Christopher Farley, who, at the assas-
sination of Mr. Lincoln, was ordered out on a
tug-boat by the Quartermaster General in pur-
suit of the assassins, the boat being run down
and Farley losing his life.
By Mr. LINCOLN: A remonstrance of
D. B. Stewart and others, of Ithaca, New
York, against an increase of the tax on cigars.
By Mr. LOAN : Thepetition of cigar-makers
and dealers in tobacco of St. Joseph, Missouri,
against an increase of the tax on cigars and
tobacco.
By Mr. MORRELL: The petition of Dun-
bar, Walters & Co. and 24 other firms and
individuals engaged in the printing and pub-
lishing business in Boston, Massachusetts, rep-
resenting that the productive interests of the
country are suffering and its industry paral-
yzed for want of sufficient protection against
the cheaper labor and capital of foreign coun-
tries, and praying for such modifications in the
tariff laws as will secure to our own producers
the markets of our own country.
By Mr. PRICE : The petition of 1G8 citizens
of the States of Iowa and Missouri, asking for
a grant of land to aid in the construction of
the Iowa and Missouri State Line railroad.
Also, the petition of Isaac N. Coudery, a
soldier of the war of 1812, asking for a pension.
Also, the petition of 50 citizens of Daven-
port, 1'owa, asking that no change be made in
the manner of taxing cigars.
By Mr. STOKES : A memorial of citizens
along the Tennessee river, asking an appropri-
ation for its improvement.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 9, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. James J. Kaxe, chaplain
United States Navy.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have received and
been requested to present to the Senate a
memorial, or a statement in the nature of a
memorial, addressed to the Senate and House
of Representatives of the United States in
Congress assembled, signed by Mrs. Eliza Pot-
ter, of South Carolina. The petition sets forth
the fact that Mr. and Mrs. Potter were persons
of large wealth in the city of Charleston, South
Carolina, at the commencement of the rebel-
lion; that they were devoted friends of the
Union ; that during the prosecution of the war
they expended very large sums for the support,
maintenance, and comfort of the Union pris-
oners there, especially those who were sick and
wounded. Their expenditures for that pur-
pose amounted to nearly forty thousand dollars,
expended in the city of Charleston, in the State
of South Carolina, and also in the State of
North Carolina. This expenditure was made
by them without any expectation whatever of
ever receiving any reward, because they were
at that time very wealthy; but in consequence
of the raid which was made by General Potter,
and the raids also made by rebel generals,
their property was absolutely destroyed. A
large mass of cotton which was in their hands
was burned, some by the army on one sido and
some by the army on the other, in conse-
quence of which they have become reduced
in circumstances to poverty. This memorial
setting forth these faets does not claim that
Congress should pay anything for the property
which was destroyed, but it is presented to
Congress with a view of knowing whether Con-
gress would not be willing to pay them the
amount which they may be able to show they
actually expended for the benefit of Union
prisoners and to aid them in the States of
South Carolina and North Carolina.
In connection with this memorial I have
other papers, and among the rest a letter
addressed to me by the honorable Judge Word-
ing, whom I personally know very well, and for
whose integrity I can vouch, stating substan-
tially the same facts. This lady was most dis-
tinguished as the friend of the Union prisoners,
devoted in attention to them under all cir-
cumstances, at the risk even of life and the
destruction of her property.
I have also a letter addressed to Chief Jus-
tice Chase on the same subject.
I desire, Mr. President, in presenting this
memorial, to ask that it may be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
with instructions that that committee inquire
how much money was actually paid out and
expended by the petitioner for the support,
and comfort of the Upion prisoners during the
rebellion, and report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. CONNESS. That is never done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The ques-
tion is on referring the memorial to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs with instructions.
Mr. WILSON. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CONNESS. A memorial is never
accompanied by a resolution of instructions.
A memorial is a request to do certain things
upon a presentation of facts, but the facts must
be ascertained first by an investigation. I
hope these instructions will not be adopted.
Let this memorial take the ordinary course
and go to our committee, and let them use
their judgment in regard to it.
Mr. DOOLITTL15. All the instructions
are that the committee shall simply inquire
into the facts.
Mr. CONNESS. It directs them.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It simply directs them
to inquire into the faets as to how much money
was actually expended for the benefit of Union
prisoners, with no instructions to report in
favor of paying that sum, but simply to inquire
into that fact.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask for the reading of
the instructions.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the memorial of Mrs. Eliza Potter,
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
tbe Militia, with instructions to inquire how much
was actually paid and expended by her for tho sup-
port of Union prisoners during the rebellion, and
to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that will not be
done, but that the memorial will be referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. POMEROY. I think this petition
should go to the Committee on Claims. I
presented a similar petition some time ago
and had it referred to that committee. I did
not suppose they needed any special instruc-
tion. That committee always attead to their
business.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection
myself to itsgoing to the Committeeon Claims;
but I supposed, as it was in_ relation to ex-
penditures for the Union prisoners, it would
more naturally go to the Committeeon Military
Affairs. That is the only reason why I named
that committee.
Mr. CONNESS. Why, Mr. President, there
is a memorial and evidence now with the Com-
mittee on Claims of this body m one case that
I am
somewhat acquainted with,where a Union
man has been ruined in one of the States ot
th^ South, and the case has to go through
