2958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June %
gradually the investigations that are commonly
made here. I hope that this will take the
ordinary routine. I move its reference to the
Committee -on Claims.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Let the
instructions be read.
The Chief Clerk again read the resolution.
Mr. HOWARD. The shortest way would
be, I suppose, to vote directly on that resolu-
tion, and if it is defeated to move the refer-
ence of the memorial to a committee.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If Senators think there
is anything very unusual about this, if there is
anything further than simply to inquire into the
facts, I do not wish to press this matter to go
to the Committee on Military Affairs. I have
no preference as to the committee. I have no
objection to its taking the ordinary usual course
of reference, but I suppose there would be
nothing improper in the instructionswhich are
mentioned in this resolution. Honorable gen-
tlemen are not at all acquainted with this par-
ticular case, I presume, or I think they would
have no objection to its taking the course I
have suggested. But I see some opposition
manifested, and some desire that it should go
to the Committee on Claims. I am perfectly
willing to modify the motion and refer it to
the Committee on Claims without any instruc-
tions whatever; but I desire to submit to that
committee certain letters which I have in my
hand, in connection with the memorial, and to
call their attention specially to the facts. I do
not believe in the history, of the world there is
anything to surpass the devotion of this lady
and the sacrifices she made and the expendi-
tures she made for the benefit of the Union
prisoners.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not intend to have
the Senator from Wisconsin understand that I
objected to this particular claim; only that
other claims of the same character had gone
to the Committee on Claims, and as they were
making investigations in other cases I thought
they should investigate this.
Mr. HOWE. I do not think there is any
sort of necessity that this or any other particu-
lar claim should go to the Committee on
Claims. In point of fact, the Committee on
Claims is incumbered with work which it can-
not do, certainly cannot do at this session, and
I do not think there is any hope of doing it.
My colleague seems to have paid some atten-
tion to the facts in this case, and would be of
great assistance to the Military Committee, of
which he is a member, in the examination of
this case, and there is positive ecouomy, it
seems to me, in allowing the Military Commit-
tee to examine it, because they can have assist-
ance which the Committee on Claims cannot
have, so far as I know, from the fact that there
is no member of that committee who knows
anything about the merits of the case. I think
it should go without instructions to the Military
Committee, or to any other committee to whom
it does go. I hope it will be allowed to go to
the Military Committee; there is nothing in
the constitution of that committee which for-
bids it taking jurisdiction of this case, and
nothing in the constitution of the Committee
on Claims which requires it to take jurisdic-
tion.
Mr. HOWARD. This is simply a claim for
compensation or indemnity; it does not differ
from any other claim in any essential respect.
Why not, then, refer it to the appropriate com-
mittee established by the Senate for the invest-
igation of claims against the Government ? I
think it had better go there.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well. Then I hope
that the vote will be taken on the resolution
and that it will be defeated, and that then the
memorial will bo referred to the Gommittee on
Claims, unless the Senator withdraws the res-
olution.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have modified the
motion so as to make it a motion to refer to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HOWARD. Has the Senator modified
it so as to strike out the instructions?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir; to make it
simply a motion of reference to the Committee
on Claims, and I hope my honorable friend
from Michigan will look into this.
Mr. HOWARD. I will look into it prob-
ably as carefully as the Senator from Wis-
consin.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pres-
ent motion is to refer the memorial to the
Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 present the memorial of
John Hart and other citizens of Minnesota,
cigar-makers, dealers in cigars, and growers
of and dealers in seed-leaf tobacco, who respect-
fully represent that the present rate of internal
revenue tax on cigars has proved to be the
most equitable and satisfactory rate of taxation
ever assessed upon their branch of industry;
and they deem the proposed change of rate
from five to ten dollars one calculated to work
injuriously both to the trade and the revenue.
I move the reference of this memorial lo the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON presented two petitions of
journeymen cigar-makers of Pennsylvania,
praying that the tax of five dollars per thousand
on domestic cigars and the tariff on imported
cigars may remain unchanged ; which were
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of cigar manu-
facturers, journeymen cigar-makers, dealers in
cigars, and growers of and dealers in seed-leaf
tobacco, of Lancaster, Pennsylvania, praying
the adoption of the system of collecting the
revenue on cigars by making the stamp a reve-
nue stamp instead of an inspector's stamp,
sold only to licensed manufacturers; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Pittsburg and Alleghany, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing ail appropriation for the enlargement of the
St. Mary's ship-canal; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented the petition of underwrit-
ers of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, praying the
passage of a law making premiums for insur-
ance a lien in admiralty ; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented the
petition of Brown Brothers and others, busi-
ness men of Chicago, respectfully requesting
that Congress commission Mr. S. N. Goodale
to introduce among Indians hand looms and
such material as will attract their attention and
lead the Indians to fabricate their own gar-
ments ; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Ho also presented the petition of. Henry C.
Whitney, praying that the title to the Osage
diminished reserve and trust lands be ex-
tinguished and the same offered for sale to
actual settlers; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of the
heirs-at-law of the late Thomas Lawson, Sur-
geon General United States Army, praying
compensation for the use, by the Government,
of certain property in the city of V ashing ton;
which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. COLE presented resolutions of the
Legislature of California in favor of the pas-
sage of a law authorizing that State to select
lands granted to the State for the benefit of an
agricultural college from the even-numbered
sections within any railroad reservations;
which were referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. MORGAN presented a resolution of the
Louisville Board of Trade, concurred in by the
New York Chamber of Commerce, praying a
reduction of the tax on distilled spirits ; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. YATES presented a petition of citizens
of Illinois and Iowa, praying the construction
of a bridge across the Mississippi river between
Rock Island, Illinois, and Davenport, Iowa;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
REPOBTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, reported a bill (S. No; 528) to
carry into effect the d^pree of the district court
of the United States for the southern district
of New York in the case of the British steamer
Labnan; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
He also presented papers relative to the sub-
ject-matter of the bill; which were ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (S. No. 93) grant-
ing permission to officers and soldiers to wear
the badge of the corps in which they served
during the rebellion, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (EL R. No.
262) authorizing certain distilled spirits to be
turned over to the Surgeon General for the
use of the Army hospitals, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
266) to authorize the enlargement of the Hygeia
Hotel at Fortress Monroe, Virginia, reported
it without amendment.
j. v. taylou's mixing report.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred
a resolution for printing the report of James
W. Taylor upon gold and silver mines and
mining east of the Rocky mountains, to report
it back without amendment and recommend
its passage. I ask for its present consideration.
No objection being made, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution :
Resolved, That the same number of copies of the
letter of the Secretary of the Treasury inclosing the
report of Ju,wes W. l°r upon gold and silver
mines and mining east ot the Koeky momstatn.; be
printed for tho use of the Senace as are ordered of
the report ot J.ltoss Browne oa the mineral resourees
of the Pacific States and Territories; and that said
reports be bound together.
Mr. COLE. It seems to me that if these
reports are printed together they will make a
large and cumbersome volume. The report
of J. Ross Browne, which has already been
ordered to be published, is considerably larger
than tho volume issued last year which con-
tained both Browne's and Taylor's reports. I
think, with all deference to the committee,
that they ought to be published separately,
being two distinct volumes. I have a great
many applications for the report of J. Ross
Browne and none for the report as to the mines
east of the Rocky mountains. I should per-
haps be able, if they were published separately,
to exchange some of the reports of Taylor for
those of Browne, and so accommodate the pub-
lic much better. I submit to the chairman of
the committee, therefore, that the resolution
be so changed that the reports may be bound
in separate volumes.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am quite indifferent us
to that. The resolution was offered bv the
Senator from Minnesota, [Mr. Ramsey,] and
I mentioned to him at first the objection which
the Senator from California states ; but upon
consulting with the Congressional Printer he
informed me that the report ot' Mr. Taylor was
short and that the two together would not make
a larger volume than we are accustomed to
print; and in accordance with that information
I reported this resolution ; but I have Sorgotten
the exact number of pages, and if it is more
convenient to Senators who are specially inter-
ested in these matters, to have the report sep-
arate, I shall make no objection.
Mr. COLE, 1 should like to know some-
thing as to the size of the report of Mr. Taylor
as compared with that of J. Ross Browne.
. Mr. rUIERil AN, It is oujy one hundred
pages. ^ ^
Mr. RAMSEY. There are but five hundred
pages in the whole volume containing both
reports, and that is not unwieldy,
i Mr. COLE. I understood when the matter
