550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
law of the land, and in accordance with the
directions contained in the laws of the land.
It is true, we cannot take from the President the
right to be Commander-in-Chief of the Army;
we cannot say that General Grant shall com- |
mand the President, or that any lower officer j
shall command the President to do this or !
that; but we can say that General Grant shall
' command the Army, and we have said it. We
said so in the bills by which and in pursuance
of which he was made first Lieutenant General
and then General of the Army.
While sitting here listening to the remarks
of the gentleman who last addressed the House
[Mr. Beci£] I found in about five minutes, while
looking over the acts of the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, and of one session of that Congress, at
least six or eight laws where Congress provided
by law that the Secretary of War should do this
or that with the Army, and that the Secretary
of the Navy should do this or that with the N avy;
and Andrew Johnson signed those bills. I will
call your attention to some of those laws, with-
out reading from them, though I have them
before me. We provided that the Secretary of
War should assign officers of the Army to the
charge of the Military Academy. Well, sir. if
we can make a law that the Secretary of War
shall assign officers of the Army to take charge
of the Military Academy we can pass laws that
the Secretary of War shall assign officers to take
command of the district of South Carolina. And
if we can pass a law that the Secretary of War
may do that, we can provide that any other sub-
ordinate may do it. Yet the President signed
that bill.
We also provided by law that the Secretary
of War should detail commissioned officers
and enlisted men from the battalion of en-
gineers for the performance of signal duty.
And if we can provide that the Secretary of
War may do this, without the order of the
President; if we can provide that the Secretary
of War shall detail officers and men for the
performance of signal duty, then we can pro-
vide that he may detail officers and men for
the performance of equally " signal" duty by
the arrest of rebels and protection of Union
men. We provided by law that the Secretary
of War might detail officers and enlisted men
for the establishment of schools at garrisons
and the protection of camps. We also pro-
vided by law that the Secretary of War should
determine how long the provost marshal gen-
eral's office and bureau should be continued,
and the President, though Commander-in-
Chief of the Army, also signed those bills.
The President is also Commander-in-Chief of
Navy, yet we provided by law that the Secre-
tary of the Navy should detail a steam vessel
to assist in laying the telegraph cable between
the Western and Eastern continents, and the
President signed that bill February 26, 1866.
We also provided by law that the Secretary
of the Navy should determine who should be
promoted to the grade of rear admiral on the
retired list; and we also provided by law that
the Secretary of the Navy should detail offi-
cers for the examination of candidates for
the naval volunteer service; and we also
provided that the Secretary of the Navy
should be authorized to retain or appoint under
existing laws such volunteer officers of the
Navy as the exigencies of the service might
require.
You can hardly cast your eye on a single act
in reference to either the War or the Navy De-
partment during either of the last two Con-
gresses without finding some provision giving
power to the Secretary of War, or the Secretary
of the Navy, or the General of the Army, pre-
cisely like the power which the bill under con-
sideration proposes to put in the hands of Gen-
eral Grant; and in everyone of those instances
Andrew Johnson approved and signed the bills.
If the bill under consideration is unconstitu-
tional then all those bills were unconstitu-
tional. That is all I have to say about that.
Yet no gentleman raised the point here when
any of those bills were under Consideration.
And we all know that though Mr. Johnson
is extremely careful of any encroachment upon'
his prerogatives and rights, he raised no point
of the kind. Why, sir, does not the Constitu-
tion give to Congress the right to make rules
and regulations for the government of the
Army and the Navy? Certainly it does; and
in pursuance of that right have we not made
regulations and articles of war? And is it not
as much the duty of the President of the Uni-
ted States to see that those articles of war and
those rules and regulations which have been
established by Congress are conformed to and
executed as it is to see that any other law of
Congress is executed?
Another section of this bill—the next sec-
tion, I believe, in order—provides that the
President shall not use any part of the land or
naval forces in behalf of those illegal govern-
ments in the revolted States as against the
power of the General Government. Now, I
am free to confess, Mr. Speaker, that in my
opinion this provision also is surplusage; that
it amounts to little else than a declaration
that it shall be unlawful for the President to
violate the laws. But it does no harm in the
bill; for it is necessary that we should give to
this man, Andrew Johnson, "line upon line
and precept upon precept; here a little and
there a little." It is necessary that we should
hem him in. Why, sir, if the Senate had last
July agreed to that provision passed by this
House, putting this power in the hands of Gen-
eral Grant, we should not now have to com-
plain of the state of things existing in many
of those revolted States. Sheridan would have
been continued, and within a very few weeks
from the time when he was removed would
have carried out what he had intended and what
ought to have been done. He would have re-
moved every rebel officer within his department,
from governor to constable, and appointed loyal
men in their places. Sickles, the gallant Sickles
—maimed and mutilated in the service of the
Republic—would have been retained in his
place. He would have maintained order and
Eeace within his department. Pope would not
ave been removed. None of these acts, which
have greatly encouraged the rebels, would have
taken place.'
Why, sir, last July, when we passed that
supplemental reconstruction bill, and up to the
time of the adjournment of Congress and the
removal of those officers by the President, the
rebels were comparatively subdued. They were
quiet. They suffered elections to be fairly held.
Members of the conventions of these several
States were elected. No violence was used to
keep men away from the polls. The rebels
respect power. Whenever they find power
over them they respect it. When that power
is withdrawn they cease to have any respect
for either the Government of the United States
or the power which is afar off. Put that power
over them again. Let them understand that
the rights of the freedmen and loyal men in
those States shall be maintained at all hazards,
and again they will take to their holes, they
will withdraw to their houses, they will become
the peaceful, law-abiding, respectable "south-
ern gentlemen'' that they were while Sheridan
and Sickles were in command.
The gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood,]
who was not permitted to conclude his speech,
commenced it by an onslaught upon this side
of the House because of an attack, as he said,
upon a very gallant officer, because that officer
would not obey the behests of Congress, but
"had some respect to the civil power and the
courts." But I know very well, if reports
from that district are true, the reason why
that gallant officer has commended himself so
greatly to the affections of these gentlemen.
It is for the same reason that Sheridan—the
gallant uPhil. Sheridan"—secured their con-
demnation. Sheridan was the idol of the loyal
men and the freedmen in Louisiana and Texas.
Hancock, I regret to say, is the idpl of the dis-
loyal—the rebels, the traitors, the enemies of
the Government in that department. And
whoever commends himself to the affections
of the rebel element there commends himself
equally to the affections of their rebel breth-
ren on this floor.
Mr. MUNGEN. Ica.llthegentlemantoorder.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
the words to which he excepts.
Mr. MUNGEN. I except to the remark
of the gentleman that whoever commends him-
self to the rebels of the South commends him-
self to their rebel brethren on this floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that
those words are not proper to be used in regard
to members of this House.
Mr. MUNGEN. I want to have this matter
understood, for I have borne this kind of talk
as long as I am disposed to bear it. I desire
that the words 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has ruled that
the words are not in order.
Mr. MUNGEN. I demand that the words
be taken down.
The SPEAKER. The words will be written
out as taken down by the reporter, and the
Chair will rule upon them.
Mr. ROSS. My colleague should take his
seat, under the rules.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can take
his seat until this point is decided. The gen-
tleman has seven minutes remaining of his
hour. The Clerk will report the words as taken
down by the reporter.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"And whoever commends himself to the affections
of the rebel element there commends himself equally
to the affections of their rebel brethren on this floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that
it is not proper to allude to members on this
floor in that way. The gentleman from Illinois
will proceed unless some gentleman objects.
Mr. GETZ. I do object to the use of such
language, but I do not object to his going on in
order.
Mr. MUJTGEN. I desire to move a resolu-
tion of censure on the gentleman from Illinois.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the gentleman to object.
Mr. MUNGEN. I do.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to explain,
which I have the right to do under the rules.
Mr. MUNGEN. Personally I do not accept
any explanation. I believe I have done more
to put down the rebellion than the gentleman
from Illinois. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. It is for the House to
determine whether he shall be permitted to
explain or not.
Mr. DAWES. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will state that I
did not intend to make any personal applica-
tion of these words, and am sorry gentlemen
should apply them to themselves. I therefore
withdraw the words " on this floor." [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. ROSS. If my colleague meant them
for that side of the House I have no objection.
[Renewed laughter. ]
Mr. DAWES. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. KERR. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. There is one now pend-
ing on this question of privilege.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move that the gentle-
man from Illinois be allowed to proceed in
order, as his explanation is sufficient.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to know whether
the gentleman withdraws the words "rebel
brethren on this floor?"
The SPEAKER. He withdraws the words
"on this floor," and leaves the words " rebel
brethren." The words will then be as follows:
"And whoever commends himself to the affections
of the rebel element there commends himself equally
to the affections of their rebel brethren."
The gentleman from Massachusetts moves
that the gentleman be allowed to proceed in
order.
Mr. MUNGEN. I object, because the apol-
ogy is in my opinion worse than the insult.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. ROSS. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. Boutwei.l's motion was agreed to.
