1984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. He was an officer of
our Army, graduating at West Point, educated
at the Government expense, if you please.
Like Stonewall Jackson and many others he
was educated in the school of State's rights,
believing when his State went out of the Union
he must go with it. He went when his State
went out of the Union; but he has given up
the State's rights heresy since the war. He is
^nowdevoted to the Union and the Union cause.
So, too, with Governor Orr. While Gov-
ernor Orr was not an original secessionist,
while we who were then members of Congress
know that he was drawn into the Calhoun
school, yet he went into the rebel congress.
Since the war, if we are to believe the testi-
mony, and it is the testimony of all our Union
officers in South Carolina, he has been their
able ally ; that he has worked night and day to
infuse into the minds of the people in South
Carolina a disposition to accept the situation,
to accept the laws passed by Congress to reor-
ganize the State government. A man like
Governor Orr can do in his sphere more good
than a thousand ordinary men.
Now, Mr. Speaker, we have to do one of
these things, and we must not scan too closely
the record of the past. I thought, with my col-
league, full a year ago that we were going to
hang somebody. I believe now that somebody
ought to have been hung; but, sir, I have
given up all idea that anybody is going to be
hung. It is too late in the day to think any-
thing of that now. We must give that up.
Then, sir, we have to take this other fact:
that we must, in pursuance of tho constitu-
tional provision, extend to these men amnesty,
and do it liberally, so as to encourage these
men to assist us ; or else we must have a black
man's party and a white man's party, which
will drive us to open the doors to iet in all the
rebels. We must do one or the other.
I am in favor of the principle of the bill and
the course which has been adopted by the
committee of which I am a member; that is,
to extend amnesty to the men who are aiding
us in good faith in accomplishing restoration,
thus to encourage and help them. I am not
for saying to these men that they may write
letters and make speeches in favor of recon-
struction, but they shall not vote. If we pur-
sue any such course we will most certainly
drive these people off.
Mr. ROSS. Will the gentleman permit me
to ask him a question?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. _ I must decline.
From all that has been said here, however, I
am inclined to vote that the bill shall be re-
committed until the House shall have thought
more on the subject. I now demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The qtiesLion recurred on Mr. Schhxck's
motion.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
65, noes 41.
So the motion was agreed to; and the bill
and amendments were recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved that the list of
names he proposed to submit as an amendment
be also relerred and ordered to bo printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
true of the miantonomaii.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Navy, in response to a resolu
lion of the House, concerning the expense
attending the recent trip of the Miantonomah
to Europe; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and oi-dered to be
printed.
military reservation, louisiana.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting a letter
from the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, relative to the military reservation at
Fort Jessup, Louisiana; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
government landing battery, new york.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
presented a communication from the Secretary
of War, transmitting a letter relative to the
condition of tho boat-landing at the Battery,
New York harbor; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
harbor at michigan city.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting, in compliance with a resolution of the
House of the 10th instant, a communication
from the chief of engineers, relative to the
harbor at Michigan city, Indiana, and recom-
mending an appropriation of $35,400 for that
purpose; which was ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
harbor at wilson, new york.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting a communication from the chief of engi-
neers, relative to the harbor at Wilson, Niagara
county, New York, in answer to a resolution
of the House of the 2Gth ultimo; which was
ordered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
pacific telegraph.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting, in compliance with a
resolution of tho House of the 12th instant, a
copy of the contract, &c., made to facilitate
telegraph communication between the Atlantic
and Pacific States; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
tmpollt duty on rice.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a preamble and resolutions of the constitu-
tional convention of South Carolina, protesting
against the repeal of the present import duty
on rice; which were referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
contested election new mexico.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
evidence in the contested-election case from
New Mexico ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
fueedmen's bureau.
Tho SPEAKER. The morning hour has
commenced, and the House resumes the con-
sideration of House bill No. 598, to continue
the Bureau for the Relief of Freedmen and
Refugees, and for other purposes, which was
pending at the expiration of the moiuiiighour
on Wednesday last, on which the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Adams] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. ADAMS addressed tho House. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. ELIOT obtained the floor.
The SPEAKER. Tho morning hour has ex-
pired, and the bill goes over until to-morrow.
admission of alabama.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the special order, being House bill No. 904,
for the admission of the State of Alabama,
upon which Mr. Boyeb was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. BOYER. Mr. Speaker, this is scarcely
a measure to be discussed. It deserves noth-
ing but denunciation. A plain statement of
the facts furnishes all the condemnation which
is required to damn this bill to everlasting in-
famy in the judgment of all calm and honest
men.
This bill is a bald and impudent fraud upon
the people of Alabama. It. makes the recon-
struction act of the 23d of March an atrocious
lie, a cheat, a miserable pretense of lair deal-
ing, seemingly intended only to beguile and
betray.
The act of March 23 told the people of Ala-
bama, as plainly as language could express it,
that the vote of every registered citizen not
polled should count as a vote against the con-
stitution framed by the mongrel convention
lately assembled in that State. This Congress
pledged itself to reject any constitution not
sustained by at least one half of the registered
voters of Alabama. LTpon the faith of that
pledge a majority of the registered voters re-
frained from voting; and thus, by staying at
home, they defeated the proposition in the
very mode provided by Congress for that pur-
pose. Now, it is proposed to go back upon
this pledge thus solemnly made by Congress,
and accepted and acted upon in good faith by
the people of Alabama, and in the face of the
American public and before high Heaven, the
Reconstruction Committee advises this Con-
gress to eat its own words, and to perpetrate
that which in a statute, enacted, printed, and
promulgated as a law of the land, it has here-
tofore declared ought not and should not be
done.
In order that there may be no mistake, let
us refer to the language of the law:
" Skc. 5. That if, according to ?aid returns, the con-
stitution shall be ratified by a majority of the votes
of the registered electors, qualified as herein suc'/i-
ii eel, cast at said election, (at least one half of all the
registered voters voting upon tho Question of such
ratification,) the president of the convention shall
transmit a copy of the same, duly certified, to the
President of the United States, who shall forthwith
transmit, thesame to Oonsress, if then in season, and
if not in session then immediately upon its next
assembling,'' kc.
Making this and other terms conditions-
preeedenttothe admission of the State. Now,
look at the figures. There are in the State of
Alabama—•
Registered voters   170,000
Of rhescat least one half were required to vote upon
the question to enable the constitution to bo
lawfully ratified by a majority of the votes cast,
namely  85,000
Bat at the election tho number of votes cast, ,
including those against as well as tor the
constitution, were  71,817
Being less than tho required number 13,183
In view of these figures is it unparliament-
ary to pronounce the legislation proposed by
this bill disgraceful? Is it in order to say that
such shameless fraud upon the people of a
State would make its perpetrators odious
throughout all coming time?
It is only by gradual descent through many
downward steps that so low a depth of legisla-
tive depravity could possibly be reached. That
the government of a negro minority should,
without the consent and against the protest of
the people, be inflicted by an American Con-
gress upon a State in tho American Union is
a spectacle too monstrous to be endured.
1 have, nevertheless, but little hope that
this bill can be defeated. Its passage would be
indeed a fitting sequel to what has gone before.
A party which has not hesitated during three
years to wantonly perpetuate disunion, and to
rob the nation of the natural fruits of peace ; a
party which seeks to degrade the judiciary, de-
stroy the Executive, and murder constitutional
liberty for party ends, may be expected to do
anything else which might be deemed neces-
sary for the accomplishment of the same
objects.
If Congress will not regard the Constitution
itself, made by the hands of patriots for the
perpetuation of civil liberty, how can it be ex-
pected that Congress will respect the recon-
struction laws made by itself for the establish-
ment of despotism and the degradation of the
white race? It will respect them as long as
they answer the purposes for which they have
been designed, but not a moment longer.
| How naturally one repudiation begets an-
i other. Let national creditors and all whose
interests depend upon the preservation of the
nation's honor beware. Public faith once
broken is easily broken agaiTi. Acts are now
regarded with comparative indifference which,
if attempted two years ago, would have startled
the nation.
What excuses have the Reconstruction Com-
