3982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
insert in lieu thereof the word " fifty;" and on page
17 ot the bill, after the word ** dollars,"in)inetwcnt5r-
tbroc, add the following words: " and it shall be the
duty of the Secretary to lay before the Houscof Rep-
resentatives annually with his report of receipts and
expenditures a statement in detail of the disburse-
ments inside from the same hereby appropriated
and tho Senate agree to the same.
That the Senate agree to tho amendment of the
HoufO to the seventy-ninth amendmentoi the Senate.
That the llouse recede from their disagreement to
the eightieth amendment of tho Senate, and asjreo to
tbcs.imu with the following amendment: Inlinetwo
ot's.uil amendment strike out the following words,
"and fifty."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and second amendment of the Senate
and agree, to the same with amendments, as follows:
in line one of said amendment strike out the word
"four,'' and insert in lieu thereot the word "seven,"
and strike out of said amendment tho words "six
thousand four," and insert in lieu thereof tho words
'eleven thousand two."
That the House recede from their disagreement, to
the one hundred and eleventh amendment of tho
Senate, and agree to the samo with an amendment,
as loilows* strike out of said amendment tho word
^nineteen" and insert in lieu thereot the word
" twelve ;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the llouse recede from their disagreement to
tho one hundi ed and twelfth amendment of the Sen-
ate, and aoiree to the ^anie with an amendment, as
follows: strike out of said amendment the word
" thirtyand insert in lieu thereof " nineteen;'' and
on patjolioof the bill, line twenty-seven, after the word
"thousand"' strike out. the word "four" and insert
in lieu thereof the word " two;" and tho Senate agree
to tho same.
Thai, the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and thirteenth amendment of tho
Senate, and agree to tho wme with the lollowing
amendment: strike out of said amendment the words
"lilty-two" and insert in lieu thereof iho word
"thirty;''' and the Senate agree to the same.
That the Jlou^e recede fiom their disagreement to
the one hundred and fourteenth amendment of tho
Senate, and agree to the samo with an amondment as
Jo!lows: strike out of said amendment the words
"fifiy-eight" and insert in lieu thereof tho words
"forty-twoand tho Senate agree to tho same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and twenty-eighth amendment of
the Senate,and agree to the same with an amendment,
as follow-;: strike out of said amondment the words
"twenty-five" and insert in lieu thereof the word
"lit'!eon;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and twenty-ninth amendment of the
Srnat<\ and agree to the same with an amendment,
as lollow^; strike uutof said amendment the word
"thirty," and insert in lieu thereof the word" eight-
een and the Senate agree to tho same.
That the li<m?c rceede from their disagi cement to
the ono hundred and thirty-seventh amendment of
theSenate, and agree to thosame with amendments,
as follows: on page 20 of tho bill, lino three, after the
word "for" insert the following words: "Chief
Clerk $2,000;" and also strike out the word " four "
in said amendment and insert in lieu thereot the
word " three."
That the House recede from tboir disagreement to
the one hundred and thirty-eighth amendment of
tho. Senate, and agree to tho same with an amend-
ment, as follows: strike out "seven thousand two"
ami msei t m heu thereof " live thousand four;" and
in line four of tho bill, on page 26, strike outtheword
"otu1 " where it first occurs and insert m lieu Uieieol
tin1: w ord "two;" and in the samo line strike out the
wuid " one " where it occurs the .second time, and in
lieu thereof insert the word "tlirco;" and in the
same line strike out the woul "six" and in lieu
theieof insert the word " two."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and thirty-ninth amendment of tho
Senate,and agree to the ^amewith an amendment, as
follows: strike out " eight" and insert in lieu thereof
the word "six."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and fortieth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with the following
amendment: strike out. " eleven thousand two" and
insert in lieu thereof " eight thousand four."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and torty-first amendment of tho
Senate, and agree to the same with an amendment,
as follows: strike out "twenty" and insert in lieu
thereof " ten."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho one hundred and forty-second amendment of the
Scuafe, and agree to the same with an amendment,
astollows: strike out "twenty-four" and insert in
lieu thereof "twelve;" aud tlae Senate agree to tho
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and lorty-sixth amendment oi the
Senate, and agree to the same with amendments, as
follow**: in lines two and three of said amendment
strike out the words " three thousand five hundred"
and insert in lieu thereof the woxdh " two thousand
six hundred and sixty-three;" and at the end of
saidamendment,addthofollowing: "Provided, That
this office shall cease on the 4th day of March,
1809, and no farther appropriation for its continu-
ance nhall be made until said office shall have been
established by law;" and the Senate agree to tho
same as so modified.
That the House recede fr^m tbeii disagreement to
the one hundred and forty-eighth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with amendments, as
follow;-;: in line on oof said amendment strike out. the
word "four" and insert in lieu thereof tho word
three;" and in line two of said amendment strike
out the word "four" and insert in lieu thereof the
word " three," and in the same line strike oat tho
word "eight" an insert in lieu thereof the word
" six."
That the House reccde from their disagreement to
the one hundred and ninety-third amondment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with an amendment,
as follows: at tho end of said amendment add the
following: "Provided* That from and after the 30th
day of JuneJ800, the Department of Education shall
cease, and there shall be established and attached
to the Department ot the Interior an office to bo de-
nominated tho office of education, tho chief officer
of which shall be the Commissioner of Education, at
a salary of $3,000 per annum, who shall, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior, discharge
all such duties, and superintend, execute, and per-
form all such acts ami things touching and respect-
ing the said office of education as are devolved by
law upon said Commissioner of Education;" and tho
Senate agree to the same.
That the llouse recede from their disagreement to
tho one hundred and ninety-four and a half amend-
ment of tho Senate, and agreoto the same with amend-
ments, as follows: in heu of said Senate amendment
insert the wouls "four hundred;" and the Senate
agree to tho same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho one hundred and ninety-fifth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to tho same with the following
amendments: in line two of said amendment strike
out the word "eight" and insert in lieu ther<v>f the
word "seven;" and in line six ot said amendment
striko out the words "twenty-five hundred" and
insert in lie a thereof "two thousand:" and inline
six of said amendment strikeout the words "two
thousand" and insert in lieu thereof "eighteen hun-
dred;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That tho House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and ninety-sixth amendment of tho
Senate, and agree to tho samo with an amendment,
as follows: strike out of said amendment the words
"ninety-one" and insert in lieu thoreof the words
"seventy-five;" and the Senate airree to the same.
That tho llouse recede from their disagreement to
tho two hundred and third amendment of the Senate,
and agree to thosame with an amendment, as fol-
lows: striko out of said amondmentthe words "llfty-
sevcn" and insert in lieu thereof tho word "ten;"
and tho Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their amendment to
the two hundred and twenty-fifth amendment of the
Senate, and tho Senate recede from said amendment
and agree to the following as a substitute for both
amendments:
Skc.—. And he it further enacted < That all adver-
tisements, notices, proposals for contracts, cxceutivo
proclamations, treaties, andlawsto be published in
the District ot Columbia, Manlnnd, and Virginia,
shall be published in tho papers now selected under
the provisions of section ten of an act approvod
March 2,1807, entitled "An act making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30,1803, and for other pur-
poses," and shall also be published in tho paper se-
lected undertho provisions of the second section of
this aet: Provided, That no advertisement from any
State, Distiict, or Territory other than the District of
Columbia, Maiyland, and Virginia .shall be pub-
lished in the papers designated, unless at the direc-
tion first made of the proper head of a Depaitmcnt.
That the Senate reccde from their di&agiocmenL to
the amendment of the 1 louse to the two hundred and
twenty-eighth amendment of the Senate,and agioe
to tho same. L. M. MORUJLL.
TIMOTHY 0. HOWE,
T. A. UHNDRIOKS.
Manvyi m on (he part oj the Senate.
10. B. WASirBTTUNE,
CHARLES E. PHELPS.
C. DELANO,
Manager* on the part of the House.
The report of tho committee of conference
was adopted.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the report was
adopted ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid oil the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JHiLlTAUY peace esjlatjlisidient.
The House resumed the consideration of
the bill (II. B. No. 1377) to reduce and fix the
military peace establishment.
The pending question was upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Wahiip.uivn, of Indiana, to the
amendment of Mr. Garfield to the seventh
section of the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to make a prop-
ositition in regard to this bill j that we now
proceed with its consideration until we get
through with the next section, which is simply
a provision to determine the number of regi-
ments we are to have in the Army. When that
question shall have been determined, if it
then be the pleasure of the House, to recom j
mit the bill to the Committee on Military ,
A Hairs with instructions to draft a bill more |
in harmony, in its terms and provisions, with :
the opinion of the House as exhibited by the i
votes of to-day. I will make no objection ; the
committee to have leave to report at any time.
The SPEAKER. It will require unanimous
consent for the committee to report at any
time. , .
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the bill with
the amendments already adopted be ordered
to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK, Mr. PHELPS, and Mr.
GARFIELD gave notice of amendments winch
they propose to offer and which were severally
ordered to be printed.
leave of absence.
Mr. Wasiibubx, of Wisconsin, obtained in-
definite leave of absence on account of the
sickness of his daughter.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the House
take a recess till half past seven o'clock this
evening.
Mr. SPALDING I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion of Mr. Spalding was agreed to;
and the House (at five o'clock and five minutes
p. m.) adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
l!y Mr. COVODE: The petition of David
11. Stouffer, of the fourth Pennsylvania cavalry,
asking Congress to pay him the balance due
for his services during the war.
By Mr. DRIGGS: The petition of Philip
Carman and 194 others, together with affidavits
of Robert Brown and Carl Heisterman, setting
forth the facts and praying Congress to grant
a pension to the said Philip Carman for services
rendered and wounds received in the Mexican
TN SENATE.
Monday, July 13, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. MORTON, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
Saturday last was dispensed with.
HOUSE TilLLS KEFERltm).
The following bills and joint resolutions
received front the House of Representatives
were severally read twice by their titles and
referred as indicated below :
A bill (II. R. No. 1277) to provide for the
distribution of the reward offered by the Pres-
ident of the United States for the capture of
Jefferson Davis—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (II. R. No. 1320) for the relief of L.
Merchant & Co., and Peter Roseerantz—to the
Committee on Claims.
A bill (II. R. No. 1311) making appropria-
tions and to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1808, and for
other purposes—to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
A bill (II. R. No. 1360) for the relief of
Captain A. G. Olivar—to the Committee on
Claims.
A bill (II. R. No. 1370) to fix the time for
holding the terms of the United States district
court in Virginia—to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
A bill (H. R. No. 1378) to declare the mean-
ing of the several acts in relation to retired
officers of the Army—to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 288) amend-
atory of joint resolution for the relief of cer-
tain officers of the Army, approved July 20,
I860—to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 310) to extend
the provisions of the act of July i, 18G4, lim-
iting the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims to
the loyal citizens of the Srate of Arkansas—to
the Committee on the J udioiary.
