1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was under discussion the other day that the
report of Taylor was large, equal in size to
that of Mr. Browne; but if it contains only
one hundred pages I have no objection to their
going together in the same volume.
Mr. CONNESS. It is very small.
The resolution was agreed to.
INTERNATIONAL COINAGE.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 217) in relation to the coinage
of gold and silver, to report it back with amend-
ments, accompanied by a report whieli I ask
to be printed. The Senator from New York
[Mr. Morgan] desires to submit a written
minority report adverse to it. The committee
direct me to ask that these reports be printed
and that the subject be postponed until the
next session of Congress without further action.
Mr. MORGAN. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Finance I am not in favor of Senate
bill No. 217, nor in favor of any other bill on
the subject of coinage at the present time. I
have submitted to the Finance Committee a
report in writing, which by their direction 1
now present to the Senate, and I move that
it be printed.
The motion to print the majority and minor-
ity reports was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, submitted the following resolution ;
which was referred to the Committee on Print-
ing :
Ordered, That five thousand copies of the amended
bill reported from the Committee on finance relat-
ing to international coinage, together with tho re-
ports thereon, and the report of Samuel B. Rugsles,
commissioner ot the linited States to the Paris mon-
etary conference, be printed for the use of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom were referred the message
from the President of the United States con-
cerning the International Monetary Conference
at Paris in June, 1867, the resolutions of the
Toledo Board of Trade, protesting against any
change in the system of coinage, and a memo-
rial of the American Statistical Association,
in relation to the metrical system of weights,
measures, and coins, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Ho also from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 412) to promote
uniformity of coinage between the moneys of
the United States and other countries, asked
to be discharged from its further considera-
tion ; which was agreed to.
THOMAS Jl'LKAN.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 1033) for the relief of Thomas McLean,
have directed me to report it back, and recom-
mend its passage. It is a private bill of only
three or four lines, and I should lite to have
its present consideration to gratify the Senator
from Wisconsin.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill at this
time. Is there any objection ?
No objection being made, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (II. R. No. 1033) for the relief of
Thomas McLean.
The bill is an authority to Thomas McLean
to enter and purchase so much of lot No. 12-1
as has not been disposed of in the Stotkbridge
reservation, in the county of Calumet; State
of Wisconsin, used and occupied by him, at
the price stipulated in the third section of the
act of March 3, 3 805, providing for the dis-
posal of that reservation, and receive a patent
therefor, McLean having cultivated and occu-
pied the land for a long series of years.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
bills IXinODCOBD.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No, 529) establishing rules and articles for the
government of the armies of the United States;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
tlie Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FERRY asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
530) rejating^to patents ; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 142) to refer the claim of George
Chorpenning, under a former act of Congress
for his relief, to the Court of Claims ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the J udiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
GEORGE V. DOIT.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 143) for tho relief of George W.
Doty, a commander in the United States Navy
on the retired list; which was read twice by
its title.
Mr. NYE. I desire to make a statement in
relation to this matter, and to ask the Senate
to put the resolution on its passage now. A
resolution was passed on the 19th day of May,
as recommended and reported by the Naval
Committee, simply to place in his position on
the Register, according to his rank, Com-
mander Doty, of the Navy, from July 16,1862,
to July, 18G5. The Naval Committees of both
Houses were unanimous in their report on that
subject, but we neglected two words in the
resolution ; and I ana requested and authorized
by the Committee on Naval Affairs to ask to
have them inserted by passing this resolution.
It is simply to give him the pay of his rank.
The necessary words were omitted. The
amount is about nineteen hundred dollars. I i
hope the Senate will act on the question now. ■
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution !
was considered as in Committee of the Whole. !
It directs the name of George \V. Doty, com-
mander in the Navy, to be placed upon the
Navy Register as a commander from July 10,
1802, with the pay and rank of his commission.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
ask the Senator from Nevada how much pay
this resolution covers ?
Mr. NYE. Nineteen hundred dollars.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. A year?
Mr. NYE. Oh, no ; that is all. He has
been on the duty.
The joint resolution was read the third time,
and passed.
CONTRACTORS FOR IRON-CLAD VESSELS.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the hill (S.
No. 159) relating to the Western Pacific rail-
road.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There was a bill before
the Senate yesterday, in the morning hour,
about ready to pass when that hour expired,
and I think it ought to be concluded this
morning. I hope the Senator from Cali-
fornia will allow that bill to be taken up and
finished.
Mr. CONNESS. The bill to which I call
the attention of the Senate, and which I desire
to get a vote upon, was under consideration
twice in the Senate before the impeachment
trial. I have been waiting for an opportunity
to get the attention of the Senate to it, but I
should be very willing to let it go over until
to-morrow if 1 thought I could get the atten-
tion of the Senate then. I want a vote upon
it at an early day.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Inasmuch as the bill
to which 1 have referred is fresh in the mind
of the Senate, and will now excite no debate,
I think we had better conclude it.
Mr. OONiNESS. Very well; I will give
way to the honorable Senator.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will assist the Sen-
ator to-morrow to take up his bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from California is withdrawn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Now I move to take
up Senate bill No. 307.
I he motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
307) for the relief ot certain Government con-
tractors.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I propose to offer an
amendment which I suppose will remove all
objection to the relief suggested. It is\p /
insert at the end of the bill the following:
Which shall be in full discharge of all claims upon
tho vessels upon which the|board made the allowance,
as per their report made under the act of March 2,18t57.
Mr. HOWE. I do not know that I have
any objection to the amendment, but yet I am
not sure that it would relieve the bill of any
objections that I have against it. If I can get
the attention of the Senator from Indiana, I
should like to state what difficulties appear on
the face of this bill to my mind.
As I understand this case, there were quite
a number of contracts made by the Navy
Department for the construction of vessels,
and I understand each of those contractors
claims to have lost largely on his contract from
two causes; ono being changes made in the
nature of the work contracted for, and the
other cause being the appreciation of prices.
I understand that the Secretary himself having
paid each of the contractors the contract price,
then undertook to audit these claims for en-
hanced Cost, and that he has made large paj'-
ments to each one of the contractors, in many
cases amounting to thirty-three per cent. That
is the way I understand the statement laid on
my table. If I am wrong about it, I hope to
be corrected. But to each one of those con-
tractors large payments have been made by
the Secretary over and above the contract
price at which they were to do the work. The
Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Frelinchuy-
sen] tells me that the whole increased pay-
ment amounts in the aggregate to over five
million dollars.
Having been paid the contract price, and
having been paid more than five million dollars
in addition to the contract price, it seems the
contractors were still dissatisfied, and under
the act of March 2, 1867, the Secretary of the
Navy was authorized to investigate once more
these claims, all of which he had investigated
without any authority. Instead of doing that
himself, he appointed a board of officers to do
it, which I suppose he might properly do. He
has accepted their report. That board has
reported, if I understand it, that this increased
cost was occasioned by changes in the nature
of the work ordered by the Navy Department
only in the cases of the contracts mentioned
in the bill. All the other contractors whose
eases are not provided for in the bill and who
claimed damages, or who claimed to have lost
upon their contracts, I understand this board
to say, lost simply because of the appreciation "
in prices, and not because of any delay occa-
sioned by the Department, or any change in
the nature of the work to be done.
Now, the bill before the Senate provides for
paying the sums which this board report were
due to the contractors mentioned in the bill
because of changes and delays occasioned by
the Department itself. As I understand this
case, those sums which they report as the
whole sums to which these contractors woufd
be entitled by reason of delays and changes,
amount to very much less ; amount, iu fact, to
but a small portion of the sum which the Sec-
retary himself has already paid ove$and above
the contract price.
Mr. HENDRICKS. ' If the Senator will
allow me, I will explain that, I think, in about
ten words.
Mr. HOWE. Well, that is a less time than
I could explain it ia.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Department made
contracts for vessels of particular descriptions
and sizes. After that they increased both the
size of the vessels and of the engines in many
instances. Where there was an- increase of
