1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3983
A joint resolution (Ii. R. No. 331) to grant
an American register to the Hawaiian brig
Victoria—to the Committee on Commerce.
BRIDGE AT PORT LEAVBNWOBTII.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will lay before the Senate the bill (S. No. 355)
authorizing the construction of a bridge across
the Missouri river upon the military reserva-
tion at Port Leavenworth, Kansas, which has
been returned from the House of Representa-
tives with an amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I presume the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs will be disposed to con-
cur in that amendment. I ask to have it lie
on the table for a few minutes until they can
see it. I have no doubt they will concur in it,
and that we can pass it without being referred.
As soon as the committee have examined it I
will call it up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
laid aside for the present.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of War,
communicating, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 6th of February last,
information in relation to the expense of
maintaining the military establishment in the
Territories of New Mexico and Arizona;
which was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to
be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of the Interior, communicating
estimates of appropriations required to carry
out such provisions as will need immediate
action of the treaty concluded February 23,
1807, with the Senecas, Shawnees, Quapaws,
Peorias, Ivaskaskias, Weas, Piankeshaws, Ot-
towas of Blanchard's Fork and Rock de Boeuf,
and the Wyatfdottes; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of
officers of the United States Army, praying an
increase of compensation; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Miliiia.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of Fred-
erick Hall, praying the confirmation of the
title to certain lands which he purchased of
two Chippewa Indians; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ANTHONY presented two petitions of
officers of the United States Army, praying an
increase of compensation ; which were referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. CONNESS presented a petition of offi-
cers of the United States Army, praying the
passage of the bill to fix and equalize the pay
of officers, and to establish the pay of enlisted
soldieis of the Army ; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of officers
of the United States Army, praying the pas-
sage of the bill to fix and equalize the pay of
officers and to establish the pay of enlisted sol-
diers of the Army; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. FERRY presented a petition of officers
of the Army, praying an increase of compen-
sation ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. MORGAN presented the memorial of
Charles Gaylord, praying aid in the construc-
tion of a marine railway for passing ships
across the Isthmus of Darien ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WILLEY presented a petition of offi-
cers of the United States Army, praying an in-
crease of compensation ; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of Vio-
let Henry, widow of Sherrod Henry, late a
private of company D, sixtieth United States
colored troops, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
officers of the United States Army, praying an
increase of compensation ; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. COLE presented a petition of officers
of the Army, praying an increase of compen-
sation ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. HOWARD presented a petition of offi-
cers of the United States Army, praying an
increase of compensation ; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 605) to declare a part of the Iowa river
not a navigable stream, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. II. No.
323) in relation to surveys and examinations
of rivers and harbors, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred various peti-
tions and memorials relative to the removal of
civil disabilities imposed by act of Congress
upon the persons therein named, asked to be
discharged from their further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 1052) amendatory of an act enti-
tled "Ail act grantingpubJie lands to the State
of Wisconsin to aid in the construction of rail-
roads in said State," approved June 3, 1856,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Joseph
Wilson, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, and moved that the peti-
tioner have leave to withdraw his petition;
which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 610) in relation to corporations cre-
ated by laws of the* United States, reported it
with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 581) relating to
the finding of indictments in the courts of the
United States in the late rebel States, reported
it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. GO-1) regulating
the limes and places of holding the district
and circuit courts of the United States for the
northern district of Florida, reported it with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the amendments of the House
of Representatives to the bill fS. No. 352) to
authorize the temporary supplying of vacancies
in the Executive Departments, reported an
amendment to the House amendments; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 326)
for the relief of Henry B. St. Marie, reported
it without amendment.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
328) for the donation of certain columns,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1865) for the
relief of Captain Thomas W. Miller, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Claims; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 255) for the
relief of the heirs of .lames R. Porter, late of
Hancock county, West Virginia, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration and
that it be referred to the Committee on Claims ;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 284) for the
relief of N. A. Shuttleworth, of Harrison
county, West Virginia, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration and that it, be
referred to the Committee on Claims; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 600) to authorize
the sale of portions of the military reservations
at Forts Leavenworth and Riley, in the State
of Kansas, reported it with amendments.
LEAVENWORTH COAL COMPANY.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the bill (II. R. No. 038) to
authorize the sale of twenty acres of land in
the military reservation at Fort Leavenworth,
Kansas, to report it back without amendment,
and recommend its passage.
Mr. POMEROY. As I presume there can
be no objection to that bill, I hope the SenaLe
will allow it to be put on its passage now. I
think there can be no objection to it.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 think there will be no
objection to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill on the
day it is reported.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The preamble recites that the Secretary of
War, in behalf of the United States and in
accordance with the previous practice of the
War Department, on the 13th of November,
1800, executed to Samuel Denman, William
II. Russell, and Thomas Ewing, jr., and their
assigns, a lease of twenty acres of land in the
military reserve at Fort Leavenworth, State of
Kansas, for the term of sixteen years thereaf-
ter, with a preference to them of an extension
of the term and with the exclusive right to them
to mine for coal under the lands of the military
reserve; that the lessees and their assigns
accepted the lease, and upon the faith thereof
have prosecuted their mining operations under
many difficulties at great expense and have
finally succecded in striking the deep coal beds
of that geological region after having expended
their entire capital to the amount of $40,000;
that it is now discovered that the lease is invalid
because the Secretary of War was unauthorized
in law to make the same, by reason of which
the lessees are deprived of their right to pro-
ceed and are threatened with the total loss of
their money and are without redress ; that in
view of the incalculable benefit to be derived,
not alone by the State of Kansas, but by the
whole country adjacent thereto by the develop-
ment of the coal strata of the region, the Sen-
ate and the House of Representatives of the
State of Kansas on the 18th day of February,
1868, concurred in a joint resolution reciting
the above and respectfully requesting Congress
to act in the premises; and the House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States have heretofore
passed an act directing the sale, in small tracts,
of a body of land in the military reserve. The
bill therefore provides that the Leavenworth
Coal Company, being the successors and assigns
of Samuel Denman, William H. Russell, and
Thomas Ewing, jr., in the lease, shall have the
right to purchase from the United States twenty
acres of land lying in the military reserve at
Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, and described as
follows: beginning at the intersection of the
south line of the military reserve and the Mis-
souri river, running northwardly thence along
the west line of the Missouri river, thence west-
wardly in a line parallel to the south lino of
the military reserve, thence southwardly in a
line at right angles with the south line of the
military reserve, thence eastwardly in the south
line of the military reserve to thepoint of begin-
