3984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
ning, the lines to be run so as to make the form
of the twenty acres as nearly square as practi-
cable. The Leavenworth Goal Company are to
pay therefor the sum fixed by the United States
district judges of the State of Kansas, the east-
ern district of Missouri, and of the northern
district of Illinois, whose reasonable expenses
are to be paid out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated; and the lease
is extended sixteen years from the passage of
this act. Upon the payment of the purchase
money, the Secretary of the Interior is directed
to issue to the Leavenworth Coal Company and
its successors and assigns, a patent for the
above described lands, which patent shall also
grant to the company and its successors and
assigns the exclusive right to mine for coal
underlying the lands now comprised in the
military reserve.
Mr. HARLAN. I did not hear the amount
that they are to pay for this land.
Mr. HOWARD. No particular amount is
mentioned. The property is to be appraised
by three district judges.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How soon after the ap-
praisal are they to pay ?
Mr. HOWARD. They are to pay when they
purchase, I suppose.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE 1'ltOJI THIS HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson. its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 504)
concerning the tax commissioners for the State
of Arkansas.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bill and joint resolu-
tions, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate :
A bill (II. R. No. 1428) authorizing the ad-
mission in evidence of copies of certain papers,
documents, and entries;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 332) author-
izing the appointment of examiners to exam-
ine and report, upon the expediency of discon-
tinuing the navy-yard at Charlestown, Massa-
chusetts, and uniting the same with the yard
at Kittery, Maine ;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 838) exoner-
ating certain vessels of the United Slates from
the payment of tonnage fees to consular agents
in Canada;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 335) for the
protection of settlers on the Cherokee neutral
lands in Kansas ; and
A joint, resolution (II. R. No. 337) contin-
uing the refining ot bullion in the Mint of the
Uniled States and branches.
The message also announced that the House
insisted on its amendments to the following
bills of the Senate :
A bill (S. No. 175) for tlie relief of Joseph
MeGhee Cameron and Mary Jane Cameron,
minor children of La Fayette Cameron, de-
ceased ;
A bill (S. No. 382) granting an increase of
pension to Obadiah T. Plum ;
A^ bill (S. No. 422) granting a pension to
Maria Schweitzer and the children of Conrad
Schweitzer, deceased ;
A bill (S. No. 518) granting a pension to
the widow and children of John P. Felty;
A bill (S. No. 547) granting a pension to
John Sheets;
A bill (S. No. 314) for the relief of George
T. Brieti ;
A bill (S. No. 383) granting a pension to
John A. Weed and Elizabeth J. Weed, minor
children of Robert T. Weed, deceased ;
A bill (S. No. 517) granting a pension to the
widow and children of Henry Brown ; and
A bill (S. No. 521) granting a pension to the
children of William M. Wooten, deceased ;
And had agreed to the conference asked by
the Senate, and had appointed Mr. S. Per-
ham of Maine, Mr. H. Van Aekxam of New
York, and Mr. J. Beatty of Ohio, managers
at the conference on its part.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered. That the petition of N. Daniels be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate and referred to
the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, ThatWilliamPollardhave ieavoto with-
draw Ms petition from the files of the Senate.
message from the president.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. William G. Mooke, his Secre-
tary, announced that the President had on this
day signed the following acts and joint resolu-
tions:
A bill (S. No. 232) granting a pension to
Henrietta Nobles;
A bill (S. No. 238) granting a pension to
Carrie E. Burdett;
A bill (S. No. 291) granting a pension to
Ann Kelley, widow of Bernard Kelley;
A bill (S. No. 292) granting a pension to
Maria llaftery ;
A bill (S. No. 307) for the relief of certain
Government contractors;
A bill (S. No. 332) granting a pension to
John W. Harris;
A bill (S. No. 333) for the relief of Julia M.
Moliu;
A bill (S. No. 316) for the relief of Rebecca
V. Senor, mother of James H. Senor, de-
ceased ;
A bill (S. No. 318) for the relief of Charlotte
Posey, widow of Sebastian Posey ;
A bill (S. No. 321) for the relief of Mrs.
Mary Gaitlier, widow of Wiley Gaither, de-
ceased ;
A bill (S. No. 3-12) granting a pension to
Thomas Stewart;
A bill (S. No. 359) granting a pension to
Louisa Fitch, widow of E. P. Fitch, deceased ;
A bill (S. No. 381) granting a pension to
Edward Hamel, minor child of Edward llarnel,
deceased *
A bill (S. No. 427) for the relief of the
widow and children of John W. Jameson, de-
ceased ;
A bill (S. No. 436) for the relief of James
Hooper;
A bill (S. No. 45G) for the relief of Sylves-
ter Nugent;
A bill (S. No. 494) granting a pension to
Elizabeth Steepleton, widow of Harrison W.
Steepleton, deceased;
A bill (S. No. 495) for the relief of Henry
Reens ;
A bill (S. No. 431) for the relief of Elizabeth
Barker, widow of Alexander Barker, deceased ;
A bill (S. No. 497) for the relief of Catharine
Wands ;
A bill (S. No. 498) granting a pension to
An 1111 M. Ho ward;
A bill (S. No. 500) granting a pension to
Lucinda R. Johnson ;
A hill (S. No. 501) granting a pension to
Harriet W. Pond ;
A bill (S. No. 520) granting a pension to
Martha Stout;
A bill (S. No. 542) for the relief of Thomas
"W. Ward, late collector of customs, district of
Corpus Christi, Texas;
A bill (S. No. 549) granting an increase of
pension to Catharine Eckhardt;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 81) placing
certain troops of Missouri on an equal footing
wilh others as to bounties; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 107) in relation
to the Maquoketa river, iu the State of Iowa.
internal taxes.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. It. No. 1284) to change
and moce effectually secure the collection of
internal taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco,
and to amend the tax on batiks, disagreed to
by the House; and
On motion by Mr. SHERMAN,
Remised, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and ask a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the coufciees oil the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Pi evident pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Sherman, Mr. Morrill of Vermont, and
Mr. Buckalew.
bills introduced.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
613) prescribing the time for appeals in cer-
tain land eases; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. McDONALD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill {S.
No. 614) to pay loyal citizens in the Slates
lately in rebellion for services in taking the
United States census of I860; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous coil-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
015) to provide for a commission to investi-
gate claims arising from depredations com-
mitted by or upon Indians in Kansas ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 159) authorizing the Com-
missioner of the Bureau of Refugees, Frced-
men, and Abandoned Lands to sell certain
portions of public lands within the corporate
limits of the city of Pensacola, Florida, for
educational purposes ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
messengers, pages, etc.
Mr. McDONALD. I submit the following
resolution, and ask for its present considera-
tion :
linohcd, That the Sergeant-at-Arirs be, and ho
is hereby, authorized and directed to rotain during
the coming recess the special messengers, pages, and
laborers now employed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that had better
go over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution goes over under the
rule.
bridge at st. louis.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
in regard to the construction of a bridge a,t
St. Louis. It has been reported by the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, and it
is important that it should pass.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 031) amendatory of an act approved July
20, I860, entitled "An act to authorize the
construction of certain bridges, and to estab-
lish them as post roads" was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The preamble declares that the St. Louis and
Illinois Bridge Company, organized under the
laws of the State of Missouri, and the Illinois
and St. Louis Bridge Company, organized
under an act of the General Assembly of the
State of Illinois, have been consolidated, in
pursuance of the authority granted to the Illi-
nois and St. Louis Bridge Company, in their
act of incorporation, and the authority granted
to the St. Louis and Illinois Bridge Company,
by an act of the General Assembly of the State
of Missouri, approved March 19, 18G1. The
bill proceeds to provide that the company
formed by this consolidation, under the name
and style of the Illinois and St. Louis Bridge
Company, is hereby recognized and declared
to be a corporation by that name, with full
power and authority to construct a bridge
across the Mississippi river opposite the city
of St. Louis, in conformity to the act of which
this is amendatory, with all the rights, privi-
leges, and powers granted arid conferred by
the several acts of the General Assemblies of
the States of Illinois and Missouri to the re-
spective companies by the consolidation of
which the Illinois and St. Louis Bridge Com-
pany was formed, and not inconsistent with the
provisions of the act to which this is amend-
atory. In constructing the bridge there shall
