2960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
size, for that additional work the Department
paid what that additional work cost, but made
no allowance to the parties because of the
delay thereby caused in the construction of
the vessels and the enhanced price of labor
and material occasioned thereby. They paid
just in proportion to the contract price for the
additional work. If there were one hundred
tons more of iron required in the vessel, then
that was paid for in the proportion of that
\vork to the agreed price; but this additional
^#work caused delays of months, and in the
• mean time materials and labor went up in some
instances one hundred per cent. That has
never been paid for, and this bill proposes to
give a compensation according to the finding
of the board for losses occasioned by the act
of the Government and not already paid for.
Mr. HOWE. Now, Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Indiana may be and probably is
entirely right in his statement; but his state-
ment does not seem to me to be borne out by
the report. Take, for instance, the first claim
mentioned in this schedule, which is the claim
of Secor & Company. The contract price of
the work done by them is stated in this report
at $1,300,000. In the next column they report
11 the amount of such increased cost caused by
the delay and action of the Government, as
determined by the board to be due." The
amount of increased cost, caused by the delay
and action of th« Government, they report at
$115,000. In the next column they report the
amount which has already been paid to Secor &
Co., by the Secretary, over and above the con-
tract price, and that sum is §521,000. If this
board mean what they say, they say that all the
increased cost occasioned to Secor & Co. on
their contracts by the action of the Govern-
ment, was $115,000; but that they have got
$521,000. That is the way the report stands,
and yet here is a bill which provides for the
paying of $115,000 again.
That is not all there is of it; but this bill is
accompanied by another which is not now
before the Senate, but which is on our desks,
a sort of tender to this, which provides for
referring all these claims, Secor & Co's. and
all the rest, to the Court of Claims, to determine
how much more upon all accounts shall be paid
to each one of them. So that if this bill passes
and the accompanying bill passes, then these
contractors will have received, first the contract
price, second the additional payments made
by the Secretary of the Navy, amounting to
about thirty-three and one third per cent., or
amounting in the aggregate to over five million
dollars as the Senator from New Jersey figures
it. Third, the sums reported by this board as
due to a portion of the contractors; and fourth,
whatever they can wrench from the judgment
of the Court of Claims. If they get judgments
in the Court of Claims, of course they will be
judgments in spite of all these precedent pay-
ments, after they have had three settlements.
Mr. ANTHONY. The amendment cuts
them off.
Mr. HOWE. I do not understand that it
does cut them off. After they have had three
settlements, and three payments some of them,
and all of them two at least by the Navy
Department. They are to be allowed, if the
second bill passes, to go into the Court of
Claims to struggle for another judgment against
the Government.
Mr. President, I have no facts before me
which will authorize me to say that these spe-
cific sums are not due; therefore, I am not
very well prepared to controvert the propriety
of passing, this bill; but I am embarrassed in
voting for it by the consideration that we are
threatened by this othfer bill, and in that point of
view it seems to me much the safer thing for
this bill to be laid on the table until the Senate
determine what it is proper to do with the other
bill: because if they pass that bill and send
these contractors to the Court of Claims at all,
I think they should be sent there for their
whole claim, including the award with the
additional claim they make. And while I am
threatened with that other bill, which I under-
stand is under the conduct of the Senator from
Missouri, I cannot see how I can safely vote
for the passage of this bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, having
had some knowledge of these claims at a prior
session, and having supported the bill which
received almost the unanimous vote of the
Senate, giving to these various* parties more
than a million dollars, I am somewhat sur-
prised to find that there is any opposition to
what is now proposed to be given them, some
$225,000. I became satisfied on an examina-
tion of the case before that the parties had
suffered very greatly by these contracts ; that
they were brought in consequence of the faith-
ful manner in which the work was done and
the alterations which from time to time were
suggested by the Government, particularly in
the increased size and power of the vessels,
almost to a state of bankruptcy ; and I was
not so much disposed to criticise the mere
legal obligation which the contractors sup-
posed the United States were under to them,
as I was to save these patriotic men from ruin
in consequence of theif having been the hon-
est, faithful contractors of the Government, at
a time when the Government stood greatly in
need, and when their work tended very con-
siderably to bring our late civil war to a suc-
cessful result. I was willing to vote to give
them that $1,000,000. Now, it is proposed
to give them only $225,000. If I understand
the honorable member from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Howe,] he prefers the sending of these claim-
ants, as well as other claimants who do not
stand exactly upon the same ground, to the
Court of Claims. That would be ruin to the
contractors. The calendar of the Court of
Claims now embraces, I believe, some thou-
sand cases, and in all probability before these
people could obtain justice at the hands of the
Court of Claims they would be in a state of
actual bankruptcy.
I submit to the Senate that under these cir-
cumstances, even if there was no legal demand,
generosity, magnanimity—I was about to say a
patriotic generosity and magnanimity, invokes
us, as I think, to pay them this amount—which
will save them from actual ruin. The amend-
ment suggested by the honorable member from
Oregon [Mr. Cokbett] seems to me to be
defective in one particular, and having called
the attention of my friend to that I shall close.
He proposes to amend the bill by providing
that upon the payment of the sum whieh-the
bill provides the claim of the contractors upon
the vessels shall no longer exist. I suggest to
the honorable member to modify it so as to
make it a condition of the payment that they
shall relinquish all claim against the United
States. They have no claim upon the vessels.
The vessels are in the hands of the United
States, and now I believe constitute a part of
their marine, though perhaps some may have
been sold. The claim that they have for the
building of the vessels is a claim against the
Government, and that would be the only claim
that could be prosecuted before the Court of
Claims if they should be sent there. The hon-
orable member I am sure will see the propriety
of changing his amendment so as to relinquish
the claim against the United States on account
of the vessels.
Mr. FUELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I think the Senator from Wisconsin is in error
in the view that he takes of the pending bill.
I think his views in reference to the contem-
plated bill to be presented by the Senator from
Missouri are very correct. This subject was,
by an act oi the 2d of March, 18G7, referred
to the Secretary of the Navy, he being author-
ized to have a commission. Without reading
the whole act, that commission were to ascer-
tain the additional cost from changes in the
plans and from delays occasioned by the Gov-
ernment in- the work, the advance in the prices
of labor and materials which occurred during
the prolonged time, and which prudence could
not have avoided, and they were also directed
to ascertain that amount:
"And from such additional cost, to be ascertained
as aforesaid, there shall be deducted such sum as
may have been paid each contractor for any reason
heretofore over and above the contract pricc, and
shall report to Congress a tabular statement of oaeb
case, which shall contain the name of the contractor,
a description of the work, the contract price, the
whole increased cost of the work over the contract
price, and the amount of such increased cost caused
by the delay and action of the Government as afore-
said, and the amount already paid the contractor
over and above the contract price. "
This tabular statement contains first the
contract price; sccond, the whole increase
claimed by the contractors ; then the amount
heretofore paid by the Government over the
contract price, because that payment had been
made on the 2d of March, 1867, and this tabu-
lar statement was not made until after that, of
course ; and then it contains the amount of
such increased cost "caused by the delay and
action of the Government, as determined by
the board to be due," over and above what
had been paid by the Government, still due.
That is the way I understand it, and in that
view this bill ought to pass. But it seems to
me the proposition to open this whole subject
and refer it to the Court of Claims is one
which ought not to be entertained at all. This
subject has been investigated. The Govern-
ment have already paid $5,000,000 more
than the contract price. This bill provides
for the payment of all that these commis-
sioners report; and now it is proposed to
refer it to the Court of Claims, when all these
builders, with their clerks and agents as wit-
nesses, go before that court, and where does
the Government stand? Where are the Gov-
ernment's witnesses? How could the Govern-
ment be prepared to meet that array ? The
commission were not tied down by rules of
evidence and the marshaling of witnesses in
a court, but the commission went and looked
at the work, judged for themselves, heard
statements of parties, and came to what was
considered a fair and equitable conclusion in
reference to the subject.
Mr. DRAKE. I will state for the informa-
tion of the Senator from New Jersey, that
I think he is mistaken in saying that they
looked at the work.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it is the duty of the
Chair to call the attention of the Senate to the
unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. DRAKE. I hope that this subject, now
that we have it in hand, may be allowed to be
finished.
Mr. CONNESS. It will only take a little
while.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think ten minutes will
dispose of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh. no.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is it the
pleasure of the Senate to pass by informally
the unfinished business of yesterday?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. We have
been on tile other subject: it is a very import-
ant one, and we had better finish it first. This
is evidently a controverted matter.
Mr. ANTHONY. I believe the Senator
from Vermont has an amendment which will
cover the whole case, as he thinks the amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana does not,
and I am sure both Senators desire the same
result. I think we can soon dispose of this
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The spe-
cial orijer can only be passed over by motion,
objection having been made to doing so inform-
ally.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I make that motion;
we may us well finish this bill.
The PRESIDENT protect/re. It is moved
that the unfinished business and all prior orders
be postponed for the purpose of continuing the
consideration uf Senate bill No. 307.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am informed by Sen-
ators around me that this will take a long time.
Now. 1 appeal to the Senate if. after having
had a bill for the recognition of the State gov-
ernments of five or six States on hand here
for several days, we are to lay aside a great
publie matter of that kind for the pnrptma of
