1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1937
and, it may be, prevented the great wrong which
it is proposed this day to inflict upon the help-
less white people of Alabama.
Mr. LOAN. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me five minutes of his time.
Mr. BOYER. t yield five minutes to the
gentleman.
Mr. LOAN. Mr. Speaker, I have asked for
this time merely for the purpose of giving
briefly some of the reasons why I cannot sup-
port this bill. I cannot undertake to argue it
at any length, but I am unwilling to place my-
self upon the record against this measure with-
out at the same time placing there some of the
reasons which induce me to vote against it.
The rebellion was the physical manifesta-
tion of sectional ideas, freedom against slavery.
And it was for preserving the integrity of the
Union controlled by liberty that induced the
millions of the North to enter the Union army,
and to rescue at the point of the bayonet from
rebel rule and slavery the fairest portion of the
Republic. This they did with a gallantry that
was worthy of the cause in which they fought,
and they have confided to us as the exponent
of the people's will the task of reconstructing
and restoring to the Union these late rebel and
disorganized States upon a basis of loyalty,
liberty, and justice; that all parts and sections
of the Republic might be brought into har-
mony with the leading ideas upon which this
Government rests, that the Republic might be
perpetuated. This can only be done by a rad-
ical extermination of the causes which created
the discord and produced rebellion and war,
to wit, treason and rebellion, and all dogmas
that brought them into existence, and in the
substitution for these the ideas and principles
that successfully opposed them in the war, to
wit, loyalty, freedom, and justice. In a popu-
lar form of government like ours we are com-
pelled to rely on the sentiment of the people for
the maintenance of these principles. Paper
constitutions, however liberal, and paperguar-
antees however ample, are wholly incapable of
securing peace to the country or safety to the
Republic unless they are supported by a pop-
ular sentiment that will give effect to their
provisions. Prior to the rebellion, we had the
Constitution of our fathers and the laws they
aiade the most solemn oaths to support and
maintain them, the prestige of three-fourths
of a century of peace and unexampled pros-
perity, as guarantees for the maintenance of the
Union and the preservation of the Republic,
and yet, under circumstances like these, without
a cause, and I may say without a decent pre-
text for their great crimes, the people of the
South, by the aid of a treasonable popular sen-
timent, inaugurated a rebellion in eleven States
of the Union, which grew to such magnitude
as to involve the Republic in the most gigantic
civil war known to modern times.
In any proposition for the reorganization of
these rebellious States the primary consider-
ations should be for the safety of the Repub-
lic, its future peace, and the rights of those
Union people who protected it against trea-
son and rebellion.
The condition of the rebel States and of the
people there is of but secondary importance.
Any measure for the restoration of any of these
States that does not imply absolute safety to
the Republic and its future peace should not,
in my judgment, be entertained.
Such is not the character of the pending bill,
and those who support it seem to be aware of
the danger they incur. They know the people
of Alabama cannot be safely trusted with the
control of the State, and hence they have
deemed it proper to impose terms and condi-
tions upon them that are wholly unwarranted.
They seem to be conscious that the rebels are
still in the ascendancy there, and that the
Union people unaided will be unable to main-
tain themselves in the political control of the
State.- The election returns are conclusive that
such is the case, and it is ia vain for gentlemen
to urge swollen streams, intimidation on the
part of the rebels, or unfriendly action on the
part of the Administration as reasons which
40th Cong. 2d Sess.-^-No. 122.
will account for the meagerness of the vote to
ratify the constitution. The truth is, the votes
are not there. The popular sentiment in Ala-
bama is.against the constitution, against the
Union, and for rebellion and for separation.
More than seventy thousand negroes voted;
and the whites could have voted had they de-
sired to do so. An appeal made a few days
since by the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] in this connection is worthy of remark,
as indicating the views yet entertained by
many of even the intelligent white citizens of
the late slaveholding States in relation to the
rights of American citizens, when he advised
us not to degrade the whipped rebels of the
South by placing them on an equality with all
other American citizens on the question of
suffrage. And he urged us to buy the friendship
of the rebels, and the consideration intimated
for the purchase was the disfranchisement of
all colored Union soldiers and citizcns and the
enfranchisement of the rebels and their resto-
ration to political power and control; and from
the earnestness of the gentleman I am inclined
to think that he was not aware that there was
anything unreasonable in the monstrous prop-
osition.
So long as such sentiments prevail, in my
judgment the only safe reconstruction will be
one supported and maintained by physical force
sufficient to beat down armed treason wherever
it is to be met, by voters sufficient to control
it at the ballot-box and intelligence sufficient
to subdue it everywhere.
When these conditions are complied with I
shall very cheerfully vote to admit Alabama or
any other of the late rebel States to all the
rights of States in the Union; and I will be
willing to do it without any stipulations to
ratify amendments to the Constitution, or upon
any fundamental condition, because I shall
then be willing to trust the people there; but
I am not willing to release the grasp of tlic
Federal Government placed upon the rebel
Slates at the cost of so much blood and treas-
ure by the gallant soldiers of the Republic so
long as the rebel spirit which rendered such
sacrifice necessary shall rule in those States.
Mr. BOYER. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, I have sought
the floor for the purpose of offering a minority
report, which the chairman of the committee
very kindly promised I should have the oppor-
tunity to offer before he moved the previous
question. I propose to read that minority re-
port myself.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order. There is no such thing as a minority
report.
The SPEAKER. It can only be received
by the courtesy of the House, but the gentle-
man from Kentucky having obtained the floor
can read whatever he pleases.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no objection
to his reading it, but not as a report.
Mr. BECK. I will read it as a part of my
remarks. It is signed by the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] and myself:
Minority Report of the Reconstruction Committee.
The undersigned, members of the Reconstruction
Committee, having carefully examined the report of
the majority since its publication, the acts of Con-
gress known as the reconstruction acts, and the con-
stitution and ordinances rejected by the people of
the State of Alabama, submit as their report to this
House the following preamble and resolution:
Whereas an act to provide for the moro efficient
government of the rebel States, passed March 2,
18t57, and an act supplementary thereto, passed on
the 23d of the same month, provide for calling a con-
vention to prepare aconstitution for the government
of the State of Alabama and for holding an election
in that State for the ratification or rejection of said
constitution by those persons who were authorized
under said aets to register and vote in said election;
and whereas an election was held for that purpose
in said State, commencing on the 4th day ot February
last and continuing until tho Sth of that month,
whicli resulted in the rejection of said constitution
by a majority of fifteen thousand of the registered
voters under said acts, who wore expressly author-
ized under and hy the provisions of said acts to
reject said constitution either by depositing their
votes against it or by not voting at said election;
and whereas this large majority of registered voters
wero utterly opposed to the ratification of said «on-.
stitution:
1. Because it deprives a large number of the white
males of said State of the right to vote ar hold office;
2. Because it confers the right to vote and-hold
office on all the black males, thus disfranchising in-
telligence and capacity, and enfranchising ignorance
and incapacity.
3. Because it requires all persons before voting to"
subscribe an oath that they " accept the oivif and
political equality of all men; and agree not to at"
tempt to deprive any person or persons on account
of race, color, or jirevious condition of any politieal
or civil right,- privilege, or immunity enjoyed by any
other class of men."
4. Because, in apportioning representation to the
people of the several counties of the State, it ignores
three counties and leaves them without any repre-
sentation.
5. Because it gives to twenty-four of the fifty-
nine counties in the State, which are recognized,
having awhito population of two hundred and fifty-
two thousand four hundred and seven, and a black
population of threo hundred and twenty-eight thou-
sand three hundred and ten, sixty-five ot the one
hundred Representatives which compose the House
of Representatives, and it gives ta the remaining
thirty-five counties, having a white population of two
hundred and eighty thousand two hundred and eighty-
two, and a black population of one hundred and
eleven thousand one hundred and fifty nine but one
representative each; and because it apportions repre-
sentation in the Senate in the same way as near as
may be.
6. Because by these means it places the power to
impose taxes and all other legislative power in the
hands of those who will be non-tax-payers when it
goes into operation, and deprives a majority of those
who will have to pay tho taxes of the right to vote or
of the power to protect themselves against the op-
pression with which they will be inevitably visited.
7. Becauso it makes no provision for and does not
make it tho duty of the Legislature to appropriate
the money raised by law for common-schools, equally
and separately, forthe benefitof the white andblack
children in the State.
8. Bccause, after declaring in the first scction of
the third article " tho powers of the government of
the State ot Alabama shall be divided into threo dis-
tinct departments, namely, legislative, executive,
and judicial," it provides, in the filth section of tho
eloventh article, that "the board of education shall
exercise full legislative powers iu reference to the
educational institutions of tho State, and its acts,
when approved by the Governor, or when reenacted
by two thirds of tho board, in case of his disapproval,
shall have the forcc and olfect of law, unless repealed
by the General Assembly,
9. Becauso it divides the militia into two classes,
namely, volunteer militia" and "reserve militia;1'
and it is made the duty of the Governor by an ordi-
nance, which was not published with tho constitu-
tion, tor the information of the people, as two others
were which were less objectionable, to organize im-
mediately ono hundred and thirty-seven companies
of volunteer militia, which are to be armed and paid,
when in service, at the same rate as United States
ofliceis and soldiers, and out of tho State treasury,
tho mounted men to have fifty coats per day for their
horses. . .
10. Because by the twentieth section of said ordi-
nance, which goes into operation with the constitu-
tion, "all proceeds of the sale of contraband and
captured propertyscized or captured by the militia "
shall constitute a part of the fund out of which they
arc to be paid, thus inciting the " volunteers' to
harass the people in time of peace by unlawlul seiz-
ures and so provido the means of paying themselves
il the property seized is honestly turned over.
11. Because this constitution provides for a gov-
ernment which will cost annually from ono million
five hundred thousand to two million dollars, a sum
which the tax-payers of the State are wholly unable
to meet in their present impoverished condition.
And whereas said registered voters believing they
had the right to defeat a constitution so objection-
able as this, in either of the ways provided in the
aforesaid acts, and relying on their own and the good
faith of Congress in this behalf, tlioy made public
their resolution, some weeks in advance of said elec-
tion, not to vote at said election, but to stay away
from the polls. And, whereas, this large majority of
registered voters, for tho reasons aforesaid, wero
opposed to the adoption of said constitution, and
did not vote in said election and did not go to the
polls, thereby avoiding all occasion of violence or
disorder. And whereas it is now charged by those
who favor tho adoption of said constitution, "that
there is no reason to doubt that a majority of. the
legally registered voters residing in the State act-
ually voted at said elcetion and believed they voted
lor the constitution; and that at least ten thousand
legally registered voters attempted to vote but were
tumble to do so," for reasons set forth in a paper
published in the Daily Globe of March 12,1863, and
sworn to by Albert Griffin, John C. ,Kefler,_ and
others, before a notary public of the city of W ash-
ington on the 29th of February, 1868. And whereas
those registered voters who opposed the adoption of
said constitution have no desire to avoid a thoiough
and searching investigation of all matters connected
with said election. Aud whereas there is good rea-
son to'believo ;
1. That tho froedmen in large numbers, in all or
most of the counties in the State, refused to vote for
tho adoption of said constitution when they saw the
great body^of the old whito citizens, with whom they
wore well acquainted, among whom I hey had always
lived and with whom they expect to continue to live,
and who were permanently interested in the State,
were opposed to it.
