I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2961
investigating these claims. We can take this
bill up to-morrow, or if we get through with
the other bill in time, to-day after it is dis-
posed of. I have no opposition to this meas-
ure, but it seems to me it ought not to push
aside the regular order of the day.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator has asked
me to stand by him here for late sessions to
pass the bill which he asks the Senate now to
take up, and I have agreed to do it. I have
stood by him, and I am willing to stay here till
night-time, although I am not in favor of his
bill and do not expect to vote for it. At his
request I saitl I would stay here. Now, once
or twice, because the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, who reported this bill,
is sick and not here, I have felt it my duty to
call it up, and it is fatiguing to have to call the
same thing up and go over precisely the same
argument every day. I have done my duty.
Mr. CONNESS. I think fifteen minutes of
time will suffice to finish this bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If itis not the pleasure
«f the Senate to give these people some little
relief, the trifling relief this bill gives, I feel
lhat L have done my duty, and it can go. I
hope, however, the motion will prevail, and
that we shall finish this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on postponing the order of the day.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think there had better
be no vote taken on postponement. I have no
doubt the Senator trom Illinois will give us a
few minutes, and then if the bill cannot be
passed we shall not desire to take up further
time.
Mr. TRCJMBULL. I will withdraw any
objection to allowing fifteen minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By unan-
imous consent, the present bill may be contin-
ued before the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. I object. I am against
allowing these large claims to go through in
this way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to postpone the order of
the day.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will say for twenty
minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will say
for fifteen minutes, I will make no objection.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Say twenty minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will agree to twenty
minutes.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tions on postponing the order of the day ; and a
division being called for, twenty-two Senators
voted in favor of the motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call the attention of
the Chair to the fact that the Senator from
Indiana varied his motion, and it ought to be
understood by the Senate. It is a postpone-
ment for twenty minutes.
The PRESIDENT1 pro tempore. The Chair
knows nothing about minutes. There is no
such rule in the books. The motion to post-
pone is agreed to. Senate bill No. 307 is
before the body, and the Senator from New
Jersey is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ERELINGHLYSEN. Mr. President,
I will not occupy the time of the Senate.
There is this consideration which induced me
to vote that this bill might go over : if there is
any correctness, or if there is -any doubt but
that the Senator from Wisconsin may be cor-
rect. this matter ought to have further con-
sideration. I understand that the $-00,000
included in this bill is over and above the
$500,000 which the Government has already
paid more than the contract. The understand-
ing of the Senator from Wisconsin is that while
the Government, has paid $500,000 more than
the contract, it really ought to have paid but
$200,000 more than "the contract. If there is
any question on that subject, 1 think this mat-
ter had better go over until to-morrow, until
Information can be got at the Department.
, Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, 1 do not think
the facts which belong to these cases have been
fully stated here at all. If they had been, I
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 186.
verily believe the Senate would be the next
thing to unanimous in this matter. The won-
der to me is that the parties interested in this
bill would take from the Government the sum
provided here in full of their just claims.
I opposed the consideration of this bill yes-
terday in order that I might reexamine the
matter on the basis of the documents I had in
my possession. I spent the whole of last even-
ing making that reexamination, and I say, with-
out a moment's hesitation, that if ever there
came before Congress a just claim for relief, it
is in favor of these contractors for the con-
struction of these national vessels. If the
Senate will give me its attention for a very few
moments, I can state the case to them, I think,
in such a way as will show them that the manner
in which I characterize this claim is correct.
I will take the single instance, among nine
vessels of the same class precisely that were
ordered to be constructed, of the Tippecanoe,
the contract for which was taken by Miles
Greenwood, of Cincinnati, known to many
Senators on this floor personally and by repu-
tation as a first-rate man in every respect.
That contract was given'to him on the 1st of
September, 1802, and -his obligation was to
complete the vessel in six months. Mark Lhat
fact: the obligation was to complete the vessel
in six months. The contract called for the
delivery to him at the time of the signing of it,
of the drawings and specifications for the con-
struction of that vessel, but when were they
furnished ? The very first one that was fur-
nished was on the 28th of that month, and
they were strung along from that time for two
years and a half before Miles Greenwood got
the drawings and specifications of that ship
entire ; so that two years after the time that he
contracted to have built the vessel, and would
have had it built if they had given him their
drawings and specifications, he got the last of
the drawings and specifications. Two years
after the time that he had agreed to finish it, he
was delayed by the action of the Navy Depart-
ment before he could put the last strokes upon
that vessel, and she was consequently not fin-
ished until December, 18G5.
At, the time that contract was entered into
gold was 118, and it went on increasing. Let
me give you some of the quotations. In Sep-
tember, 1862, gold was 118 ; in January, 18G3,
136; in April, 18G3, 146; in July, 132: in
December, 148 ; in January, 1864, 152 ; April,
1864, 175; July, 282; December, 204; Janu-
ary, 1865, 226; April, 1865, 144; July, 140;
and December, 145.
During all that period Miles Greenwood was
kept by the Navy Department from fulfi^ing
his contract by their delay in giving him speci-
fications of his work, by their changes, by their
alterations of that work. And now, sir, what
is the consequence? I ask the Senate's atten-
tion to the figures for one moment as shown
in the case of that very vessel. The whole
increased cost of the vessel was $349,455 23
occasioned by these delays. And what did
the Navy Department pay of that amount?
$173,327 84, leaving unprovided for of that
increased cost $176,127 39.
There is the history of one of our nine ves-
sels of exactly the same class, built under
like contracts, upon the same specifications,
' delayed for the same length of time; and
these parties are a portion of those that suffered
by the action of the Navy Department, nine
of them, and this board organized by the Navy
Department reports a pittance of $38,513 each
to five of them, and not a cent to the other
four. Now, they come to Congress and ask
for relief; and 1 say, sir, that it is a shame and
an outrage upon ail honor and all correctness
of official action, in my opinion, for Congress
to turn them away from its doors when not a
moment's delay did they ever make, but were
ready to press on with their work, and did
press on with it honestly and faithfully, and
every day for two years and a half from the
time the contract was made were they delayed
by the failure to furnish them the specifica-
tions.
The balance due to these men in this bill,
according to the increased expense of then-
work, is$714,905 64, afterallowingtheoi forfhe
half million that the Navy Department paid
them; and you propose now to cut them off
with a little over one hundred and fifteen
thousand dollars, and even to begrudge them
that, and so, too, with the remaining two of
the vessels for which allowances are made by
this bill; and then you propose to cut off all
the rest and not even allow them the poor privi-
lege of going into the Court of Claims to have
their claims for additional compensation sifted,
investigated, and determined by an impartial
tribunal. Sir, this commission that the Navy
Department organized went into an ex parte,
examination of this matter. "We want to trans-
fer it to a court where both parties can be heard.
Again, sir, I repeat my conviction that there
never was a more righteous claim before Con-
gress than this very claim ; and I hope the Sen-
ate will pass it in some shape or other.
Mr. CORBETT. It is admitted, I believe,
on all sides that this amount is due to these
parties according to the report, and I think the
amendment as proposed and as drawn by the
Senator from Indiana covers the ease. I hope
we shall take a vote on that without any further
debate. It seems to me that by that course we
shall give these men the money that is due them
without any doubt, and they maybe relieved to
some extent at least.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. CORBETT. I call for the reading of
the amendment as it has been modified by the
Senator.
The amendment, as modified, was read, as
follows:
Insert at the end of the bill these words;
IVhieh shall be in lull dischargo ot all claims
against the United States on account of vessels upon
which the board made the allowance, as per their
report made under the act of March 2,1S67.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend that amend-
ment by substituting for it the following:
Which payments respectively shall be in full dis-
charge of all claims of the persons to whom such
payments shall be made, which have been presented
under said act, and of all claims arising out ot the
matters in connection with which the services 'and
damages so claimed for arose.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does that cut them off
from applying in the same way as all the other
contractors are allowed to apply, to the Court
of Claims, for other vessels than those adju-
dicated upon ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; only those adjudi-
cated upon.
Mr. ANTHONY. But the other contractors
are allowed to apply to the Court of Claims in
regard to those vessels where the board re-
ported adversely.
Mr. HOWE. I call for the yeas and nays
on the amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The amendment to the
amendment proposes to establish the propo-
sition that the award of this board that is
now claimed shall stand as a whole alto-
gether, and that where the board lias decided
against a claimant the claimant shall be satis-
fied with that, as well as taking the money that
they have decided in his favor.^ Here, for
instance, is Mr. A, who puts in a claim
before this board, under the act of Congress,
for damages, and resumed in respect to two
vessels. The board investigates the claim as
to both these vessels. The board is of opin-
ion, and so reports to the Secretary of the
Navy, that as to one of the vessels the claim
is not meritorious, is not well-foundedand
as to the other, it reports that the claim is
well-founded and proposes the proper com-
| pensation. Now, the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Indiana only declares that the judg-
ment of this board shall be a bar to any future
claim as it respects the particular vessel upon
which an allowance is made, whereas the
amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin
I asserts the proposition that it the claimant
i wishes to take the benefit of this judgment as
