554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
buI from retaining any fees except for office rent
and a certain amount for clerk hire, and pro-
vides that all the rest shall go into the Treas-
ury. That is the law. When the consular sys- i
tem -was revised in 1865 or 1866, as it was, it
was not a paying system, and at that time it was
discovered that great frauds were perpetrated
on the Treasury by the undervaluation of goods
and merchandise /ent to our shores. At that :
time we passed a law compelling each shipper ;
to have his invoices countersigned by the con- ■
sul on the spot and compelling the shipper to !
Eay, I think, two dollars or two dollars and a i
alf for the consular certificate. Each consul
was directed to make himself conversant with
the value of merchandise manufactured at and
exported from the point to which he was appoint- I
cd. lam informed that since the adoption of the 1
new system the labors of consuls have greatly !
increased, and Governor Seward told me the
other day that the consular system, instead of
being a burden on the Treasury, would this
year pay some one hundred and thirty thousand
dollars or one hundred and forty thousand dol-
lars into the Treasury. It has become more
than a self-sustaining department of the Gov-
ernment.
But, as I said before, the duties of a consul
are strietly commercial. He must know, or is
supposed to know, the value of the merchan-
dise which he certifies at the point where i£ is !
manufactured, to wit: in Manchester, of the
fabrics of Manchester; in Lyons, of the fabrics
there. I do not know but that the occupation
of a naval officer may eminently fit him for the
performance of these duties. It may be that
there is no man in the United States so well
qualified to perform them as a retired naval
officer. Of course the President can now
select a naval officer for one of these positions
as well as any one else, and send his name for
confirmation to the Senate. This resolution,
as I understand it, is not, as the Senator states,
to prevent a naval officer from being displaced
from the Navy if he receives such an appoint-
ment, but to give him shore duty pay instead
of retired pay. The retired pay of a rear
admiral is $2,000 a year, and the shore-duty
pay of a rear admiral on land service is $4,000;
of a commodore it is $1,800, and for the land
service, $3,200; of a captain $1,600 retired
pay, $2,800 land duty pay; of a commander
SI,400 retired pay, and $2,240 shore duty pay.
But that is immaterial.
I am informed and believe that the Treasury
has been benefited by this new consular system
to the extent of more than twenty million dollars
a year. If an invoice is found to be incorrect,
if a fraud is attempted upon the Treasury, the
invoice is immediately returned to the consul
who certified that it was correct, and it is his
duty to thoroughly investigate it and bring to
justice the perpetrator of the fraud. As I said
before, it is of vital importance that a consul
should have thorough business knowledge;
that he should be a man who thoroughly under-
stands all about the mercantile transactions
between the point to which he is accredited
and the United States. I simply want the com-
mittee under whose charge this whole system
is to investigate this measure. If we find that
retired naval officers are the very best agents
that we can get we shall report in favor of the
resolution. We might save perhaps a few hun-
dred dollars by passing it now, but we should
lose as many millions.
The Senator says that he wants to show the
Senate that the Committee on Commerce is not
the only committee that understands this ques-
tion. It may be that frauds have been perpe-
trated. I know nothing about that. If they
have been it was the duty of the Secretary of
the Treasury to call the attention of the Com-
mittee on Commerce to the fact, in order that
it might be remedied. When the Navy De-
partment built twenty iron-clads at an expense
of $10,000,000, and not one of them would
float, I never charged the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs with incompetency
because he permitted it to be done. I was
ordered, as a member of the Committee on the
Conduct of the War, to investigate those iron-
clads, and I found that the Navy Department
had built twenty, not one of which would float,
but I never called in question the competency
of the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs because of that fact. It was a great
blunder, but it was not a blunder of the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs by
any means; nor is the Committee on Com-
merce responsible if a fraud or even an abuse
has crept into the consular system. We have
been told that the Committee on Retrenchment
is examining into the consular system. I do
not know what the Committee on Retrench-
ment has to do with the consular system. The
Committee on Commerce will revise the con-
sular system if it comes up for action here,
because it is under our charge. I hope this
joint resolution will be referred to the commit-
tee to which it belongs, and that we shall be
allowed to act upon it.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not propose that the
Senator from Michigan shall divert the atten-
tion of the Senate from the issue that is before
us by his allusions to the Navy Department.
Whether or not the Navy Department made
great blunders during the war in the construc-
tion of ships has nothing to do with this ques-
tion, as I apprehend. The issue was one between
the Senator and myself. He charged the Naval
Committee with knowing nothing about the
consular system; and we did not profess to
know anything about it; but in support of his
statement he said that this joint resolution would
give larger salaries to the consuls than are now
authorized by law, and he stated specifically
that there was no consul in the interior of Eng-
land who received more than $3,000 per annum
in salary and in fees. I controverted that posi-
tion, and I think I have proved it to-day.
Now, as to the other point. The only question
between the Senator and the Committee on
Naval Affairs is this: a naval officer is a man
who was taken when he was a youth and edu-
cated for the service of his country, instructed
at the Naval Academy in international law;
during a service of twenty or twenty-five years
he has mingled among gentlemen, both in our
own country and abroad; it is his business to
understand the commercial laws, for that is a
part of the profession of a naval officer, and he
is sent abroad for the purpose of enforcing them;
and we think that competent men may be
selected from that branch of the service to per-
form consular duty. We think that is a very
good school in which to prepare them for these
consulates. The Senator, on the other hand,
imagines that a proper school is to be furnished
perhaps in his own State, perhaps in the traffic
in whisky, in shingles, and white fish on the
classic banks of Saginaw, or in trapping on the
Upper Peninsula, with an opportunity occasion-
ally to mingle in the polite society of Mack-
inaw, where the trapper will go annually to
exchange his skins for a new supply of fish-
hooks and traps and whisky. That is the issue.
I leave it with the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. I move to postpone this
matter and take up my motion relative to Sen-
ate bill No. 156, and on that question I wish to
be heard.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Nevada moves to postpone the joint
resolution under consideration for the purpose
of taking up the bill mentioned by him.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to be heard on
that motion.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President 
Mr. STEWART. I have the floor.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senator will
give way for a moment or two.
Mr. STEWART. I do not ask for any action
on the motion which I have submitted, and
which I now propose to take up, and I intend
to withdraw it when I get through with my re-
marks. In order that the subject-matter of my
remarks may be understood I ask the Secre-
tary to read the bill as part of my speech.
Mr. POMEROY. I would rather the bill
should be taken u^) before it is read.
r| I wish to explain a very I
Mr. STEWART.
important subject, with which I believe the Son-
ate is not entirely familiar, a subject to which
I have given eighteen years of study.
j The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There can
be no debate on the question of reading a paper.
That must be decided without debate. I sup-
pose it is in order for a Senator to have any-
. thing that he thinks pertinent read as a part of
his argument.
Mr. POMEROY. What is the motion before
the Senate ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is to take up the bill referred toby the Senator
from Nevada.
! Mr. WILSON. Is not this a motion to post-
j pone a question which is before the Senate?
: And I ask whether it is in order on the ques-
tion of postponing a pending measure to call
' for the reading of a bill on any subject ?
The PRESlDENT />ro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up for consideration the bill
named by the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. WILSON. That is not the motion as
I understand it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is to postpone the present business for the pur-
pose of taking up that bill.
Mr. STEWART. I want, the Senate to be
informed as to what the subject-matter that I
niove to take up is, and I ask for the reading
I of a short bill for explanation and as part ot
| my speech.
Mr. WILSON. There is a pending question
before the Senate, and the Senator moves to
postpone that for the purpose of taking up an-
|| other subject.
II Mr. STEWART. I have the floor, and I
claim the right to debate that question.
Mr. CHANDLER. I make the point of
order that the Senator from Nevada is out of
order in thus interposing a speech on the ques-
tion of postponement—proposing to make a
speech on one subject when the question is on
postponing another.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to know
how the Senator from Michigan can make a
point on a speech the Senator from Nevada
proposes to make. [Laughter.] He has not
heard the speech; he does not know whether
it is in order or not. The Senator from Nevada
has clearly a right to present to the Senate the
proper reasons for considering one subject in-
stead of another. Now, he is going to make
a speech on that subject, and I claim that that
is in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on postponing the matter under con-
sideration for the purpose of taking up the
bill mentioned by the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear
that bill read, to know what it is that we are
asked to take up. I think that is in order. I
cannot vote to postpone this matter and take
up something else unless I know what it is that
we are to take up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
proposed to be taken up will be read by its
title.
Mr. STEWART. I want it read at length.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It may be
read as a part of the argument of the Senator
from Nevada.
The Secretary proceeded to read sections one,
two, three, four and five of the bill (S. No. 156)
to establish a national school of mines.
Mr. STEWART. The Secretary may now
stop. I do not ask for the further reading of
the bill. Enough has been read to show what
it is, and I will proceed with my remarks.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to hear the bill read
through.
Mr. STEWART. I rise to a point of order.
I do not think the gentleman can regulate my
speech. I called for the reading of the bill as
part of my speech, and I have a right to have
those portions of the bill read through which I
desire.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing will proceed.
The Secretary read the sixth section of the
bill.
