1938
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March IT,
2. That their purpose not to vote was strengthened
by the fact that those white men who were most act-
ive in favor of its adoption were new-comers, of
whom they knew little or nothing, and -who had no
visible interest in the State or the freedmen except
to get office.
3. That in many instances these new-comers and
those who aided them used threats of violence to
freedmen if they did not come and vote; in others
they promised them lands and mules, and in this way
induced or scared many into going to the polls and
voting who would not otherwise have gone.
4. That many freedmen voted who were not of
legal Age, and also voted for others who were either
unwilling to come to the polls and vote or were
unable to.
5. That many of the freedmen voted more than ono
tickot, and, in some instances, when they were de-
tected they excuscd themselves bccause of ignor-
ance. and gave the names of white men who were
candidates for office as tho persons who had given
them the roll of paper and told them to put it in the
box—that it was " all right."
6. Tbat many freedmcn voted in counties where
they did not live aswellasin the counties where they
did live. This wasthecase in Mobile, Dallas,Mont-
gomery, Barbour, Hale, Macon. Lee, Greene, and
Marengo countics, and to some extent, but not as
great, in several others.
7. By these meansmany illegal votes wore obtained
in favor of adopting said Constitution, and through
tho active agency in a great degree of those whose
only interest in thequestion consists in the fact that
if it is adopted, they ex peer, to get an office of some
sort which will onablethem to live on thesubstance
of people to whom they are strangers, "alike un-
knowing and unknown:" Therefore,
Beit resolved. That the bill and pending amendments
be recommitted to the Reconstruction Committee,
and that they be directed to send for persons and pa-
pers, or, it they deem if, mU isable, to visit tho Stato
of Alabamator the purposo of asceitaimngthe truth
of these and other allegations made before the House
of Roprcsentativos. JAMBS BROOKS,
JAMES B. BliCK.
Mr. BOYER. I yield the remainder of ray
time to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Wood.]
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I have not time,
if I had the capacity, to add anything to the
general objections to this measure which have
been made by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Buyer] in his able speech, and in llio
minority report read by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] who has just taken his
seat. I have risen for the purpose of calling
the attention of the House more especially to
the stipulations provided for in the second sec-
tion, for the purpose of reminding the House
that in the original bill admitting the State of
Alabama, passed in 1819, Congress incorporated
certain conditions which were to bind that
State forever after. But by a decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States, it was
held that Congress had no power to insert such
fundamental stipulations. And it is remark-
able that that decision should have been made
under the original act of Congress passed in
1819, admitting Alabama as one of the States
of the Union. The decision is given in 3
Howard, in which it is settled ''that the United
States never held any municipal sovereignty,
jurisdiction, or right of soil in and to the ter-
ritory of which Alabama or any of the new
States were formed."
This case was brought up by writ of error
from the supreme court of Alabama. It is
reported at length, and, in my judgment,
settles the principle that Congress cannot in-
corporate stipulations like those in the second
section of this bill, which provides certain con-
ditions forever hereafter to bind the State.
The stipulation which was contained in the
original act, passed on the 2d of March, 1819,
for the admission of Alabama, was "that all
navigable waters within said State should for-
ever remain public highways," &c. This stip-
ulation, the court decided, conveyed no more
power over the navigable waters of Alabama
to the Government of the United States than
it possesses over the navigable waters of other
States under the provisions of the Constitution.
But as gentlemen will examine the decisions
for themselves, I will make no further quota-
tions. In my judgment it settles and declares
the principle, and this is sufficient for our pur-
pose. The bill under consideration, for the
immediate admission of Alabama, is subject to
other grave objections. It proposes to indorse
the action of a mei-e moiety of the population,
who voted on the proposition to make a con-
stitution for the State to bind the present and
future generations. Of those who voted for
the constitution but few were qualified; and
the constitution itself, whether adopted by a
competent vote or not, is utterly objectionable
in many of its features. While I am earnestly
desirous of giving the people of the southern
States their own governments at the earliest
possible moment, 1 am not in favor of handing
over that people to the tender mercies of their
former servants, made more degraded by the
new principle's and habits which their present
associates have taught them. If this consti-
tution shall be adopted by Congress and the
class of men to which the government of that
State shall be assigned in consequence are to
take the reins, God help Alabama, and God
help those who are to live under the regime
thus to be created 1 Heretofore, in all coun-
tries and ages, government has been in the
hands of the more intelligent and virtuous;
but under the system thus created this is to be
reversed. The ignorant and debased are to
govern, and the cultivated, educated, and re-
fined are to be governed. I need not depict
the results of such a state of things. It re-
quires no prophecy to see that insecurity of
property and general demoralization, social
and political, will follow. Those safeguards
which society require for the protection of
life, liberty, and property will find no advo-
cates in such a community when thus con-
trolled. Nor will time afford relief; because
this is a proposition to make a fundamental
form of government—a permanent provision
to bind the present and the future. A certain
class is to be clothed with all power to the
exclusion of all other classes, however merit-
orious or well qualified. Nor is this the only
objection to the congressional system of recon-
struction. There is another, which the indus-
trial and tax-paying interests of all other parts
of the Union should think over and consider
deeply. It is that, under this state of things,
the productive resources of the agricultural
regions of the South must becomc paralyzed,
and. in time, almost entirely destroyed. Such
has been the result in every country where the
laboring element of the population have been
encouraged to become proprietors of the soil
instead of the tillers of it. Jamaica is a signal
example; we need no other. It is a case in
point, which, if gentlemen will study closely,
they will be struck with the painful analogy.
In discussing another bill (the Freedmen's
Bureau) I shall have occasion to draw the par-
allel between the two countries, when I shall
attempt to show that the southern States, like
the fair Island of Jamaica, will become, like
her, a desolate and a waste, unproductive,
uncivilized, and almost inhuman in the degra-
dation of its population.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, obtained
the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me to report back the amendments of
the Senate to the post route bill and let it be
passed ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I will do
so, retaining tho floor on this bill.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I report back the
amendments of the Senate to the post route
bill with a recommendation that they be con-
curred in.
Mr. ROSS. T call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. This bill contains no legis-
lation.
Mr. ROSS. If might repeal the Supreme
Court.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman, from Illi-
nois [Mr. Ross:] objects, and the bill is not
before the House.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. After a
full examination of the final returns from Ala-
bama, which wo had not got when this bill was
drawn, I am satisfied, for one, that to force a
vote on this bill and admit the State against
our own law, where there is a difference of
twenty odd thousand would, not be doing such
justice in legislation as will be expected by the
people. With that view of the case, I shall
vote for the motion to recommit, and on that
motion I demand the previous question.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to present a sub-
stitute for the bill as an amendment, so that it
may be printed.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. do not
object.
The substitute was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PAINE. I ask consent to print some
remarks on this bill, not having had an oppor-
tunity as a member of the committee to deliver
them.
Leave to print was granted to Mr. Paine ;
also to Mr. Kerr, Mr. Eldridge, and Mr.
Mitogen.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to ask if the
bill will be left open to amendment when it is
reported back?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Oh, un-
doubtedly it will be open for discussion and
amendment when it is reported back.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered ; and under the oper-
ation thereof the motion to recommit the bill
to the Committee on Reconstruction was
agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was recommitted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
report on meters.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting the
report of the commission to examine meters }
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the report
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
light-house at bayley's harbor.
The SPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, transmitting a commu-
nication from General Reynolds, light-house
engineer eleventh district, relative to the light-
house at Bayley's harbor, &c. ; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
the patent office.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I ask leave to
offer a resolution in relation to the Patent
Office, to which I am sure there will be no
objection.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Patents be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing
by law that the tunds under tiie controt ot the Pat-
ent Office, after paying expenses, shall, from time to
time, be paid into the Treasury, including surplus
moneys now on hand; also, ttiafc said committee
inquire into the expediency of reducing the fees re-
quired to be paid by applicants for patents; and that
said committee report by bill or otherwise,
There was no objection, and the resolution
was received.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. In support of
the resolution which I have offered I submit
the following letter, which I have received
from the acting Commissioner of Patents:
United States Patent Office.
1 'ebruary S. 1868.
Sir: In reply to yours of the 7 th instant [have to
say that the statements below shows the balances on
hand of the patent fund on the 1st of July, 1863-64
65-66 and 67, and also the amount on hand on the 1st
of January, 1868.
The money constituting tho patent fund is kept on
deposit in the Treasury, and drawn therefrom on
regular requisitions approved and signed by the Sec-
retary of the Interior, as the necessities oflhe office
quire a striet account, with vouchers, beine tar-
nished quarterly to tho accounting officers of the
Treasury.
The law makes no provision for investing the fund
so as to draw interest.
Balance on hand July 1,1863    $33,506 69
Balance on hand July 1,1S64  58, 1-19 76
Balance on lland July 1, 1S63  S2.789 34
Balance on hand July 1,1866  218.532 46
Balance on hand Julyl, 1867  16
Balance on band January 1,1868   271,444 48
Very respectfully, yours, &e..,
A. M. STOUT,
Acting Commissioner.
Hon. W. Lawrence, Hotise of Representatives.
