1868.
THE OOiNOKESSlONAL GLOBE.
8987
and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 837) con-
tinuing die refining of bullion in the Mint of
the United States and branches, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
The bill (H. R. No. 142S) authorizing the
admission iu evidence ot' copies of certain
papers, documents, and entries, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
this funding bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
207) for funding the national debt and for the
conversion of the notes of the United States,
the pending amendment being on the amend-
ment reported by Mr. Sherman, from the Com-
mittee on Finance, as a substitute for the bill.
ilr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the
amendment iu line nine by striking out " five''
and inserting "four and a half;" in line ten,
after the word '•four,'' by striking out the
words "and a half;" and in line eleven by
striking out "four" and inserting "three and
a half;" so that the clause will read:
The issue of bonds falling duo in twenty years shall
bear iruerest at lour ami a half per cent.; bonds tail-
ing due in thirty ye i.r.-i shall bear interest at lour per
cent,; and bonds faiiiugdue in forty years shall boar
interest at three and a half per cent., wuicli said
bonds shall bo exempt Irom taxation, &c.
I should like to have the yeas and nays on
this proposition.
'llie yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDliN. I shall feel disposed to
vote fur this amendment if the bill is to stand
as it does now, issuing bonds at twenty, thirty,
and forty years; but t have an amendment to
propose which 1 think ought, to be made to the
bill, and if that amendment be adopted I shall
not vote for this amendment because I think it
■would be limiting the interest too much. I
propose to amend the bill, when I have an
opportunity, in the first section, line 'five, by
inserting after the word "after," the words
" ten years and payable after," so that it will
read, •' redeemable iu coin at the pleasure of
the United States after ten years, and payable
after twenty, thirty, and forty years respect-
ively." If that amendment should be adopted,
I should be willing to vote for the rates of inter-
est as they stand now in the bill, and think
that would be as well as we could do.
1 am opposed to taking off the limit of ten
years. As our financial system stands at the
present time it is a perfectly fixed and stable
system. We have, in reality, only two kinds
of funds, the five-twenties, so called, redeem-
able after five years, and payable in twenty
years, and the ten-forties, redeemable after ten
and payable in forty jeais. 1 think ten years
is the furthest point to which we ought to go
and put out of our hands the power to redeem.
The system as it stands now was piedicated
upon the idea of controllability; that our funds
bearing the interest they did, might, in a rea-
sonable time, be within ou'r control; that if a
better state of things occurred, as we believed
a better state of things would occur, and the
country became stable and prosperous again,
it would be perfectly easy for us tneu to reduce
the rate ot interest, and reduce it materially,
and piace our funds on a very different footing
from that on which they now stand. That is a
power, and an important power, which those
who had charge of i he finances thought should
always be retained as far as possible. I pre-
sume that there is no one of the committee but
what would agree with me upon the important
ptinciple; anil yet the first section ot this bill
abandons that idea and carries the lowest point
forwuid for ten years more, so that the bonds
we may put out now are not to he redeemable
within twenty year.*, or only after that time has
expired. 1 think that that is inexpedient and
unnecessary. _ .
1 know the answer that may be given. It is
that we shall not be likely to negotiate the
bonds with such a provision. I think, in the
first place, we should be quite as likely, because
the people wouldreason, " If I should get my
money at that time, very well; but if not, I go
on precisely as if this limit had not been placed
upon the bill oiiginally." In my judgment,
ye had very much better pay the six per cent,
interest, as we are paying it, for a few years
longer, than put tbecontrol of the finances, of
the funds, so called, out of our bauds for the
period of twenty years. Remember that when
we have once transposed these bonds in this
way, they are no louger within our control for
the long periods that we fix. If this country
becomes as prosperous as I believe it will
within ten years from this period, if it arrives
at that point of prosperity, which wo may well
foresee for it, with our troubles settled, and
everything going on as it did, I believe that
within ten years from this time the credit of
this country will be rivaled by the credit of no
country on the face of the earth, and that it
will be perfectly easy for us to borrow money,
if we are disposed to borrow it to take up the
debt that falls due, the accruing debt, upon
terms most favorable to ourselves, and at the
lowest rate of interest. Believing that for the
sake of putting out a bill at the present time
for any purpose, either to affect the mind of
the public at this particular crisis, or for the
still better purpose of reducing the interest, I
have not been able to persuade myself that
what we should gain for a short period iu inter-
est by the reduction of one per cent, would,
by any means, pay us for putting the control
of these large sums of money out of our hands
for so long a period as twenty years.
Now, sir, this is an opinion which I state for
what it is worth. It is my settled conviction,
and I know it to be the settled conviction of
men wiser than myself. For that purpose I
propose to offer the amendment I have sug-
gested to the Senate, and see what the Senate
think of it, and upon the vote on that will
depend my vote upon my friend's amendment
to reduce the interest, if my amendment pre-
vails, 1 shall let the interest stand as it does
now: if not, I shall vote for the Senator's
amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. I shall not argue this
financial subject. 1 did not suppose, a short
time since, that anything would be done upon
these bills at the present session ; but it seems
to be the desire ol the chairman of the Finance
Committee at least to put before the creditors
of the United States a proposition for funding
their debt, and for the reduction of the rate ot
interest. At an early part ot the session, on
the 21st of January last, 1 introduced a bill, the
second section of which provided for the fund-
ing of the public debt—
"Principal and interest to bo paid in coin, and
bearing interest at a. late n< t exceeding three and a
half per cunt., payable semi-annually, tbo same to
be paid in fifty years irom tlicir date, but le leemable
at the pleasure ot tlie Government atter ten years
Irom the date of issue, which said bonus the Sec-
retary may dispose ot at not less than their par
value," tfce.
The Committee on Finance reported a bill
for funding the debt—1 do not remember the
time—at five percent. 1 desire simply to state,
without taking up any of the time of the Senate
during such hot weather as this in the discus-
sion of a proposition of this character, that a
large portion of the people of the United
States believe that abouttwo thousand million
dollars of our public debt is payable in lawful
money; in other words, in greenbacks. A
large number of them also believe that the
Government may propeily issue any quantity
of United States notes for the payment of the
public debt; while another large portion of the
prople believe that we have a perfect right to
pay the five-twenties in lawful money of the Uni-
ted States, but that it would be bad faith to ex-
ceed in the issue of lawful money $400,000,000;
but that with an outstanding circulation of
$400,000,000 we may proceed (mm year to
year to pay off the greenbacks in live-twenties,
in this contrariety of opinion a proposition is
now presented to fund the public debt, includ-
ing the five-twenties, in a new set of bonds or
a new fund, payable at the pleasure of the
United States after twenty, thirty, and forty
years, but to change the character of the pay-
ment ; in other words, that if we have the right
now to pay the five-twenties in lawful money
of the UnitedStateSj which is worth, say seventy
cents to the dollar, we will make an agreement
upon this occasion to pay it, not in lawful
money, but in coin ; to make a new contract
with our creditors, and, as the Senator from
Maine savs, extend the time from two years,
in fact, two, three, and five years, payable now
at the pleasure of the United States, up to
twenty years, and debar ourselves of the priv-
ilege of making payment to the creditors in
that time, and agree to pay upon that twenty
years' security five per cent, in coin.
I for one am totally unwilling to make any
euoh contract. I believe with the Senator
from Maine that it is possible at least—[ do
not say that it is probable, but it is possible—
that with lessened expenditures of the Govern-
ment. with economy on our part, and with an
intention to pay off the public debt at an early
day, with prosperity in the country, good crops,
and a revival of industry, we may possibly be
able to borrow money within twenty years for
far less tliau five per cent. Suppose such
should be the case, wo shall by this bill have
tied up our hands in such a way that it will be
utterly impossible for us to do it. We have
changed this contract, which we may now
liquidate in lawful money of the United States,
into a gold bond, binding ourselves to pay the
principal in gold. We shall then be obligated
for twenty years to pay five per cent., when in
all probability we maybe able to borrow money
at three and a half or four per cent. Even if
we could borrow it at four per cent, it would
be a very large saving. Then we further obii
gate ourselves upoia the thirty-year bonds to
pay four and a half per cent , and upon the
forty-year bonds to pay four per cent. I think
that that interest ought to be reduced. I do
not know that 1 desiie especially a funding of
the public debt under a proposition such as is
contained in this amendment. It is too much
interest.
Mr. FESSENDISN. It is already funded.
Mr. HENDERSON, it is true it is already
funded; and although we are paying six pet-
cent. upon it, yet we ceitainly do have the
advantage, in my judgment, of the right to pay
it off in lawful money. I do not desire now to
go into the discussion of that question. 1 dis-
cussed it at early part of the session,whether
to the satisfaction of any member of .the Sen-
ate or not it is now unnecessary to inquire. 1
do not desire .to renew the discussion. But
this is a proposition made to the creditors. It
is not obligatory upon ttie creditors to take it.
It is not mandatory upon them. We do not
pretend to force them to take this course. We
do not do as some Governments have done,
and, in fact, as the English Government has
done on several occasions. Although we hear
the credit of England boasted of iu our coun-
try so much, they have actually put their cred-
itors in a position upon several occasions to
compel them to take a fund with a smaller rate
of interest.
I do not advocate any such legislation on our
part. I do not think it is necessary. 1 did
not advocate it before and 1 do not now. 1
do not desire to make it obligatory on our
creditors to reduce their interest or to confis-
cate any part of their indebtedness. I think
it is bad legislation, but if we are to repudiate-
any part of our debt we shall do it alter it
becomes perfectly manifest tiiat we cannot pay
the interest, and not until then. I know that
some have called those who believe that the
five-twenties can be paid in lawful money,^ re-
pudiatois. I for one say that I have no feel-
ing of that kind, although I believe that the
contract is sixth that they can be lawfully so
paid, and believing it, of course, I never could
consent to such rates of interest as are pre-
scribed iu this bill, especially as the Senator
from Maine says, if the time of payment is to
be so long prolonged. Now, inasmuch as this
