3988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
is a mere proposition to the creditors, and
they can take it or not take it, I do not think
■we have much to gain by it. For myself, I
■would rather the creditors should refuse to
fund than to fund under the proposition of this
bill. I must say that the securities this bill
will give them will be infinitely better to the
creditors than the present securities. Jti other
words, this is abad contract on the part of the
Government; it is a contract we, as guardians
of the public interest, ought not to be willing
to make, and I for one, being unwilling to make
it, move this amendment, and I hope it will be
adopted.
Mr. OATTELL. Of the two propositions,
the one presented by the Senator from Missouri
and the one presented by the Senator from
Maine, I very greatly prefer that presented by
the Senator from Maine. There is a manifest
propriety in holding the control of this large
indebtedness, if we can possibly do it at this
rate of interest, and succeed in funding the
debt, or, as the Senator from Maine says, in
refunding it. The proposition of the Senator
from Missouri proceeds oil the opinion which
lie expresses here that we may lawfully pay the
five-twenty bonds in lawful money. To that
proposition of the Senator from Missouri 1
respectfully enter my dissent. I believe, in
the language of the platform of the great party
which the majority in this Chamber represent,
that we are bound to maintain the public faith
and honor, and to meet our obligations not
only in the letter but in the spirit of the laws
under which they were contracted; and so long
as 1 occupy a seat in this body I cannot con-
sent, under any conceivable circumstances, to
give my sanction to the payment of the public
debt in anything else than that in which the
Government of the United States has always
paid its bonded debt, in coin, the legal tender of
the country and of the world. I therefore must
vote against the proposition of the Senator from
Missouri, because 1 believe the rate of interest
which he proposes is so low as to entirely
defeat the operation of this bill. I believe all
the members of the Finance Committee, with
the exception of the Senator from Missouri,
are under the impression that the terms pro-
posed in the bill under consideration are the
shortest in point of years and the lowest in
point of interest under which the public debt
may be refunded.
It is perfectly proper that those who enter-
tain the views of the Senator from Maine, who
prefer that the debt should remain in its pres-
ent position at the interest of six per cent,
rather than be refunded under this bill fixing
the time so long as twenty years, without any
option of the Government, should be opposed
to the bill; but whoever is in favor of lefund-
ing the public debt at five per cent, interest,
with a bond of positive conditions, payable in
twenty years, should vote in favor of this bill,
in my judgmetit. If you attach 10 it any other
conditions or any other rate of interest I fear
that you defeat the working of the bill. It is
with this view that 1 shall vote against the
proposition of the Senator from Missouri; and
I hope it will not prevail.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 2-5 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cole, Coupling, Davis,
Henderson, llondrieks, Patterson of Tennessee, and
Viokers—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Con-
Hess, Uratrin, Drake, Ferry, Eessenden, Howard,
Morgan. Morrill of Maine,Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, .Nye, Osborn, Ramsey, Rice, Ross, Sherman,
Suamer, VanWiukie, Wade, Welch, Williams and
Wilson—25.
ABiKNT — Messrs. Bayard, Chandler, Corbett,
Dixon, Doolittle, Kdmunds, Fowler, Frelmghuysen,
Harlan, Howe, McOreery, McDonald, Nor-
ton, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pomeroy, Sauls-
bury, Spragoe, Stewart. Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull,
Wiiley, uud V utes—-1.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting in the fifth line of the
first section after the word " after," the words
•" .ten ye,ars and payable after;" so as to read
" redeemable in coin at the pleasure of the
United States, after ten years, and payable after
twenty, thirty, and forty years respectively."
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to submit to the
Senate a few considerations that bear directly
on this proposition, and trust, on account of
the importance of the subject, that. Senators
will give them such weight as they merit.
The proposition to issue a bond redeemable
at the pleasure of the United States after ten
years was the original proposition made by me
in January last. It is one which I submitted,
and which, for the reasons stated already by
the Senator from Maine, met my judgment at
the time. But there was great difference of
opinion in regard to terms and conditions of
the various bonds proposed to be issued. That
difference existed in the Committee on Finance,
and after the fullest consideration! was willing
to waive my opinion and vote for a twenty-year
five percent, bond in connection with a propo-
sition to issue a thirty-year bond at four and
one half per cent., and a forty-year bond at
four per cent. I will state the reason which
induced me to change my position on this ques-
tion. In order to make this funding a success
one of two things must be done. One is for
you to declare that the bonds of the United
States now redeemable may be paid in the law-
ful money of the United State's, and if that is
done we can undoubtedly receive enough money
for a five per cent, ten-year bond to pay off the
principal of the five-twenty bonds. But the
Senate were indisposed to adopt any such view.
No doubt a large majority of the Senate is
against any such proposition. Therefore there
is no inducement for the holder of a five-twenty
bond bearing six per cent, interest in gold to
take a five per cent, bond unlcssyou give to him
a longer time for it to run. Let us reason on
this point precisely as we would if wc were the
holders of five-twenty six per cent, bonds.
The holder of such a bond will say "the United
States offers me a five per cent, twenty-year
bond; what reason is there why I should give
up a six per cent, for a five per cent, bond?
One answer is that by this new bond the time
within which it may be redeemed is extended.
The present bond is redeemable on the pay-
ment of its face in gold according to the claim
of a majority of the Senate. Why, then, sur-
render my six per cent, bond and take a five
per cent. ? The answer is that an extension of
time is had, the redemption of the bond is post-
poned. The five-twenty bond becomes pay-
able in 1882, and this new bond is not redeem-
able until 1888. There is an extension of
time, which gives additional value always to a
bond.
Another argument in favor of these new
bonds, and which will induce many people to
fund in them, will be this : the old bonds are
taxable by the United States to a certain ex-
tent ; we now levy an income tax on them, and
the House of Representatives, by a decided
vote, directed a bill to be reported levying an
income tax of ten per cent, on all bonds issued
by the United States. Although this proposi-
tion never will meet the sanction of the Senate,
in my judgment, yet it tends to impair the
market value of the five twenty bonds, and
the holders of those bonds, in order to get a
bond which is definite on its face, clear in its
terms, which limits the power of the United
States to tax it to the same income tax that is
levied on all other incomes, will take this new
security, and it will have an additional value
on that account.
These two incidents of the new bond,
together with the clear stipulation that the
principal and interest shall be paid in gold, give
to the new bond a value which, in my judgment,
will induce the great body of the holders of the
five-twenties to convert them into the new
bond without any other stipulation or any
threat or any other measure.
If the amendment of the Senator from Maine
jreyails, and you reduce the running of these
'oriels £0 ten year3, the new bonds will fall
i due before,t4je old ones. The old bonds would
fall due'in 18&2,' and the new one would fall
; due it) J8/8' so'that the ,new bond would fall
due sooner than the old one. That is a con- ■
elusive argument against it.
When 1 found that Congress was not willing
to take my legal opinion as to the right of the
Government of the United States to pay the
five twenties in lawful money I as a matter of
course was compelled by these reasons to waive
my opinion and favor a longer bond in order
-to make an additional inducement for the fund-
ing of the debt. The Senator from Maine
seems to think that the United States may very
soon negotiate a bond at less than five per cen t.
I do not believe that time will arrive m this
country fo.r thirty or forty years. My own
impression is that the rate of interest cannot
be kept below that in this country. Although
we are growing rapidly w'e are yet a vast new
country, with undeveloped enterprises demand-
ing capital, and a great deal of it. I do not
believe that in this country the rate of interest
'frill fall below five per cent, for a generation
or two generations of men, b'eeaasie the de-
mand for capital is so great and the accumula-
tion is so little. I think five per cent, will be
the lowest rate of interest that can be had for
many years to come; and if we desire to make
this funding scheme a success it is idle for us
to issue a bond running for a shorter time than
twenty years, and bearing a less rate of inter-
est than five per cent.
My friend from New Jersey said that he
desired to make the best terms possible for the
United States. The Committee on Finance,
with possibly a single exception, agreed that a
less rate than five per cent, and a shorter time
than twenty years would not do, and I will say,
as my friend from Maine knows also, that that
is the opinion of the Secretary of the Treasury.
It is true his opinion would not prevail against
our deliberate judgment; but we can only make
this negotiation through him. lie is limited
by this bill so that he cannot sell a single bond
unless he can redeem an equal amount of five-
twenties. He must, therefore, sell t'nem ac-
cording to the market rate, now 113 or 114.
A five per cent, ten-year bond cannot be sold
at that rate unless you give it additional value.
You limit him by the terms of this bill to sell-
ing the new bonds at a rate which will take up
an equal amount of five-twenties. He cannot
sell them at par in lawful money, he can only
sell them in such a way as to take up an equal
amount of five-twenties. He cannot do that,
because he cannot get anybody to give that
price for a five per cent, ten-year bond, and
surrender a six per cent bond which has fif-
teen years yet to run.
In regard to all these details, let me say to
Senators who have not examined this subject,
and probably will not give to it the considera-
tion we have done, that in my judgment, unless
they are clearly convinced by reasons given, it
is better to take the terms of the bill as reported
here by the committee after careful and mature
consideration rather than make changes, unless
the changes are defended and maintained by
reasons that approve themselves to their con-
sciences. If I thought it possible, I should be
very glad to negotiate a shorter bond, but in
my judgment you cannot negotiate on the basis
of this bill in exchange for an equal amount
of five-twenties a bond more favorable to the
Government than a twenty-year five per cent,
bond.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On looking further at
this provision I find it is new; it does not im-
pose upon the Government the obligation of
pajing the principal of these bonds, at any time.
It takes what I believe is the English system,
the idea of a permanent debt. It says '• re-
deemable after twenty, thirty, and forty years
respectively." Redeemable when? At no
specific time; but it simply says: "If you take
this bond we will not redeem it before twenty
years, or thirty years, or forty years shall have
expired, as the case may be, and after that wo
will redeem it when we can." The bonds
which were first issued during the war were
redeemable after five years, and payable in
twenty years, as I recollect; that is, we became
absolutely bound to pay them at the end of
