556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
Senator from Nevada. I understand the motion
of the Senator from Indiana is merely to pass
over the regular order informally until this
speech shall have been concluded. 1 hope
that the usual courtesy may be extended for
that purpose to the Senator from Nevada. He
will doubtless not consume more time than is
necessary. The subject is one of considerable
importance to those of us who live in the West,
and I desire personally very much to hear the
views of the Senator. I would not willingly
disoblige the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will say that the motion of the Senator from
Indiana is to postpone the regular order for the
purpose of taking up the bill indicated by the
Senator from Nevada, without anything being
said as to its being taken up for a particular
purpose.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope the Senator from
Indiana will modify his motion so as to pass
over informally the regular order until the
Senator from Nevada can conclude his speech.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 accept that proposi-
tion, certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. It seems to me the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations is
entirely right in pressing, as he does, this bill;
and yet 1 hope that he and the Senate, under
what I think are rather the peculiar circum-
stances of this case, will not object to the Sen-
ator from Nevada proceeding with his remarks.
He had the floor a quarter of an hour before
the morning hour expired. He was proceed-
ing in order and the (Jhair so ruled. He had
Submitted no remarks which were not entirely
germane to the motion that he made. Not-
withstanding that, Senators by points of order
exhausted the morning hour, and now half an
hour, lacking a minute or two, has elapsed
since this question first arose. The Senator
from Nevada wishes, as I understand, to occu-
py the floor not exceeding three quarters of an
hour; and although I admit the importance of !
proceeding with this bill, yet under all the cir-
cumstances, and as the easiest and most speedy
solution of thte question, 1 submit to the hon-
orable chairman of the committee that we had
better allow the Senator to proceed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Indiana modifies his motion and now
moves that the Senate informally pass over the
order of the day for the purpose of taking up
the bill mentioned by the Senator from Ne-
vada.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(S. No. 156) to establish a national school of
mines is before the Senate on the motion of
the Senator from Nevada to discharge the
Committee on Mines and Mining from its
further consideration.
The bill was read, as follows:
A bill to establish a national school of mines.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Mouse of Represent-
atives of the United Suites of America in Congress as-
sembled, That the tax levied and collected upon gold
and silver bullion be set apart so long as the same
(hall be collected by the Government as a special
fund for the endowment and support of a school of
mines, to be locatpd on the line of the Pacific rail-
road, west of the Rocky mountains, as near as prac-
ticable to the center of the mining States and Terri-
tories.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That each State
and Territory located in whole or in part west of the
eastern base of the Rocky mountains may appoint
one member of a board of directors, a majority of
wham sha;l constitute a quorum; and in case of
failure on the part of any State or Territory so to
appoint, the President shall appoint such member,
by and with the advice and consent of the .Senate;
but no part of the fund herein provided for shall be
expended in salaries, traveling, or other personal
expenses of the said board of directors.
sec. 3. And be it further enicted, That the said
board of directors shall have power to make rules
and regulations for the organization and govern-
ment of the school; shall appoint its professors,
teachers, and officers, and excrcise supervision and
control over the lund herein appropriated.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That no professor,
teacher, or other officer of this institution shall be
removed except upon charges and specifications
duly investigated by the board of directors, and the
decision of the Secretary of the Treasury, to whom
the facts and the eridenoe shall be reported, shall
be conclusive.
Sec. 5. Arid be it further enacted. That tuition in
this institution shall be free to any citizen of the
United States who may present proper evidences of
qualification, to be determined by the faculty; and
it shall also be free to students from other countries,
duly recommended by the authoiities of the schools
in which they shall have become qualified; but all
expenses for books and stationery, and all personal
expenses for lodging, subsistence, and traveling,
shall be borne by the students themselves.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. The primary ob-
ject of the school being an increase of the bullion
product of the country, Dy the practical application
of science to mining, and the diffusion of correct
knowledge among miners as to the best methods of
treating the ores, no eharge shall bo made for assays,
tests, metallurgical or other experiments, except to
corer the actual cost of material used.
Skc. 7. And be it further enacted. That the Secretary
of the Treasury, on and after the 1st day of July,
1868, shall set apart the fund hereby appropriated
for the purpose named in this act; and he shall, after
receiving a report Irom the board of directors, locate
the sohool and furnish plans and specifications for
all necessary buildings and improvements, which
shall be plain and substantial and upon the most
economical plan consistent with the purposes of the
institution.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That in order that
the board of directors may be placed in possession
of the most approved systems of education, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall cause an examination to
be made of the principal mining schools of Europe,
and a report to be prepared upon the same, the
expense of such service to be paid out of the unex-
pended balance of the appropriation heretofore made
for the collection of mining statistics.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the duties
now performed by the special commissioner ap-
pointed by the Secretary of the Treasury to collect
mining statistics in the States and Territories west
of the Rocky mountains, shall, upon the organiza-
tion and completion of the school of mines created
by this act, be performed under a permanent system
by the faculty of said institution, and their report
shall be transmitted annually to the Secretary ofthe
Treasury, to be by him laid before Congress.
Ssc. 10. And be it further enacted, That the profes-
sors and teachers, under the direction of the presi-
dent of the institution, shall make annual visits to
the principal mining districts, accompanied by their
respective classes, for the purpose ot examining the
mines, mills, and modes of working and instructing
the pupils in the practical operations of mining and
metallurgy; andthesaid professors and teachersshall
also, as far as their time will permit, give free lec-
tures to the miners on geology, mineralogy, metal-
lurgy, and mining engineering, and kindred subjects.
Ssc. 11. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall require from the disburs-
ing officeror officers appointed by the board of direct-
ors such bonds and vouchers as he may deem neces-
sary for th« security and proper disbursement of the
fund.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted. That from and
after the expiration of the fiscal year commencing
July 1,1868, not exceeding one half of the fund aris-
ing from the tax levied upon gold and silver bullion
shall be expended by or on behalf of the institution,
the remaining half to be set apart by the Secretary
of the Treasury and invested in Government securi-
ties,. which shall remain, both principal and interest,
a permanent fund for the support and maintenance
of the institution; and no part of the reserved half,
either principal or interest, shall bfe drawn so long
as the Government shall continue to impose a tax
upon gold and silver bullion, butafter such tax shall
have ceased the interest on the reserved fund shall
be used for the purposes hereinbefore mentioned.
Mr. STEWART. This bill suggests several
important considerations. Congress must be
satisfied that the proposed institution is of
national importance, special in its character,
and one in which every State in the Union has
an interest. And it should further appear that
the results proposed will not b% realized by
private enterprise. In determining the pro-
priety of legislation npon this (fnestion it will
be necessary to take into consideration the
magnitude of our mining interests, the neces-
sity to the Government of an increased supply
of the precious metals, the means of increasing
that supply, the effect upon the currency, and
the natiopal debt.
It majf be stated generally that the explora-
tions of the last eighteen years have demon-
strated that veins of ore containing the precious
metals are found over all that vast extent of
territory from the eastern slope of the Rocky
mountains to the western decline of the Sierra
Nevadas and from British Columbia on the
north to Mexico on the south ; that these veins
exist in great numbers and are of extraordinary
richness, surpassing both in value and extent
the mineral fields of any other nation on the
globe. Placer mining commenced in California
about twenty years ago, and has been prose-
cuted in that State and in several of the Terri-
tories with remarkable success, adding largely
to the supply of the precious metals throughout
the commercial world ; but placer mining for
the last ten year.} has been gradually on the
decline, until it has ceased to be a reliable
source of supply.
Vein mining was of little comparative import-
ance previous to the discovery and development
of the Comstock lode in Nevada. At that time
no discoveries of veins had been made east of
the Sierra Nevada mountains, and but few In
California were being worked. Our people
were unacquainted with the business, and the
veins of California had failed to attract much
1 attention from miners abroad.
Two millions per annum would be an over-
estimate of the entire yield from this source in
the year 18(50, when the Comstock lode first
| attracted attention. The enormous wealth
which this vein exhibited attracted men of
learning and skill from all parts of the world.
Many millions were expended in experiments;
many millions wasted in those experiments ;
and notwithstanding the cost and the waste
this great vein has contributed annually to the
supply of the precious metals from that time
till now from twelve to sixteen million dollars.
But the most marked and beneficial results
from this discovery are the impetus it has given
to vein-mining elsewhere and the knowledge
; which has been imparted by the rare combina-
i tion of talent, skill, and mining erudition
1 brought in requisition by the development of
| this lode. Large numbers who were unsuc-
cessful here returned to California with their
new stock of information and proceeded to
| develop the gold-bearing veins of that State,
the production of which has been increased
mainly from this cause from $2,000,000 to over
eleven million dollars per annum.
Others explored eastern Nevada, Idaho,
< Montana, and Arizona in search of more
Comstock lodes, and their labors prove most
| conclusively that our mining resources have
no practical limitation in extent or intrinsic
value, but that the only limitation upon the
supply is fixed by our capacity to work the
ores with profit. When that shall have been
demonstrated there will be no lack of men
, and money. Duriag the last year many of the
experiments in the interior have been disas-
trous. A want of confidence is felt by those
unacquainted with the reasons for these fail-
ures. It is certain that the ore is rich; fire
assays show that fact. It is certain the veins
are large and continuous; every new develop-
ment tends to prove it. It is certain that hun-
dreds of large and expensive mills have been
erected and that many eastern men have large
investments in that country, and pay large as-
sessments but receive no dividends. Why is all
this? Undoubtedly there have been swindles,
mistakes, and blunders.
But the principal reason is want of knowl-
edge. The ore differs from the Comstock, con-
tains more arsenic or antimony, or some other
rebellious substance ; and the ore of each dis-
trict differs from that of every other. The
process used on the Comstock fails at Reese
river or Humboldt. The metal is not saved ;
the ore is wasted, and disaster follows. If each
one of these mines was a Comstock, to induce
the same enterprise, to support the same ex-
travagance in experiments and general man-
agement, they would undoubtedly be worked
with great profit and great waste; but such is
not the fact. Few such mines exist where so
large a mass of rich ore is found so near the
surface, and consequently in mining, as in all
other business, it is necessary to proceed intel-
ligently and economically. Even the Com-
stock lode could not now be worked since
depth has been obtained but for the early ex-
periments and special knowledge acquired in
robbing it of its richest ores.
The following table will indicate the advan-
tage that scientific knowledge would be in the
working of this mine, but the lack of knowl-
edge here bears no comparison to the utter
ignorance which prevails in regard to the mines
