2964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
l>er, they adopt this resolution on the subiect
of suffrage:
w«?i^ of Congress of eaual suffrage to all
ioyal men at the foouth was demanded by every con-
sideration of puolic safely, of gratitude, and of jus-
-mU1? !\e ^amtained, while the question of
the people (ft^ thosVstaat0s "ateS Pr°P6rly bel0ues t0
In all the loyal States the question of suf-
frage properly belongs to the people of those
otutes, but in the southern States justice and
gratitude demand that it shall be conferred on
the negro. Now, I wish to ask the honorable
senator, and those with whom he politically
associates, how do you circumscribe justice by
geographical lines, how do you circumscribe
gratitude by geographical lines? Is it just that
negroes should vote in the South ? If so, what
is the basis of that justice? It must be upon
the ground that they have the abstract, the
inherent, or the political right of some sort to
vote, and that the withholding of that right of
voting is an act of injustice. It has not hith-
erto been conferred upon them by law, and
therefore it cannot be an act of legal injustice.
It must, then, be abstractly unjust, and that
Innate principle of justice which is implanted in
the human soul and that should prompt human
action demands that the negro alike with the
white man should^ have this privilege of suf-
frage ; and hence it is that the honorable Sen-
ator takes a negro on his left and a white man
on his right and compares them, and he asks
why it is that the negro should be deprived of
the right of voting while the white man has it.
It as because this right of suffrage is a political
right. It inherently belongs to no man ; it is
not a natural right; it is a right conferred by
society, and society has a perfect right to confer i
it or withhold it, as, according to the judgment
of society, the judgment of those wlio govern ;
in civil society, may be deemed expedient and :
proper and for the public good.
But gratitude demands, says this platform,
that the right of suffrage shall be conferred
upon the negro; and we have listened to the
very eloquent language of the honorable Sen-
ator as to the sources of this gratitude, the
reasons which impose it upon us, wh}w it is
that it should so overburden the souls and tlie
hearts of the Aincrican people that they should
grant the right of suffrage to the negroes. He
tells you, sir, that they went forth following
your standard in the late rebellion, as he terms
it; that they fought your battles ; and none but
the God of heaven knows if it had not been
for the patriotic exertions of the negro race
what would have been the result of that con-
flict. Humiliating confession! Twenty mil-
lion people against eight, million unable to win
the battles of the late war until the prowess
and the valor and the wisdom and the indom-
itable courage of this African race were in-
voked! When they stepped in there was no
doubt then! M'hen their superior genius,
intellect, and valor were invoked they came
shouting "the battle cry of freedom," and
they " rallied around your flag,'' and the sable
sons of Ham preserved the glorious stars and
stripes from being tarnished by treason and
•ailing into the hands of traitors! God in his
providence sent to this great American people
of twenty million free whites in the non-seced-
ing fatates black saviours! When all was doubt
ana uncertainty, when your hearts were faint
within you, when your souls began to grow 1
sick, when confidence had fled from your I
minus in the white man, in the valor of the i
white man, a,nd in the courage of the while j
man, angels m black came to your assistance I
and uelivered you; and gratitude to this op- !
pressed race now demands of you and jour ■
party to confer upon them this inestimable j
light of suffrage I I
Murk you. it is a "debt of gratitude." Had
it not been, I suppose, that they acted so nobly
and _ patriotically in your late conflict, you
would have been under no such obligation ;
there would have been no such abstract prin-
ciple of justice thpu demanding it. Now, ljjt
us test the sincerity of this proposition tliat
gratitude demands that it should be conferred
upon them. If gratitSde demands that the
right of suffrage should be conferred upon the
negroes of the South, it equally demands that
it should be conferred upon the negroes of the
northern States. I ask you where were the
negroes of the South when the negroes of the
North were enlisting under your banner and
were being conscripted into your Army? They
were in the South faithfully serving their mas-
ters ; they were there, not attempting to aid
you, not attempting to bear your standard
aloft in victory. They were quietly at home
attending to their field avocations when the
negroes in your loyal States, as you call them,
were marshaling to your assistance; and al-
though I have not the figures before me, I will
venture to say that more negroes went into
your Ariny fiom the States that did not secede
than from the States that did; and they went
into the conflict pretty early, while the com-
paratively few negroes of the South who went
into it went in near the close of tlie conflict.
Now, if gratitude demands of you that you
should confer oil the negroes of the South the
right of suffrage, pray do you not think the
patriotic negroes of the North have the same
right ? Where is your gratitude to them ? Why
not confer it upon them? Only six months
ago, before you were admonished by the elec-
tions, you wereinfavorof it, you advocated it,
you had your bills in this body and your bills in
the other House to confer by legislative enact-
ment the right of suffrage upon the negroes iu
ail the States; but lo and behold! when those
elections were held, when you heard the sweet
music of the voice of the people of your own
section admonishing yon that there was a lion
in the path, beware, you suddenly stopped,
these bills were put aside, and we have heard
nothing of them since. You do not bring
them up now, and hold them up and ask us to
vote on them. Why is this? Has your sense
of justice become deadened? Are you any less
just now than you were before the elections?
Are you.less grateful now than ytm were before
the elections? No, Mr. President, let my hon-
orable friend from West Virginia confess that
the true reason is this: "it is not policy; we
cannot win in the great political contest that is
coming off by conferring by act of Congress i
the right of suffrage on the negroes in the i
northern States." Although it is true, he may !
say, that they have laid you under an everlast- I
ing debt of gratitude to them for the services ;
rendered you in the war, although it is true that I
they acted as patriotically as did the negroes j
ot the,ioutli, yet it is not a measure to win within
the non*seceding States, who have admon- '
ijhed yon in advance that if you attempt it a :
W aterloo defeat is yours; but the southern peo- ,
pie having no representatives here, having no
voice, and having no power in themselves lo
be/represented here, you claiming absolute !
•cAtroi over them, (confessing as this bill ,
impliedly confesses on its face that they are
States of the Union, but having them in your
power,) you undertake to impose this condition ,
upon them, and you plead justice and gratitude J
j to the negroes as the reason why you should f
! do it. j
It is true you also say in your platform that i
the "public safety" demands it. Where is 1|
there any evidence ot that? Where do we
see that the public safety demands that the ij
right of suffiage shall be conferred upon the ,j
, negro race? Is the South under. I may say,
11 for it is pretty much under, the control of the 'j
11 negro race, (although white men do take their
j; carpet-bags and go down there and somehow l;
I' or other cheat the poor, deluded uegioes out of 1
; the offices,) so much belter governed now than |
|| i>. was bel'oie the war? Look at the eonren-
| turns theie. Go over to Virginia, where once :
j your Marshalls. your Madisons, and the great ,1
I men of Virginia sat in convention framing a !
[ fundamental law for the people of that State, :
1 and lookiu upon the convention now assembled
there, and then tell the American pet.pie that
there is more wisdom, more learning, more •
true knowledge of the science of government j
iu that convention than there was in the con- i!
ventions of the fathers who framed the consti-
tution of that State. Go to Mississippi and
Louisiana, North Carolina and South Carolina,
and hold up those conventions as models ofimi-
tation to the people of the non-seceding States!
_Mr. President, if the negroes make such
wise legislators, if not only their valor was so
great in the field that they won for you a con-
tinuance of republican government in this
country, and have perpetuated the American
Union, but if they be so wise in council that
their handiwork is to be held up to the admi-
ration of the people of this country everywhere,
pray why not throw open your own conven-
tions? Why not confer upon them the right
of suffrage in your own States, open your halls
of legislation to them, and avail yourselves of
all the benefit of the light which comes from
their superior intellects? This is a day of
progress. We should seek light from every
quarter we can get it, and if you should find it
in the North, as you found it down South,
shut up in a black skin, the same reason that
prompted you to open the casket there should
cause you to open it in your own States.
But Mr. President, I have said enough. It
was only to notice the inconsistency of action
of my friend from West Virginia, and those
who act with him politically, that I rose to
speak. While he here ignores the question of
negro suffrage in his own State, and in all the
States except the ten seceding States, he stands
up boldly and manfully, and claims the right
of suffrage for the negro race there, as based
upon gratitude, upon justice, and upon every
principle of right; and he asks, whence the
hostility to the negro race? Why, sir, who has
any hostility to the negro race?" I know of no
one. It has been my lot in life to have been
cast in a community where the negro race was
very numerous. In my own State, to be sure,
the slaves were not very numerous; but before
the war we had a larger free negro population
relatively toJJie white population than any
State in the Union. I have known them from
childhood, played with them in childhood : I
grew up among them. I have seen none of
tins prejudice against the negro race of which
we hear. I do not know one who does not
wish kindly to the negro race. I know of no
one who would not help the negro on the way
to prosperity and happiness in life. Hostility
to the negro race is not the matter here ; the
question is a question as to the true policy of
the Government, whether a voice in the gov-
erning^ power of the State shall be conferred
upon this race : whether sitting here governed
by no mere wild feelings of enthusiastic philan-
throphy or supposed abstract justice, but as
statesmen legislating for the good of the people,
we can say that the Government will be better,
whether the prosperity and happiness of the
people willbe promoted more by conferring
the right ot suffrage upon the negro race than
by withholding it. That is the question. Xo
man, white or black, where society determines
that for its own good it will not be expedient,
proper, wise, for the public good, to confer the
suffrage upon him, has a right to say that he is
entitled to it. As a member of civil society he
has no governmental right except what" the
Civil society confers. \\ hen a government
becomes oppressive, and that oppression be-
comes so great that the evil of revolutionizing
anu throwing it oil is less than that of bearing
it, then it is an inherent right of all people to
revolutionize.
_ This right of suffrage, this right to a voice
in the governing power of a State is a political
rigut conferred by soeietv, and conferred !>v
society for the good of society, and not for the
particular advantage of the particular individ-
uals; and hence, in approaching a question
of this kind, you are met at the'threshold by
the inquiry, would the public good be pro-
nioteei, would the state of be belter by
con-en,',g this class of society than by
vmhhoidiijg it? 3 am sptaking now of a ca^e
wuere you have the undoubted right to confer
^2 erc *ou have such right, and yuu are
satisfied that government would be
