1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
twenty years. It is aquestion to be considered
whether in our country, where money is chang-
ing hands so rapidly, a bond which imposes no
obligation to pay at any specific time would be
favorably received. I propose to modify my
amendment by substituting for the last word,
'"after," the word "in;" so as to read "re-
deemable after tenyears, and payablein twenty,
thirty, and forty years respectively."
Mr. SHERMAN. I have all the loan laws
before me, and I will state to the Senator from
Maine that, with two or three exceptions, their
provisions have been in this form, redeemable
after a certain time.
Mr. FE3SENDEN. And payable when ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Payable at the pleasure
of the United States after a certain time. Even
in regard to the bonds redeemed in July last
we were not bound to pay them unless we
chose. I have here the act of 1790, the original
funding act of Hamilton which made the same
provision.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My idea is that we
should follow out the system which was inaugu-
rated at the beginning of the rebellion. It
might have done in old times when our debt
was very small and we were borrowing small
sums to leave the time of payment indefinite;
but my judgment is that if you want bonds to
be taken you should fix a definite period when
they become payable, and that itwill not do to
issue a bond which is simply redeemable at the
pleasure of the Government, because that is
the amount of this bill as it stands. I think the
people prefer to take a bond which has some
definite period of payment fixed. I still adhere
to what the Senator has said to be my original
opinion. He says truly that this bill confers
additional advantages upon the takers of these
bonds. One which is a very important one is
that it settles the doubt as to the medium in
which they are payable, whether in coin or in
currency. If the holders exchange the present
bonds for those issued under this act they get
rid of that difficulty. Then there is a limitation
upon the power of taxation by the General
Government which does not apply to the other
bonds. Thus making these two things definite
and taking the bonds out of the domain of legis-
lation or of temporary excitement or temporary
purposes, you give to them a character of sta-
bility which at present our public obligations
very much need. I think with these changes
it becomes an object with the holders of the
bonds to exchange them, and that they would
probably—because it is all mere probability—
take the bonds which they hold now, redeem-
able but not exactly payable, floating in the
market, subject to all the contingencies, and
exchange them for ten-year bonds on these
terms.
But, sir, I recur to my original proposition.
I believe it would be better for the United
States to let their bonds already funded and
not yet payable for many years stand as they
are at present. I believe the five-twenty bonds,
although redeemable, do not become payable
for thirteen or fourteen years \o come, so that
we have an ample margin. Our obligations
are not pressing upon us. It would be better,
in my judgment, to let them remain as they
are funded for the present, rather than make
an effort at this time, when the credit of the
United States, owing to certain circumstances,
accidents, and considerations to which I need
not advert, does not stand as it ought to stand,
and defer that effort to refund them until a few
years longer. I would prefer to pay the addi-
tional percent, for a few years rather than put
ourselves in a position where we could not lay
our hands on any of these bonds, whatever
might be our condition and circumstances, and
whatever might be the state of the money,
market, and however high our credit might be,
until the expiration,of such a long period of
time.
That is the answer I make. I do not agree
with the honorable Senator that the change
would necessarily affect their negotiability,
because in the constantly fluctuating state of
things in this country, particularly with regard
to the demands for money, people would just
as willingly, in my judgment, have a bond
liable to be redeemed in ten years as in twenty
provided that the bond itself had what they
considered ample security for its redemption
in the credit of the obligor, but whether they
would or not I think we had better let things
stand as they are for any purpose whatever
except for the mere temporary purpose of
making an impression on the public mind,
which in ray judgment amounts to just nothing
at all. Nothing will be affected by it at the
present period by changing our bonds from one
condition to another. The effect will be to
put off the period when we shall have power
to take them into our own hands by payment.
I am strongly impressed with the belief that I
am right about this matter ; but whether I am
or not will be for the Senate to judge.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have looked over the
loan laws, and I find that all the loans of the
United States up to 1802 were in the form
contained in this bill as to redeemability. The
loan of 1881 now running is not payable in
1881, but payable at the pleasure of the United
States after 1881.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am aware of that.
Up to that period the bonds were always so
issued, making no difference between redeem-
ability and payability ; they were all redeem-
able and payable at the same moment, and it
would amount to the same thing. But when
we found that we were to be so largely in debt,
having a war upon us the end of which we
could not foresee, the system was adopted of
fixing a short time within which the bonds
might be redeemable if the Government was
able to redeem them and another time when
the Government would be obliged to pay. That
is the system which we then adopted, and
which we have carried through. In my judg-
ment it was one of the wise ideas of the then
Secretary of the Treasury who had recourse to
it, and 1 have always believed that we ought
not to depart from it, and that we should not
issue long bonds which were entirely out of
our power for the whole time they have to run.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator will per-
mit me in that connection I will say that is the
actual form in which the form was actually
issued. The bond reads "redeemable at the
pleasure of the United States after the 30th
of April, 1867, and payable the 1st day of
May, 1882." That is the express form of the
contract.
Mr. SHERMAN. The United States never
stipulated to pay money at a specific day until
it was done under the severe pressure of the
war, and we never ought to do it again. Sup-
pose a great amount of bonds, $500,000,000
or $1,000,000,000, should fall due when the
five-twenties would be due, the 1st of May,
1882, the United States are compelled on that
day to pay this vast sum of money, because
they have no power as before to pay it at their
pleasure after a specific day, but they must pay
on that day. That is a very severe and oner-
ous burden on the Government of the United
States, and the stipulation that was put in the
five-twenty bonds was an advantage to the
creditor which at that time the United States
was compelled to insert, that they would pay
the money at a certain time whether it was
able to payornot. Now, however, the? United
States is at peace, and I think we ought to go
back to the old system, make our bonds, like
the bonds of other Governments, payable at
the pleasure of the Government after a speci-
fied time. The specified time is for the ben-
efit of the holder of the bond, within which his
investment may not be interfered with. The
time after that is for the benefit of the Govern-
ment, which may not find it convenient to pay
at thestipulated time. Therefore the language
used in this section is introduced following the
uniform language of ail loan laws with the
exception of those in regard to the five-twen-
ties and ten-forties.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the very ques-
tion I atn trying to test in the Senate. If we
go back to the old system we necessarily take
from the Government the power, whatever
may be the state of things, to take these bonds
out of the market and stop the interest on
them. I ku-ow that was the old system, but I
wish to adhere to the system we adopted since
the war b^an.
But, Mr. President, what I wish to impress
on the Senate is the importance to this coun-
try, in my judgment the great importance, of
retaining control over its bonds in regard to
the time of paying them. We have it now.
The five-twenties are becoming redeemable.
It is in our power to pay them; but, as I
remarked before, we are not compelled to pay
them. I wish to retain that principle. The
moment you depart from it, whatever may be
the state of our credit, however flush we may
be in funds, we cannot take up our obligations,
because the very fact that they are not payable
until after a certain time in the future swells
the value of your paper, and you cannot take
it up unless you go into the market and buy it
at the mercy of the holders; whereas if you
fix a short time and adhere to the system of
controllability which has been adoped, the re-
sult is that in a short period the Government
can take up its bonds, and, of course, a large
premium will exist upon them. Then when
the time arrives, if we have the money we pay
it; but wo know that if our credit is good it
will be very easy to substitute a similar bond.
There is no question about that. The interest
is what the creditor looks to, and the right to
pay off within a reasonable time is what the
debtor wants. I do not know that it is worth
while for me to say anything more about it.
It is for the Senate to say. I do not like to
abandon the system which we have adopted.
Mr. MORGAN. The amendment proposed
by the Senator from Maine is more advantage-
ous to the Government than the bill. That
was the case with the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Missouri, and that is the real trouble
about them. T'hcy are too advantageous to
the Government, for neither of them can be
availed of. I should gladly have voted for the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri,' be-
cause 1 would much prefer that the Govern-
ment should pay four and a half, four, and
three and a half per cent, per annum, than to
pay five, four and a half, and four. So by this
amendment there is a great advantage reserved
to the Government in having control of all its
debt in ten years, so that it can at the end of
ten years pay it; but it is impossible to make
the loans if that advantage is retained, in my
judgment.
1 suppose, sir, that if there is anything well
settled among financial men and in the country
generally, it is that we are not disposed to pay
off a public debt of $2,000,000,000 rapidly.
The Secretary of the Treasury commenced it
rapidly, but Congress has stopped him, and the
general judgment of the country is that the
payment of the debt should be spread over a
long period and should be very slow until the
country, especially the South, has more ability
to pay than it now has. If that is the case,
what are you to do 1
Gentlemen object to this rate of interest;
but you now pay six per cent, in gold; and if
I am correct in saying that there will be no
great attempt to pay the debt, then it will at
that rate take fourteen years, and we shall have
to pay six per cent, for fourteen years and pay
it in gold. I prefer to make the time twenty
years and the interest five per cent.
Certainly, Mr. President, there are a great
many very intelligent men ail over the country
who believe that if Congress will give the
option this debt can be exchanged for a lower
rate of interest. Will Congress hesitate to
give the option? We do not propose to com-
pel anybody to make the exchange. We do
not propose to say to the holders of our bonds
that if they do not take these new bonds they
shall be paid in greenbacks. We do not pro-
pose to repudiate. We propose to pay our
debts honestly, in the spirit in which they were
contracted.
It seems to mo to be proper that Congress
