I86&?
ffiB> ©ONQflBSmOKM/ GHLOHE1
m
of the interior, where noexperimenta have
been made, and where no experienced men of
science have contributed their connseL
Comparative statement of tons in reduction /™m "**"5
vatw, per cent, and proportion of the bullion taved
from 15,639 tone of ore by tlie Male and Norcrote
Company in 1866-67.
Mill. (Quantity
reduced.
Assay value.
Total Gold
and Silver.
1 Tone.
14 1 15.639
Gold.
#465,19014
Silver.
(822,94265
$1,288,132'
Amount produoed, coId....—_—..... —
Amount produced, silver  419,819 63
$816,977 62
Amount lost, gold.—.—  .............. ...168,474 45
Amount lost, silver  403,123 02
>471.597 ft
Average per ccntoge extracted —J65
The foregoing may be regarded as a faif
average of the results of the present workings
of ores on the Comstock, which is a great im-
provement upon the early operations.
Withoot pursuing details further, it will be
admitted that the reason why the prodnct of
the precions metals has not.increased in the
last two years ia not from the want of mines;
for they are admitted to be abundant and ribh;
not altogether the Want of' facilities for trans-
portation, for the ascertained value of .the ore
of many mines should leave a margin aflbove
expenses 7 not altogether froirt Want of capital;
for capitalists have invested liberally, ?r not
judiciously; but principally for want' of knowl-
edge and want of capacityJtO treat the ores.
If experience in the development of our owtl
mines had not demonstrated the necessity of
the application of art and science to mining, a
consideration of the fact that mining for the
precious rpetiTs involves a knowledge of art
and science to a much greater extent than anjr
other industrial pflrstiit must satisfy ns of,the
necessity of the study of those sciences em-'
ployed'in mining. * ! 1
At every stage of progress^ from the time the
miner starts on his voyage of exploration and
discovery to the stamping 6f the coin at the
Mint, art and science must be invoked.
It is importafrt for -the' man wh6 hnnts 'for
precious metals to knoWwhere there is a pos-
sibility that they will be found, and' equally
important to know where they certainly, will
not be found, if such knowledge is attainable.
Practical experience of individual miners
undoubtedly assists in directing the attention
of the prospector tor the proper fields for his
exploration ;.but it takes years to acquire this
experience. The. labor of thousands, Consti-
tuting a large majority of the miners of the
Pacific, has been utterly wasted in vain attempts
to find pines where geology teaches mines Can-
not exist. If these men could have had the
experience of mankind to have gnided them
in their investigations millions of dollars and
years of toil might have been saved and directed
to some useful purpose. According to TTre—
, "a5 acquaintance with the general results col-
lected and classified by geology must be our first guide
u the investigation of mines. Thisenables the ob-
server tojudge whether any particular distfiot should,
irom ths nature and arrangement of its rooks, be sus-
ceptible of including within its bosom beds of Work-
able ores. ■ It indicates also to- a certain degree what
substances may probably be met within a given series
of rocks, and what locality these srbstanoes will
preferably affect. For want Of a knowledge of thesfc
toots many persons have gone blindly into researches
equally absurd and ruinous."
While the great energy and indomitable per-
severance of the American miner have led to
the exploration of more mines than ard found
in any other country, the same traits , of char-
acter, admirable in themselves and invaluable
when properly directed, have resulted in aloes
of labor and money unparalleled in the history
of mining operations. It is not only necessary
that the explorer for mines should understand
the character of the earth's surface in the
enlarged sense comprehended in the science
geology, bat  more accurate and mirvnte
knowledge is requisite. He should know pre-
cious metals when he finds them. But to dis-
tinguish gold or silver ore from ordinary granite
involves some knowledge of mineralogy. If he
chance to discover a piece of ore containing
metallicgold or silver it requires but little expe-
! rience to determine that fact, but if the precious
1 metal is in the form of a chloride or sulphnret
( Or any other combination which has the appear-
ance to the uninitiated of common earth or
rock, the want of knowledge of mineralogy will
be appreciated, and especially when it is a well-
known fact that most of oar valuable mines
have been passed by for years and seen by hun-
dreds of persons ontil some accidental experi-
ment his demonstrated the fact that they were
mineral veins.
The Comstock lode furnishes astriking ill us*
tratiou. The original discoverers regarded sil-
ver sulphurets worth three or four thousand
dollars a ton as a valueless but troublesome
substanqe which interfered with tbe amalga-
mation of the free gold for Which they were
mining. And the value of this great lode
would probably be still' unknown but for the
accidental fact that a passer-by carried a piece
of the ore to an educated German, familiar
with the science of mining, who at once under-
stood its value. The original owners were
bought out for a song and the great Comstock
excitement, followed, creating the new State
of Nevada and causing the exploration of'
almost a continent.
. When ore has been found it becomes neoes-
twry tofdrm a rational estimate as id the chats
aster of the discovery. Whether it be a vein
of sufficient extent laterally and in depth and
containing ore of sufficient -value to warrant
the necessary expenditure of capital for its
development involves a most serious consider-
ation-of both geology and mineralogy. The
body of ore may be a mere local deposit, or it
may be a wedge-shaped surface formation gv
any of those formations of frequent occurrence
which must speedily be exhausted, or it may
be . a regular fisssre vein extending into the'
earth'without any practical limity aind of suffi-
cient length and thickness to warrant an abun-
dant supply at ores for years. These questions
tbe tainer must determine at his'peril, for ruin
or success may follow the- conclusion at which
he arrives. Will it be contended that he.
should not in so important a matter avail him*
self of tbe experience of mankind?-
After aivein has been discovered and when
the mirier has determined tbat the probabili-
ties of extent and richness justify its develop-'
ment, he must not only invoke geology in
determining the situation and hew rt will be
most readily reached, by shafts' or ttannela or
both, out he must call into-requisition mining
engineering in its most enlarged sense in erect-
ing ^machinery, planning, his modes of exea 
vationy and securing the mine from caving,
and in extracting the ore with the least possi-
ble expense. Drainage and ventilation, always
important and sometimes exceedingly difficult,
require some knowledge of hydraulics and
hydrostatics. In short, to work- a mine suc-
cessfully, an accurate knowledge of all the
sciences pertaining to that subject should be
combined with thorough practical experience^
When the ore is extracted, it must be crushed'
or ground to an. impalpable powder before any
process of separation or amalgamation now in
use-' can be made available. This requires'
heavy)and expensive machinery; but in this
the American citizen has succeeded beyond all
others; for the American is- emphatically a
mechanic. And the schools of the old world
may here learn new lessons i n machinery appli- ■
cable to the business of mining. Not only in
the machinery used for stamping or pulverizing'
the ore has the American mechanic contributed
to the art of mining, but in every process of
treatmeni where machinery is naed his skill
and inventive genius are conspicuously exhib-
ited. But there is another part of metallurgy
dependent upon chemistry and the kindred
sciences in which our miners need education.
If they fad the requisite scientific knowledge,
their , superior aptitude for mechanics would
readily make them expert and successful metal-
lurgists. For metallurgy, or the art of extract-
ing metals from their ores, involves the appli-
cation of machinery and science; and suc-
cessful results depend both upon perfection in
the former and a Knowledge of the latter judi-
ciously applied.
Our mines are the heritage of the whole
nation, bought and retained at the expense
of common blood and treasure. The nations
is interested in making them available for great
and beneficial purposes. A debt of gratitude
is dne to the pioneer who has discovered the
hidden wealth of that recently unknown region
of the Rocky and Sierra Nevada mountains;
It is but just that the mines should be free
to him. He must be rewarded for his risks
and sacrifices or others will aease to explore,'
and discoveries of the precious metals wilt
terminate. But it is vandalism to require men
to learn the art of mining, not only at the sac-
rifice of their own labor and time but at the
expense of millions, of dollars 'in . waste-of the
richest ores, while the experience of mankind
is of record and could be made available to all*
by means of a. common center of mining intel-
ligence and instruction.
No one will eontrovert as an abstract propo 
sition the correctness of the position which we
have assumed, for where the application of'
art and science is peeessary in a given pursuit
it. will not be denied that instruction in their
principles is important.' I am aware that soi«<
entifie knowledge has been depreciated and
even brought into digrepute. >It is frequently
asserted that science never finds mines, and
that uninstructed individual''experience must)
be oar only guide-, that all the rest is ehance,
and that men of science are unlhcky and>
visionary theorists. The reason for this may
be found in the fact that there are pretenders
in science as in everything- else. The confi-
dence of the people has been abased in many;
notorious instances by persona claiming to be
scientific miners who* had no practicallcnowl-:
edgewhatev-er, and little or no real knowledge
of science. The difficulty has been that these
pretenders knew less of tbe subject than the'
average of practical miners who had given
years of honest observation to the business.1
There is no conflict between the real man of
science and the practical miner. They work
in perfect'aeeord and sooner or later expose
the pretender and expel him frctm the field of'
hiaopenCtionSr The number of traly scientific
and practical !n>*n who hiMre been engaged in
tbe «zamktatfeiv^ead! Working of our mines is1
extremely'limited, So miieh sothat I can claim1
a personal acquaintance with nearly every one
of them, and speak from personal knowledge"
when I say- that, so far from any prejudice
existing against them on the partof the miners,'
they are held in great respeet and their services
universally sought. Even- foreigners, who'
would be liable te excite jrealonsy if at once
elevated to the highest position in any other1
vocation, are placed at once in charge of the
most important enterprises,' receiving enor-
mous salaries, with the. universal approbation
of the community.' An education at Freiberg
isagoarantee not only to position and influence,
but to the regaid and confidence of the hum-'
bleat miner. _
If experience in the United -States ahd the1
nature ofthebaeiness of mining foil to con-
vince the Seriate of the importance of a scien-
tific instruction; the beneficial results of Ae
mining schools tff Europe, and especially those1
of Germany, furnish conclusive reasons for
an earnest attempt, at least, to imitate their
example. These institutions have not only
collected and preserved the knowledge of the
ancients so far as ft was possible, but they
have constantly examined every step of prog-
ress made in mining for the last four hundred
"years, classified' ahd prepared this vast stock
of human experience in simple forms for the
use of mankind. Daring all this period the
most beneficial results have accrued to the
industries and Civilization of those countries,'
