1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2965
that the laws enacted would be wiser, that
those laws would be better administered, and
that the general state of society would be im-
proved, then you would undoubtedly be doing
right in conferring it, and it would be only a
question presented for your calm, cool, and
judicious consideration. Does any man believe
now that the State of Ohio would be better gov-
erned, that its laws would be wiser, that those
laws would be better administered by confer-
ring the right of suffrage upon the negroes in
that State than they are at the present time ?
If they would not be so improved what reason
have you to believe that government would be
better administered, the state of society im-
proved in any other State by allowing negroes
to vote ? The reason is tenfold stronger against
conferring this right in the southern States
than it is in the non-seceding States ; because
the relative numbers of their populations are
different in the two sections of the country.
Your fifty or seventy-five thousand negro voters,
if you have that many in Ohio, are but a drop
in the great ocean, so to compare it, with the
white voting population of Ohio. But go to
Soutli Carolina, go to Florida, go to Missis-
sippi, and some of those other southern States,
where there are so many white people disfran-
chised, and where the whole negro population
is enfranchised, (for although they may have
fought gallantly by the sides of their masters
in behalf of their confederacy, they are all
enfranchised,) is not the reason tenfold stronger
why they should not be permitted to participate
an the Government, especially considering the
fact which the honorable Senator does not
deny, that they are wholly disqualified ; that
they are without education ; that they have no
knowledge or experience in voting or in gov-
ernmental affairs?
Hence it will not do for the honorable Sen-
ator to dismiss with a sneer the remark that
some people have been apprehensive of negro
supremacy. No person ever thought, no sane
person could ever think, that there is any
danger of negro supremacy in this country,
when you take the whole country together,
because the white population of the country so
far outnumbers the negro population thai it
is impossible that there can ever be anything
like negro supremacy or even negro equality
throughout the whole country; but go into
particular locations and take the registered
vote of South Carolina, the voting population
under your beautiful reconstruction acts, and
are not the negroes in the majority? and being
in the majority can they not rule? and ruling,
will not their rule be supreme if they choose
to make it so ? Is there not, therefore, appre-
hension of negro supremacy unless the poor
creatures allow themselves to be cheated? I
am not in favor of negro governments anyhow ;
but if they are wise, when those patriotic loyal-
ists, as they term themselves, from the North,
who have scarcely known even the location of
a southern State, go down there as candidates
for the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States, and for the local offices,
the negroes would say, " If we are lit to vote,
we are fit to hold office; you did not come
down here among us to tell us of onr rights, to
cheer us on, and bid us hope when we were in
oppression ; but when office is to be got through
our votes you comedown hero with your carpet
bags to fill them with the crumbs, and with the
loaves and fishes of office/' If the negroes
were wise they would discard all such visitors,
and they would assert that if the}' are fit to vote
they are (it to hold offico, and they would send
these men back into the northern States faster
than they went down.
That is the danger, not of negro supremacy
throughout the whole country^ but of negro
supremacy in particular localities. And, sir,
is it possible that there can be a white man
who is willing to see one of his own race,
although that member of his race may have
met him upon the deadly field of strife in con-
teution'over a question where both sides sup-
posed they were right, subjected to the power
of the negro race? Sir, the eternal God that
made us has implanted in the heart, I trust, i
of every member of the race that noble senti- |
ment of honor, that noble sentiment of supe- |
riority which causes him instinctively to revolt ;
at such a proposition. No, sir; secure the
negroes as far as you have the powerin all their
civil rights, to life, liberty, and property; as
far as you can be kind to them ; no one wishes
you to he otherwise; but when you come to the
consideration of government for a free people
let your reason, not your passion; let your cool
sense of justice, not your blind prejudices, cause
you to do what every other people on earth have
done, stand firmly and stand nobly by your own
race, because you have the assurance of the
history of that race that it is adequate to all the
emergencies of government and society. All
that has improved human existence upon earth;
all that has ennobled man and rendered him
but little inferior to the gods; all that has made
the waste places of the earth glad and caused
them to bloom and blossom as the rose ; all that
in the development of mind has illustrated the
nobility of human nature ; all that in art has
promotedpublicgood and attracted admiration,
has been the work of the race to which we be-
long. Go to the race which you propose to ele-
vate to a participation 111 governmental affairs,
and point me, if you can, to anything they have
ever done or are capable of doing to elevate
mankind, to improve society, or even to better
their own individual existence.
My honorable friend from West Virginia asks
whose fault is this, and he says they did not
tear themselves away from their African homes;
they did noteven emancipate themselves ; they
are here ; and therefore, being here, and not
having torn themselves away, and not having
emancipated themselves, it would logically fol-
low from his argument that they ought, there-
fore, to sit in the chief seats of the political
synagogue because the honorable Senator can-
not escape it; human ingenuity cannot escape
it; if they are qualified to vote and thus to
enact laws, they must be qualiliedalso to admin-
ister those laws. If they can say according to
what rule the judge on the bench shall decide
a question of right between A and B, they
can sit upon that bench and say what is the
true interpretation of a statute defining the
rights and the duties of contestants in a cause.
This matter goes much further than the mere
question of voting. Once adopt that and all
the rest logically and necessarily follow in the
train; and I say here that it would be an act of
gross injustice to confer on a class of men the
x-ight of voting, and to hold out to them the
hope that they may have a voice in the Gov-
ernment under which they live, and then to
deny them the further right to actually partici-
pate in the execution of that Government in
its practical application to society.
Mr. President, I beg leave therefore to assure
my honorable friend that those of us who are
opposed to negro suffrage in the South, being
equally opposed to it in the States that did not
secede, are consistent at least. We have not
the inconsistency of my honorable friend or of
the party to which he belongs. Our gratitude
is not bounded by geographical lines or Slate
limits. Our sense of justice is not pent up in
any little area of territory, but where it exists
it flows out equally everywhere. In regard,
however, to this question of negro suffrage, we
do not feel a debt of gratitude or a sense of
justice, nor do we feel that the safety of the
Commonwealth depends upon conferriugil. AVe
have too high an appreciation d'onr own race
and of its-nobility to believe that it needs
assistance from such a quarter as that invoked j
by the honorable Senator. _ j
Sir, history is not without examples on this I
subject. Go to your South American repub- j
lies j go to Central America, whore you find ]
equality of civil rights among different races, j
and what is the consequence? One race ue- |
graded and debased, Equal, civil, and poiiti- j
cal rights lead one step further to social equal- [
ity. The learned and able Senator from West j
V irginia thinks this is a mere scarecrow, held j
up to frighten weak imaginations and to alarm I
the timid; but point me, if you can, to the
history of any people on earth where equal,
civil, and political rights have been enjoyed by
different races, wherein it did not' follow that
in the lapse of time-, social equality also was
enjoyed ; and point me, if you can, to the his-
tory of any people trying the experiment that
have not become debased, where governments
have not become unstable, where law li^ not
ceased to have a salutary and obligatory force,
where society has not become degenerated.
Mr. President, we are taught in that Book of
books which we learned to read at our mothers'
knee that there is a great God above us who
has made all things according to His will. In
the various forms of animal existence we find
differences; and human observation and ex-
perience teaeli us that creation is only one great
chain, link passing into link, everything made
after its order, everything after its own kind,
and that thus it was intended by the Almighty
Creator of all things.
Sir, you may attempt to thwart the designs
of Providence by your legislation; you may
undertake to overrule the decrees of Jehovah ;
but He who rideth upon the wind will see to it
that His decrees shall be executed; and who
art thou, 0 man, that thou shouldst say to
the potter, " why hast thou made me thus?"
The Eternal Creator of all things had the same
right in the races of human existence to estab-
lish superiority and inferiority of grade and
condition that he had on the lowest races of ani-
mal existence; and it is not in the mouth of the
creature to say to the Creator, "why hast thou
made me so?" His sovereign will made it so,
and in human existence he who acts well the
part assigned to him fulfills the whole measure
of his duty and his Creator requires of him no
more. Around the eternal throne itself there
are cherubim and seraphim, principalities and
powers, grades and conditions of inequality.
In the spangled heavens which nightly smile
upon you there is inequality, for the stars
which look down in beauty upon you differ in
glory and iu luster. Throughout all existence
God has marked inequality in diversity as His
great law, and it is not in human power to
thwart His designs, reverse His decrees, or
bring His purposes to naught.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts to the amendment of the Committee on
the Judiciary, to insert the word "Alabama.''
The question being taken by yeas and nays,'
resulted—yeas 22, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Conness, Cor-
bett, Furry, Fowler, Harlan, Morrill of jUaine, Mor-
ton, Nye, Pomcroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Stewart,
Sumner, Thayer. Tipton, Van Winkle, Wade, AV illcy,
Williams, and Wilson—22.
XAi'S—Messrs. liayard, Buekalew, Colo, Conkling,
Davis. Doolittlo. Edmunds, Fessenden, Frclinghuy-
sen, Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Johnson, McCreery,
Morgan, Morrill vi' Vermont., Patterson ol'Termessee,
Saulsbury, Trumbull, Viekers, and Yates—-21.
ABSliNT—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell.Cragm, Dixon,
Drake, Grimes, Henderson, Norton, Patterson oJt'Novr
Hampshire, Ross, and Sprague—11.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. IIOSS, (who had entered the Chamber
as the vote was about being announced.) Can
I not have theprivilegc of voting? Iaddressed
the Chair before the vote was announced.
Mr. POME ROY. The same question will
be up after we get into the Senate ; when we
come oat of committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The rule is
peremptory : a Senator who does not vote
until the decision is announced cannot record
his vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the Senator addressed
the Chair before the vote was announced.
Air. ROSS. My recollection is that I ad-
dressed the Chair before the result was an-
nounced. . . ,
Mr. HOWARD. If I am m order I wish
to offer an amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
an amendment pending offered by the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Moiiton.] It will be read.
