1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
441
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Taxation of Government Bonds—Mr. Butler.
Ho. of Reps.
taxation as far as practicable by human
means."
It will be observed that here is a precedent
for laying a ten per cent, income tax; so the
House has English precedent so far.
Each person was required to give in the
gross amount of his whole income according
to a schedule of descriptions very like that of
our income tax.
But while this taxation was very inquisitorial,
it was also very unproductive, so much so that
it continued but three years ; and the present
system in England of charging the income tax
on all properties and incomes however derived,
or their source, was introduced.
This was done by the act of 1803, which
levied five per cent, on incomes at their
sources, and was efficacious in bringing; almost
as much to the revenue as was obtained by a
levy of ten per cent, on gross incomes.
In 1806 the rate was again fixed at ten per
cent. Another precedent for taxing our bonds
ten per cent. Prior to this time exemption had
been granted for incomes on realized properties
under sixty pounds.
_ It was found necessary to repeal this exemp-
tion and substitute a graduated scale, as it was
productive of the greatest frauds upon the
public.
The act of 1806 was repealed in 1816, but
was substantially reenacted by Sir Robert Peel
in 1842. In the meanwhile there was no in-
come tax.
The duty imposed in 1842 was seven pence
in the pound upon incomes, exempting those
of certain classes under £150 a year. Peel's
act relieved the farmers, however, by imposing
the tax on rent of land in England at three
and a half pence per pound.
This act remained substantially in force until
1853. On the declaration of war with Russia
in 1854, the income tax was doubled; and a
further increase was imposed of two pence in
the pound on incomes of £150 and upward ;
and one and a halfpence on incomes of £100;
and a graduated scale for incomes under that
sum.
Schedule C of this tax act comprises all
profits due from interest, annuities, dividends,
or shares of annuities, or, in other words, upon
any portion of the public debt.
To prevent frauds in these taxations all
incomes arising from interest or dividends, or
anything in the nature of funded property,
were required to be returned and accounted
for by the persons paying them, not by the
persons receiving the interest or dividend.
For example, on a loan on mortgage for
£10,000, the mortgagor deducts the duty from
his interest, paying that to the Government
and the remainder to the mortgagee.
For taxes upon all profits arising from any
interest, annuities, or dividends, payable from
any public funds no return was required from
the person receiving them as in the case of
other species of property, but the taxes were
retained half yearly by those Government offi-
cers having such public funds in charge, and
paid to the receiver general of income tax by the
officers charged with paying such interest, who
were made assessors for that purpose. Such
assessors certified the income tax at the time
of the payment of the interest, annuities, or
dividends of the public debt to the officer ap-
pointed to pay it, who retained it and paid it
over to the receiver general, and this was the
course pursued as to the taxes upon the national
debt, the colonial revenue, and the foreign rev-
enue.
It will thus be seen that the House has the full-
est English precedent since 1790 for assessing
the taxes on income of the public debt directly,
and collecting it by the officer paying the inter-
est to the public creditor, so that we have full
and complete English laws fordoing that which
the committee reported they could find no pre-
cedent for doing in England or any other civ-
ilized country. The same law exists to-day
in Italy and Austria. It is to be feared that
the committee did not search as closely as they
might have done if they had not been hostile
to the proposition 1
I might stop here and the case of the House
against the committee would be triumphantly
won so far as precedent is concerned.
But there are objections raised by others to
the taxation of the income upon the interest
coupons which it may be well to consider, as
they are answered by the English practice.
One of these objections is that by so collecting
your income-tax you would collect a tax on
foreigners who may hold your bonds, and we
are told that cannot be done consistently with
public faith. Let us examine the English pre-
cedents a little further.
There were but four classes of exemption
from this income-tax on public stocks, to wit:
Stock held by friendly institutions or mutual
relief societies and savings-banks, with certain
exceptions, stocks of incorporated charities,
religious houses and colleges, stock belonging
to the national Treasury, her majesty, and
foreign ministers actually resident in England.
So it appears that England taxes all foreigners
who own her bonds, an income-tax, unless they
are foreign ministers actually resident there.
Bat England went further than we propose to
go. She taxed the principal as well as the
interest of her public debt in certain cases,
yet she is never called a repudiator.
All the English tax acts require the duty to
be levied on each annuity of her public debt,
as well those terminable as those perpetual or
interminable; and this, too, whether the annu-
ity arose from a loan to the Government or to
private individuals.
Now, a terminable annuity popularly defined
is an agreement on the part of the borrower to
pay each year a sum, with a given rate of inter-
est, which will repay the whole principal loaned
and interest at the end of the agreed period.
Yet the English tax acts require that these
annual repayments and their interest shall be
assessed as other incomes or profits were, and
the tax retained by the individual or Govern-
ment owing them for the benefit of the Treas-
ury.
It will be thus seen that the Government
taxed the principal as well as the interest of so
much of its public debt as was borrowed on
terminable annuities.
This is the same as would be the taxing of
its bonds, principal as well as interest, by the
United States, and deducting the amount on
the payment of the coupons; yet this was
never deemed a repudiation of its debt by the
English Government, or any part thereof, but
simply a proper exercise of the right of
sovereignty in equalizing the taxes upon its
citizens.
It will be seen, therefore, that England taxed
her public debt according to her exigencies
up to ten per cent.; that she collected this tax
from all those to whom she paid interest,
whether citizens or foreigners, by deducting
the tax at the payments; and that she taxed
income derived from this source higher than
some other sources of income.
Thus she taxes one half of the amount only
of the income derived from rents orfrom occu-
pied land or the farmer of land, and the whole
amount of that derived from the public debt;
ill other words, her taxes on income from
annuities and dividends, seven pence, and on
her farmers or rents three and a half pence in
the pound. Just one half. Mark that! Is
not this a justification as a precedent for tax-
ing the interest on our bonds ten per cent,
while we tax other incomes only five per cent. V
What answer can the Committee of Ways and
Means make to this precedent?
Mr. GARFIELD. I took down the sen-
tence as jtist spoken, and I desire to ask if it
is correct. They tax the land at three and a
half per ctat. and the interest on the debt at
seven per cent?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Every-
body in the House who heard me will tell you
it is not.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desired to get the gen-
tleman correctly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have it
written here, and I cannot have made such a
mistake. The duty assessed was seven pence
in the pound except on incomes of less than
£150. They assessed the incomes derived
from occupation of land at half its value, or
three and a half pence, and that relieved the
farmer. Therefore, the tax derived from in-
come of rent of lands is one half that derived
from other sources.
Mr. GARFIELD. The sentence I wrote
down was, "The tax on land was one half the
tax on the public debt." I3 that true?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir;
the tax on the income derived from the occu-
pation of land is one half that derived from
the public debt in England. Understand me
so that there may be no mistake.
Mr. PIKE. That is in addition to the tax
on the value of the laud.
Mr. _ BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Land
hears its taxes there precisely as it does here,
our local taxes. This tax of which I speak is
upon the income from the occupation of the
land, and that is one half of that taken from
the public debt.
But this latter is collected by the person pay-
ing the interest on the public debt in whatever
form it is found, and not from the person receiv-
ing it, not trusting to his conscience only to find
out what his income is, and thereby losing nearly
all your tax.
Better somebody take that down, for it is quite
important.
Precisely as we instructed our Committee of
Ways and Means to report a bill providing an
income tax to be collected by the Treasurer of
the United States on the coupons. In answer
they report to the House, in a manner that
would be impudently done if it were not igno-
rantly done, that there is no precedent for such
a tax in any civilized country.
Let me repeat—England taxes the income
of her national debt more than some other
incomes, and has it collected by the person
paying it on her behalf. Thus taxing all in-
come—the public debt, the colonial debt, the
foreign revenue, bank dividend, interest on
mortgages, and annuities—everything of the
sort, and collects the tax of everybody whose
income is derived therefrom above a certain
amount—and she has not always even ex-
empted those-—at hefme or abroad, domestic
or alien, save religious and charitable socie-
ties, resident foreign ministers, and the queen.
England is wise enough (and has a commit-
tee of her House of Commons that will do its
bidding in that behalf) to tax the source of
income and not the stream; to levy the tax at
the fountain of profit and gain of the tax-payer
instead of attempting to collect it after it had
been frittered awav, dissipated, or concealed.
She forces her subjects to be honest in their
income returns and thus equalizes and lightens
the burdens of her taxation. She does not
frame her tax laws as ours arc, to get only the
tax upon the income of the upright and con-
scientious who will make true returns of their
incomes while the dishonest and corrupt escape
taxation on their incomes altogether.
There is one other fact, about the taxation
of England which may be instructive and use-
ful to those anti-paying, anti-tax gentlemeu
who affect to believe that taxation of the in-
come derived from the interest of our bonds is
repudiation, and at the same toe point to
England as the exemplar of national financial
faith.
England has for many years taxed the prin-
cipal as well as the interest of her public debt-
in some of its forms. And although frequent
attempts have beeu made in Parliament to
procure a change of this mode of taxation.
