1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1941
lowed within which the President is to return
with Lis objections a biil to the House in
which it originated for the reconsideration of
the proposed measure by both Houses. The
gist of the limitation, therefore, is that within
a certain limited time the President must
make his objections. The particular day on
which it is to be done is not material; but the
necessary effect of the Constitution is that the
length of time allo.wed, the ten days which are
limited to the President within which objec-
tions can be made, cannot be abridged by
legislation on any rational construction of the
Constitution.
But further, in connection with this limita-
tion of time, the provision is that the bill shall
become a law if not returned within ten days,
unless Congress by their adjournment pre-
vent its return. The language is:
"Unless Congress by their adjournment prevent
its return, m whioh ease it shall not bo a law."
The construction given by the committee is,
in my judgment., erroneous in two respects. In
the first place, the committee confine the term
. "adjournment," as used in the Constitution,
to a particular meaning not justified by its
received signification at the time of the pas-
sage of the Constitution and now, or by its
etymology. An adjournment may be defined
to be, I will not say a suspension of business,
but a postponement of sessionforaperiodof one
day, from one day to another, or for any num-
ber of days. That is an adjournment. It may
be from day to day; it may be without day;
it may be for a period of ten days or three
months. Each is equally included under the
word "adjournment." The committee, how-
ever, propose to confine the meaning of the
word '•adjournment," as used in this clause
of the Constitution to adjournment without
day. The Constitution uses no such language.
It is necessary to add to the general term
"adjournment" there used the words "with-
out day," or 11 sine die," in order to justify
the construction tor which the committee con-
tend.
But, Mr. President, there is an additional
objection which to my mind is all powerful.
The committee propose iu the same section,
not intending to deprive the Executive of the
ten days to which he is entitled, that if Con-
gress is not in session during the ten days or
at the end of the ten days the President may
send the bill to the office of the Secretary of
the Senate or the Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives, according to the House in which
the bill may have originated. There is no
such provision in the Constitution; and the
settled usage of this Government, without a
single exception from its foundation, is that no
communication is made by the Executive to
either House except to the House in session, and
that usage ought to have a controlling influ-
ence to exclude the idea which is contained in
the provision of the bill that I am now refer-
ring to.
But further, the very object of the clause
looks to the fact that the bill should be re-
turned during the session of the House in
which it originated. It looks, if I may so
speak, to immediate action oil the part of
Congress—at all events it looks to giving to
Congress the right of immediate action as soon
as the objections of the President are received.
The House are to proceed to consider the ob-
jections; they are to spread them at large on
the Journal; there is to be a reconsideration of
the measure formerly under debate. The whole
clause looks to speedy action, at all events,
upon objections made by the President, and
the language employed providing for a return
to the House docs not imply filing a docu-
ment with the Clerk or the Secretary when the
House is not in session, whether it be the
Senate or the House of Representatives. It is
forcing language to adopt any such construc-
tion.
But again : the language of the Constitution
is that the bill is to be a law if not returned
within ten days, "unless the Congress by
their adjournment shall prevent its return, in
which case it shall not be a law." If it be
true, as provided in this bill, that the Presi-
dent may make his return to the Secretary of
the Senate or the Clerk of the House of liep-
resentatives, then there is no possible case in
which, whether the Senate or House of .Rep-
resentatives has adjourned for the session or
for any other time, Congress can prevent a bill
becoming a law by their adjournment. They
may adjourn for the session ; but if the Presi-
dent has authority to return the bill to the
office of the Secretary of the Senate or Clerk
of the House of Representatives ho may still
return it within the ten days. In other words,
the effect of such a construction authorizing the
filing of the objections with the Clerk, for it is
no more—it is no return to the House, it is the
simple filing of a message or the objections
with the Clerk—is that the words, '' unless
the Congress by their adjournment shall pre-
vent its return" are rendered nugatory and
entirely useless. How could-they prevent its
return by their adjournment, if that power ex-
ists, or if it was intended by the Constitution
that the President might make the return to the
Clerk of the House of Representatives or the
Secretary of the Senate ? As long as the Con-
gress continues those officers are there ; their
officers are there and the return could be made
to them. Congress mighthave adjourned forthe
session, and yet the President could return the
bill to the office of Secretary or Clerk unless the
words of the Constitution to which I have re-
ferred have meaning; and if they have meaning,
then the ordinary sense of the word "adjourn-
ment" would require that we should construe the
clause to mean that Congress must be in session
—not during the whole time ; far from it—but
the gist of the matter is, that Congress shall not
abridge the time allowed to the Executive to
make the return, and Congress, or at least the
House in which the bill originated, must be in
session on the tenth day, the last day; no more.
They may adjourn in the interim ; it is immate-
rial ; that does not, in the meaning of the Con-
stitution, and cannot prevent the return of the
bill with the objections of the President. The
Executive is not bound to return it on any one
day ; but he is, by the language of the Constitu-
tion, allowed ten days' time. Therefore, just as
in the case of a writ where you have the whole
time, he has the whole time to do it in. If you
are in session on the last day of the time, it is
immaterial thatyou may have adjourned in the
interim, because that does not prevent the
return of the bill. He is to return it within
the time, not on any particular day. You
cannot abridge the time by a construction of
the Constitution. You are not bound to lie in
session in the interim. If on the day on
which the limitation expires the House in
which the bill originated is in session, beyond
all question a return then would be within the
terms of the Constitution and would give to
the President the full time to which he is enti-
tled. There is no obligation on him and no
reason why he should return the bill on any
particular day within the ten days; but he is
entitled to the whole time; and if Congress,
by its adjournment, does not deprive him of
any portion of that time, of course in that case
Congress by its adjournment has not prevented
the return of the bill with his objections.
I hold, therefore, that the true construction
of the Constitution is plain. The intent of the
Constitution is immediate procedure. I do
not say that the House may not, when the
message comes before them, postpone its con-
sideration to a subsequent day but they have
the right to act at once. The intent of the
Constitution is that they may, if they see fit,
reconsider that measure with the President's
objections after the period of ten days has ex-
pired. But under the construction this bill
gives a bill might be returned when Congress
had adjourned for three weeks to the office of
the Secretary of the Senate, or even after Con-
gress had adjourned for the session. It is true
the bill says the word " adjournment" is to be
construed to mean adjournment for the session.
What is there to justify this attempt to add
words to the language of the Constitution so
as to give to the term "adjournment" a mean-
ing other than what itsetvm'ology and its ordi-
narily received signification implies? I am
unable to understand the reasoning of the
committee on that point.
Mr. President, I did not come here intend-
ing to speakto-day, and my purpose merely is
to get the objections before the Senate. There
is involved, so far as 1 can see, no question
which would appeal to any sentiment con-
nected with party in reference to this measure.
It is very clear that the bill is prospective-in
its language, and most certainly it cannot by
its terms give any efficacy to an act unless that
act has cfficacy without reference to the bill.
1 do not suppose, therefore, there is any in-
tention of that kind. But on this subject of
construction there is another thing to be ad-
verted to. In the interpretation of all stat-
utes—and the Constitution is but an organic
statute—the true course is to trike the words
in their natural import, as understood at the
time by the makers of the instrument. If there
is no obscurity about thera of course there is
no room for collateral circumstances to enter
into the question. Where there is obscurity,
of course, looking to the subject-matter, you
can necessarily go to the debates of the day, if
they throw any light on the question, or to
any other collateral matter, for the purpose
of arriving at the true construction. I propose
to show now, from the Constitution itself, in
the use of its own language, that this word
"adjournment" cannot mean and does not
mean " adjournment for thesession," because
the Constilution in other parts (differing from
the mode in which we now, in what way I
know not, have fallen info the habit of speak-
ing of the suspension of business during the
day as a "recess") used the word "recess,"
when its framers meant to speak of the body
having ended its session. First, in article one,
section three, referring to the Senate of the
United States, it is provided:
"If vacancies happen, by resignation or other-
wise, during tho recess of the Lcgislatme of any
State, tho Executive thereof may make temporary
appointments until the next meeting of the Legis-
lature, which shall then fill such vacancies."
This shows that when the Constitution means
to speak of the adjournment sine die of a
legislative body it speaks of it as a "recess"
of that body, that is, the period when the ses-
sion is ended. That provision was in regard
to tho Legislature of a State; but you will see
that the same term was employed in reference
to the Congress of the United States in article
two, section two, in the third clause, where it
is provided:
"The President shall have power to fill up all
vacancies that may happen during the i ccess of tho
yenate, by granting commissions which shall expire
at the end of their next session."
There is the same language exactly as in the
previous clause, and the same meaning, that
the session of the Senate having ended there
is a recess of the body. In both cases, as
applied to a State Legislature and to the Senate
of the United States, the language is express,
and it is plain that the framers of the Consti-
tution, when they meant to speak of the term-
ination of the session, spoke of the body as
being in recess.
Having thus shown that when they speak of
an adjournment sine die or an adjournment for
the session they express the idea by the use of
the word " recess," I submit that, according to
any rule of interpretation of written instru-
ments, it is not allowable to confine the word
"adjournment," as found in the particular
clause now under consideration, which, in its
etymological import, means an adjournment to
any other day, or from one day to another, or
for ten days, or for the session, solely to an
adjournment without day. You are then inter-
polating and adding additional words to the
word "adjournment," to give it a specific
meaning contrary to the meaning which the
Constitution used in reference to the same sub-
ject in other clauses of the instrument. And
further, you are obliged, in order to get at this
