1942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
construction, to authorize, not the return of
the bill to the House in which it originated,
but the sending of a message to be filed with
the Secretary or Clerk of the House, although
it is intended for the consideration of the
House, and for its immediate action if it thinks
proper to do so, for the purpose of the recon-
sideration of the measure ; and although the
settled usage of the Government from its
foundation is sueh that there is no instance to
be found in which a President of the United
States has made a communication to either
House through the medium through which it
is now proposed, to say it can be done under
the Constitution.
I submit, therefore, Mr. President, to the
judgment of the Senate that the construction
given by the committee to this clause of the
Constitution is erroneous in fact, and that there
is really 110 practical difficulty, if you assume
the construction that I contend for, which is,
that if the bill originated in the Senate, while
the Senate may adjourn for its three days it
must be in session when the time expires. It
is not requisite that it should be in session
during the whole intermediate time, because
the want of session during any part of the in-
termediate time does not abridge the right given
to the Executive. Ho has the whole time within
which to act, and because you had adjourned
for a few days in the interval it certainly would
not be held that Congress by its adjournment
had prevented the return of the bill when the
House in which it originated was in session at
the time when it was returned.
I am aware, sir, that in the State of New
Hampshire this question came up before the
judges, and they arrived at a ditferent conclu-
sion ; although it is true that the language of
their State constitution is not precisely the
same as that used in the Federal Constitution ;
nor am I aware that the argument which 1 have
presented, arising from the use of the word
"recess" in our Constitution, was before them,
or could have had any application there. I
have read the opinion of the judges in that case
with care, deliberately, and I confess that I am
unable to see the force of the reasoning which
they employ. There is but one argument used
by them which I shall notice. 1 may say, be-
fore referring to it, that one great objection to
the weight of the decision would naturally be
with every man that it was an unargued case.
It is very clear that, no matter what may be
the intellectual power of any body, judicial or
legislative, the discussion of two sides of a
question will naturally enlighten the mind,
especially on judicial questions, and that in
that way you will more probably arrive at a
correct conclusion than by submitting to judges
a general question as to the construction of a
law without any argument taking place before
them. On this question, as far as I can see
from the report, there was no argument. Un-
der a provision which exists in the constitution
of New Hampshire the question was referred
by one or by both branches of the Legislature
to the judiciary and the opinion of the court
delivered. The ease is not precisely the same
as that presented under the Constitution of
the United States, for the reasons I have main-
tained, but it is not far from it in substance.
I read from the forty-fifth volume of New
Hampshire Reports, page 610:
"I. Is Monday, August 22, when neither House was
in session, to be counted as one of the five days speei-
fiert ? Upon this point there can be no doubt. The
adjournment referred to in this provision of the Con-
stitution is not, wo think, the ordinary recess or ad-
journment from time to time during the continuance
of the session, but the final adjournment at the close
of the session."
That is simply the expression of an opinion ;
no reason whatever is given for it. It certainly
is not according to the etymology of the word.
The word "adjournment" would cover any
species of adjournment to another day. They
use the word "recess" here evidently in the
mode which we have been in the habit latterly
of using it, but a mode directly contrary to the
sense in which it is used in the Constitution of
the United States by its framers. The court
assume the fact, without assigning a reason for
it, that an adjournment from time to time is
not the "adjournment" meant by their consti-
tution. Why so? The word "adjournment"
certainly includes an adjournment over one
day or two days, as much as an adjournment to
the next session. The word "adjournment"
covers either; and then, as I have shown, the
language of the Federal Constitution is that
the adjournment must be such as to prevent
the President from making his return. The
court go on to say:
"If we aro right in the view expressed upon the
first point, namely, that it might be sufficient for tho
Governor to return the bill, &c., to the Speaker after
the adjournment of tho House for that day, if within
the five days, then it follows, of course, that the
House could not prevent the return of a bill by ad-
journing over any one of tho five days, even though
it should bo the last one of the five, because the bill
might in that case be returned, within the time lim-
ited, to tho Speaker, or to the Clerk, or some other
proper officer."
The court, in the course of their argument,
rely very much on the usage in that State ap-
plied to another matter. The usage in New
Hampshire is to send the bill to what is called
the executive chamber. In that case it was
sent to the executive chamber, but the Gov-
ernor did not get it till the day after it was
sent there. The court held, under tho usage,
that the bill had been delivered to him within
the intent of their constitution on the day on
which it was sent there. Here the usage of
the Government of the United States, from its
origin to the present day, is, that in no single
case has a President of the United States, on
the return of a bill to the Senate or House of
Representatives, ever undertaken to file his
message with the Clerk of the one or the Sec-
retary of the other; but the action of the Ex-
ecutive has uniformly been by message sent to
the House when in session. That is the settled
usage; and when you look to the language of
the Constitution, that the bill is to be returned
to the House, it is certainly forcing language
to say that a return to the House means filing
a paper with the Secretary or Clerk when the
House is not in session.
But, sir, there is another argument—and it is
the only one entitled to weight—which I shall
endeavor to answer. The court go on to say
that the bill may be filed with the Speaker or
the Clerk. I see no warrant for that. I cannot
understand, taking the universal usage of the
Government, oil what foundation you can hold
that such a filing would be sufficient, when tho
Constitution says that the bill is to be returned
with the objections to the House in which it
originated, necessarily implying a House in
session, and not a filing with the Clerk or
Speaker. But here is the argument which I
think requires to be controverted and which
has plausibility, certainly:
"The Constitution provided, in articles nineteen and
thirty-six, against any adjournment of the House or
Senate during the session for more than two days at
any one time."
With us it is three days.
"It could not liave been expected that any such
adjournment would or could operate to defeat the
return of any bill within the time there specified
that the Governor might wish to veto. Although in
the caso before us both Houses adjourned for the
same time, yet it often happens, and it may at any
time happen, that one House wiil adjourn tor a day
or two white the other is in session, Now, a bill
must be returned to the House in whir-h it origin-
ated, and if it should be held that it must be re-
turned to that House while m session, then an ad-
journmcntof that llouso overoneday would prevent
the return of the bill during that day as much as an
adjournment of both Houses: and if it had been
intended to provide against such an adjournment for
a day or two at the longest the constitutional pro-
vision should have been that the bill should bore-
turned in five days to the House in which it origin-
ated, unless that House shall prevent it by an ad-
journment."
That is the argument. I admit it has great
plausibility. My answer to it is a ready one,
keeping in view the other clauses of the Con-
stitution. I believe it may be assumed as
axiomatic that the whole is greater than a part;
the maxim omne magis in.ie confinet minus ap-
plies ; and though the word used is "Congress,"
necessarily, taking the whole clause together,
"Congress" includes "the House in which
the bill originated," and if that House is not
in session, not every day during the ten days,
for that is not at all requisite, but on the day
when the limitation of time expires, it comes
within the general term " Congress," and the
bill would not become a law, because the gist
of it is to allow the President ten days within
which to make his objections. Then he is to
return the bill to the House in which it origin-
ated ; and the House may proceed and has
the authority to proceed at once to reconsider
it ; and I think the Constitution in its provis-
ions looks to the fact that it would do so at
once. In the earlier days of the Republic, I
believe, there was always an immediate consid-
eration. To this argument, then, my answer
is that if the House in which the bill originated
is not in session on the day when the limita-
tion of time expires, within the intent and
meaning of that clause of the Constitution, the
President's time is abridged, and Congress by
its adjournment—for the word "Congress" in-
cludes both Houses—has prevented the Presi-
dent from having the time the Constitution
contemplates he shall have for the purpose of
returning bills. It seems to me that this is the
true construction of the Constitution ; and then
comes the second question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday, being House bill No. 900,
is by the rules regularly before the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I trust the Senate will permit
the honorable Senator from Delaware to con-
clude his speech.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. That can
be done by unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to know
how long the Senator will be likely to require.
Mr. BAYARD. Not more than fifteen min-
utes, probably.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection, the Senator from Delaware will
be permitted to finish his remarks. The Chair
hears no objection, and the Senator will pro-
C66(l.
Mr. BAYARD. The second objection, Mr.
President, is that this bill proposes, on its face,
to define by legislative action the interpreta-
tion of the Federal Constitution. That is the
scope and object of the bill, that certain words
in the Constitution are to be held and con-
strued in a particular manner; the word "ad-
journment'1 iu the Constitution is to mean an
adjournment to the next session; and the Pres-
ident is to be authorized, whether the Consti-
tution prescribes it or not, to file a message
with his objections to a bill with the Clerk in
the one House and the Secretary in the other.
In other words, as I read it, supposing my
construction to be right or any other con-
struction differing with that of the committee,
Congress, by legislation, is in this bill assum-
ing the power to give a construction to the
Federal Constitution, to prescribe its construc-
tion by law. Is not that the exercise of judi-
cial power? I make allusion to no other meas-
ure ; but this particular one now pending seems
to me to be a clear and naked assumption of
judicial power. The Constitution of the Uni-
ted States vests judicial power in the courts,
the Supreme Court, and such inferior courts
as may be organized by Congress; the execu-
tive power in the President, and the legislative
power, with limitations, in the Congress of the
United States. I suppose it to be the essence
of free government, which no one will deny,
that these powers shall be kept distinct. No
one can deny that a Government where the
power of making laws and expounding law3
and executing laws is in one and the same
hands, be it an aggregate body or a single
man, is a despotism. That is the very division
between a despotism and a free Government.
The subdivision of power into different de-
partments, operating as a check upon each
other, is the basis of all free government. In
every State of this Union it is adopted. It is
the practical limitation. The theory would
amount to nothing, no paper constitution
would be worth the parchment upon which it
