442
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 14,
Ho. of Reps.
Taxation of Government Bonds—-Mr. Butler.
40tii Gong....2c Sess.
they have always hitherto been unsuccessful.
The tax comes in this way. Earlier than this
century a large portion of her debt was in
what is known as terminable annuities. It
was then a successful method of raising money
by the Government and a favorite investment
by the subject, especially the retired capitalists.
A terminable annuity may be popularly de-
fined and illustrated in its effect in this way:
the Government borrows ,£100, agreeing to
pay it back in twenty years in equal animal
installments, with interest at three and a half
per cent. There is paid, therefore, five pounds
each year, and the interest on the balance
remaining unpaid until all is paid. Now, if
these annual payments, which are part of the
principal, as well as the interest, are taxed as
income, it will be seen at once that the prin-
cipal is subject to a yearly tax as income.
Precisely as if, in our ten-forty bonds, we
should agree to pay a fortieth part of the bond
yearly and the interest, and we should then
tax these yearly payments as income. This is
precisely what England has done and is doing,
and yet her committees of Parliament never
charge her with repudiation or call hard names
or refuse to obey the order of the House of
Commons.
I have been thus careful in going over this
matter, because I am combating what has been
said here by a committee of this House, in
solemn report to this House, to excuse them
from neglecting to obey an order of the House
passed by a larger majority than almost any
other contested measure passed by the House
in this Congress. What, then, is their claim?
They claim that it will be repudiation to tax
the income on our bonds. Repudiation is it?
Let us see how that is. When we issued those
bonds, the tax therefrom was only one and a
half per cent, on the incomes derived from
them, and it was three per cent, on all other
income. Did anybody ever ery out " Bepu-
diat.ion" when we raised that tax on incomes
to five per cent? Certainly not. And why?
Because so long as we left, the return of income
to the oath of the bondholders, they cared
nothing about the tax upon the income derived
from bonds, although we more than trebled it.
But now, when we ask here for a tax often
percent, or only double the present tax, instead
of treble as before, but levied in such a way
that the rogue shall pay it as well as the honest
man, there is raised the hue and cry of "breach
of good faith," and " repudiation." It is not
because the income had never been taxed
before that all this ery is raised against such
taxation. But because "we raised it five per
cent, and made it easier for a man honestly to
return his income, by paying back to the Gov-
ernment five per cent, of the interest he re-
ceives. This will suit all honest men, but the
rogues will howl. If every man would honestly
return all the income he has, as the law is now,
and we should get the five per cent, upon it,
there would be no need for any legislation,
except as it maybe bestto put a larger tax on
the interest of the bonds which now escape all
taxation, State and municipal, burdens which
other property has to bear.
We propose, therefore, to add five per cent.,
so as to equalize the taxation of this property
with other property, and to make men honest
by taxing the income at the source. What is
the objection to that? It is said that we re-
pudiate by taxing the interest on bonds ten
per cent. Is it not just as much repudiation to j
tax five per cent.? If our instructions to our '
committee had been to bring iu a bill at five
per cent, all the diiference between that and j
the present law would have been that one pro- j
posal would have made men honest in spite of 1
themselves in this matter at least. But when- I
ever we undertake to do that by legislation ;
nowadays, whether in regard to whisky or i
indeed anything else, men begin to cry out i
ynn must keep '•faith,'' you are taxing us too !
inuch- jour penalties arc too severe. :
Again, it is said, as a reason why we should
not tax this source of income in a manner equal
and just to all, that we have no right to tax for-
eigners. "You are breaking faith with some
broker in Frankfort, Bremen, London, or else-
where." Any cry will do to save the bond-
holder from having his fair share of the public
burdens in return for his more than just share
of the public benefits!
But we have a right to tax foreigners. Why
not? If a foreigner, wherever he may live,
owns any land in a State do you not tax
that land and the income? Yes. If an alien
owns any other property other than laud in a
city, do you not tax that property and the in-
come thereof? Do they let the non-residents
and foreigners all cseape taxation in Ohio, for
instance. There is a story, which I presume
is a slander, that in that State, as well as some
others, they tax the foreigner and non-resident
a little higher than they do their own citizens.
It may be said the property is taxed and not
the owners in this case. So I say here the
income is taxed and not the owner. But it is
argued that the property which you tax in your
State is there under your laws while the alien
has the bond with him, so the property is not
here. I pray judgment. The bond which
the foreigner takes abroad is only an evidence
of debt, property, the same as his deed of
land is evidence of a title to property here.
But the income of his property, evidenced by
his bond, is earned here and is payable and
paid here,comes from our citizens, their labors,
their toil, is from us, is of us, and should be
taxed as we are. WTho shall gainsay this and
not fail ?
If this were a new question, were the prop-
osition without precedent, which it is not, the
argument would be irresistible.
I am not, however, left without the fullest
authority and precedent of laws for taxing
foreigners. We have already seen that Eng-
land taxes all owners of bonds, alien and citi-
zen ; and you yourselves by your own act (tax
act of July, 1SGG) have by very name taxed
every foreigner owning any bonds or stock
issued by any corporation in the United States.
We tax those bonds and collect the tax,
too, in exactly the same way in which our pro-
posed law taxes and collects the tax on the
income on United States bonds. We collect
the tax on the corporation bond by deducting
it from the interest on the coupons. I read
from section one hundred and twenty-two of
your internal revenue law passed July 13,1800:
"That auy railroad, canal, turnpike,canal naviga-
tion, or slack-water company, indebted for any
money for which bonds or other evidence of indebt-
edness have been issue'!, payable in one or more
years after date, upon which interest is stipulated to
be paid, or coupons representing the inter^t, or any
Mich company rhat may have declared any dividend
in scrip or money due or payable to its stockholders,
including non-residents, whether citizens or aliens, as
part of the earnings, profits, income, or gains of such
company, and all profits of such company earned to
the account of any fund, or used for construction,
shall be subject to and pay a tax of five percent,
on the amount of all such interest, or coupons, divi-
dends, or profits, whenever and wherever the  >■ me
shall be payable, and to whatsoever pas-ty or person
the same maybe payable, including non-residents,
'whether citizens or aliens; and said_ companies are
hereby authorized to deduct and withhold fiorn all
payments on account of any interest, or coupons,
and dividends, due and payable as aforesaid, the tax
of five per cent."
Is not, this a complete answer to the sugges-
tion that you cannot tax the foreigner on the
income of his bond because he has it with him
out of the country ? Does he not have his
railroad bond with him ? It has been said that
this taxation infringes on the maxim. " So
taxation without representation but this sug-
gestion has been overruled in every State that
taxes the property of non-residents, and all
so do. It is too puerile to need further exam-
ination.
If the foreigner living abroad owns bonds of
the Illinois lialroad Company, for example,
you, by the section I have just read, make it
the duty of the treasurer of that company to
deduct from his coupon when he sends it here
for payment five per cent, as an income tax.
Why should you not in like roanner'direet the
Treasurer of the United States to deduct a tax
from the coupons of the United States bonds
when they are presented for payment? Is
there any other answer than to say, " Because
we never have done it." I agree that we never
have done it. England did not do it till she
found she was cheated out of her revenue by
false returns. We never had an internal rev-
enue law till a few years ago. We always had
slavery till 1863 ; is that a reason why we should
have it now ? This is the same argument by
which the continuance of old abuses has always
been advocated. We always have had by our
internal revenue laws, unequal, and thereforfe
unjust taxation. It has become a crying evil.
Now wc are instructed and pledged by the
Chicago platform that " it is due to the labor of
the country to equalize taxation." Shall wc
do it?
Mark now, and see how wo standi We do
tax aliens. We do tax other bonds and collect
it by deducting the tax from the coupons.
Why should we not tax the United States bonds
in the same way? Why do we tax in that
way the bonds of canals, railroads, and other
companies in order to get the full and honest
tax? Why should we not tax and collect in
the same way the taxes on their incomes of
men holding Government securities ? Why
not equalize taxation so far as to make honest
returns of incomes? This much equalization
at least is due to labor according to the declar-
ation of the Chicago platform; and is there
any breach of "national faith" in so framing
our laws that the rogues and rascals shall not
cheat the Government out of these income
taxes? Do we mean it, or is this plank in our
party platform but the fly of a trap, as oar
enemies charge; a delusion and a sitare by
which to entrap the people to vote for that
which we do not mean to carry out in our legis-
lation ? I here declare for myself and for the
majority of the party whose llepresentative.'f on
this floor voted with me, that wo do mean it.
We are honest about it, and intent upon it;
and God giving us strength we will see that
taxation is equalized, and our laws shall be
framed so that all men, whether foreign or cit-
izen, shall make honest and true returns of
their incomes from all their profit; shall deal
fairly and justly by the Government and bear
their due share of our heavy burdens.
All admit that we have the right to impose an
income fax. If men will return it under oath
we are all willing to collect it. We are ready
to take it from the honest men. Now, let us
see whether we are not ingenious enough and
steadfast enough to frame our laws so as to
catch tire rascals and make them honest men
in this regard. They will howl, I know; but,
sir, let them howl; they always do.
Have ever we pledged ourselves that we
would not tax these bonds? Never. At the
very time we issued them we put a tax on the
income from them. We have alwaj-s taxed the
income. AH that this bill wbieliwe instructed
the Committee of Ways and Means to prepare
aud report would do would be to make the
holders of our bonds, whether those holders
be abroad or at home, honest in their returns
of their incomes for taxation. 1 he only change,
theoretically or practically, if men were honest,
is that we make the tax upon the income ien
per cent, instead of five per cent., as now, and
the reason to justify so doing I will advert to
iu a moment,. It is said that the tax becomes
repudiation because it is s,o large. It is only
six tenths of one per cent, on the income of a
six per cent. bond. One gentleman came to
me and said, "Put the rate at live per cent,
and we will aarce to your proposition ;" ii'<
other words, " If you will enact only a little
repudiation it is not objectionable ; infant repu-
diation is innocent, but full grown repudiation
is intolerable !" It lb not repudiation to tax
