2966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of
Mr. Morton, which was to add to the substi-
tute reported by the Committee on the Judiciary
the following additional sections:
And be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty
of the commanding generals of the different military
districts in which said States are situated, to cause
all officers duly elected under the constitution of
either of said States, not disqualified as hereinafter
proved, to be installed into their respective offices
within twenty days after the passage of this act, and
to a fiord ample protection to such officers in the
rightftil discharge of their duties: Provided, That
such olficers shall be deemed piovisional only and
subject to the paramount authority of the United
States, until the provisions of the first section of this
act shall have been complied with.
And be it further enacted, That no person pro-
hibited from holding office under the United States,
or under any State, by scction three oi the proposed
amendment to the constitution of the United States
known as article fourteen, shall be deem eligible to
any office in either of said States, and when any per-
son declared elected to any office is thus disqualified
the person having the next highest number of votes
ior the same office shall be instructed with the dis-
charge of the duties of such office until such time as
a new election can be held in accordance with the
provisions of the constitution of the State in which
it occurs.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will move, if it be in
order, that, the bill which has been received
from the House of Representatives to-day be
substituted for the amendment proposed by
tlie Senator from Indiana.
- The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator propose to amend the amendment?
Mr. "WILLIAMS. Yes, sir. Let my amend-
ment be read.
The Chief Clerk. It is moved to amend
the proposed amendment by striking out all
after the enacting clause of the first section of
the amendment and inserting as follows :
That the Legislature of each of the States of Ark-
ansas, Xortii Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana,
Georgia, and Alabama, elected under the constitu-
tion thereof, framed and adopted m pursuance of the
provisions of an act entitled "An act lor the more
efficient, government of the rebel States,'' passed
March 2,1807, and the acts supplementary thereto,
be, and hereby is, authorized to meet on such day as
tnny have been iixed, cither in such constitution or
by the proclamation of any officer authorized to con-
vene such Legislature by the convention which
framed such constitution ; and if no day shall have
been fixed as aforesaid, or if the day so fixed for the
meeting of the Legislature of either of said States
which shall have passed, or shall have so nearly
anived before the passage of this act that in the
opinion of the Governor-elect there shall not be
time for the Legislature to assemble on the day so
fixed, such Legislature may be convened witbin
thirty days after the passage of this act by the Gov-
ern or-clcet of said State.
And be it farther enacted, That whenever either of
said Slates shall be admitted to representation in
.Congress, the executive and judicial offieers of such
State, duly elected and qualified under the constitu-
tion thereof, and notdisqualilicd by the Constitution
or laws of the United States, may be inaugurated
without delay, and the government of such State
shall thereupon be transferred to the civil author-
ities thereof.
And be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty
of all civil and military officers exercising authoiity
in cither of said States, to afford all practicable aid
and protection to the olficers ot such State in cany-
ing out the provisions of this act; and any such officer
who shall willfully withhold such aid and protection,
or shall willfully prevent, hinder, or delay themeeting
of cither of said Legislatures, or the inauguration of
any of said State officers, or any other civil or mili-
tary officer under either of said State constitutions,
shall ac guilty of a felony, and upon conviction
thereof before any Federal orState court of criminal
jurisdiction, shall be punished by impnsonmentnot
exceeding five years or by a fine not exceeding $5,000,
or both, at the discretion of the court.
Mr. MORTON. It has been suggested to
me by several Senators to accept this as a sub-
stitute for my amendment. I have no objec-
tion to that, with one exception. The amend-
ment I presented provides for the contingency
of preventing officers from being inaugurated
who are disqualified by the fourteenth article,
which is not yet a part of the Constitution.
'The amendment I offered provides that officers
who will be disqualified or ineligible when that
article becomes a part of the Constitution shall
not be inaugurated in advance. It will pre-
vent rather an anomalous and strange case.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Allow me to
suggest that the act of March 2,1867, prevents
that in these words :
"Anil no person shall be eligible to any office
under such provisional government who would be
disqualified from holding office under the provision
of the third section of the said articlo."
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is as to the pro-
visional governments. These are the State
governments proposed to be set up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
was probably in error in suggesting that the
amendment of the Senator from Oregon was in
order as an amendment to the amendment of
the Senator from Indiana. The Chair did not
think at the moment that the Committee on
the Judiciary had reported an amendment as
a substitute for the original bill, to which the
proposition of the .Senator from Indiana is an
amendment, so that this amendment would be
in the third degree. The Senator from Indi-
ana, however, can withdraw his amendment,
and then this would be in order.
Mr. MORTON. I withdraw my amend-
ment, and this can be offered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
amendment of the Senator from Oregon is in
order as an amendment to the amendment
reported by the committee.
Mr. HO WARD. 1 ask now whether it is in
order to offer an amendment to sections two
and three?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Of the
original bill?
Mr. HOWARD. No; of the substitute pre-
sented by the Judiciary Committee.
The PRESIDENTS-co tempore. That is not
now in order, because the pending proposition
is an amendment to that amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. I propose when the proper
time comes to offer an amendment to those two
sections, and the Chair will allow me to state
it i,ow. I propose to amend section two so
that it shall read as follows:
That if the day fixed for the meeting of the Legis-
la In re of either of said States by the constitution
thcieof shall have passed or shall have so nearly
arrived before thepassageot this act thatthcreshall
not be time for the Legislature to assemble at the
lime fixed by the constitution of such State, such
Legislature shall convene at the end of twenty days
from the time this act shall take effect unless the
Governor-elect shall sooner convene the same.
It will be seen by this amendment that I
dispense with the discretion which is given by
the second section to the Governor-elect of a
State to call the Legislature together or not, as
he may think fit. I do not think ho ought to
have any such discretion. I think we ought
to require by our statute that the Legislature-
elect shall convene at some given time, and
render that time absolutely certain by law,and
not leave it to the discretion of any Governor-
elect or anybody else. This amendment, will
allow twenty days from the passage of this act
for the Governor-elect of any State to assemble
the Legislature, at the end of which time, if he
does not call the Legislature together, it is
required to assemble by law. It then becomes
a legislative body, invested with all proper
functions for the transaction of the business
which is conferred upon it by this act and by
the Constitution.
Then again I propose to amend section three,
so that it shall read :
That the first section of this act shall take effect
as to each State except Georgia, when such State
shall by its Legislature duly ratify article fourteen
of the amendment of the Constitution of the United
States proposed by the Thirty-Xinth Congress, and
as to the State of Georgia, when it shall, in audition,
give the assentof said State to the fundamental con-
ditions hereinbefore imposed upon the same.
And I propose to strike out all the remainder
of the section as being surplusage. This sec-
tion, it will be observed, gives to the President
of the United States, as it is now written,
authority to make proclamation of the ratifi-
cation of the fourteenth article of amendment,
by any one of these rebel States, and it does
not authorize the admission of the State to rep-
resentation in Congress until such a proclama-
tion shall have been made by the President.
For one, I have not the slightest idea that Mr.
Johnson would ever issue any such proclama-
tion ; he would keep the States out so long as
he possibly could unless we should conscnt to
bring them in under his policy; and if this
clause is retained in the third section I do not
foresee that these States will ever be admitted
in virtue of the President's proclamation.
I propose, therefore, to dispense with that'
proclamation entirely, and to declare when
each of these States shall have ratified the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution that it.
shall be, ipso facto, entitled to representation
in Congress whether that ratification shall take
place during the session or in the vacation of
Congress. That will make an end of the ques-
tion forever; for the moment we confer on
these rebel States the right of representation
in the two Houses of Congress then the Pres-
ident of the United States has nothing more
to say about it; the rights which they lostby
the rebellion are restored to them by the action
of the two Houses of Congress in this bill, and
nothing should keep them out longer. As it
is not, however, in order at this time to offer
this amendment, I merely make this announce-
ment for the purpose of indicating what I
intend to do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I have
not had time to examine carefully the bill that
has come from the other House, and that is
now offered as an amendment; but I think we
had best not adopt it without, at any rate, hav-
ing it printed and before us, so that we may
see the effect of it. The object which we all
have in view is the recognition of these State
governments at an early day. The bill before
the Senate, as it is reported by the Judiciary
Committee, allows the Governors of these
States to convene the Legislatures at anytime
within thirty days. The Senator from Mich-
igan suggests one or two amendments to the
bill as reported by the committee, and I think,
perhaps, it may be wise to adopt thera. If his
amendments shall be adopted the Legislatures
of all these States will bo required by law to
assemble within twenty days after the passage
of the act, provided the (iovernor-elect does
not convene them sooner than that. How can
we get it in any better shape than that?
Then the bill provides that if they ratify the
fourteenth article of amendment to the Consti-
tution they are to be entitled to representation.
The Senator proposes to strikeout the require-
ment that was in the bill as it came from the
House of Representatives, and that is in the
bill as reported by the committee—that the
President shall issue his proclamation an-
nouncing that fact. The law, as it now exists,
requires each State, when it ratifies a consti-
tutional amendment, to send the evidence of
that fact to the office of the Secretary of State,
who is required, when a sufficient number of
States have ratified any constitutional amend-
ment to make it part of the Constitution, to
publish a notice officially proclaiming that fact.
It seems to me that if the amendments which
are suggested by the Senator from Michigan
be made, we shall accomplish all that it is
desirable to accomplish. The bill just sent
in from the House of Representatives and now-
offered as an amendment to this bill, collating
a provision which, I am very sure, ihe Senate
on reflection will not want to adopt. If I
understand it correctly, it contains a provision
that the Legislatures are to convene at the
times fixed by the constitutions. Those pe-
riods are very remote in some of these States.
Mr. POMEROY. Unless that time shall
have expired.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it does not fix a
time for them to convene afterward, does it?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes ; thirty days after
the passage of the act.
Mr. 1RUMBULL. T have not had sufficient
time to examine it to see whether there is a
provision of that kind.
Mr. POMEROY. I understood it so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Edmunds] thinks the Senator from
Kansas is incorrect.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from Illi-
nois will allow me, I desire to suggest that this
amendment, which I have not had an oppor-
tunity to read, go over for the present. There
are other amendments to be offered that may
take up the time of the Senate untit the ad-
journment to-day. I think we ought to look
at this proposition and read it. I should like
