1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
559
ing, and kindred subjects. This I regard as
one of the most useful provisions of the bill;
it is the only convenient method of combining
science and practice in a mining education. By
those visits the teacher, the pupil, and the
miner will be taught and the pupil prepared for
the active scenes of real life. Men educated in
this way will not be pretenders or be ridiculed
or despised by practical miners. It being also
a part of the business of the institution to col-
lect statistics and to report to Congress these
annual visits will afford ample opportunity for
obtaining information for that purpose.
An institution thus situated and brought in
immediate communication with the miners will
be inspired by the spirit of progress which ani-
mates that euterprising people. The blending
of science and practice in the system proposed
possesses many advantages. It will insure the
best methods of exploring, of mining engineer-
ing, and of metallurgy, and will greatly en-
hance production of the precious metals. It
. will become a great mining center, the depos-
itory of the learning of the Old World vitalized
by the experience of the New. It will classify
and record each experiment and invention for
the benefit of all. It will become authority
not only to the scientific but to the business
world. The character and condition of the
mines in the various mining districts, together
with information required for the purposes of
investments of capital and other commercial
transactions, will be made known. It will save
waste of time and capital in enterprises con-
demned by experience. It will reduce the
expense of bona fide undertakings, and enable
the miner to work ores now valueless, in which
the country abounds. This school, taken in
connection with the Pacific railroad and other
improvements that must follow, would greatly
increase and soon more than double the pres-
ent yields of the precious metals. It does seem
reasonable that with these facilities the mines
already discovered, not one in ten of which is
being worked, might soon yield the enormous
sum of $200,000,000 per annum. But if this
matter be neglected I fear that it will be found
very difficult, even with the assistance of the
Pacific railroad, to add largely to our present
product. If the proper encouragement is given
to enable the valuable mines now discovered
to be worked, new veins will be found, and it
is difficult to estimate the supply of the pre-
cious metals that may be anticipated.
I need not resort to argument to prove that
snch increase of production would contribute
to the prosperity of the nation. Experience
hus taught that fact. It is realized and enters
into the calculations of all good business men.
But few inquire the reason; the fact isaccepted.
The reason would be unimportant if thisindus-
try could prosper without encouragement in
spite of neglect or oppressive'burdens, but it
cannot. Government must encourage, or the
prospect for increased or even undiminished
supplies is by no means favorable. The argu-
ment against mining is that the aggregate yield
does not equal the aggregate expense; that on
an average it costs more than a dollar to pro-
duce a dollar. We have endeavored to explain
this fact and to suggest a remedy. Individuals
occasionally make large profits, which stimu-
lates others to vigorous effort. It is mainly
due to the influence of these successful exam-
ples that mining is continued, and if success
was sufficiently frequent the business would
nepd no encouragement. If there was a net
profit on the aggregate production of all the
mines, mining would be the most prosperous
business in the world ; for it is prosecuted with
more energy and possesses greater fascinations
than any other avocation. If mining is not
profitable to the miner, it is frequently asked,
why not let him quit the business? Who has
any interest in his continuing to waste his money
and labor? Better have it directed to some
useful employment. This argument would be
good if applied to any ordinary pursuit. But I
maintain that this nation has a vital interest in
the prosecution of mining, although it should
become necessary to apply a portion of the
revenue derived from other sources to its en-
couragement.
Assume, what is probably a reasonable esti-
mate, that the amount of metallic currency now
in the commercial world is $3,600,000,000.
By this $3,000,000,000 all values are meas-
ured and all commercial transactions are reg-
ulated. Suppose it were possible at once to
double this amount and place in the commer-
cial world $7,200,000,000 of coin in lieu of the
$3,000,000,000. How would values be affected?
Political economists have recognized the fact
that the value of all other commodities must
also be doubled. In other words gold and silver
would be cheaper, because the supply would be
greater. Reason aud authority establish the
principle that the value of gold and silver fur-
nishes no exception to the general rule; but is
determined, like the value of other commodi-
ties, by the law of supply and demand. Double
the supply and you will greatly decrease the
demand, and according to the laws of trade,
other things being equal, you will reduce the
price about one half. This proposition is .liable
to be rejected by the unreflecting.
There is a popular error that gold of a given
degree of fineness has a fixed and unchangeable
value. The mistake arises both from the office
performed by gold as a medium of exchange
and because production is seldom so rapid as
to occasion great fluctuations in the supply.
And when those fluctuations do occur we are
liable to suppose that the value of gold is the
same but that other values have changed. For
instance, if atone period a bushel of wheat will
buy a dollar in gold and at another it will buy
two, we say that wheat has raised and not that
gold has fallen. There have been several
periods, however, when large additions were
made to the supply of the current coin in so
short a time as to cause the people to realize
the fact that its value had depreciated,
During the sixteenth century, and after the
discovery of gold and silver in Mexico and
South America, the quantity of metallic cur-
reney in the commercial world was increased
fourfold, and the price of labor and every
other commodity correspondingly advanced.
A similar effect has often been produced, but
in a less degree, by the discovery of new mines.
The additions to the stock of the precious
metals from all parts of the world for the last
eighteen years are variously estimated from
one hundred and fifty to two hundred millions
per annum, and it is also estimated that the
amount of the current coin has been nearly or
quite doubled during that period. It will
require but a slight examination to satisfy any
one that gold is cheaper than it was eighteen
years ago, or, what is the same thing, a given
amount of labor or property will purchase more
than formerly.
It is manifest that the more we increase the
supply of gold the easier and cheaper we can
buy it. And inasmuch as we have a large debt
to pay and a large amount of gold to buy, it is
for our interest to increase the supply and
make it as cheap as possible. If we can double
the supply and reduce the value one half, so
much the better; it will take only half as much
property to pay the national debt. But de-
creased yields of the precious metals will
advance their price, depreciate property, and
increase the burden of the debt. Ihe supply
must increase with population and wealth in
the commercial world. Much is exported to
Asia, never to return; much is consumed for
manufacturing purposes, plate and ornaments,
and one tenth disappears every thirty-six years
by loss and wear. The product must be large
or the demand will greatly exceed the supply.
The United States is compelled to lead in
the production of the precious metals; for
Mexico and South America, the only countries
in the world where mines exist in sufficient
quantity and extent to rival our own, are par-
alyzed by civil war and revolution. The day
of their prosperity, when their mines can again
be opened and worked to advantage, must be
postponed until order and security for life and
property can be maintained.' Every nation
encumbered by debt is interested in the pro-
duction of precious metals and the develop-
ment of mines wherever they may exist.
During the first half of the present century
the production of gold and silver was greatly
retarded by the revolutionary condition of the
Spanish-American States, and the supply did
not increase equally with the growing import-
ance of trade and commerce. This deficit was
most severely felt in Great Britain after she
emerged from her wars with Napoleon, loaded
with accumulated debt.
While the statesmen and financiers of that
country were laboring to mature a system of
finance and taxation which would render the
burdens of the people tolerable and enable the
Government to resume specie payment, they
investigated most thoroughly the question of
increased supplies of the precious metals. The
debates in Parliament during that period and
the excellent work of Mr. Jacobs prepared upon
the suggestion of the great financier, Mr. Hus-
kisson, shed much light upon this important
subject, and prove conclusively that more relief
is afforded to a nation thus burdened with debt
by additions to the precious metals than much
larger accumulations of other commodities ;
and that it was not important in what part of
the world or by whom this accumulation of
metallic wealth was made. The fact of its
existence in the commercial world was demon-
strated to be of universal advantage. Vigor-
ous but not very successful efforts encouraged
by British statesmen were made to reopen the
mines of Mexico and South America and to
discover new mines in various parts of the
world. Substantial relief did not come until
the discovery of the gold mines in California,
followed by similar discoveries in Australia,
and a general revival of mining enterprise
among all civilized nations. English financiers
have frankly conceded that but for these new
and sudden accumulations ruinous and oppress-
ive taxation would have distressed the people,
embarrassed the Government, and ultimately
led to national bankruptcy. The most glowing
description of the beneficial effects upon the
prosperity of Europe caused by this influx of
gold and silver is given by Alison, the histo-
rian, in which he attributes to these new dis-
coveries deliverance from universal bankruptcy,
if not national dissolution.
Between the years 1850 and 1860 unparal-
leled prosperity existed in the United States.
The assessed value of the property of the coun-
try rose, in round numbers, from seven to six-
teen thousand millions.
An increase of $9,000,000,000 in one decade
beginning witha capital of $7,000,000,000 would
be miraculous if caused by the ordinary accu-
mulations of labor.
Is it not reasonable to attribute much of this
advance to the increased supply of the current
coin ?
Is it not a well-known fact that the price of
labor and property advanced during that period
almost as rapidly as the quantity was aug-
mented by the great growth of thfe country?
The assessment roll of 1860 shows an advance
only attainable by greatly enhanced values as
well as large accumulations.
It is idle to anticipate a similar increase in
the future unless like agencies can be employed.
Industry must be stimulated and values
advanced by continued productions of the pre-
cious metals, or the hope of relief by accumu-
lations of wealth, corresponding with those of
that prosperous period, cannot be realized.
It is a pleasant and hopeful view of the situ-
ation to predicate the growth of the nation in
wealth and population upon the success of the
ten years preceding the war ; for without going
into detailed calculation the debt, which is prob-
ably about fifteen per cent, of the property of
the country, would in thirty years be reduced
without any diminution of the nominal sum to
one or two per cent, of the vast accumulations
which such a ratio of increase would produce.
Every effort should be made to approximate, if
we do not fully realize, these results. We must,
if possible, avoid a decline in our mining
