1944
THE CONGRESSIONAL,GLOBE.
March-18,
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC EXPENSES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask leave to
submit a report from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the consular and diplomatic appro-
priation bill, and I ask for its present consider-
ation.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of tbe two Houses on the amendments to the
bill of the House (H. It. No. 718) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending 30th June. 1869,
and for other purposes, having met, after full and
free conference have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventh and ninth amendments of the Senate
and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighth amendment of the Senate and agree to
the g&mewith an amendment, as follows:
Strike out all after the proviso contained in said
amendment and insert in lieu thereof the following
words:
Provided, That all moneys received for fees at
any vice consulates or consular agencies of the
United States beyond the sum of $1,000 in any one
year, and all motleys received by any consul or con-
sul general from consular agencies or vice consulates
in excess of 81,000 in the aggregate from all such
agencies or vice consulates, shall bo accounted for
and paid into tho Treasury of the United States, and
no greater sum than $500 shall bo allowcdfor tho ex-
penses of any vice consulate or consular agency in
any one year.
And that the Sonate agree to tho some.
h. M. MORRILL,
TIMOTHY O. HOWE,
C. B. BUCKALEW,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
E. B. WASHBITRNE,
GJ30RGH AV. MORGAN,
1'. C. BEAMAN,
Manager? on the part of the House.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The second
amendment disagreed to by the House was an
amendment to transferthe consul at Guayamas
from schedule B, with a salaiy of $1,500, to
schedule C, wilh a salary of $1,000. The
House recede from their disagreement and
concur with the Senate. The eighth amend-
ment was in relation to the proviso of the
House, which was intended, it was said, to
prevent consuls and consular agents from re-
ceiving fees outside of the salaries established
by law, and also to provide for the payment
of the i'eea received by consuls from their con-
sular agents into the Treasury. The Senate
disagreed to that proviso chiefly upon the
ground that the proviso was so involved as not
to be well understood. The House recede, in
this report, from the first part of their proviso,
which was considered, upon examination, to
be nothing more than a repetition of the law
already upon that subject. That is to say, it
provided that, consuls and consular agents
should receive no more salary than was pro-
vided for by law ; of course that is the law at
the present time. The House recede from
that, and the Senate agree to the last clause
of the proviso, which was intended to provide
by the House, and does provide, in the judg-
ment of the committee, that all moneys re-
ceived by consuls from consular agents beyond
$1,000 shall be paid into the Treasury of the
United States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Yermont. I desire to
ask the chairman of tho Committee on Ap-
propriations if ho has inquired into the sub-
ject so as to know precisely the effect this will
have in various places where we have import-
ant commercial agencies. There is one that
occurs to my mind, and that is at Bradford, in
England, where the amount of business, per-
haps, is nearly equal to the establishment of a
consulship; but it is merely a commercial
agency. We have sent abroad a young Amer-
ican gentleman there very competent to do
the business ; and it will be utterly impossible
for him to remain there and live on $500 a
year, I submit to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not under-
stand it to affect him in that way. By the. con-
«ularfregulations these commercial agents are
appointed on recommendations of the con-
suls, and they are necessarily resident within
the consul's district If, on the recommenda-
tion of a consul to a minister, it is found ad-
visable to appoint a consular agent within the
consular district as an aid to the consul, and
the minister approves it, then it is sent to the
State Department, and being approved there,
the consular agent receives an appointment.
He gets no salary, but has a portion of the
fees. Two thirds of the legitimate fees which
arise, under the regulations of the Depart-
ment, go to this consular agent and one third
to the consul. By this regulation the con-
sul, who is responsible for the consular agent,
is to receive not exceeding $1,000 from the
consular agent. It does not, as I understand,
affect the interests of the consular agent. It
was not designed to do so, and I believe does
not.
_ Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I only de-
signed to call attention to it because it struck
me as I read the proviso that it might work
some injustice. I am not clear that it does not
now. I think this whole subject ought to be
carefully considered and a new system adopted,
as I suppose there will be before the end of the
session.
The report was concurred in.
TAX OS MANUFACTURES.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (II. 11.
No. 900) to exempt certain manufactures from
internal tax, the pending question being on the
amendment proposed by Mr. Henderson to
the amendment of Mr. Pessenden'.
The amendment of Mr. Fessenden was to
add to the bill the following section:
And he it further cnaeted, That on and after the pas-
sage (ii tins act, there shall be allowed and paid a
drawback equal in amount to the import duty paid
on all lumber, hemp, (manilla,) copper, and upon all
iron not advanced in manufacture beyond bar, rods,
and bolts, which shall bo wrought up into the con-
struction, rigging, or equipment of sailing vessels of
tho United States, or used in repairing vessels of for-
eign build, documented in conlormily with the pio-
visions of tho act of 23d December, 1832, less live per
cent, on the amount ot such drawback, which shall bo
retained for tho use of the United States, under such
regulations as the Secretary ot the Treasury may
prescribe.
The amendment of Mr. Henderson was to
insert after the words " United States," inline
seven, the words " and steamboats navigating
the inland waters of the United States," and
after " build,'' in line eight, the words " steam-
boats or other boats herein named."
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on tho amendment of the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting after the words " sail-
ing vessels" tbe words " or ocean steamers."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland to the amendment of the Senator
from Maine.
Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I understand the effect
of the original amendment is to give a draw-
back on the materials used in the construction
of sailing vessels, and this amendment to the
amendment adds ocean steamers. Would it
be in order now to offer a still further amend-
ment that it shall apply to all sailing vessels
and all steamers used for internal as well as
ocean commerce ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Such an
amendment is not in order now, because that
would be an amendment in the third degree.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope, theiij that neither
this amendment nor the original proposition
will carry. I suppose four Ufths of all our
commerce is internal. This is placing a bur-
den on internal commerce that it ought not to
bear if the sea-going commerce is exempted
from it.
Mr. FERRY. I shall vote against the amend-
ment lo the amendment, and also against the
original amendment, because I believe such
propositions endanger the original Will, a bill
which I consider to be of immenseconseqnence
to the country ; and I think we o ght not to
hazard it by propositions like this at this time.
Mr. FJESSENDEN. I have no oojectioa
myself to putting in "ocean steamers" or
"sea-going steam-era;" but I will say to the
Senator from Michigan that my amendment
as offered covers all sailing vessels bo> matter
whether engaged in internal or external com-
merce.
Mr. SHERMAN. You confine it to_ regis-
tered vessels. It applies only to registered
vessels or vessels for foreign commerce—doc-
umented vessels.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Documented vessels are
a different thing.
Mr. SHERMAN. It does not apply to in-
ternal commeree.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes; it covers the
whole.
Mr. GRIMES. "Documented" is a general
term ; it includes licensed as well aa enrolled
vessels.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not so understand.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly, il
covers both.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With regard to a large
portion of the vessels, the largest portion of
the vessel^ of any size, they are Vessels that
engage at one period of the year in the mere
coastwise trade and at other periods of the
year, as they may get freights, they become
registered and engage in foreign commerce, so
that it is impossible to make a discrimination.
The reasoning applies to the whole of them
except as to a small class of vessels, and a
very small class, which are in that point of
view, perhaps, of very little consequence, and
the limitation might be put on if it was judged
expedient, applying it to vessels not less than
one hundred tons in burden. I should not
object to that. That would cut out, however,
a species of small vessels that never go abroad
which my friend from Vermont [Mr. Mo-kexll]
would object to, otherwise the logic of the
thing applies to one just as much as to another.
Many of the vessels which are enrolled for the
coastwise trade go abroad occasionally, be-
coming registered vessels. They can give up
their enrollment and take a register if they
desire to do so, and vice versa, by the naviga-
tion laws. The reasoning, therefore, applies to
the one just as much as to the other except as
to the small class of vessels I speak of.
I would say further to theSenator from Mich-
igan, that my amendment, applying to sailing
vessels, covers just as well vessels on the lakes
and rivers as those that navigate npon the coast
and make foreign voyages. It does not make
any discrimination between sailing vessels, but
it does not cover steamers. I think that for
the encouragement of navigation, to reach
the whole benefit that I desire to reach, it
should cover sea-going steamers; but I am
willing to take a part if I eanrsot get the whole,
and I do not desire that any amendment shall
be put on which will hazard that which I deem
to be of very great importance. But there is
no reason for including in my amendment
steamers that navigate our own rivers, for they
have no competition. They are confined ex-
clusively to that kind of business; they are
made for river navigation, and are entirely
unfit for ocean navigation. The logic of the
thing does not apply to them in any way ; and
they do not need any protection, because while
our navigating interest on the ocean has been
failing every year, and is now reduced to so
low a point that we cannot boast at all of our
power in that particular as compared with
other nations, yet on the lakes it has been con-
stantly increasing, for the reason that on tbe
lakes there is no competition in reality. The
report of Mr. Commissioner Wells shows the
fact that our navigation there has been increas-
ing, and it needs no protection. I supposethat
with some gentlemen that is a sufficient reason
for letting it die on the coast as long as it gets
along on the lakes andriyers well enough; bat
that hardly applies, I think, to a just and gen-
