500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
interests, for that will inevitably produce a cor-
responding decline in values and stagnation of
business.
The burden of the debt depends upon our !
ai ility to pay, and is ascertained more accu-
rately by the ratio of our obligations to the
population and wealth of the country than by
the arbitrary amount. By increasingour wealth,
or even the estimated value of our property, we
diminish the ratio of the debt to that property.
It may be impossible to enhance values and
accumulate property as rapidly as has been
anticipated; still it is the duty of the Govern- ]
ment to make the attempt by aiding in the ,j
development of our resources. If the present
generation does not pay the debt, which it
ought not to do, it should grow rich and pros-
perous, so that the next may have the means
of easy and speedy liquidation. i
The failure of our mines and consequent 1
stringency of the money market will so embar-
rass the business of the country that the pay-
ment of the interest will be exceedingly op-
pressive. ;
While commerce with foreign nations is im-
portant, it is not desirable for the United States
to be ambitious to supply the factories of
Europe with raw material to secure a foreign
trade.
The exportation of such articles as are not
capable of being materially enhanced in value (
by the cheap labor of Europe will not deprive |
the p®or in America of employment. Refined |i
gold is the best commodity for export. j j
It is more nearly at its maximum value than f|
any other commodity except food or manufac-
tured articles. Unlike cotton, it does not come
back to us in large quantities with its value
many times multiplied by the appliance of i;
labor to bring us in debt for the labor of other
countries while our own people seek in vain
for employment. But gold has another advan-
tage as an export over any other product; it
remains permanently in the commercial world
stimulating industry and enhancing values.
Take from the present supply the amount of
the precious metals in existence previous to the
commencement of the nineteenth century and
general ruin and bankruptcy would follow,
while cotton produced a few years ago has now
no existence. In developing our mineral re-
sources we are laboring not only for our own
benefit, but for posterity, of whom we require
the paytnent of the debt; while in producing
cotton for export we are Straggling for a tem-
porary existence for ourselves and for the ac-
cumulation of wealth in Europe. There is
another important argument in favor of the
development of our mines. The region of
country in which they are situated is far re-
moved from market, and the agricultural re-
sources of themselves are liisnfficient to induce
settlements and the development of the fertile
valleys and arable lands which we find inter-
spersed'among the mountains and deserts. The
mines furnish a ready market, enhance the
value of the lands, build up agricultural com-
munities, induce the construction of railroads
and other internal improvements, cause the
erection of manufactories, school-houses, and
churches, and attract all the advantages of civ*
ilized society. It is highly important that these
mountain valleys should be inhabited. They
are more healthful and invigorating for the
habitations of men than any other portions of
the United States. There civilization and free
institutions will prosper. We want the Pacific
and the Atlantic united by a continuous line
of population as well as by railroads and other
artificial channels of communication.
It is unsafe for the Pacific slope, with its
genial climate, unbounded resources, and vast
commercial advantages, soon to be inhabited by
many millions of men, to be separated from the
Atlantic by hundreds of miles of uninhabited
country. The prosperity of the mining inter-
ests is the only means that will induce settle-
ment of the intervening space and secure its
development. Here we have a country that
may be divided into small farms, requiring no
monopoly of land excluding population and
free schools to favor the production of a sin-
gle commodity, which after it has desolated the
country we are called upon to crown king.
No part ot'the United States is more admirably
adapted to the physical and intellectual devel-
opment of man, the advancement ot' science
and civilization, and the accumulation of that
kind of wealth which will benefit the whole
people and relieve the nation from pecuniary
embarrassment than this vast region of mount-
ain, valley, and desert, which a few years since
was supposed to be valueless. The people of
the United States have capital, energy, enter-
prise, and increasing numbers, sufficient to
realize in a short period all the advantages to
be derived from the settlement of this part of
the country. But it is necessary that the cap-
ital, energy, and enterprise of our people
should be properly directed. Reason and ex-
ample indicate that a school of mines is an
essential agency for the promotion of these
objects.
It is always difficult to devise adequate means
for the accomplishmentof great ends. Gentle-
men may entertain doubts of the importance
of such an institution or the benefits to be
derived from it. All plans for the advance-
ment of any great undertaking are liable to be
criticised, and doubts entertained of their
success, unless they have been tried under
similar circumstances. Confidence is inspired
by a knowledge of the fact that success has
been attained by the same means where like
difficulties existed. Since steamships have
sailed around the globe nobody doubts that
the ocean can be crossed by steamers; and
with the examples of the European schools
before us we cannot regard the present scheme
as experimental. We know that these insti-
tutions have sq systematized mining that ores
can be worked with profit which would be
valueless in any part of America if they were
three times as rich in the precious metals ; and
that we send certain classes of ores to that
country at a cost of transportation far exceed-
ing the expense of working them in our own
country if we had the requisite knowledge.
The advantages of these institutions are attract-
ing the attention of the miners of the Pacific
coast to such an extent that young men of
that region are now sent to Europe to learn to
mine in their own country. At Freiberg alone,
where the whole school consists of one hundred
and five pupils, forty-one are Americans. If
these schools have been successful in Europe
why should not success attend similar institu-
tions in the United States?
Every condition which differs from those
attending the operations of such establish-
ments in Europe is favorable to success in our
country. Our people are more energetic,
more generally intelligent, and possess greater
aptitude for the application of mechanics than
those of any other nation; and the field for
their operations surpasses in richness and
extent all mineral fields of the world now
accessible to European enterprise. I am
aware that a mining school uaay at first be
regarded as an insignificant means for accom-
plishing the great ends proposed. It is not
always the most extravagant and expensive
schemes that accomplish the greatest good.
It is the adaptation of means to ends that
insures success. The great school at Frei-
berg, poor at first and never sufficiently en-
dowed, by its favorable location among the
mines, by its consistent course in directing the
application of science to the business of min-
ing, by its faithful record of the experience of
others may be justly regarded as the model of
scientific institutions in this department of
industry. To it may be traced directly or
indirectly more of the success which has
attended the development of the mineral
resources of the world and the enhancement
of values by increased supplies of the precious
metals than to all the schemes of statesmen
and financiers.
I have no fear of the ultimate prosperity of
that great country west of the Rocky mount-
ains. The rare combination of geographical
position, of climate, soil, variety of product,
mineral wealth, and commercial advantages of
the Pacific States and Tenitories promise a
future grandeur and power unsurpassed in the
history of modern civilization. The coming
millions will develop these bountiful resources
of nature and realize beyond our present con-
ception the progress of western empire. We
may delay by neglect the realization of this
manifest destiny. We may deprive the present
generation of its share of the benefits of this
common heritage to them and to posterity. We
may allow the full weight of our national debt
incurred for us and for them to fall upon the
East unaided by the timely relief proffered by
the West. We may allow that country to
struggle on, neglected and unaided, until it
shall have worked out a glorious destiny for
itself which the Atlantic States will not feel
was the result of common effort. It is impos-
sible for that destiny to be achieved in time to
relieve existing embarrassments without the
cordial cooperation of the Government.
I do not place this in the light of a favor
asked ; I do not wish to make further drafts
upon our already depleted Treasury ; but I
present a proposition of primary necessity
which to my mind promises more relief to the
finances of the country, more permanent ad-
vantage to its material prosperity, than any
measure yet suggested. It also promises more
benefits to science and civilization than any
expenditure heretofore made for the diffusion
of knowledge. What we gain in this direction
we shall never lose. Its influence will be per-
manent. The supply of the precious metals
will be continued; the accumulation of knowl-
edge will be preserved and those whom we
educate will pursue the exploration ofnew fields
of wealth after we shall have passed away. The
prosperity and power of this nation must depend
upon its people, its civilization and the devel-
opment of its natural resources. While it is
the duty of the Government to reject ill-digested
and extravagant schemes for public improve-
ment, it can at no time safely disregard these
elementary agencies, so inconsiderable in their
cost, for the advancement of science and the
increase of material wealth, which the expe-
rience of the world has demonstrated to be
indispensable.
I cannot believe that this nation will fail to
realize the advantages of its boundless natural
wealth. While the aid of the Government is
extended to agriculture and commerce it is
unreasonable to suppose it will be withheld
from the development of its mineral resources.
Our mines have been hidfrom the foundation
of the world and revealed at a time when these
treasures were most needed in solving the great
problem of free government in America. Simul-
taneously with the breaking ont of the war
discoveries of veins commenced east of the
Sierra Nevadas. While the war progressed
with its horrors, sacrifice of life and property
and accumulation of debt the western pioneer
was exploring a continent of unknown wealth,
from which resources maybe realized to repair
the loss of property, relievo the burdens and
open a new career of prosperity to the nation.
The progress of events in the last few years has
been controlled by a higher agency than man.
Previous to the war there was no pressing
necessity in the United States for supplies of
the precious metals beyond what could be
realized by unskilled labor from the placers
of California, but as our wants were multi-
plied new fields of wealth and enterprise were
unfolded in regions formerly regarded as desti-
tute of resources and unsuited to the habita-
tion of man. These treasures are denied to
the indolent, the timid, and the ignorant.
Nature has interposed barriers of mountains
and deserts as if to exclude idleness and inca-
pacity ; she has imbedded her treasures in
rock-ribbed vaults and mingled them with
rebellious combinations as if to invite enter-
prise and intelligence. It would be dangerous
to the morals of society if this vast wealth
could be attained without effort. The neces-
sity for skilled labor and scientific education
