i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"I promise to pay C. D. $1,000," it would be
enforced in the money which is now the only
legal tender ; and thus the debtor would be
absolutely ruined by being required to pay
that for which he received probably but a
trifling benefit.
This was the reason that induced the people
of Georgia in framing this constitution to insert
what they called the relief clause; and I say
to Senators that tens of thousands of people
will be utterly ruined forever if there is no
power in the State of Georgia to protect them
against contracts made between eaoli other
during the war and before the war. The war
operated as a great scourge  
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator from Ohio if the case of Georgia in
that respect is different from that of any other
rebel State, and if this provision is not neces-
sary in the other States, why is it necessary in
Georgia?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know what pro-
visions have been made or may be made in the
other States.
Mr. MORTON. There are none such. •
Mr. SHERMAN; But here is the case of
Georgia, and it is presented to us by their con-
stitution. These people have met together
and framed a constitution, which we declare to
be republican in form. They have adopted a
certain regulation in regard to the law of
debtor and creditor. Now, you propose to
strike out that provision of their constitution.
Why? It governs them alone; it is a local
matter ; it will affect only-local contracts there
at home. Why should you interfere with it?
it does not involve the right of the individual
citizen to any of those great rights which we
may protect as necessary to constitute a repub-
lican form of government. It is only the reg-
ulation of the law of debtor and creditor. It
does not affect the rights of great classes of
citizens. It is not one of those fundamental
conditions that it is necessary for Congress to
watch over and guard. It is simply the regu-
lation of the enforcement of contracts. Why,
therefore, interfere with it? When we go
beyond securing the enforcement of the guar-
anty of republican government, which we have
the power to do, when we undertake to legis-
late for them upon matters on which they have
passed, we transcend our bounds.
I know that Senators may say that this relief
clause would affect or tend to affect that clause
of the Constitution of the United States which
says that no State shall impair the obligation
of a contract. If that provision of the Consti-
tution of the United States is affected at all by
this clause of the constitution of Georgia, the
latter clause is entirely null. If the courts of
the United States hold that this clause does
impair the obligation of contracts within the
meaning of the Constitution of the United
States, what business have we with it here? It
is a matter for the courts to pass upon. If
this is unconstitutional so far as a citizen out-
side of the bounds of Georgia is concerned, of
course the courts will maintain the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and no act of the
people of Georgia, either in forming a con-
stitution or in framing a law can affect the
right.
It seems to me that you propose to under-
take to change the constitution of the State
of Georgia in a vital matter upon which they
have passed. The very large vote which the
honorable Senator fiom Illinois yesterday
quoted as having been cast in Georgia, was
cast and induced probably and mainly by this !
very clause; and yet now you propose to 1
change it without resubmitting to them the
constitution. You propose to allow the Le-
gislature of the State to strike out what the
people regard as a material and fundamental
principle of their constitution. It seems to
me it is better and wiser for us to leave this
matter to the people of Georgia, and if this
provision of the State constitution shall be
found to be in conflict in any respect with the
Constitution of the United States, the courts
will attend to that and protect the citizens of
the United States or the citizens of Georgia
from an unconditional act.
There is only one other observation I wish to
make. I have letters here from different per-
sons, amongthe rest one from Governor Brown,
stating that this relief clause entered largely
into the support of the constitution, and that
the people of Georgia voted in a large measure
in the hope that this provision would be adopted.
I will say now tha^if I were a member of the
convention of Georgia I would not have put
this provision in the constitution. I would
have simply inserted, if it was at all necessary,
some reasonable limitation on the statute of
limitations, permanent in its character, if you
please.
I have already said, Mr. President, all that
I deem necessary. So far as I am concerned,
I desire to avoid interfering at all with the right
of these people to form their own government
in their own way except where it is absolutely
essential to protect the constitutional rights of
other citizens of the United States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Before the
Senator from Ohio sits down, I desire to ask
him a question, as this is rather an interesting
subject. I desire to know what effect this
provision of the Georgia constitution would
have, as 1 understand there is a large amount
of indebtedness due by persons in Georgia to
citizens in the North, contracted prior to the
war. Would it not have the effect to wipe out
those contracts?
Mr. SHERMAN. It would have undoubt-
edly the effect of a statute of limitations."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then 1 desire
to ask the Senator another question ; whether
the bonds that were issued by railroad com-
panies prior to 1865 would also be wiped out ?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir. I answered the
Senator wrong before. All those are provided
for by the exceptions. The third exception
provides expressly for " suits against corpora-
tions in their corporate capacity." All rights
against corporations are carefully reserved ;
and the Senator will observe, if he will read
the exceptions, that nearly all the cases of
what are called privileged debts, or favored
debts in law, cases growing out of trusts or
confidential or fiduciary relations, are pre-
served. The power of the Legislature to give
jurisdiction in all other cases is carefully
reserved; but the case of corporations is
expressly provided for.
Mr. Wfl/LTAMS. I wish simply to say
that I think my honorable friend from Ohio
was mistaken in his other answer to the Sen-
ator from Vermont. If there are any cred-
itors in the North of persons living in the State
of Georgia, suit may be brought in the courts
of the United States upon those claims, and
this constitutional provision does not in any
way interfere with the recovery of any claim
that is due from a citizen of the State of
Georgia to a citizen of any other State in the
Union.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 desire to
ask the Senator from Oregon whether the
courts would be justified in so deciding after
Congress have passed upon this constitution?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not suppose there is
any question about that. Certainly the mere
recognition of this Stale aud the approval of
this constitution is in no respect a law of Con-
gress that would govern the courts of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the
authority by which Congress declares these
clauses null and void in this particular case, is
to be found in a provision in the constitution
of Georgia itself. The people of the State of
Georgia, when they adopted their constitution
in convention and ratified it at the polls, pro-
vided that Congress might accept the constitu-
tion with conditions. That provision will be
found in section eleven of article eleven :
"•'Should this constitution be ratified by the people
and Congress neeept the samp with any ijunUtifations
or conditions, the government herein provided tor,
and the officers elected shall nevertheless exist aRd
continue in the exercise of their several functions as
the government of this State, so far as the same may
be consistent with the action of the Unitod States in
the premises."
I suppose it was competent for the people
of Georgia to authorize the Congress of the
United States, if they thought proper, in the
adoption of the constitution to impose condi-
tions, and one of the conditions that is pro-
posed by the bill as it passed the House of
Representatives and as it is reported to this
body by the Committee on the Judiciary,
declares null and void the first and third subdi-
visions of the seventeenth section of the fifth
article, with the exception of the proviso.
The ground.upon which that is done, I will
say to the Senator from Ohio, is this: that this
clause which he has read and which declares
that no court in the State of Georgia shall take
jurisdiction of any cause of action which arose
prior to 1865 is unconstitutional; it is contrary
to the Constitution of the United States. It
impairs directly the obligation of contracts,
which no State can do by the passage of any
law or by a provision in its constitution, or
otherwise. It is not a limitation, let me say to
the Senator from Ohio, that prescribes a time
for the future, declares that after a certain
length of time a debt shall be presumed to have
been paid, or a debt cannot be enforced where
the statute of limitations is interposed. But a
statute of limitations which gave no time within
which a contract could be enforced would be
held unconstitutional everywhere, I apprehend.
Although the Legislature has a right to regu-
late the remedy, Legislatures cannot destroy
the remedy; that impairs the contract. A
contract is valueless unless it can be enforced.
There must be in it the reciprocal obligation,
and some way of enforcing it, or else the con-
tract is valueless. Here is a provision which
inhibits the courts of Georgia from taking
jurisdiction of any cause of action which arose
prior to 1865, and forbids any ministerial officer
in that State from executing any process to
enforce a contract originating before that
period.
But, says the Senator, this is a long time;
it is seven years since the war began. Does
not the Senator know that during those seven
years debts could not be collected ; and is not
that to be taken out of the time that the statute
would be running, even if it were a statute of
limitations, which this is not at all? It seemed
to the committee that this provision was pal-
pably unconstitutional.
But it has been suggested that the United
States courts could have jurisdiction in^ favor
of non-residents. That would only be in case
the amount was sufficient to authorize the
United States courts to take jurisdiction.
Mr. HOWARD. Five hundred dollars.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What will you do with
a debt that amounts to but §100? Is the poor
^man. the creditor who has a debt of only $400,
to lose it?
But the Senator from Ohio goes on'and says
that striking out this provision will be ruin to
the people of Georgia. If he will look at
another clause of the constitution of Georgia
he will see that it provides for a homestead
exemption of §3,000 in specie, that cannot be
touched for any debt. That is u pretty good
protection to the poor people of Georgia.
Mr. CONKLING. And they can pass ex-
emption laws as to personal property besides.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Here is the exemption :
" Each head of a family, or guardian ortni-stee of a
family of minor children shall be entitled to a home-
stead of realty to the value of s'2.000 m specie ana
personal property to the value of $1.001)in specie, both
to be valued at the time they are set apart. And no
couit or ministerial officer in this State shall ever
have jurisdiction or authority to enforce any luu;?--
ment, decree, or execution against said propeity so
set apart.''
Three thousand dollars in specie! There is
a protection that will prevent the people of
Georgia from being ruiiied by the oppression
of creditors. It seems to me if the Congress
of the United States were to sanction such a
