1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
erous and statesmanlike view of the whole
question which ought to be considered in refer-
ence to this matter.
Mr. HENDERSON. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator a question. If his amendmenfcbe adopted
will it not permit the drawback to be paid to
a ship-builder in Maine even though he is build-
ing a ship for a foreign owner? ■ Suppose a
builder in Maine should be building a vessel
for somebody abroad, in England or elsewhere,
dees not the amendment give him drawback?
. Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly; there is no
doubt about that in the case supposed; and I
do not know_ of any objection in the world, so
far as that is concerned, to encouraging the
building of ships in this country even to be
sold to foreigners. Take the fact as it is. now:
the cost of a steamer, for instance, has been
stated, and you may infer something of the
cost of sailing vessels from that. Why is it
that our foreign steam navigation is so small
comparatively as to amount to nothing ? On
the Clyde they can build a steamer for $500,-
000 which would cost us more than double that
sum to build here. The same comparison
holds good to some extent as to sailing vessels.
In old times we used to build a great many
steamers and sailing vessels; our ship-yards
were full and our men were employed for for-
eigners. Was it not of great advantage to this
country in every point of view?
Mr. "HENDERSON. Certainly.
■ Ir. FESSENDEN. I should like to see
that time return. We cannot do it now for
the reason that the expense of building steam-
ers is so enormous, and the expense of build-
ing sailing vessels is comparatively as great;
and, in addition to the general competition in
that particular, we meet with the same compe-
tition that I spoke of yesterday, upon our own
immediate border, in reference to our neigh-
bors in the British provinces.
Now, sir, allow me to say a word in answer
to the remark made by my honorable friend
from Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry.] The great
interest of the people of my State is their navi-
gating interest. They are not the only State
interested in navigation, because the same rule
holds good in a greater or less degree all along
the Atlantic border, throughout the eastern
section of the country, as it is called. Is that
to be sacrificed? My friend says he cannot
vote for .this amendment because the bill is an
important bill, and he does not wish to load it
down. Suppose we should apply the same rea-
soning to every bill that is brought in here,
and say, "We will have nothing except the
particular thing, because we may put it in
peril." The great interests of Connecticut aro
manufacturing interests, I know; and, there-
fore, the Senator cannot vote for anything
which endangers the bill that he considers is
for the benefit of manufactures. So fer as that
is concerned, my answer is that when you aro
legislating, if you wish to legislate fairly and
keep good feeling and a common intent, you
must have some regard to other peculiar inter-
ests as well as those in which you are particu-
larly concerned.
As I remarked yesterday, a large portion of
my State has no direct interest in manufac-
tures ; it is naturally for free trade ; but you
never find Senators and Representatives from
that State, or any portion of them, advocating
free trade doctrines or withholding their votes
ever from all that is necessary in order to sus-
tain the manufactures ef the country, or, more
properly speaking, the labor of the country, in
every possible way. Certainly no man has gone
further than I have in that respect: but will
you force me to resort to the principle of free
trade because that is the dire'et interest of a
large portion of my people and their feeling?
Will you do it by refusing the same encourage-
ment to their labor which you are so anxious,
and which I, too, am anxious to secure for that
which is more particularly interesting to-you?
That is not, my honorable friend will permit
ipe to say, either a magnanimous or a generous
view to take of legislation. I do not wish to
come to; it I never- wish to be pushed to tke
point, so long as I am in Congress, by any view
that I am compelled to take by the action of
others, of acting on what would look like a
sectional view in any sense of the word. I
believe I never have been influenced by it
hitherto, and I -hope that so long as I may have
the misfortune to remain in public life 1 never
maybe. All I ask of Senators is, that while they
are considering the peculiar interest of their
own seotion, they may consider those which are
more particularly connected with other sec-
tions than their own.
Mr. JOHNSON. Permit me to ask the
honorable member whether there is not a tax
upon the tonnage of American vessels.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. How much?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Twenty cents a ton.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, this
opens up a very large subject. I suppose the
two States of Maine and Michigan are perha,ps
more interested in ship-building than any
other two States in the Union. They are both
lumber States and have an abundance of the
material for ship-building. But, sir, Michigan
comes directly in competition with the Cana-
dian provinces, where a ship can be built for
about one half what it can be in Michigan. In
Canada, directly opposite Detroit, they pay two
dollars a day to ship-carpenters when four dol-
lars. is paid in Detroit; and all the materials
of which a ship is composed are about in the
same ratio. A large proportion of the ships
in use on the lakes are not engaged in any way
in foreign trade. None would receive regis-
ters except those that pass through the \Vel-
land canal, which are a very small class of
ships, and are being abandoned for those of a
larger class.
While Michigan is a ship-building State, and
while she is a lumber State, she likewise pro-
duces largely of copper and of iron. The
three ingredients of a ship are lumber, copper,
and iron, and there is very little of anything
else. While I would like to protect the ship-
builders of Michigan, I am not disposed to
sacrifice the iron miners or the copper miners,
or any other miners of the country. I am dis-
posed to give all the protection wo can give to
the ship-builders of Maine and of Michigan,
but not by sacrificing any other interest or im-
periling any other interest. If wo decide that
ships shall be imported free and built where
they can be built cheapest, as a matter of
course all the ships for use on the lakes will
be built in Canada, and all the ships for ser-
vice on the Atlantic coast upon the Clyde and
in other foreign ports. I am as anxious as
the Senator from Maine or any other Senator
in this body to grant all proper protection to
the ship-building interest; but certainly I am
opposed both to the amendment to the amend-
ment and to theoriginal amendment, as being
unfair, offering an unfair advantage to one
class of producers over another. 1 hope the
amendment will not prevail.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. While this
proposition is seriously pressed I shall vote
for any amendment which shall seem to im-
prove it. If it is to pass at all it certainly
should be amended in various particulars, in
my judgment. I regard it as utterly fruitless
to expect that it will be carried in this House
and the other, and I believe it will only result
in a consumption of time which will retard the
progress of the bill itself. I shall ultimately
vote against the amendment, however amended;
but now the question is on the proposition of
the Senator from Maryland, which is to in-
clude ocean steamers. That, I think, should
be amended so as to apply only to those of a
certain amount of tonnage, say two thousand
or more tons burden. We do not need, it
seems to me, to give any protection to that
class of our sea-going steamers which are en-
gaged exclusively in the coasting business,
because they have an entire monopoly of it;
but such steamers as go across the ocean to
Europe, such as may be engaged in the trade
from California to- China-,< will be of trot less
than one thousand tons bwdeflfppobably much
more than that, and that class of steamships
ought to receive encouragement and protec-
tion, if any class whatever are protected. Cer-
tainly we observed with regret that oortrade
is now monopolized by the large sea-going
steamers of England, iVance, and Germany.
I desire to see that corrected at the earliest
possible moment.
Then there is an other class of sailing vessels,
that class formerly known as the Baltimore
clippers, of a much smaller burden, that de-
serve protection. Then there is no'use in con-
cealing the fact that the British provinces en-
gaged iti the cod fisheries, by building their
vessels at about half the cost at which they can
be built in the United States, are able to drive
our vessels from the fisheries. Something
should be done, perhaps, forthem ; and on the
lakes we encounter the same kind of compe-
tition. But a bill to accomplish all these ob-
jects, I submit, ought to be very carefully pre-
pared. On a bill merely of a few lines repeal-
ing internal taxes, it seems to me, it is father
inappropriate, and I hope it will not be pressed
at this time.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I shall vote for
the amendment of the Senator from Maine if
that is all that can be obtained, and I shall
vote for the amendment proposed to include
ocean steamers of all classes; and I should be
glad, likewise, to vote if possible to include the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Hkxdebson.]
It is a fact apparent to us all that our exterior
commerce is in a languishing condition, and it
seems to me that the time is opportune now to
make an effort to revive it by all the means in
our power. It is a peculiar crisis, if I may be
allowed that expression, in the commercial
history of this country. By the artificial chan-
nels of commerce across the continent which
we are now constructing, it is perfectly pal-
pable to him who will observe that the great
ways of commerce heretofore regarded as fixed
are about to be changed; that an entire revolu-
tion in the course of the next quarter of a cen-
tury, if this Government act wisely upon the
opportunities presented, will work a complete
change in the commercial channels of the
world. I have taken occasion within the last
six months to have a little map drawn which I
propose to use on another occasion, in which
I have had depicted all the principal commer-
cial ports of the commercial nations of the earth
and have had marked, upon the lines now
existing and those that will probably exist here-
after, the distances from those commercial
ports to New York and London. It must be
apparent to any who will observe that New
York, if the nation act wisely upon the oppor-
tunity presented, will soon become what it was
designed to be in the geography of the world,
the great commercial center, and hence the
monetary center of the world.
Sir, it is a fact observant to any one looking
at the world's history, that every time the cen-
ter of trade has moved from the time the India
trade was first known it has moved westward,
until it lias been thought that it found its final
rcsting-place in London. He that will observe
will see that London is an unnatural center of
commerce and trade, about as consistent with
that notion as it would be to make Albany the
great commercial point in the State of New
York, while New York city lay at the very
mouth of the Hudson river and on its mag-
nificent bay. To reap this reward that is now
offered to us we must encourage by all possible
means our commercial interest. It has had
two great elements to war against during the
war, to wit, it has been exposed to flame and
destruction on the one hand and to the fear of
being conquered on the other, and forced to
adopt foreign flags, until the fact is apparent
that to-day our flag is scarcely seen upon the
great commercial pathways of the world.
Sir, it is for wiser men than I am to determ-
ine what is to bedoue; but it seems to me
