1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
445
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Taxation of Government Bonds—Mr. Garfield.
Ho. of Reps.
wish to exempt from its full and proper share
of taxation any species of property in the
United States, and least of all that kind of
property which is not actively employed in the
production of national wealth. 1 am not the
defender of any particular class of property or
property holders. 1 seek rather to defend the
truth of history as it bears on this subject, and
to defend our financial system from a most
dangerous innovation, ruinous alike to the rev-
enue and to public credit.
Let us examine for a momeut the history of
the issue raised by these gentlemen, in order
to ascertain precisely what it is. The feeling
has been, and still is, very general throughout
the country that the holders of our national
bonds do not bear an equal share of the bur-
dens of taxation, and many plans have been
proposed to readjust our financial machinery
so as to levy on that class of the community a
heavier tax than they now pay. Nothing is
more gratifying to a Representative than to be
able to meet and satisfy a popular demand.
But how to meet this one lawfully, honestly,
and wisely has been, and still is, a matter of
great difficulty. The Democratic party pro-
posed that the State should tax the bonds, just
as they tax real and personal property. But
the law creating the bonds specially declares
them exempt from all State and municipal
taxation, and even if the law were silent on
the subject the Constitution of the United
States interposes to prevent it. In a long line
of judicial decisions, extending over nearly half
a century, it has been again and again declared
by the Supreme Court that such taxation is
lorbidden lay the Constitution.
The payment of the bonds in depreciated
paper currency has been another favorite plan
for reaching the same result; but that dishon-
est scheme has been severely if not fatally
damaged by the refusal of the late Democratic
cnvention to nominate its most prominent
supporter.
Many other schemes, which I need not stop
to enumerate, have been offered during the
present session, looking to the same ulti-
mate result, such as taxing the principal of
the public debt by Congress, and other simi-
lar plans. I will only state particularly those
propositions recently made, which have re-
sulted in the passage of a resolution by this
House, which I believe the House will not
sanction when it has maturely reviewed and
considered the subject.
On the- 26th day of June, while the bank
sections of the internal revenue tax bill was
before the House, the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Pike] offered an amendment in these
words:
"That upon all interest arising from bonds of the
United States there shall be levied, collected, ana
paid a duty of ten per cent, on the amount of such
interest, and the Treasurer of tho United States, and
such subordinate officers as shall be charged with
the payment of said interest, shall assess and collect
the duty hereby levied."
It was ruled out of order as not germane to
the bill then pending. The financial leader
of the Democratic party on this floor, [Mr.
Holman,] came to his support atalate period
of the same day by offering a proposition differ-
ing from the above only in this—that it fixed
the rate of taxation at sixteen and two thirds
per cent. This was also ruled out of order.
Still later in the day, the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] offered an amend-
ment to the bank section of the tax bill which
was in order, and under the cover of which the
three gentlemen discussed their several pro-
jects. Their labor was not lost, though an-
oliu-r has reaped whatever ot glory may be
supposed to result from the enterprise. Their
propositions were embodied in a resolution of
peremptory instructions to the Committee of
Ways and Means to bring in a bill levying a
direct tax of ten per cent, on the interest o!_
the public debt and requiring the Secretary of
the Treasury and his subordinates to withhold
that amount when the coupons were presented
for payment. This resolution was introduced
into the House on the 29th of June by the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Cobb,] and was
passed under the previous question, without a
word of debate permitted. Every Democrat
present save one voting for it.
Though the desire has been very general, I
may perhaps say almost universal, among the
members of this Congress to lay a heavier bur-
den oftaxation on the holders of bonds—yet the
House had been restrained from such measures
as the Cobb resolution—-by a sentiment deeply
ingrained into the Anglo Saxon character, that
it is honest to pay what we fairly and lawfully
promise, and dishonest to refuse. But the gen-
tleman from Maine undertook to remove that
ethical difficulty by assuring the House that
Great Britain has long been doing precisely the
thing he desires us to do. I have do doubt that
many members, relying on the accuracy of the
gentleman's statements, were relieved from
ethical difficulties which would otherwise have
prevented their voting for the resolution. The
speech, though not delivered in full, was printed
in the Globe from manuscript elaborately pre-
pared, and was directed t,o the defense of his
proposed amendment which I have already
quoted. He offers what he calls three " rea-
sons" in support of his proposition. His
second and third are surely negative arguments,
if arguments at all, and amount substantially
to this: that as the Constitution does not, and
Congress cannot confer upon the States the
power to tax the bonds of the United States,
and as he and those who agree with him have
hitherto been defeated in their attempts to levy
a direct tax of one per cent, on the capital of
the public debt, there is no other method of
reaching their object except the one now pro-
posed, namely: to levy a direct tax on the
interest of the public debt by declaring that j
the Government will herealter pay but ninety
per cent, of the interest it has promised to
pay.
The first and only positive one of his three
"reasons'' is that "it is the English prece-
dent." This statement is most surprising.
Doubtless many members were gratified to
hear it; but I know of but one who indorsed
it as true. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Butler,] in speaking of the Cobb
resolution a few days after, said :
"The tax which the resolution proposes is the same
as the English Government impose on its bonds.
That a gentleman in the heat of debate or
without reflection should make such a state-
ment would not be remarkable. But the gen-
tleman from Maine undertook to speak by
authority, giving quotations from the English
statutes, and citations from financial history.
So fully does he assume the responsibility in
the light of history and the law that he has
arranged his summary of the subject under
five separate heads, and has made his asser-
tion as if with the full assurance ot knowledge.
After a careful examination of the question
I am compelled to say that I have never seen
so many misconceptions and perversions of so
important a subject crowded into the same
space. That 1 may do the gentleman no in-
justice I quote his words :
"The income statute of 5 Victoria is very elab-
orate. occupying a hundred and twenty pages, with
ininute details of different subjects ot taxations ana
modes of collection. .
"Schedule B provides that upon incomes iroin
landed estates—and from this source some ol the
largest English incomes are derived—there shall be
levied two and a half pence upon every twenty shil-
lings of value.
"Schedule C is as follows: ,
" ' Unonall profits arising from annuities dividends,
and shares of annuities payable to any person, body-
politic or corporate, company or society, whether
corporate or not corporate, out of any public rev-
enue, there shall becharged yearly for every twenty
shillings of the amount thereof the sum ot seven
pence, without deduction.'"
After stating the various rates of the tax at
different times, he quotes section twenty-four,
and citing subsequent sections of the same
act—which provides that the Banks of England
and of Ireland, the South Sea and East India
Companies, and the commissioners for the
reduction of the public debt shall be commis-
sioners for assessing and charging the duties
levied under schedule 0—he continues:
" The effect of these English statutes is:
" 1. A larger tax is assessed upon the holders of
property in the public debt than upon the holders of
landed estates.
"2. Every holder of the debt, whether resident m
Great Britain or not, is assessed.
" 3. As a portion of the public debt of England is
in terminable annuities, to that extent the principal
of the debt is taxed, and that whether the holder
resides in Great Britain or abroad. Leon Levi, one
of the most eminent of English writers on finance,
mentions this specialty of British taxation.
"4. As the payment of the interest of the debt
is intrusted to the Banks of England and Ireland,
the East India and the South SeaCompanies, and the
commissioners for the reduction of the debt, the
effect of putting this tax into their hands to assess
and collect is nearly the same as it would be in our
case to deduct it from the coupons. I have, in my
amendment, followed the idea of tho British statute
and charged the Treasurer with these duties.
"5. Schedule C provides for payment of tax ' with-
out deduction.' In case of other property it is pro-
vided by tho statute that income up to a certain
amount is not taxed. In our case all incomes under
$1,000 are not taxed. The English limit is some-
what less. . .
"It is evident that my proposition is clearly within
the English example."
The gentleman owes it to the House and to
the country to explain why he drew the au-
thority for his statements from the statute of
5 and 6 Victoria, a statute passed in 1842, and
by its terms to continue in force but three
years ; and which, with the exception of some
of the administrative sections, was repealed
fifteen years ago. The very passage which
the gentleman quotes in reference to the tax-
ation of interest on the public debt is not now,
and has not been, the law of England for fif-
teen years.
Mr. PIKE. If the gentleman will allow me,
Sir Robert Feel's law of 1842 took this sched-
ule from Pitt's law of 1803. Gladstone sub-
sequently adopted the same schedule. He
amended the income law, but it was in partic-
ulars I did not comment upon. Consequently
the statements I quoted from Peel's law, and
which were also in Gladstone's law, were prop-
erly quoted because they are to-day the income
law of Great Britain. The fact is the law of
1842 is the income law that is usually quoted,
unless as to the few particulars .in which it
was changed by Gladstone's law.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will not linger on this
point only to repeat what I have already said,
that the very section which the gentleman
quoted was repealed fifteen years ago, and
except some of the administrative sections
Gladstone's law of 1853 has been the basis of
all subsequent legislation on the subject. _ But
against the gentleman's statements I bring a
far more serious charge than that of quoting a
dead law. He has utterly misrepresented the
law which he attempts to quote.
1. To prove his assertion, that a larger tax
is assessed on holders of property in the public
debt than on holders of landed estates, he
asserts that schedule B taxes income on landed
estates only two and one half pence in the
pound : while schedele C taxes interest on the
public debt seven pence in the pound.
On the very page of the statute from which
he quoted stood in plain print the following :
" Schedule A. For all lands, tenements, and here-
ditatueiiLs, or hciitages in Great Biitain, there shall
be charged yearly, in respect to the property thereof,
for every twenty shillings of the annual value thereof
the sum of sevenpence.-'
He utterly misrepresented schedule B, which
if quoted would be fatal to his case, and he
quoted schedule 0 in fullf thus giving the ap-
pearance of accuracy to his statement.
Schedule B levies a tax, not on the owner-
ship, but on the occupation of land on the
annual profits of the teuant farmer, over and
above the rent he pays. ^ .
There are five schedules m the English m-
