3994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July li
by pursuing the course now proposed, we then, j
fitid ourselves in a condition where we shall |
have t-o pay from twelve to twenty per cent. |
premium in order to get it. What do we gain
by that? Nothingatail; we are the losers in the |
long run. Sir, it has nothing but the appear- i
mice of benelit about it, and that appearance
is, in my judgment, delusive, and nothing com-
pared to what we shall lose by putting our-
selves in a position where we cannot lay our
hands upon the funds within a long* period of
time if we desire to do so. I leave that there,
because I do not like to repeat arguments that
1 have used; but L wish to he specifically un-
derstood.
Now, sir, the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana argues this matter of the real character of
the five-twenty bond upon the contract, upon
the laws passed, asif there is no dispute about
it. He states it strongly. He says in so many
words that there can be no doubt about it.
That, I suppose, he only intends as another
mode of saying there can be 110 doubt about it
in his minil, because my honorable friend does
not mean to say that the numbers of gentlemen
%vlio have expressed mi opposite opinion are
arguing what is nonsense ami folly. Now, sir,
I prepared a while ago, in the only way i ever
do prepare, a speech upon this very question;
and that is by studying the statutes and making
some memoranda ; and 1 thought at some pe-
riod of time I would deliver that speech and
express my opinions in detail and give my
reasons for them ; but my judgment is, that we
have got to a period of the session when long
speeches on questions that are not immedi-
ately pending are a little out of place, and that
we had better devote ourselves to short discus-
sions of the questions at issue. But for fear
that there should be any misunderstanding
about it, I will say iu a tew words—in hardly
more than a sentence—that I came to au ex-
actly opposite conclusion. 1 have 110 doubt
that we are bound by every principle of honor,
as expressed upon tiie paper and as connected
with the contemporaneous exposition of the
thing itself, to pay the principal of every bond
we have issued in coin. That is my judgment,
and 1 do not think I shall change it; and so
positive am I that that was the understanding
of everybody in the community that even if
there was a narrow chance of escape by a tech-
nical construction of the paper itself 1 should
deem myself dishonored, as a member of this
body, if i should take the first step in any direc-
tion that would look like paying or attempt-
ing to pay our obligations of that description
in paper. So that I am equally positive with
my honorable friend 011 that subject.
iMr. MORTON. That is some relief to me.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But i dosay tbatgen-
tlemen may make an argument on the other
side, and although it does not address itself to
my mind, it will undoubtedly to the minds of
the community. My judgment, however, is,
situated as we are at present, with the majority
of the Senate subscribers to a platform which
sets forth the noblest, most generous, manly,
and statesmanlike principles with regard to the
whole thing, that we had better adhere to it
and not even raise or intimate a doubt upon
what the country will do when it becomes
necessary that it should do anything.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I do not
rise to occupy the time of the Senate further
than to say that i do not concur at all in the
conclusions to which the honorable Senator
fioni Indiana seems to have arrived in regard
to the mode of payment of the bonds to which
he has alluded. I believe that I was a member
of the Senate and voted for every one of the
statutes authorizing the issue of those bonds,
and it never occurred to my mind that the
Government of the (JnitedStates was not under
t ise obligations of honor and good faith to pay
those bonds in coin, in that kind of metal out,
of which the dollar mentioned on the face of
the bond is made. Those bonds stipulate that
the Government of the United States will pay
so many dollars to the bearer. What is a dol-
lar? The old statutes of the United States
describe it, how it is made, of what metal it is
made, and how much it weighs in silver, and
also describes the same measure of value when
made of gold.
Sir, we all know that the use of the green-
back as a legal tender, as money, was expected
to be temporary. It was one of those shifts to
which we were driven by the pressure of the
war. No member of the Senate, 110 member
of the other House, as I understand it, sup-
posed at that time that the bonds which we
were issuing, and upon which we were acquir-
ing loans of money, were redeemable merely
in the depreciated paper currency of the Gov-
ernment. I hold the Government of the Uni-
ted States to be bound by the terms of its own
contract, and by every sentiment of honor and
justice, whatever may be the doubts that may
be raised upon the language of the statutes, -to
redeem every bond issued by it in gold or sil-
ver coin, according to the terms of the bond
itself. Sir, I think when we consentthat those
bonds may be taken up, or shall be taken up
in the depreciated currency of the Govern-
ment, when we refuse, in other words, to pay
over to the honest bondholder the specie called
for in his bond, or its equivalent, we contract
a stain upon ourselves and upon the Govern-
ment, wtiose servants we are, which will take
a long tiune to wipe out. The good faith of a
Government is as precious as the apple of the
eye. When once that good faith is even sus-
pected, its credit falls and sinks, and the char-
acter of its people, as well as the character of
the Government, is injuriously affected. Even
if there were a stipulation in those bouds that
they should be payable in greenbacks, now that
the country is reaching a period of peace and
prosperity, I should hold it to be tlie duty of
the Government, notwithstanding such astip-
ulation, to see to it that the honest bondholder
was paid in coin. Sir, I dislike all such shifts
as those. Let us meet our obligations like
men, like patriots, and like a Government true
to its own interests and entertaining a proper
respect for the great people whom we repre-
sent. *
Mr. CAMERON". Mr. President, I have
felt very sorry from fhe beginning that this
question was brought before the Senate and
before the country. I believe as early as Feb-
ruary last the Finance Committee brought in
a bill on this subject which did not meet the
approbation of the Senate, and it was with-
drawn Subsequently, in March, the bill in ail
amended form was brought in; but that has
been withdrawn. And now, ten or fifteen days
before the close of the session, we have
brought before us again a question which can-
not fail to do great harm. It seeins to me as
if this was done purposely to agitate the coun-
try improperly and injuriously to the Repub-
lican party. What good can arise from the
discussion of this measure ? Surely nothing
good can come from it, but harm must result,
because not one of our debts is now due, or
will be for years. It would have been wiser to
postpone this subject until the next presiden-
tial election had passed over, and the country
should be in a condition to view it with that
calmness with which it should always consider
great financial questions.
I am one of those who believe that when you
make a promise you should fulfil it; and I liave
such undoubted faith in the integrity of the
people of this country that I do not believe
there is a man anywhere entitled to confidence
or respect who would countenance, or endeavor
to give countenance, to those who would at-
tempt to repudiate one penny of its obliga-
tions. If you repudiate a part of the interest
you repudiate the whole debt. If you fail to
pay in gold and silver, the currency of the
world, you refuse to pay your debts. I do not
believe anybody really intends to do that. I
have in my life, at various times, seen parties
springing up in my State, when she was in
trouble about her finances, attempting to repu-
diate the debt of the State, and 1 never failed
to see those put down and displaced. I never
have seen a demagogue who, in my State,
asserted that he was unwilling to pay every
copper which the State had contracted m the.
time of her need, that did*not sink into polit-
ical obscurity ; and so it. will always |>e. .
But this is thepraetical queslioui W hat good
can come from agitating this sulsject n<™,1
Why not better postpone the whole, matter
until after the election is over, and then we
shall come here with new lights, with all the
questions cleared off front the public wind
except that of reconstruction ; and tvhen we
have reconstructed the country, as was said
wisely and ably- by the Senator from M&ssa-
chusetts [Mr. Sumner] Other day, the re-
sumptionof specie payments will beeasy. I on
must first reconstruct the country and have peace
throughout our borders before you can attempt
to talk about specie payments. When specie
payments have arrived, as they will in a short
time, nobody will talk about repudiation ; no-
body will moot the question whether these
bonds shall be paid 111 gold or greenbacks.
Greenbacks were an expedient of the war, and
they answered a good purpose then. They
saved the country. They enabled us to feed
and clothe our armies. But they have done
their work, and now they wilt go out of use
directly. •
I wish I could speak more at length on this
subject to-day, for it is one which is most inter-
esting to me, as it is of interest to every man
who loves his country and who has a feeling
of personal honor; but 1 am not well enough
to do so, and I shall content mysflf, if the bill
is to pass, by offering some amendments which
I think will make it more acceptable to the
country and better.for the interests of the Gov-
ernment. My opinion is that this is a scheme
gotten up by the Treasury Department for its
own use. 1 think there is something hidden in
it, something not seen, or else it would not be
so persistently pushed upon us. I remember
that some time ago, perhaps in February, it
was understood that after a certain section of
the bill was disagreed to the whole hill was to
fail. I think 1 remember particularly that we
were told that the bill would not he urged after
that date, after the vote against a particular
section. I am positive of that. But if the
bill is to be pressed, I sha.ll try to make some
amendments to it.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I am very much
pleased with some of the remarks that the
Senator from Pennsylvania has made; those
of his remarks which go to the extent that this
discussion is out of place. But i am unwilling
to let the declarations that have been made by
the Senator,from Maine and the Senator from
Michigan go to the country without expressing
my views, which are not in harmony with
theirs.
There arc two classes of indebtedness in this
country. Some of our obligations are payable
in gold; others are not so specified, and are
payable in the lawful money; and I do not
know how those Senators discriminate between
a portion of the obligations which do not call
for gold payments and allege that they are pay-
able in gold and another class of indebtedness
of the same description, and recognize the right
to pay the latter «lass in greenbacks. We ure
incurring liabilities every day. This is a very
costly Govefliment. The expenses amount to
perhaps $300,000,000 a year, a large portion
of which is payable in United States notes.
It is just as dishonorable, and no more dishon-
orable in the Government to pay the current
indebtedness in United States notes, as it is
to pay other forms of indebtedness, where gold
is not called for, in that same currency.
We cannot—the fact might as well be ac-
knowledged^—now pay our indebtedness in
gold ; at some day we hope to be able to do it.
When we have improved our credit to such au
extent that our obligations will be equivalent
to gold then our paj ments will be in goid. But
our credit is not to be improved by vain deela-'
rations. Our credit is to be improved by
degrees, by adding to the productive industry
of the country, the wealth of the country-.
That cannot be doue in a day, nor by dedars-
