4 46
APPENDIX TO THE CONG SESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 15,
Ho..oi? Reps.
Taxation of Government Bonds—Mr. Garfield.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
come tax, and the profits arising under all are
taxed, and have always been taxed, at the
same rate, except those under schedule B,
which are placed at a less rate, as a favor to
laboring men, the renters and farmers of land.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
ask the gentleman how it would help the poor
man who rented land to tax the rent that went
into the owner's pocket ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not see that the
gentleman's question is pertinent to the
subject.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. How
would it help the poor man?
Mr, GARFIELD. The farmers, the labor-
ing men were taxed only half as much on the
profits of their labor as the owners of the land
were taxed on their profits from rent, and thus
the poor man was helped. A difference was made
between rents in Scotland and in England be-
cause of the difference in the mode of charg-
ing. In one of the countries the landlords had
to pay the tax, and in the other the tenant.
For that reason a difference was made between
the Scottish and English farmers. But the
gentleman from Maine quotes the Scottish tax
under schedule B, omitting the English, which
was one penny in the pound higher.
Mr. PIKE. If the gentleman will allow me
a moment. The English law always has been
not only an income-tax law alone, but a prop-
erty and income tax. That is the style of it,
"property and income." 1 was discussing
the income part. That part contained four
schedules, beginning with schedule B. The
first schedule that the gentleman speaks of
now is the property schedule, and is a tax on
the value of the land, somewhat similar to our
real estate lax of 1861. But by our Constitu-
tution we can have 110 such property tax as the
English, because with us it must be levied in
proportion to the population.
I spoke also of the amount of these income
taxes. Let me say that the largest income
returned under any one singleitem under Peel's
law was derived from this very schedule B.
My statement was not about owners of land,
but simply of holders, of land. The holders
of land hold it by long leases, and are one
class of people, and the owners of the land who
are taxed by rack-rent are another class, and
on them the real estate tax is charged. That
was the reason why I mentioned schedule B
and not schedule A.
Mr. GARFIELD. My friend, I fear, has
not helped his case by what he has just said.
In the first place, he is mistaken in supposing
that schedule A is not an income tax, but a tax
on property. It is no property tax. I will read
from the language of the statute schedule A:
"For all lands, tenements, &c., there shall be
charged yearly, in respect of the property thereof,
for every twenty shillings of annual value thereof,
the sum of sevenpenoe."
The tax is levied on the annual value, the
rental value, the annual income arising out of
it. It is an income tax throughout; a tax on
income, whether arising from property or busi-
ness, capital or labor. In the early years of
the tax there were no subdivisions at all, and
these schedules were introduced to enable
the assessors to ascertain more certainly the
amount of incomes in the kingdom.
Mr. PIKE. I would ask the gentleman
whether that schedule A, so far as it is a laud
tax, is not a tax by rack-rent?
Mr. GARFIELD. Not at ail.
Mr. PIKE. I say that the English author-
ities everywhere specify it as a tax by rack-
rent.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman is quite
mistaken. If an owner rents his land his
income from it is estimated on the rental value,
but if lie farms his own land he is taxed under
schedule A according to an assessment made
on its annual value, and he is also taxed under
schedule 1) for Urn profit he makes from farm-
in? it himself, 'f the income in both cases.
whichbearsthetax. Under schedule A income
from real estate is taxed. Under schedule B
income from farm labor.
Mr. PIKE. Will the gentleman allow me?
I know he desires to state the case fairly.
Mr. GARFIELD. Most certainly I do.
Mr. PIKE. He speaks of schedule A as if
it was one item. Schedule B is one item,
but schedule A contains fifty-four different
items. Among those items are mortgages on
houses, lands, &c., railways, canals, coal
mines, fisheries, iron works, and other items
of that sort, making fifty-four different items
that go to make up the aggregate of sched-
ule A.
Mr. GARFIELD. That makes the case all
the stronger, and the gentleman himself ex-
hibits the fact that the fifty-four items are
items ot landed property, real estate, and the
tax is levied, as I have shown, not on the prop-
erty, but on the annual income from it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Railroads
and canals.
Mr. PIKE. Schedule B, under Peel's act,
yielded £40,769,000, and the highest item in
schedule A was £45,750,000. I quote from
Senior's Income Tax Law.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman's figures
cannot possibly be correct, for I have before
me the full official records of the assessment
and product of the income tax from 1798 down
to 1808. I will quote from it in a moment.
The gentleman refers to schedule B as the
source of some of the largest English incomes.
In this ho is greatly mistaken. Nearly two
thirds of all who are assessed under it are
exempted by reason of their small incomes.
Levi, in his work on taxation, (page 151,)
says:
"Of nearly seveH hundred thousand persons as-
sessed under this schedule [B] oniy ;?bout two hun-
deed and eighty thousand were charged."
This shows clearly that the incomes under
schedule B are those of small farmers, and
not the "largest English incomes," as the
gentleman supposes.
Mr. PIKE. I did not say the largest single
individual income, but the largest income in
the gross.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman's state-
ment is incorrect in either case, whether ap-
plied to individual incomes or (o the total
amount of incomes arising under this schedule.
In Sir Morton Peto's work on taxation, page
i~>, he states in tabular form the whole amount
assessed under the five schedules of the income
i tax laws in Ifc'il:
j! The amount under schedule A is .£131,680,497
|| finder schedule 11  3^,128,296
j| Prom a still later English work (Noble's
M Fiscal Legislation, p. 152) I find that British
j; incomes, exclusive of Ireland, on which taxes
!; were assessed, under the different schedules, in
jj 1SG3, were as follows :
I A. Ownership of land £126,081,575
'' 13. Occupation of land  1'5.052,671
C. Dividends    2i),528,2lr>
!■ 1). T'-ndes and   92.322,^6-1
!l li. Salaries, pension;,   111,403,035
II jLiai.-US.SGO
! From this it will be seen that the incomes
I under schedule B amount to but one-eighth as
i much as those under schedule A, where the
i, great incomes are found, and that schedule B
is the smallest of the five.
!| 2. The gentleman asserts that though under
i| ail the other schedules, incomes below a eer-
i; tain amount are wholly exempt from taxation,
|i yet on incomes arising under schedule G the
tax must be paid without, deduction. In
!; answer to this statement I affirm that such
! is not now and never was the law of Eng-
' land. The very act to which the gentleman
I appeals provided that incomes less than £150
i shall be wholly exempt from the tax ; and if
! any uart of the tax on such an income has been
' paid it shall be refunded. Here i-> the p'^goge
from his own authority, Statute 5 and 6 Vic-
toria :
"Sec. 163. That any person charged or chargeable
to the duties granted by this, act, either by assess-
ment or deduction from any rent annuity or other
annual payment to which he may be entitled, who
shall prove before the commissioners for general
purposes, in the manner hereinalter mentioned, that
the aggregate annual amount of his income, esti-
mated according to the several rules and directions
of this act, is loss than one hundred and fifty pounds
shall be exempted from the said duties, and shall be
entitled to bo repaid the amount of all deductions
or repayments on account thereof in the manner
hereinafter directed," &o.
Under that law, when holders of the public
funds received their interest, the bank as the
fiscal agent of the Government, withheld the
amount of the income tax without deduction ;
but, on making proof to the commissioners of
the inland revenue that his income, from all
sources, was less than £150, the fondliolder
was paiil the full amount which had been with-
held by the bank. The gentleman has evidently
confounded "deduction" with "exemption,"
for he speaks as though no exemption what-
ever was made under schedule C. In addi-
tion to the exemption of all incomes under
£150, there were wholly exempted from tax-
ation under that schedule the profits accru-
ing to six classes of persons : 1, friendly soci-
eties; 2, saving's banks; 3, charitable insti-
tutions ; 4, commissioners of the public debt;
5, the queen ; (i, ministers from foreign coun-
tries. (See Statute 5 and 0 Victoria, section
eighty-eight.) The words "without deduction"
prohibited only the bank, not the commissioners
of revenue, from making the deduction. In
the statute of l'i and 17 Victoria (1853) these
words are omitted, because that law provided
that the commissioners might furnish the bank
with a list of fundholders whose incomes were
entitled to exemption, and from such the bank
should withhold no part of the interest.
Mr. PIKE. Will the gentleman allow me
to make a quotation to sustain my views?
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. PIKE. Pitt's law of IbO'J levied a tax
of five per cent. It was subsequently raised
in 180G to ten per cent., and it was collected
in exactly the way the gentleman says no tax
ever was collected. That is, it was collected
at the bank. And more than that, under
schedule C, it was collected in full, and no
exemption was allowed; exactly as I have
stated. And under schedule D all incomes
from fifty up to one hundred and fifty pounds
were exempted. But the exemptions were
limited to profits derived from trades, pro-
fessions, and offices." Thus the incomes from
the debt were collected in full, while the in-
comes from other sources have exemptions to
a certain extent. I quote now from Senior's
; Income Tax Law, page 80.
j Mr. GAllFIELD. Now, the gentleman has
, done precisely what I suspected ; he has utterly
i confounded the words deduction and exemp-
! tion, for I see that he uses them interchange-
! " Mr. PIKE. I quoted the F.w.
! Mr. GARFIELD. I admit th<3 law says
i i( without deduction/' but il does not say
; ''without exemption,'' and therein lies the
i difference between the gentleman and myself,
j Mr. PIKE. Let me read the very language.
| Mr. GAIli/IELD. The gentleman will lie
' kind enough to permit me to finish my s,ta;e-
; inent. In a subsequent section (scction eighty-
■ ei^ht) of the same statute, there are five
, exemptions under schedule C. which I have
: already quoted, and this proves beyond coiv
\ troversy that the words 'k without deduction
; do not mean kk without exemption.'' From
; the very volume which the gentleman holds in
; his hand. (Senior's Income Tax Lpw,} I c-tu
| show him an instance cited to illustrate the law
!' in which a part of a dividend on the public
!' funds withheld by the bunk was repaid to the
i, citizen when he made proof that his income
| from all sources was less than the amount ex-
•' empted by law. j think I pointed the out
