186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
56a
on hand for that service, but which, after the
adjournment of Congress, was, under the exer-
cise of the power of this proviso, transferred to
the quartermaster's department and has been
expended.
it will be noticed that the law provides that
it shall be the duty of the department the first
week of the session to make a specified return
of tii<^ transfer to Congress, how it was appro-
priated, and from whence it came, but the only
information the Quartermaster General com-
municates to Congress is: " Transfer appropri-
ation, warrantNo. CO, $15,000,000," giving no
information whatever to the uninitiated, to the
ordi nary sense. Then it was contemplated that
there would be $13,115,979 75 from a balance
of an appropriation for collecting, drilling,
and organizing volunteers. The Quartermaster
General made an application, as 1 understand,
for the transfer of that sum; but failing to get
that transferred he is obliged to make an appli-
cation to Congress for a deficiency. The defi-
ciency arises out of the considerations to which
I have referred. The committee think that is
an irregularity, to say the least of it.
One other instance was brought to the notice
of the committee which suggests the same thiug:
On the fourth page of the book of estimates
it will be f#ind that $08,882 40 are asked for
to refund that amount to the appropriation to
the Treasury extension used for furniture fur-
nished to the various offices; that is to say,
Congress having made an appropriation for the
extension of the Treasury, that fund, under the
proviso to this act of March 3, 1809, was used
for furnishing certain offices in the Treasury
Department; which, to say the least of it,
would be an irregularity such as the committee
think aught not to be authorized.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Illinois, to the amend-
ment adopted in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole were concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to sug-
gest one verbal amendment, which is in line
fifty two, page 3, after the word "pages" to
insert the words " horses and carryalls," so as
to make that appropriation specific.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The amount of appro-
priation by this bill to the contingent expenses
of the House of Representatives is $112,500.
Now, sir, I have heard no explanation for any
necessity to appropriate so large an increased
amount. ■ I wish the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations would inform us
how much we appropriated in the ordinary
appropriation bill for the contingent expenses
of the House of Representatives for the pres-
ent year. This certainly is a very large sum
of money: $15,000 for stationery ; $20,000
for furniture, repairs, and packing boxes for
members; $15,000 for miscellaneous items;
$50,000 for folding documents, including ma-
terials ; and $12,500 for newspapers; making
a sum of $112,500 of a deficiency.
The chairman of the committee has just
handed me the general appropriation law; but
the amounts are not added up in it, anl it will
take some little time to ascertain the whole
amount of the appropriations.
It seems to me, however, that this is a very
large appropriation to cover a deficiency in the
contingent expenses of the House of Represent-
atives—exceeding one hundred thousand dol-
lars. In the appropriations for the Senate
there is one of $i53,804far clerks to committees
and pages; and there are two other small items
amounting to $20,000, makingthe whole appro-
priation for the purposes of the Senate, $53,804
Now, sir, in this time of reform, when every-
body insists that one of the necessary things to
be done is to curtail the expenses of the Gov-
ernment, I think a very good point to begin
would be in this very department of the outlay
of the two Houses of Congress. Certainly
we are passing a bill which makes a very lib-
eral, perhaps extraordinary, outlay for a defi-
ciency in the expenditures of the House.
The bill itself makes an appropriation of
$057,000 to cover outlays in the business of
reconstruction in the South. I remember that at
the last session estimates were sent to us amount-
ing to something over one million six hundred
thousand dollars for this object; but, after
debate, the Senate, on my motion, reduced the
amount of the appropriation to $1,000,000,
striking offbetween six hundred and seven hun-
dred thousand dollars from the amount asked
for; and the idea then held and announced was,
that the expenditures in question should be
kept within the amouut of the appropriation.
In this bill, however, the amouut which we
then cut off reappears, and we are about voting
it, as far as I know, without one word of expla-
nation to show why the condition of things has
changed since July last, when we voted the
former amount of $1,000,000. It would seem
that the estimate for that unappropriated sum
had formed the basis for the present bill.
In one of the acts passed in March last we
appropriated $500,000 to cover the expenses
of reconstruction. Again, by the appropria-
tion bill to which I refer we appropriated
$1,000,000. The present deficiency bill con-
tains the sum of $657,000 in addition, making
the aggregate of outlay, or of appropriation to
this object, $2,157,000. Now, sir, at least this
amount is iyteiligible ; but it is impossible for
me or for any person upon the face of official
documents and upon the face of our statutes
of appropriations to ascertain how much money
is appropriated for this object through the mil-
itary appropriation bill. The whole of those
appropriations are made in a general form and
we canuot trace their outlay and ascertain how
much is expended for this purpose of recon-
! struction, how much for the ordinary outlays
of the War Department, and for the expendi-
i tures upon the Indian border.
! | I find, however, in this bill an appropriation
: for military expenses amounting in the aggre-
gate to $12,000,000. This is applied to the
quartermaster's department, for the purchase
of cavalry and artillery horses, Army transport-
ation, and appropriations to the office of the
1 chief of engineers. Of the whole amount ap-
propriated, $3,500,000 only apply to regular
supplies for the Army. I suppose these out-
lays go in two directions; to some extent pos-
sibly to the Indian border in connection with
the difficulties which have occurred during the
past year in that septiou of the country ; prob-
ably a portion of them also to the southern
country. There is no information, however,
by which we are enabled to draw the line of
distinction between outlays made for these
different purposes.
Now, sir, I should like to ascertain in some
way, when we are called to vote appropriations
of public money, how the money is applied
and what the objects are to which it is applied,
and hence be enabled to judge of the necessity
of the bills for which my vote is asked. I
know it is a fruitless thing to resist the passage
of appropriations of this sort, especially when
the person objecting, not having hacfehe means
of investigation, is unable to pursue his inquiry
in detail and point out particular items upon
which there can be curtailment and reform.
With reference to these things we must depend
upon the committees to whom onr money bills
are referred. All I have to say is that, so far
as I am concernec), the Committee on Appro-
priations and all other committees that during
the present session are to bring bills before us
inviting outlays of the public money, will find
ray vote given for all retrenchment and limit-
ation of public expenditure which is at all com-
patible with the execution of the laws and the
energetic administration of the Government,
Sir, we must all bend our attention with earn-
estness and with sincerity in this direction.
We may or may not he able to devise grand
schemes of finance; we rauy or may not be
able to strike the preci0". point where our pub-
lic debt ought to he struck by our enactments.
We may have difficulties with reference to tho
currency and banking systems which obtain in
this country; but clearly one thing we can do—
bestow our efforts in the proper direction with a
due amount of zeal; we can reduce, and reduce
enormously, these expenditures of government
in the several departments of the civil admin-
istration as well as in the military department,
and which are now, every gentleman knows,
entirely out of all proportion to what those
same expenditures were before the war. Sir,
we ought not to have our outlays for all civil
purposes, and I may add also for military pur-
poses, as they now are, at least more than
double what they were in 18G0. However, I
did not mean to go into a general debate on
the question of economy, but rather to invite
the chairman of the committee to some further
explanation of the particular items of this
measure to which I have called his attention.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will send to
the desk to be read, in explanation of the items
for the contingent fund of the House of Rep-
resentatives to which particular attention is
drawn, the statement of the Clerk of the House
of Representatives.
The Secretary read as fellows :
Clkrk'3 Office,
House of Representatives United States,
Washington, 1>. C\, December 4, 1867.
Sir: There will bo required to be appropriated to
supply the deficiencies in thecontingentexpensea of
the House of .Representatives of the United States for
the present fiscal year the following sumM, namely:
for stationoy, $15,000? for furniture, repairs, and
packing boxes tor members, $20,000; tor newspapers,
312,500; tor miscellaneous items, Slo.OOO; and tor fold-
ing documents, including materials, $50,000. Tho
deficiencies for newspapers and stationery were occa-
sioned by order of the House of July 5,1867; that for
folding documents, by order of the House of Repre-
sentatives of July 9,1867, retaining certain employfis
during the late recess, and for materials used in the
distribution of documents; that for iniaeelLaneoaa
items, by the payment of expenses of investigating
committees; and that for furniture, repairs and pack •
ing boxes, by the necessary recarpeting of committee
and other rooms, the purchase of matting and other
material for the Hall at the summer session, By the
recushioning of the galleries and the purchase of new
sofas and extra chairs for the Hall.
Very respeefully,
edwaed Mcpherson,
Clerk of the House of Representations.
Hon. Thaddeos Stevens, Chairman, dc.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to strike out all of the
bill between line eight and line seventeen, in-
clusive.
The Secretary read the words proposed to bo
stricken out, as follows:
To provida for the expenses of carrying into effect
the act to provida for the more efficient govern-
ment of the rebel States: for the first military dis-
trict, the sum of $50,000; for the second military dis-
trict^ the sum of $110,000; for the third military
district, the sum of $97,000; for the fourth military
district, the sum of $150,000; and for the fifth mili-
tary district, the sum of $250,000; making in all the
sum of $657,000.
Mr. DAVIS. The reason upon which I base
my motion is this, that these items appropriate
money to subjects over which Congress has no ■
constitutional power whatever. The so-oalled
reconstruction policy has already cost the Govt
ernment a great many millions; that policy
has done no service to the country or the Gov-
ernment, and it is time that it should be aban-
doned, and abandoned absolutely and uncon-
ditionally.
We had before the Senate some days since a
proposition to abolish the tax upon cotton. It
was said in reply that cotton had produced
$23,000,000 to the revenue during the last
year, and it was anxio«3ly inquired, if we
abolish the tax upon ootton, where should we
supply the sum whioh that tax produced ? I
am ready with an answer. Here is theFreed-
men'a Bureau—in my judgment a subjeet as
much without the coustitutional and proper
fower of Congress as the reconstruction policy.
t is time, Mr. President, in my judgment, that
the Congress of the United States should return
to its reason, to the Constitution of the United
States, under which it derives all its powers,
and outside of the pale of whioh it has no
authority whatever to act. We have an enor-
mous Army that is greatly too large for any use-
ful purpose of the country or the Government,
That Army ought now forthwith ta Ipe reduced,
or a law should be pass^ nmthorizing the Prea-
