44-8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 15,
Ho. op Reps.
Taxation of Government Bonds—Mr. Garfield.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
dent approved by civilized nations ; but., if it
becomes a law, will be a direct, palpable repu-
diation of $18,000,000 of the annual interest
on oar national debt, for the payment of which
the faith of the nation has been pledged in the
most solemn manner.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butucb] in his speech last evening alleged that
our bonds were bought at a great discount, and
are now at a premium, and therefore the bond-
holder could not complain if he should be
taxed higher than the holders of other prop-
erty. I desire to remind the gentleman that
the English bonds were negotiated at a much
greater discount than our own. A late Eng-
lish writer has shown that all the debt incurred
from 1793 to 1815 was negotiated at a loss of
nearly forty-three per cent., and that for every
<£100 of money received from loans during
that period the debt was increased £173.
But for one illustrious fact Great Britian
would have fallen half a century ago into the
abyss of hopeless bankruptcy, of irretrievable
financial ruin ; but for one fact her greatness
and glory would now exist only in history.
That fact is this: that while she had borne, for
a hundred years, a greater burden of debt and
taxation than any other nation, she has kept
her financial faith untarnished. This fact has
enabled her, within the last fifty years, to reduce
the total amount of her annual interest twenty-
five per cent., while the principal of her debt
has been reduced less than nine per cent. In
1817 her annual interest was almost thirty-four
millions sterling. In 1866 it was less than
twenty-six millions. She has been able to
fund her debt again and again at a decreased
rate of interest, and the records of Thread-
needle street show that the British three per
cent, consols have been during the last half
century the standard- stock of the world.
Though the British debt is nearly fifty per
cent, greater than ours, yet her annual inter-
est in 1807 was ten per cent. less.
Novy, Mr. Chairman, I have said all I desire
to in regard to the English precedent. Though
the principles of political morality cannot be
changed by any precedent, yet I admit that if
the gentlemen had shown that the English tax
law is framed on the same principle expressed
in the Cobb resolution, it would be a very
formidable argument in defense of thai meas-
ure. These positive statements that it was so
had a marked effect on the opinions of mem-
bers of the House, and led them to assent to a
proposition which I do not believe they will in-
dorse after a full consideration of it.
I rejoice, sir, that the Committee of Ways
and Means have responded to the order of the
House in a manner which discloses in full the
character of the proposition which these gen-
tlemen desire to incorporate in the law. I sub-
join their bill and report. On the 2d of July,
Mr. Hoopee, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, made the following report:
" The Committee of Ways and Cleans, to whom was
referred the resolution of the ilouseinstructing ihem
to report, without unnecessary delay a bill levying a
tax of at least ten per cent, on the interest of the
bonds of the United States, to be collected by the
Hoeretary of the Treasury and such of his subordin-
ates as may be charged with the duty of paying the
intei ust on the bondeddebt of the United State?, have
had the same under consideration, and beg leave to *
submit the following report and hill:
" The Committee of \Yu$ s and Means are opposed
to the proposition embraced in this resolution, and
report the bill only in obedience to the positive man-
date of the House.
"In the argument made in the Hou>c in favor of
the resolution, the ISnslUh income-tax law was ic-
ferml to and quoted. There is a law, corresponding;
to that English law, on the statute-books of this
country, imposing a tax on incomes ot live per cent.,
w hiiet be English tax is ions than three per ecnt. But
your committee have been una bio to find in the stat-
ute-books England, or any other civilized country,
a law that ecu id bo regaided in any way as a precc-
d-nt lor the bill the lluuse have instructed the com-
mittee to report, which, it enacted, will be simply a
law providing lor the payment oi arateof interest on
the li-oveinment debt ten per cent, less than was
u'Teed for, u*n per cent. Le*s than is stated in the
bonds, and ten per cent, less than was pledged to be
paid by the solemn enactment ot Congress, when the
money was required to carry on a war which threat-
ened the life of the nation.
" The evil effects resulting to a nation, whether her
national oredit is guarded and protected, or whether
by legislation of the character now proposed tbo
confidence of all other civilized nations is forfeited,
may not be feltor appreciated in times of peace: but
the committee desire to call attention to the conse-
qucnces that would follow the passage of a bill of
the character now submitted,in case we should ever
hereafter have occasion to use our crcdifc for the
purpose of providing means either to sustain our-
selves at hoineor todefendoursclves in any collision
with a foreign Power.
" The committee repeat, that in reporting this bill
they act in obedience to the positive direction of the
House and contrary to their own best judgment.
They reserve to themselves their rights, as members
of the House, to oppose in every possible way the
adoption of a measure which they regard as hostile
to the public interest and injurious to the national
character."
The following is the bill, which full embodies
the spirit of their instructions:
It eriactcd by the Senate and Ifvuxe of liepresenla-
linex aftha United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That from and after trie passage of this act there
shall be levied, collected, and paid a tax of ten per
cent, on the amount of interest hereafter due and
payable on all bonds andother secuiitiesof the Uni-
ted States. To seeurc the collection of said tax, the
amount of interest hereafter paid on any bonds or
other securities of the United States, bearing inter-
est at the rate of six per cent., shall be at the rate
of only five and four tenths per cent.; and if bearing
interest at the rate of five per cent., shall be at the
rate of only four and five tenths peg cent.; and if
bearing interest at the rate of three per cent., shall
bo at the rate of onlytwo and seven tenths percent,
per annum. No higher rate of interest than is herein
prescribed shall be paid on any bond or other security
ot the United States now outstanding, or authorized
to bo issued, all conditions of any such bond orother
security, and nil laws and parts of laws to the con-
trary notwithstanding."
The gentleman from Massachusetts, in his
speech last evening, that part concerning the re-
port of the committee, charged them with going
out of their way to discuss the British law, and
said that the resolution sent to the Committee
of Ways and Means was passed without debate,
and under the previousquestion; and he asked,
"What business had they to talk about the
English example and the results of it? nobody
raised that question." I will tell the gentle-
man why the committee discussed the English
law. When the gentleman and his Democratic
friends weie carrying through the measure for
instructing the Committee of Ways and Means
he made a short speech of one sentence,
although the previous question was pending, in
which he declared that this was precisely the
English method of taxing bonds.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
Mr. GARFIELD. That sentence I quoted
from the Globe during the first ten minutes of
my speech.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman is not quoting it now.
Mr. GARFIELD. I beg the gentleman's
pardon.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I said
rate.
Mr, GARFIELD. To show that the gen-
tleman is mistaken I will read, if he will allow
me, exactly what he said. I quote from the
Globe of June 80, 18GS:
"Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts. The tax which
the resolution proposes is the same that the English
Government imposes on its bonds."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts.
fair? Read the question before it?
Is that
Tiere is no question be-
Mr. GARFIELD.
fore it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I beg the
gentleman's pardon.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will read :
"Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, and Mr. Pike
callcd fur the yeas and nays.
"The yeas and nays were ordered.
"Mr. Gakfikld. 1 sitg^ot the tax on these bonds
be made one hundred per cent. That wili fill our
Treasury 'till more rapidly.
"Mr. Bstlkb, of Massachusetts. The tax which
the resolution pioposes is the sraie that the ilnglish
government imposes on its bonds."
Now, 1 ask any gentleman present if this
sentence refers to the rate; and if it refers to
the rate is it true? if the explanation which
jj the gentleman now gives of hisreraark be cor-
|| rcct, then the other remark itself is not true,
1 and he can take whichever horn of the dilemma
j he chooses.
| Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. For a
j single moment. In 180(3, first five per cent.,
and then raised to ten per cent.
Mr. GARFIELD. Now, Mr. Chairman,
that is a most striking example of the gentle-
man's own sense of fair argument. Since 1800
there never was a ten per cent, income on Brit-
ish funds or on any other income. During the
war with Napoleon apart of the time the Brit-
ish income tax was five per cent., and apart
of the time it was ten per cent., but since that
war it has never reached six per cent. It was
less than six per cent, in the Crimean war
when the tax was doubled. Yet the gentle-
man from Massachusetts says in the Globe,
from which I have quoted, "the tax which
the resolution proposes is the same that the
English Government imposes on its bonds.%1
Not that they did impose on their bonds fifty
years ago, but uthe same the British Govern-
ment imposes on its bonds now." I deny that
the British Government now imposes or has
imposed on the interest of its bonds for half a
century, a tax of ten per cent.; and, as I have
already said, the statement of the gentleman
plainly declared that the Cobb resolution was
in accordance with the English precedent, and
that proposition I have utterly disproved.
I say again, after such a sentence as the
gentleman uttered in the House, it was emi-
nently proper for the Committee of Ways and
Means to refer to whatever instructions they
had in the ease, whether in the terms of
the resolution itself or in the remarks of those
who advocated its passage. The commit-
tee brought in a report precisely in the spirit
and almost in the words of the resolution,
fhey were ordered to bring in without delay a
'j bill to Lax ten per cent, on the interest of the
! public bonds, and to require the Secretary of
the Treasury and his subordinates to collect
that tax. And the only argument made in iavoir
of the resolution at the time was the declara-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts that
it provided for taxing the interest on our bonds
by th& same method that the English Govern-
ment taxes theirs. They took their instruc-
tions with the accompanying comment of the
gentleman, and they brought in a bill in strict
accordance with their instructions, that here-
after whenever the Government of the United
States pays interest it shall withhold ten per
I cent. ; that though it promised to pay six per
| cent, it should pay ftve and four tenths per
' cent. ; in short, that it will pay but ninety per
j cent, of what was promised, any law, bond, or
i contract to the contrary notwithstanding. The
1 country will thank the Committee of Ways and
j Means for the report with which they accom-
'! panied the bill, and I do not hesitate to de-
1 clare that the proposition sent to the eommit-
i tee—though I cannot believe that the House
| so understood it—was a direct and palpable
order to repudiate ten per cent, of the entire
J interest on our debt. We owe 81^0.000,000
| of iuterest annually, and the resolution declares
that $13,000,000 of it we will refuse to pay.
! Mr. Chairman, 1 will cordially cooperate
; with any g^u'lemen here in any honorable and
i proper ellort to reduce the burden of taxation •
but on no account and under no circumstances
. can 1 consent to such a measure as that reso-
lution demands.
Mr. PIKE. Does the gentleman cofVnd ibis
■ remark of the Committee of Wm.s and Matins
in their report:
^ " In the argument made in the House iu Livur of
the resolution, the ihisrhsh income-tax law w ;s re-
iorred to and quoteu. i'lit/re is a law con e.-p--.iding
t) that hi.w on th sr itut^-bou^ <-i" Lias
cranny, iinrising a tax on incomes oi live p«-i vcvi.,
while the Impish tax is lesa tnan three perceiir.'*
Does the gentleman say that that is correct
iu fact or in spint or in result?. 1 say it is
neither correct in tact, iu mode of collection.
