1948
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
March 18,
used, not for other purposes, not generally,
but to that extent; I ask, then, will our manu-
facturers of iron, of copper, of cordage, lose
anything by it? If you shall drive the ship-
building out of our country none of their prod-
nets will be used in ship-building in Canada
or on the Clyde. We shall have lost that
•which is of the greatest importance to lis in a
national point of view, as a means of national
defense, and other branches of manufacture
will have gained nothing. They can gain noth-
ing, but they must lose. There is not a branch
of manufacture in this country that will not lose
by the destruction of our mercantilemarine.
The Senator says that ships do not make
commerce. I tell him that they are the me-
dium of commerce; that the nation which
builds ships will navigate them; and that the
nations which build and navigate the ships
will layallother nations under contribution.
China furnishes a vast foreign commerce, and
yet it is carried 011 in American, British, and
French bottoms, and we know that those na-
tions who own the ships have made the money
which has been made in that trade. We know
that China has been at the mercy of foreign
nations, because those foreign nations have
had the carrying trade. So with every other
country that is in that position. And, sir, as
1 understand the facts, this will bo our condi-
tion in a few years if things go on as they are.
Unlike the Senator from Maine, I do not
speak from local interest; I do not speak from
any sectional consideration ; but I speak from
what I believe to be a national consideration,
and I say that the question of ship-building is
one of national concern, of national defense ;
that without a mercantile marine you cannot
have a nursery of seamen, and without seamen
you cannot build up a navy. You have got,
then, to keep up a continual navy, at a vast
expense, for the purpose of educating your
own seamen. Then, sir, in every point of
view this is of national importance.
Mi-. DRAKIJ. Mr. President, I should be
much obliged to the honoi-able Senator from
Maine if lie would give me a little information
about this matter. I should like to know what
is to be the effect upon the ship-building inter-
est of the country in the way of reviving it
if this amendment now pending should be
adopted. In order to get at that effect I should
like to know from the honorable Senator from
Maine what advantage it will be in dollars and
cents in the building of a ship. How much
will be saved in the building of a ship by this
amendment if it shall be adopted?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I stated yesterday that
I thought it would bo about four dollars on a
ton, not less than that, probably between four
and five dollars. 1 have no means of making
an accurate calculation. On a vessel of one
hundred tons it would be about four hundred
dollars, 011 one thousand tons $4,000.
Mr. DRAKE. Assuming the statement of
the Senator from Maine to be an approxima-
tion to the reality in the case, 1 am unable,
perhaps on account of my own dullness, to
understand how this measure has an appre-
ciable value under the cirettmstanccs. If it be
true that vessels can bo bought on the banks
of the Clyde for half of what they can be built
in this country, then it is very certain that a
mere saving of four dollars per ton is not going
to revive the ship-building interest in this
country at all, so far as I can judge. Perhaps
I may be all wrong; perhaps I may not know
anything about it; but if a vessel of four thou-
sand tons can be bought on the Clyde for
$500,000 when the same vessel would cost
$1,000,000 in this country it is very evident
that only $16,000 of the $500,000 that it will
cost here more than it will there is to be saved
by the adoption of this amendment; and 1
am rather inclined to think that a saving of
$10,000 under such circmustances will not
probably have the effect of reviving the ship-
building interests of Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will re-
mark that, in reference to the large steamers
spoken of, built on the Clyde, the very great
difference in the cost of construction arises- in
a large degree from the fact that they are con-
structed principally of iron. Those large
steamers that are built on the Clyde are what
are called iron steamers; and the same rate
of difference does not apply to sailing vessels,
wooden vessels, as a general ru'le. The Sen-
ator will understand that the benefit of a re-
duction may be very great, although that reduc-
tion does not produce equality. While we have
many disadvantages we have some advantages.
We cannot offset the greater difference in the
cost of labor. That is an impossibility. The
cost of labor always has been and always will
be greater in this country; but we have hereto-
fore, to a large extent, made up for that dif-
ference, because our workmen had arrived at
such a great degree of skill, and the result was
the superior quality of our vessels. We build
ordinarily very much better vessels than are
built abroad. We make it up in the superior
character of our seamen and the greater en-
terprise of our people. On equal ground, I
admit, they would beat any people of the world
in navigation. It has been so heretofore, and
will be again when they have a fair chance.
Although the relief you give does not bring
them near to an equality with foreign builders
in the cost of production, it still is a sensible
relief, which will enable onr people to avail
themselves of their other advantages and thus
begin to bring up again this business to what
it was before.
1 do not claim to be practically acquainted
with the details of this matter; but recently we
have had a largo convention of ship-builders
in the State of Maine, and I believe throughout
Now England. They have fully considered the
whole matter, and have made representations
as to what they deem to be required ; and they
recommend as one great step toward resusci-
tating this interest, the relieving it from the very
onerous duties upon the materials which go into
the construction of vessels. Their belief is that
it will produce very much of the effect we desire
to produce, and I have great reliance on their
judgment.
Mr. DRAKE. There is only one other word
I would say about the matter. I feel a great
anxiety not to embarrass the passage of this
bill on which the Senator from Maine now pro-
poses to attach his amendment; and I would
inquire of that honorable Senator whether it
is not practicable to attach the section that he
now proposes to put on this bill to some other
bill in connection with which it would be more
at home; and whether this bill may not be
seriously embarrassed by bringing into connec-
tion with it a matter that does not really belong
to the object intended to be attained by the
bill.
I am free to say that I suppose there can
hardly be a Senator 011 the floor who would
have more at heart the cherishing of the ship-
building interest of this country than I have,
and who would look with more jealousy upon
having our ships driven out of our own ports
by foreign vessels. But I suppose this matter
can be reached in some other connection better
than in this, and I therefore do not feel dis-
posed to imperil this very important bill by
bringing it in here if it can be put somewhere
else without peril to anything.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will reply to the Sen-
ator with pleasure on that point. T am not a
convert to the idea that we are to take it for
granted that Congress will not do upon any
bill what is reasonable and right in itself. I
fear that there is sometimes a difficulty, but I
have never attached, in these matters of ordi-
nary legislation, so much consequence to the
statement that you cannot do what is right for
fear that somebody else will do what is wrong.
I rather take it for granted that if the proposi-
tion is a reasonable and right one everybody
of good sense—and I hope nobody is sent to
Congress who has not good sense—will see
the benefit and propriety of it and act accord-
ingly. But Senators must act on their own
judgment in reference to that, matter. I do
not know of any other bill about to be pre-
sented to which this proposition can be -at-
tached, and this was the reason why I offered
it hero.
Now, sir, I hope my amendment will -be
adopted ; but whatever may be its fete I feel
very much encouraged by the kind words that
I have had from some gentlemen who, instead
of opposing this measure on the ground that
it is unreasonable, say that they deem it to be
reasonable and proper and right and stand ready
to support it 011 another occasion, even if they
cannot do it on this. For these good words I
thank them. I beg them to understand that I
cannot but appreciate the liberality and the man-
liness and the statesmanship of the views they
have expressed. But, sir, I must leave the ques-
tion to the consideration of the Senate, hoping
that they will do what is right about it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the debate
has now gone so far that I trust I may appeal
to the Senate to come to a vote ttpon this
question. I know that this will be a trouble-
some question, and if this amendment bo
adopted it will open the door to many other
propositions in regard to the tariff. If this is
adopted members will be encouraged to open
other disputed questions in regard to the tariff
on this bill, because they may say "If we re-
fund the duty collected on the articles that
enter into ship-building, we ought for the same
reason to relieve other articles from heavy
and onerous duties imposed by the tariff."
Why thus mingle the two questions together?
It seems to me that the Senator from Maine
has accomplished substantially what he de-
sired in having an expression of the views of
the Senate; and I have no doubt, from the
disposition manifested, that at the proper time
proper measures of relief will be extended to
the commercial interest. My own impression
is that the proper mode of relief is by giving
them discriminating duties in certain cases, as
was done formerly under the old tariff laws.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Our treaties stand in
the way of that.
Mr. SHERMAN. Only so far as our treaties
with three or four commcrcial nations are con-
cerned. They do not stand in the way so far
as regards the trade with China.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Our treaties with nearly
all the nations that have any navigation pre-
vent such a course being adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. That reason does not
apply to Asia, where we have a discrimination
now to the extent of ten per cent., I think.
This proposition, to the extent that it relieves
this interest, is simply taking money from the
Treasury of the United States in the nature of
bounty to ship-building. I trust, at any rate,
we may come to a vote upon the question. It
is important, if the bill is to take effect on the
1st of April, that we should perfect it and have
the disagreeing votes between the two Houses
settled before that time. I trust wo shall act
upon the amendment and proceed to vote on
the bill.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, I have ex-
amined this question somewhat. I see many
interests which are relieved by the bill from
the House of Representatives which are suffer-
ing very much less than the shipping interest
of this country. I feel that the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Maine is propi-
tious, and that it is not improper to attach it
to this bill.
Among the things exempted by the list con-
tained in the bill before us 1 notice the manu-
facture of carriages, which last year yielded
$1,116,000; piano fortes, which last year yielded
$425,000; silverware, $88,015 ; safes,§94,000 ;
and screws, $172,000.
Carriages, I believe, are used quite as ex-
tensively as they were previous to the war. I
think, in fact, the demand has been increasing;
so that surely the interest of carriage-making
is not suffering more than the ship-building of
Maine. Pianofortes are used, I believe, quite
as extensively as they were before the war;
and I doubt very much whether any great pro-
portion of the profits derived from releasing
the tax on that manufacture will go to the
