2D72
THE CONGRESSIONAL 'GLOBE
June I
now at the Bosque Redondo, in the Territory of New
Mexico, providing lor the removal of said Indians to
their former homo in the noithern part of said Ter-
ritory, or to such other lands in the Indian territory
west of the State of Arkansas as may be thought best
suited to their present condition and future pros-
perity; and for the purpose of carrying out the pro-
visions of this act, and to subsist the Indians during
the period of removal, thte'reis hereby appropriated
-the sum of $150,000,_ to be expended, if tound neces-
sary, by the Coromissioner-of Indian Affairs, under
the direction and supervision of said commissioners.
Sue. 2. And be it further enacted, That the sum of
£"■3,000, or so much thereof as may be necessary, to be
expended in .accordance with the preceding section,
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated for the pur-
poseof enablmgsaid commission to concludc a peace
with the Sioux Indians of the Powder river, the
northern Cheyenncs, and other Indians recently hos-
tile m the western part of Uakota, now being assem-
bled at Fort Laramie, and also meet the Shoshonos,
Snakes, Bannocks, and other Indians, on or near the
line of the Union Pacific railroad.
Amend the title by adding " and for other pur-
poses."
Mr. BUTLER. I am instructed by the
Committee ou Appropriations to report non-
concurrence, and that the House take no further
action concerning this bill. In the first place,
we have already, in the general Indian bill,
while this was pendingbefore the two branches,
passed an appropriation of §100,000 for the
purpose of carrying on this reservation. I
have since learned that most of the Indians
have gone off the reservation in any event.
Therefore no further appropriation is needed.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman desires
to dispose of the bill finally he should move
that the amendment of the Senate be laid on
the table, which will carry the bill with it.
Mr. BUTLER. I will make that motion, but
I yield first to the gentleman from New Mexico.
Mr. CLEVER. The Indian Bureau has
estimated something over three hundred thou-
sand dollars for the support of these Indians.
It is true an appropriation of $100,000 has
been given to feed the Indians. There are
between seven and eight thousand Indians on
the Bosque Redondo reservation, and if Con-
gress fails to make this appropriation the offi-
cers of the Government will be compelled to
go into debt. I see no reason why Congress
should now refuse to provide thelndian Bureau
with means to carry on the reservation. One
hundred thousand dollars are not sufficient to
feed those Indians. The amount appropriated
during the last Congress was exhausted, I
believe, on the 1st day of February last, and the
Indian Bureau is now feeding those Indians
without having any appropriation whatever.
If this does not pass, the Territories of New
Mexico and Arizona will soon be desolated by
these Indians, for they will then be compelled
to leave the reservation ; and, as they have
hitherto done, they will live by plundering and
murdering the whites in those two Territories.
I hope (his will be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations for the further con-
sideration of this matter. I say the Govern-
ment will gain nothing by voting down this
bill. I hope the motion of the gentleman from
Massachusetts may be laid upon the table, and
the committee directed to further inquire into
the subject.
Mr. ROSS. I would like to have the bill
read, so as to know which way I am to vote.
Mr. BUTLER. I think I can state the mat-
ter better than the provisions of the bill. In
December last the Secretary of the Interior
^ked us to make an appropriation of $150,000
"■^o feed the Navajo Indians during the fiscal
"year ending on the 30th of June, 1808. The
Committee ou Appropriations offered a bill
appropriating $100,000, which was passed. It
went to the Senate, and that body struck out
all after the enacting clause and inserted two
propositions, one to appropriate $75,000, if I
remember right, for the purpose of establish-
ing the Na\ ajo Indians on the Bosque Re-
dondo reservation, and another to appropriate
the sum of $75,000 for making a treaty with
the Sioux and Cheyennes, leaving nothing of
the original bill. In the mean time the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, in the general appro-
priation bill, appropriated^ $100,000 for the
support of the Navajo Indians. That passed
the House, and is now before the Senate. In the
mean time this bill has come back, and, in the
judgment of the Committee on Appropriations,
there is no further occasion for the amount
appropriated in this bill, because we have
already appropriated $100,000. Since this bill
was returned to the House with the amendment
of the Senate we have learned, first, that the
Navajo Indians have largely left the Bound
Road reservation. Whether that be so or not
would make no difference, because our report
was independent of that fact. We have appro-
priated all we think that tribe ought to have.
Mr. BOSS. If the gentleman will permit me
to make a suggestion, I understand the Senate
amendment to propose to return the Navajo
Indians to their own country, and makes an
appropriation for that purpose. If that is so, I
am very much in favor of the amendment of
the Senate. I do not think the NavSjos should
ever have been brought from their own country
and put on this reservation. They have caused
great expense to the Government while they
have been there, and if the amendment of the
Senate proposes to let these Indians go back
to their own country, it will be better for them
and will be a great saving to the Government.
Mr. BUTLER. I agree fully with the gen-
tleman. They never should have been brought
to the Bound Road reservation. But we have
appropriated $100,000 to be disposed of as the
Indian commission and the Indian Bureau see
fit, and we do not want to appropriate $75,000
in addition.
Mr. ROSS. It is costing us about one hun-
dred thousand dollars a month to keep these
Indians on this reservation. Now, if we can
get them removed to their own country for
375,000, or even $150,000, it will be a great
saving to the Government. And 1 know this
is desired by the Indians. I had a conference
with their chief some three years ago, in com-
pany with others, and they begged of us to say
to the President of the United States and to
Congress that they were desirous of going back
to their own country, where they would support
themselves in peace and quiet without being
any charge to the national Government. In
my judgment that is the best thing that can be
done. It would save 8100,000 a month which
is now paid for keeping them on this reserva-
tion.
Mr. BUTLER. I agree with the gentleman
in all he has said ; but that is not involved in
this question. One hundred thousand dollars
is already appropriated for these Indians.
Mr. ROSS. Do I understand this appropri-
ation is to return them to their own country?
Mr. BUTLER. Not unless the Indian com-
mission think it best. If they do think it best
they will use the $100,000 for that purpose. I
now resume the motion to lay the Senate amend-
ment on the table, which will carry the bill
with it.
The amendment of the Senate was laid on
the table.
registers' and receivers' compensation.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced. The first business in order
is the consideration of the bill reported from
the Committee on the Public Lands by the
gentleman from Nevada [Mr. Ashley] ou the
4th instant, which was pending at the expira-
tion of the morning hour on that day, being
the bill (H. II. No. 052J to increase the com-
pensation of registers and receivers in the
Territory of Idaho. The previous question
has been demanded, and the pendiug question
is on the motion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. SeortELD,] to lay the bill on the
table.
The bill was read. It provides that the
annual salary of registers and receivers in the
Territory of Idaho be, and the same is hereby,
increased to the sum of $8,000.
The committee reported a substitute for the
bill which provides that the annual salary ofj
the registers and receivers of the United States
land office shall be increased to the sum of
$1,000. This increase to take effect on the
1st of July next, and to continue for two years
and no longer, provided such increased'salary,
together with fees and commissions now author-
ized by law, shall not exceed the annual sum
of $3,000 to each officer.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I hope ,
there will be some explanation of the necessity
of increasing these salaries.
The SPEAKER. The bill was discussed at
some length on Thursday last, and at the close
of the debate the gentleman from Nevada [Mr.
Ashley] demanded the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Istherenot
a motion to lay the bill upon the table pending ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Scofield] moved that the bill
and substitute be laid upon the table.
Mr. FLANDERS. I hope that motion will •
not prevail.
The SPEAKER. There are two imdebatable
motions pending, and no debate is in order.
Mr. FLANDERS. I ask unanimous consent
to make a statement.
No objection was made.
Mr. FLANDERS. I send to the Clerk's
desk, and wish to have read, an extract from
a letter from the receiver in the Olympia land
district, W ashington Territory.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
objection if tlie subject will be open to full
debate and I can be allowed to answer the gen-
tleman.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must ask unan-
imous consent for every gentleman, as there
are two undcbatable propositions pending.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If 1 can
have a chance to reply, I will not object.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 object to debate.
Mr. FLANDERS. Unanimous consent was
given to m.e to say a few words, I believe.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has leave
to proceed.
Mr. FLANDERS. I now send to the Clerk's
desk and ask to have read the extract which
I have marked from the letter of Mr. Cusli-
man, the receiver, at Olympia.
The Clerk read as follows :
"The entire compensation, fees, commissions, and
salary, for myself and Marsh, the register, was only
$!)J7 each in currency. Shainelull 1 give $90,000
bonds as revenue disbursing agent and United States
designated depositary. My salary ought to be §3,000
per annum, at least. I run the risk of the errors m
court, and counterfeit moneys, and safe keeping of
all Government funds in my hands, and my pay is
not only entirely inadequate for a living, But is and
ever has been a great wrong to me as a revenue
officer of the Government. I have had frequently
over cightv thousand dollars in my hands asdeposit-
ary tor a considerable length of time, and have to
run come risk personally, lor if robbers should pre-
sent loaded pistols at my head demanding of mo to
open the safe without noise, why these $927 per an-
num in currency will not pay for these liabilities."
Mr. FLANDERS. If gentlemen have given
attention to the reading of that letter they will
see the propriety of increasing the pay of this
officer, Mr. Cushman, who is the receiver at
the land office in the Olympia district, Wash-
ington Territory, as the Committee on Public
Lands propose. This officer was required to
give $90,000 bonds for the faithful perform-
ance of his duties, and, as he states in his
letter, lie sometimes has as much as $80,000
of Government funds in his custody, 'ihe
building he occupies is a temporary wooden
structure, and as a consequence henever feels
quite safe when lie is away from the building.
He has to be there day and night, and there is
not a more faithful and efficient officer in tlie
employ of the Government anywhere. It was
stated the other day when this bill was before
the House that the registers and receivers in
the land offices all became wealthy. IIow it
may be in other parts of the country I do not
pretend to know, but I do know that such is
not the case in Washington Territory, where
we have two land offices, and iu each office a
I register and receiver who have held the offices
| for the last six or eight years.
Mr. ROSS. I would ask the gentleman it
' there is anything in the law that would prevent
| his friend from relieving himself by resigning
1 the office?
I Mr. FLANDERS. I know of nothing m
I tbe law which could compel this gentleman to
