se4
THE CONGKESSIOKAL GlOBfi.
January 16lj
ident to reduce that Army to a maximum of
twenty thousand men, rank and file, in my
judgment. If Congress in good faith want to
enter upon a system of wise retrenchment and
economy, and to limit their expenditures within'
their just powers, and as a wise and states-
manlike administration of the affairs of Gov-
ernment would suggest, let them immediately
disband or authorize the Army to be disbanded
to a maximum limit of twenty thousand men,
rank and file; let them repeal the bill estab-
lishing the Freedmen's Bureau and all bills
amendatory or supplementary to that measure ;
let them abandon the reconstruction policy in
the South, which is so flagrantly outside of the
pale of the just and constitutional powers of
Congress, and that has done so much of infinite
mischief, not only to that particular section of
our country but to the whole country.
The people we all admit are oppressed, and
greatly oppressed, by the great burdens of tax-
ation, and they ought to be relieved as far as it is
practicable; and if the suggestions which I now
make should be adopted and acted upon by Con-
gress, the result would be to save to the coun-
try more than fifty millions of money annually.
I have no doubt that these reforms, and other
useful and practical reforms, if entered upon
in an honest spirit, with a view to economize to
the utmo8t the expenditures of the Govern- i
ment, and to relieve the people of the country
froii} taxation as far as practicable and useful,
will save many millions of dollars. I believe
that reformation in expenditures and retrench-
ment might be made at this session to the ex-
tent of $100,000,000.
Sir, I offer this amendment as an initiatory
step now to be taken by Congress to give
assurance to the county of reform, and of
great and essential reform, that in the future,
instead of consulting party politics and party
ends in the voting of money, they shall look
exclusively to the public good, and that no
large amounts of money shall in the future be
appropriated except to national and important
objects, and all within the legitimate and con-
stitutional powers of Congress. I therefore
move the amendment, with a view that this
shall be the first step toward a general and a
great system of Retrenchment in the expendi-
tures of the Government, and to retrace the
steps by which Congress have reached over and
grasped these subjects of legislation that require
such heavy amounts to be annually appropri-
ated to carry them into operation. With a view
to reform this vicious and unauthorized course
of legislation and appropriation I move to
strike out so much of the bill as I have indi-
cated, and upon that question I ask for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. MORTON. I agree with the Senator
from Kentucky in part that it is very import-
ant that we shall reduce the expenses of the
Government; it is very important that we shall
be able to reduce the Army; and I regret that
it is necessary for us to make appropriations
of the character to which the Senator excepts.
Now, Mr. President, if the Senator desires
that we shall retrench the expenses Of the
Government and reduce them to a much lower
figure, let him and the party to which he be-
longs cooperate in bringing about the work of
reconstruction and the settlement of the diffi-
culties in the southern States. Those who
prevented the constitutional amendment from
being accepted in 1866 as the basis of recon-
struction, and who then kept the question open,
and those who are now trying to defeat the pres-
ent system of congressional reconstruction are
responsible for these expenses of the Govern-
ment; the responsibility is with them and not
with us. This work of reconstruction must take
place; it cannot be suffered to remain open ;
and those who try to defeat reconstruction and
to keep it open for the purpose of taking the
chances of future political benefit are respon-
sible for these expenses of the Government.
If we can bring about reconstruction speedily
we can reduce the Army and we shall have to
make no more appropriations of this kind.
But if reconstruction be defeated and the ques-
tion be kept open, we shall have to make
future appropriations of this character, and
the responsibility will be with those who shall
defeat reconstruction and with nobody else.
Mr. DAVIS. If there be any reconstruction
needed I am for reconstruction; but I am for
reconstruction by the appropriate and consti-
, tutional power. What is proposed to be reQon-
structed? The governments of the ten south-
ern States severally. What power is there in
the Congress of the United States to recon-
struct the State governments of those ten
States? What authority have both Houses of
Congress to make governments, constitutions,
and laws for any of the States in the Union?
They have no such power—not one vestige of
it. What power would Congress have to re-
construct the government of the State which
my honorable friend so ably represents ? He
will answer that his State was never in rebel-
lion. That I concede. I ask him and I chal-
lenge any man to produce the authority in the
Constitution that authorizes Congress to recon-
struct the government of a State the people of
which have been in rebellion. There is no
such power—not a vestige of it; and a great
and bold leader of the Radical party in the
other branch of Congress frankly and boldly
! avows it. He says that his party and all of
i this policy now are "outside of the Constitu-
1 tion and he says so truly. He says, in ad-
dition, you must yield the question that you
have any power under the Constitution to
adopt your present policy in relation to the
States that were in rebellion ; if you still ad-
! here to the Constitution you are violating its
| letter and its spirit; and he charges, if I have
been informed aright by reading the news-
J papers, that those who persevere in this policy
j of reconstruction, and who do not concede that
I it is outside of the Constitution and only revo-
; lutionarv, are guilty of the crime of perjury in
i'theirgoaths to support the Constitution. That
■ I understand the great leader of the Radical
i party in the House of Representatives to con-
i cede; and I think it is the simple truth of the
! case. I believe this Congress has no more
power to legislate for reconstruction in the ten
southern States than it has in the New Eng-
land States or in atiy other Stales in the Union.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sena-
tor allow me to ask him one question ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Sen-
ator whether he did not at an early day intro-
duce a bill in the Senate to remit those States
to a territorial condition on certain contin-
gencies?
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; I did not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On some other
occasion I will undertake to satisfy the honor-
able Senator that he did.
Mr. DAVIS. I will refer to that. I have
a distinct recollection of what the honorable
Senator alludes to, and I will answer hirn as I
answered him once before on that subject. The
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Sumner,] a few years ago, introduced a series
of resolutions declaring that by acts of rebel-
lion of the people of the southern States, their
governments were forfeited. In a few days
afterward I introduced a series of resolutions
entirely antagonistical to his propositions. My
friend, the honorable Senator from Maine, con-
fronted me with those resolutions some two or
three years ago. I was ready then, and am
ready now, and always ready to be confronted
by thenii There is not a principle or proposi-
tion in them that I have ever stood in opposi-
tion to or crossed. This is the position to
which my honorable friend refers. I said that
it was the right, the exclusive right and power
of the people of each rebel State to form their
own constitution and State government, and
that if any of the rebel States refused thus to
act, to form any governments, to send any
representation to Congress in the Senate or in
the House of Representatives, folded their
arms, and would take no occasion either to
perform their duties to the General Govern-
ment as members of the United States, or to
perform any acts to organize their own govern-
ments, Congress would have the right to author-
ize the establishment of military governments
under that state of things, to prevent disorder,
anarchy, and an utter disruption of society and
of all government. That is the full extent of
the proposition which I then made, and my
honorable friend will find it so whenever he
recurs to it again.
But I was proceeding. So far as power and
constitutional right is involved,. Congress have
as much right to go into the State of Indiana,
notwithstanding its eminent and noble adhe-
sion to the Union and to its duty to the Uni-
ted States Government, and dismantle the
present government of that noble State as they
have to go to the southern States with their
bills of reconstruction. Sir, my principle is
plain on this subject and has been all the time.
I have always adhered to it by declaration,
and attempted to support it by argument, that
the power of Congress over insurrection and
rebellion is simply to suppress it, and when it
is suppressed the power is exhausted, and Con-
gress have not, then, a particle of authority
over the subject. I concede that the rebels
and those engaged in insurrection may be
guilty of treason or other crimes, but when-
ever the insurrection is suppressed'tiy force of
arms another department of the Government
intervenes—the judiciary—and it becomes the
duty of courts and juries to punish those crimes
according to law.
Congress has but one solitary power in rela-
tion to State governments, and that is to seo
that they are republican in form; and the
whole of that proposition is that they shall be
governments of the same form and of the same
principles as the governments of the several
States at the time the Declaration of Inde-
pendence was pronounced, and in the year
1780, when the present Constitution went into
effect. We had then models, exemplars of
republican forms of government. Every State
in the LTnion presented an example of a repub-
lican form of government. So says Mr. Mad-
ison in one of the numbers of the Federalist,
where he dissects, analyzes, and gives a defin-
ition to that phrase, and he cites particularly
the government existing in New York at that
time as an example of a republican form of
government.
But, Mr. President, I have been drawn
deeper into this matter than I intended to be.
What I here asseverate, and my honorable
friend from Maine will, I think, live long
enough to occupy exactly my principle ana
position, is that Congress has not a particle
of power to organize a constitution a'nd State
government for any State in the Union under
any condition or state of fact.. That is a power
which devolves upon the people of the State,
and of each State exclusively and alone.
The majority in the two Houses of Congress,
under the great excitement produced by the
rebellion and in the flush of victory and of the
powers which they had claimed and exercised
in the conduct of the war, at length came to
the point of claiming power at their pleasure
to abolish the governments of the several
southern States, set up by the people them-
selves under the advice of the President and
with the sanction of the judicial department
of the Government, and under the sanction
of Congress, too; because Congress submit-
ted to those States the thirteenth proposi-
tion to amend the Constitution of the United
States; and in that way our Government, in
all of its departments, came to be commit-
ted to the principle that the States which had
been lately in rebellion had the power to frame
their own constitutions and forms of govern-
ment, _as was certainly and clearly their right
under^the Constitution. The intermeddling
of Congress with that subject has been a most
fruitful source of disorder, of profligacy, of
great expenditures of money, of utter disre-
gard of the Constitution, of trampling upon
the rights reserved to the States themselves,
and of usurping powers that the Convention
never dreamed and never would have thought
