1868,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBiS.
449
40th Cong....2d Sbss.
Taxation of Government Bonds—Mr. Garfield.
Ho. of Reps.
nor in results. It has not a kinship to cor-
rectness.
Mr. GARFIELD. Now, Mr. Speaker, I have
not gone into the special calculation made in
the report * of the Committee of Ways and
Means, and am not responsible for its correct-
ness ; but according to my arithmetic, seven
pence in the pound is less than three per cent.
The Committee of Ways and Means takes the
same view, but the gentleman seems to think
otherwise.
Mr. P 1KB. The tax by the English law is de-
ducted from the payment of interest at the time
it is made. Schedule C yielded during the Cri-
mean war the sum of about nine million dollars
in gold as a deduction from the amount of inter-
est on the British debt; whereas oar income
tax is not assessed on a very large portion of
our debt, there being large exemptions by the
law. The whole amount owned by the banks
is expressly excluded by the law, and we do
not collect, I venture to say, after examina-
tion of the returns, $1,000,000, probably not
$500,000, whereas Great Britain collected ac-
cording to the returns £1,795,7X8 during the
Crimean war. It is absurd to say or intimate
that our tax is larger than the English, and it
will be recollected that the interest on the
English debt upon which the tax is levied is
about ten millions less than our interest.
Mr. GARFIELD. Of course I decline to
go into the arithmetical argument of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, as that is entirely
aside from the subject I am discussing. But
I have never before heard it denied that our
income law is modeled after the English law.
I have shown that the Cobb-resolution is not;
and I say again I am exceedingly glad that the
Committee of Ways and Means have uncovered
the not quite transparent humbug of that reso-
lution, as I must be permitted to call it.
Mr. PIKE. By a humbug in which there
is not a particle of truth.
Mr. GARFIELD. That is my belief, [laugh-
ter;] and I congratulate Congress that the
humbug has not the support of truth, and that
it only needs exposure to explode it.
And now, sir, allow me to say that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts endeavored last
night very adroitly to change the proposition so
as to make a new issue altogether. He said
that the Committee of Ways and Means ought
to have brought in an amendment to the income-
tax law to provide for withholding the amount
of income tax due on the interest arising from
the bonds at the original source, hut instead of
that they had brought in a bill having no refer-
ence to the income law, but levying the tax
directly on the interest of the bonds. Now, sir,
I take this as a confession that the Cobb reso-
lution is not defensible, for I call the House to
witness that not one of the gentlemen who
spoke on the subject gave the least intimation
that they were amending or offering a substi-
tute for the income law. There was nothing
in the resolution that had the least reference
to the income tax. It was clearly a measure
aside from and independent of the income law.
The tax it contemplated would be in addition
to the income tax. Now, I de not propose to
allow this escape from the issue raised. The
two propositions are totally unlike. So long
as we tax the interest of the bonds as a part
of the income of the citizens, no man can justly
find fault. It is not a tax on the bonds, not
even a tax on the interest as such, but only a
tax on such part of the interest as takes the
form and becomes part of a taxable income.
So long as we place income from the bonds on
the same basis with income from all other
sources and tax by an uniform rule, subjecting
all incomes to the same deductions; exemp-
tions, and limitations, we are not only within
the English precedent, but we are on safe
ground of constitutional right, where justice
may be done to tax-payers, and the public
credit will not suffer.
Now, if the House thinks it best to double
40th Cong, 2d Sess.—No. 29.
the income tax, let it be done. The holders
of bonds cannot complain. Income from bonds
should bear its equal proportion. The Con-
stitution of the United States lays down two
rules on the subject of taxation, namely: a
direct tax on property must be levied by ap-
portionment ; an indirect tax must be levied
by the rale of uniformity. It will not be
claimed that our income tax is a direct tax—
a tax on property ; for it plainly falls under
the rule of uniformity. But the tax proposed
by the Cobb resolution is a tax on property—
a special, exceptional tax, liable to measure-
less abuse. Should the principle prevail, to
what extreme may it not be carried? It is
now proposed to tax the interest of the bonds
ten per cent. What will hinder the next Con-
gres from making it twenty, forty, eighty, or
any higher rate ? Being exceptional it would
directly hurt none but the public creditors.
But nnder the wise provisions of the Consti-
tution the rule of uniformity protects every
class of citizens by making the protection of
each the interest of all. The gentleman from
Massachusetts was very energetic in his plea for
equality of taxation, and quoted ajpassage from
the Chicago platform on that subject, with the
manifest purpose of making it applyto such a
measure as he proposes. I suggest to the gen-
tleman that he will find a much better text for
his doctrines in the Democratic platform than
he finds in ours. The language of Tammany
Hall on this subject is explicit, and expresses
in very vigorous terms the gentleman's ideas of
taxation.
The language of their fourth article is as fol-
lows:
"Equal taxation of every species of property
according to its real value, including Government
bonds and other public securities."
This declaration must meet the hearty ap-
proval of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
According to this doctrine the Democratic
party are in favor of taxing equally all prop-
erty, real and personal. Farms and bonds,
wagons and billiard tables, wheat and whisky,
bread and tobacco, all are to be subject to equal
taxation according to their real value. Farms
to bear less rate than whisky, potatoes no less
than beer, corn no less than brandy, wheat no
less than gin. All are to be taken together
according to this new Democratic doctrine and
subjected to a tax not levied as now by uni-
form rule, on the annual value of the income
arising from it, but as a direct tax on the actual
value of the articles themselves. This new
definition of the meaning of equality ought to
be entirely pleasing to the distinguished gen-
tleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I would like to inquire
if the law under which the bonds were issued
does not provide that they shall be exempt
from taxation?
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly. The law de-
clares them exempt from taxation by all State
and municipal authorities. Now, if this Dem-
ocratic resolution means that the bonds are to
be subjected to a direct property tax, it must
mean State taxation, and that is forbidden,
not only in the law that created the bonds, but
according to repeated decisions of the Supreme
Court is forbidden by the Constitution of the
United States. If the resolution means that
Congress ought to tax all farm and agricultural
implements, all property, real and personal,
according to its real value, the absurdity is
so apparent as to need no comment. The
established rule that the States levy direct
taxes, and Congress indirect, would be utterly
broken down. Now, Mr. Chairman, allow
me to suggest that there are two ways of man-
aging taxation and the public debt. One is to
strike directly at the principal or interest of
the bonds and greatly reduce their value for
the sake of adding a little to the revenue. That
seems to be the method of the gentleman from
Massachusetts and his associates. For the
sake of withholding $18,000,000 from the pub-
lic creditors they would depreciate the value
of every bond in the United" States in exist-
ence. The bonds have already fallen an aver-
age of one per cent, since this resolution passed
the House and threatened the country.
Mr. PIKE. Are they not to-day as high as
they were before ?
Mr. GARFIELD. No, sir; I have the
exact quotation in to-day's paper, and they
are more than one cent lower than they were
before that resolution passed.
Mr. PIKE. In London?
Mr. GARFIELD. No, sir; here. If tha
country fully believed that this ruinous policy
would become the law the depreciation would
be very great. For every cent of depreciation
$21,000,000 are lost by our creditors, but not
gained by us. The creditors lose the money
and the nation loses credit. • And under their
system what would be our condition when we
find it necessary to negotiate a loan? and that
necessity is now almost upon us, for we have
a bill pending to fund $1,800,000,000 of our
debt. Nobody expects that we can pay as
fast as the debt matures, but we shall be com-
pelled to go into the market and negotiatenew
loans. Let this system of taxation be pursued;
let another Congress put the tax at twenty per
cent., another at forty per cent., and another
at fifty per cent, or one hundred per cent.; let
the principle be once adopted—the rate is only
a question of discretion—and where will you
be able to negotiate a loan except at the most
ruinous sacrifice? Let such legislation as the
gentleman urges here prevail, and can we look
any man in the face and ask him to loan ua
money ? If we do not keep faith to-day how
can we expect to be trusted hereafter? I have
said there are two methods of managing debt
and taxation. One is that I have just been
considering. The other advocated; not by the
gentleman from Massachusetts nor m the Dem-
ocratic platform, but in the platform adopted
at Chicago, in which it is declared that—
"We denounce allformsof repudiation as national
crime: and the national honor requires thepaymcnt
of the public indebtedness in the uttermost good
faith to all creditors at home and abroad, not only
according to the letter but the spirit of the laws
under which it was contracted.
"It is due to the labor of the nation that taxation
should be equalized, and reduced as rapidly as tha
national faith will permit.
"The national debt, contracted as it has been for
the preservation of the Union for all time to come,
should be extended over a fair period for redemp-
tion ; and it is the duty of Congress to reduee the
rate of interest thereon whenever it can be honestly
done.
"That the best policy to diminish our burden of
debt is to so improve our credit that capitalists will
seek to loan us money at lower rates of interest than
we now ]?ay, and must continue to pay so long as
repudiation, partial or total, open or covert, is
threatened or suspected."
I quote these declarations with feelings of
pride and satisfaction. I am proud of that
great party which, having saved the life of the
nation by its valor, now declares its unalter-
able purpose to save, by its truth and devotion,
what is still more precious, the faith and honor
of the nation.
There was a declaration made by an old
English gentleman in the days of Charles the
Second which does honor to human nature.
He said he was willing at any time to give his
life 1'or the good of his country, but he would
not do a mean thing to save his country from
ruin. So, sir, ought a citizen of the United
States to feel in regard to our financial affairs.
The people of the United States can afford to
make any sacrifice for their country, and the
history of the last war has proved their willing-
ness ; but the humblest citizen cannot afford
to do a mean or dishonorable thing to save
even this glorious Republic.
For my own part I will not consent to any
act of dishonor. And I look upon this propo-
sition—though I cannot think the gentleman
meant it to be so—as having in itself the vpry
essence of dishonor. I shall, therefore, to tha
utmost of my ability, resist it. Suppose that
the credit of the United States were as good
