3998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
foar thousand million dollars; in 1890 over
one hundred and twenty-eight thousand million
dollars; and in 1900 over two hundred and
fifty thousand rail lion, dollars, or more than
eight times what it now is. The people can
then pay eight, dollars as easy as they can pay
one now. This generation has paid largely in
life, toil, and treasure for the blessings we
now enjoy. If we transmit them to a future
generation unimpaired they should pay the
national debt that now hangs over us as their
price for the legacy of liberty and human
rights.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Fessexdex] to the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman',]
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance by striking
out the last section of it, which is in these
words:
And he it fitrtjirr enacted, That any contract here-
after made specifically payable in coin shall be legal
and vn lid, and may bo enforced accordinc to its terms,
any tains in the several acts relating to United States
notes to the contrary notwithstanding.
I am opposed to the enactment of such a
law as is contemplated in this section, because
1 believe it will virtually result in specie pay-
ments, for which the country is not prepared
and of which it has had no notice. The prac-
tical effect of it in the 'country will be that
small borrowers, men of small means, men
who must take money where they they can get
it, will be compelled to enter into contracts
payable in gold; and thus indirectly, and not
in a bold and manly way, you attempt the
resumption of specie payments. That object
is desirable, of course, but the country is not
prepared for it. the people do not anticipate it.
Almost every sebemeof resumption heretofore
lias contemplated a notice to the people, no-
tice of a twelvemonth, of eighteen months, of
two years; but here, immediately upon the
passage of this section, you say that contracts
l'or payment in gold shall bo legal. The man
wlio wants §300 to improve his farm has not
the choice of places to which to go and get
this small accommodation. Probably there is
but one moneyed man in his vicinity, one of
those men that we find in the West who have
gone from tlie East without conscience, who
have no scruple about exacting five per cent,
and sometimes even ten per cent, a month.
Many a farmer will want a few hundred dollars
to carry on his operations, and when he goes
to borrow the rnotipy he is told, "You can
have it; hut evidently Congress contemplates
that in a short tim« there will be a resumption
of specie payments, and I must be prepared
for that time. Now, I will give you this money
in greenbacks, but you must enter into a con-
tract with me to pay me in gold."
1 do not. believe the Senate contemplate that
state of things. I do not think they intend to
do this injustice. I do notbelieve the country
contemplate it or desires it or will endure it.
Instead of "taking the bull by the horns"
boldly and repealing your legal-tender act.and
lettingthe whole country come to a resumption
of specie payments, you attempt to do it in-
directly by commencing with the small dealers
and the men who borrow small sums of money
throughout the country. This will be the effect
of it. They will be oppressed; they will be
compelled to enter into these contracts. It is
true the Senator from Ohio may tell us that a
contract of that kind would beusutious; but
why should it? A dollar in greenbacks is a
legal dollar, and so is a gold dollar. How,
then, could such a contract bo pronounced
usurious ? What court in the hind would so
declare? We have nothing to do with the
construction of the law ; it is the enactment
of it which is our province. We cannot guar-
anty against a construction by the courts that
such a contract would be legal.
I say this is not contemplated, not expected
by the country. They have had no notice of
it. When the time comes for the resumption
of specie payments ample notice should be
given and the whole country placed on an
equality in regard to it. By this kind of special
legislation the small borrowers of the country,
the poorer men of the land, will be compelled
to pay specie, while the larger dealers, the men
borrowing large sums, will be dragged on in
their own good time. I say it is unfair, par-
tial, and oppressive to the country, and I hope
the Senate will reject this portion of the com-
mittee's amendment. The honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] in his very
fine speech the other day, said that the effect
of this provision was that men would make
their contracts as they pleased, and he added,
let them take their choice. He regarded it as
a matter of contract in regard to which each
man would have a right to act for himself. - If
the honorable Senator had seen a great part
of the western world he would find that it is
the money-lender who is a law unto the money-
borrower. They do not meet on equal terms.
It is the man who has the funds to lend that
makes the law to the man who wants to borrow
money. You propose here to give him this
assistance to enable him to exact a gold con-
tract from the borrower. I do not believe the
country expects it. I believe the country will
reject it, and 1 hope the Senate will,
Mr. MORRILL of Vermont. We have ex-
isting laws that require the payment of all
duties in coin, and yet under a construction
of the law, as it now stands, any contract that
is made for the procurement of the coin can-
not be enforced. Is it not reasonable, while
we are under the necessity of collecting our
duties in coin, that the parties who make con-
tracts to obtain that coin may make valid con-
tracts which can be enforced? The Senator
from Minnesota talks as though all the peo-
ple who go from the East to the West are par-
ties with their pockets filled with "rocks" and
without conscience.
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not say all; I say
many.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am afraid
the Senator judges of the East by hlimself. I
believe he went from the East to the West.
I want this law passed for the protection of the
poor men who are going West to buy land,
among other reasons. Men, as the Senator
from Minnesota, who have large possessions in
land are now able to dispose of them at an
inflated currency price, take a mortgage for
payment for the property at a long term ol
years, and when that comes due the party who
has purchased the land finds to his surprise
that he is obliged to pay some forty or fifty per
cent, more than he would have been compelled
to had he had an opportunity to make a coin
contract. Take, i'or instance, a man who is
going to build a house: he cannot pay for in
for a long term of years; he is a mechanic;
if hecould obtain a credit upon that house upon
any terms which he would venture to risk he
might afford to take it and buy it, but under
present circumstances it is so dangerous that
no man with ordinary prudence, unless he is
possessed of extraordinary wealth, is willing
to make a contract payable at any future term
of time.
Mr. President, I do not believe that this idea
of the Senator from Minnesota is at alia valid
one. Every Senator must be aware, I think,
that contracts that are made where the usury
laws are attempted to be evaded, where prop-
erty of any kind is put in above-its value, are
always decided to be usurious; and so it would
be in this case. If a contract was made where
the consideration was currency, and the agree-
ment that the interest should be paid in coin,
the courts, I believe, would hold it to be
usurious.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, Tara decidedly
of the opinion expressed here by the Senator
from Minnesota, and I differ with the Senator
from Vermont. I do not believe when that law
is passed any law in any State of the Union
against usury can be enforced. I believe that
it is in effect a repeal of every limitation upon
the rate of interest now existing in tlie statutes
of the States. I cannot think there is adoubi
upon that point. The Senator from Vermont
says, and truly, that the laws now require duties
on foreign imports to be paid in coin, .and be
urges that it is nothing more than right and
reasonable that the men who have to pay the
coin into the Treasury upon those importations
should be allowed to make a contract for the
coin. He is right; but there is no sort of diffi-
culty in his making a*contract as the law now
stands. He can go anywhere where he can
find a man with coin to sell and buy the coin
and pay for it, and then he has it, and then he
can meet his obligations to the Government.
But buying coin to be delivered now is one
thing and buying coin to be delivered sixty
days-or sixteen months hence is a very differ-
ent thing. The first he can do; the second,
it is the purpose of this- clause in the bill to
enable liim to do. .
Now, the Senator from Minnesota says, and
I think he says with absolute truth, that the
practical effect of this provision will be to
change all contracts from currency contracts
to com contracts; at least all men who want to
borrow will be compelled to borrow of those
who stipulate to be repaid in coin, whether
they borrow to be repaid ^ in sixty days or
six mon;hs or six years. The lender will re-
quire the contract to be redeemed in coin.
And what is the effect of that? Why, in two
months after this provision is passed every
borrower in the country is a purchaser of coin,
of necessity, to redeem his contracts, to meet,
his obligations. He is upon the market Seek-
ing to purchase coin ; he must have it because
his mortgages can be canceled in no other
way; so that your borrowing classes who have
not any ooin at once become responsible for
paying the indebtedness of the country in coin
oy their own contracts. At the same time
your Wall street operators, your speculators
there, are operating upon the price of coin.
The capital of the couutrj is released by the
law as it stands; they are released from the
obligation of furnishing a dollar of coin to any
body; but the borrowers of the country are
put under obligations by virtue of their own
contracts to procure it.. Your coiu specula-
tors have the necessities of the borrowing
classes then to operate upon, and when
coin goes up one cent or five cents, ,it is
the pocket of the borrower that feels it; and
the borrowing classes have then a double diffi-
culty to deal with, the exactions of the lender,
always quite as much as the borrower can
stand, and the ingenuity and the seheiiie3 and
the contrivances of the coin speculator in the
great markets. I do not believe that this is the
way to commence to bring about specie pay-
ments. The capital of the country should
take the lead in this matter, and not the neces-
sities and the poverty of the eountry. The
question is suggested to me now for the first
time. I am speaking to itas from first impres-
sion. I believe the operation of it will be just
as has been stated.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Minnesota to the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. RAMSEY called for t'ne yeas and nays,
and they were ordered ; and being taken re-
sulted—yeas G, nays 29 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Harlan, Howe, Osborn,
Ramsey, raid Wade—0.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattoll, Chandler, Cole, Conklin?,
Conncss, Cragin, Drake. Ferry, Fessenden, Howard,
AicCreery, McDonald, Morgan, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Nye, Pattei.-ou of New Hampshire, Pome-
i roy, llice. Sherman,Stewuit,Sumner, Tit)ton,Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, Welch, Wiliey, Williams, and
i Wilson—^9.
I ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buokalcw,
I Corbett. Davis, Dixon, Doolittio, Edmunds, fowler.
! Freliiifciiuysen, Grimes. Henderson. Hendricks, Mor-
! rill of Maine, Norton, Patterson (if Tennessee, Koss,
i Saul-jbury, Sprague, Xhayer, Viekers, and V a.tx\s—22.
J So the amendment to the amendment was
|; rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend by striking
out the three first sections of the amendment,
and inserting what I send to the Chair.
