1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1&51
sat down with the statement, in reply to my-
self, that Michigan builds more ships than
Maine. I have the report of the ship-building
districts for 1866, in which it appears that
Michigan did not build a ship that year, and
probably never did build one, in the sense of
ship-building. She built some schooners, some
brigs, and some steamers; but she built no
ships in the sense of ships. Her whole amount
of tonnage for the year 1866 was 6,9001®^ tons,
while Maine built during that year of depre-
ciation 73,952^ tons. Probably the same
proportion would hold good now. My hon-
orable friend will see that he is greatly mis-
taken when he classes Michigan with the ship-
building interest in the same sense as the State
of Maine.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the honorable Sen-
ator will pardon me a moment, our greatest
draught of water is fourteen feet over the St. Clair
flats, and not reliably over twelve. We cannot
build a ship, brig, or bark of over a thousand
tons, a capacity of forty thousand bushels.
We call them ships, though they may not be
as large as the ships of the Senator from Maine.
But I am glad to find that in that year of great-
est depression Maine was so prosperous.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. And very glad,
I hope, to find that he is so accurate in regard
to the commerce of the country. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not admit the
accuracy of those figures.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, I suppose
not.
Mr. CHANDLER. I stated that Michigan
furnished lumber for all the surrounding States
for building ships, and Michigan was more in-
terested than the State of Maine, if I remem-
ber my statement.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I under-
stand the honorable Senator to adhere to the
proposition that this book is not accurate; the
statistics are not to be relied upon; 
Mr. CHANDLER. I say I have not exam-
ined them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. And we are to
take his statement that Michigan is a large
ship-building State?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly; that is what
t say.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Well, let it
Stand at that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment,
on which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Conkling, Conness, Corbett, Davis,
Dixon, Fessenden, Hendricks, Johnson, Morgan,
Morrill of Maine, Morriil of Vermont, Norton, Nye,
Patterson of Tennessee, Sumner, Van "VVinkle, Vick-
ers, Wit Icy. and Wilson—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony.Cattell, Chandler, Drake,
Edmunds, Ferry, Frelinghuysen, Henderson, How-
ard, Howe, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross, Saulsbury, Sher-
man. Tipton, Wade, Williams, and Yates—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Buekalew, Cameron,
Coie, Cragin, Doolittle, Fowler, Grimes, Harlan,
McCrecry, Morton, Patterson of Now Hampshire,
Sprague, Stewart, Thayor, and Trumbull—16.
As the Chief Clerk handed up the list to the
President pro tempore, Mr. McCueery entered
the Chamber and addressed the Chair, but was
apparently not heard by the President pro
tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On this
question the yeas are 19 and the nays are 19 ;
so the amendment to the amendment is not
agreed to. The question recurs on the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Fessenden.]
Mr. McCREERY. • Mr. President, I vote
"nay."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I am told
that the Chair was addressed before the an-
nouncement of the vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Ken-
tucky, to my knowledge, addressed the Chair.
It does not change the result.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amendment was
not carried, and he votes against it. It does
not change the result.
. Mr. SHERMAN. I say it does not change
the result; but he desires to have his vote
recorded, and I know the fact that he addressed
the Chair before the announcement of the re-
sult.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the
Senator from Kentucky addressed the Chair
before the announcement he is entitled to vote.
The Secretary called the name of Mr. Mc-
Cueery, and he voted "nay."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
the yeas and nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CATTELL. Mr. President, the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Maine is, I
believe, precisely the same as the one which
was attached to the tariff bill of last year, and
very fully discussed in the Senate at that time
andadopted. In common with some other gen-
tlemen who will vote against this amendment
now, I voted for it on that occasion. I think
it is not germane to the bill under considera-
tion. While I agree with most that has been
said in favor of the adoption of it as a princi-
ple, and while I shall be prepared to vote for
a bill properly guarded to cover this interest,
which is a suffering one and an important one,
and which needs encouragement, yet I am
constrained to tote against the proposition in
connection with this bill. I fear it will very
greatly embarrass the speedy passage of the
bill now before the Senate—a bill, in my judg-
ment, the most important to the industrial in-
terests of the country of any which has received
the consideration of Congress during its pres-
ent session. I greatly desire that this bill shall
not be embarrassed by a subject which opens
up the whole question of the tariff, and which,
in my judgment, will lead to very great debate
in the other House of Congress. Therefore,
although favoring, in the main, the principles
involved in the amendment, and desiring, upon
some future occasion, to vote forabill covering
this ground, which shall be properly guarded
so as not to be manifestly unjust to other in-
terests, I am compelled, in its present connec-
tion, to vole against it.
Mr. HOWE. I rose at the same time that
the Senator from New Jersey did, and as near
as I understand myself I rose for precisely the
same purpose and to say almost precisely the
same words that he has just said. I do not see
my way clear to vote for this amendment at
this time and upon this bill; but while I shall
feel constrained to vote against it I do not wish
to be understood as fixedly opposed to the
principle incorporated in the amendment. I
do not quite see my way clear to afford the
protection to this peculiar business of ship
building which I concede it ought to have; I
would be glad to give it, but I hope to find the
way open to afford the necessary protection
hereafter, and I think it may come substan-
tially in the way suggested by this measure.
But I just now want to get the bill reported
from the Committee on Finance enacted into
a law and relieve the country from so much of
the burden of taxation as is referred to in the
bill, and for that reason I shall vote against
this amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the
Senator from Maine will now withdraw the
call for the yeas and nays, because, as he will
readily see, if the yeas and nays are taken, he
will not obtain a fair expression of the Senate,
and he will not disclose the real strength of
the measure.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am so situated with
regard to this matter that I am compelled to
call for the yeas and nays, whatever may be
the result. I hope it may be favorable ; but if
not, I say, as I said before, that I feel exceed-
ingly encouraged for the future by the expres-
sion of the Senate. I hope, however, the
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. YATES. I rise for a similar purpose
to that of the Senator from New Jersey and
the Senator from Wisconsin. I appreciate the
arguments and the force of reasoning of the
honorable Senator from Maine; and I shall
be willing to vote at any time for the relief of
this interest; but I do not consider the prop-
osition exactly germane to the question under
consideration. I feel, although I represent an
agricultural State, that that Statfr is just as
much interested in what will promote the coBi-
merce or the commercial marine of Maine or
any other State as that State itself. What-
ever will facilitate transportation, either by
railroad, or by steamers, or by sailing ships,
across the ocean, will contribute to the pros-
perity of Illinois. In voting against the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Maine I
do not wish to he understood as committing
myself against the relief of this industry.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine, on which the yeas and nays have been
ordered. *
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 25; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Conkling, Corbett. Cragin, Davis,
Dixon, Fessenden, Hendricks, Johnson, Morgan,
Morrill of Maine, Nye, Pattorsou of New Hamp-
shire, Patterson of Tennessee, Saulsbury, Sumner,
Vickers, Wtlley and Wilson—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Conness. Drake, Edmunds. Ferry, Frelinghuysen,
Grimes. Henderson, Howaid, Howe, McCreery, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Norton, Pomeroy, Kamsey, Ross,
Sherman, Tipton, Van Winkle, Wade, Wiiliams, and
Yates—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Buekalew, Cameron,
Doolittle, Fowler, Harlan, Morton, Sprague, Stewart,
Thayer, and Trumbull—11.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in as an addilional seciion:
And be it further enacted. That from and after the
taking effect of this act the amount of duties to b«
charged and collected upon goods, wares, and mer-
chandise imported into the united States shall bo
diminished to the extent of ton per cent, of the
amount authorized to be charged and collected
under existing laws; and it shall be unhwful for any
person or officer of the Government, from and after
the taking effect of this act, to demand, collect, or
receive a greater amount of duties upon anygoods,
wares, or merchandise imported into the United
States than is now authorized and required by law
to bo collected, less ten per cent, thereof.
The purpose of this amendment, I appre-
hend, will be readily perceived by every Sen-
ator without any difficulty. It proposes to
reduce the duties now authorized to be imposed
upon goods, wares, and merchandise hereafter
to be imported into the United States ten per
cent., and prohibits any officer of the Govern-
ment from exacting or demanding any more
than ten per cent, less than the amount now
authorized by law.
As to the parliamentary question, the pro-
priety or the legality of attaching such an
amendment as this to this bill, I suppose that
has been sufficiently discussed and determined
by the Senate. We settled that question a few
weeks ago on the cotton bill, as it was called,
wher,e on a bill to take off the internal tax on
cotton, we determined to change also the ex-
isting laws regulating the introduction of cot-
ton from abroad; and I believe it has been ac-
quiesced in by everybody here to-day that the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Maine, and which came so near being adopted,
was parliamentary and in order.
Mr. President, I offer this proposition for
several reasons, among others:
First. To redeem the faith of the Govern-
ment; for, as I understand it, thatfaith, if not
technically is virtually pledged to a propor-
tionate reduction of the duties on imports as
the taxes on domestic manufactures shall be
removed. The great argument urged by the
advocates of the tariffs of 1862 and 1864 was
that it was necessary to pass those acts in order
to adjust the tariffto the existing internal taxes.
In fact, the internal tax law was then tie only
pretext for imposing the high rates of duties on
imports under the tariff acts of those years, as
is abundantly shown by the debates on both
bills when pending in Congress.
Second. Because it is but fair that while we
relieve the manufacturers of the country and
enable them to make money we should at tlxo
same time relieve the consumers of the country
and enable them to save a little money; for I
