2976
based upon charters from the provisional Legis-
iatures of Louisiana and Alabama, giving all
the righ ts that are secured to this company by
this bill. But the parties interested in that
road are afraid that those provisional Legisla-
tures will be declared illegal, and thus their
charters will fail. They have expended some
money to commence the work and they come to
Congress and ask that we will aid them by the
passage of this bill in order to reassure capi-
talists, so that they may prosecute this work.
J.hat is all there is in this bill; there is no
subsidy here of land, money, or anything else.
Ihe committee think the right of the Govern-
ment in reference to the crossing of these bogs
and streams along the coast of the Gulf is suf-
ficient to justify this bill. I think the bill in
all its details is correct.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As the
morning hour has nearly expired, and as this
is a very important bill—still more important
in view of' what my colleague [Mr. Fauxs-
wortji] has said in regard to the acts of these
provisional Legislatures—I hope he will per-
mit this bill to go over till to-morrow. The
provisions of the bill are exceptional in their
character. It seems to me that this is a pro-
ject of a lot of gentlemen in Boston and New
York to go down South and get control of rail-
road matters by the aid of Congress.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I consent that the
bill shall go over till to-morrow. I yield the
floor to my colleague on the committee, the
gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Hill.]
american line op ocean steamers.
Mr. HILL, from the Committee on the Post
Gmce and Post Roads, reported back, with an
amendment in the form of a substitute, a bill
(H. R. No. 939) to provide for an American
line of mail and emigrant passenger steam-
ships between New York and one or more
European ports.
The Clerk proceeded to read the substitute,
which is as follows :
the'following1'" a^cr ^le onaeting clause, and insert
That the Postmaster General is empowered and
hereby authorized to contract with the Commercial
Navigation Company of the State of New York a
corporation existing under the laws of the State of
JNew Yoik, under a special charter passed by the
legislature of said State under the date of April 2a,
in w £ the weekly or semi-weekly conveyance of
hitS^0Pwan v d ,torel?° mails of the United States
between New York and Bremen, touching at South-
ampton, England, or Liverpool, touchmgat Queens-
town, m nrst cla*s sea-going steamships, to be con-
structed in the bmtecl States and owned by said
company, ior a term not exceeding twenty years, in
tne manner and on the conditions herein after stated.
feEC. And be it further enacted, That the said
navigation company shall, with a purpose of per-
forming tho above service, build, contract, and fit
out, withm one year from the passage of this act, at
f!ass sea-gom? steamships, five of
u 110 0 'eiss t'la" three thousand tons
eacti, Government measurement, and two others of
not less than two thousand tons each, all of which
vessels tliall be constructed in the best manner,
under the supervision and inspection of the Arneri-
?£ ' or',f ordered by the Postmaster General.
f2f?r,ii!e •1.ns,Pf most coml>«tent engineer,
toJ|cI detailed fur this purpose by the Secretary of the
o a.,wn"«n application of the Postmaster
u'W so„ that when completed each vessel shall
kLwJ m Jr?t °!ass 111 oray respect, and with all
?nS, !em improvements in model, machinery,
aEd wfrtv - w>,' ? S?°UrB neatest possible speed
shall he /.J ? steamships, when so constructed,
shall be organized into and compose the United
w nf™ nB,!?il> ^ the pioper convey-
? fed - thefih (■ Passengers as hereinafter pro-
be'n ,-Vn-e 0t s:uIi"g' ,m,d ali othor to
m'?v S .""'l? between the said com-
p,i.is and the Postmaster General, with power to
frl'lZ'2i?,,?frceP'on<t!3 from time to time as may
best, promote the objectm view.
Sec. 3 Aod be it further enactcd, That the com pen-
s.ition loi carrying and transporting the mails by
sea, as herein provided, shall be agreed upon, and
" !?Vn w;th the act of (Jongres= ap- I
proved June 14 1So8, and shall in no event or cm- !
tmfjeiicy exceed the sum therein provided, beino-
aii postage on eftois, newspapers, and all other
matter transported by or m the mails carried bv
said navigation company, shall belong to said oom-
p:mj, and shall be paid to said navigation company
quarterly, or applied to their use or benefit as here-
matter provided.
kSnc. 1. And be it farther emwted. That to insure the
construction of the above-mentioned vessels within
fcbc time and in the manner hereinbefore provided,
aim t;ie maintenance of the said line, tho paid Com-
mercial .Navigation Company may issue bonds to
such an amount that the entire annual interest i
thoreon shall not exceed ihe sum of #250,000, such I
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
bonds to be made payable at the expiration of the
before-named twenty years, and the interest thereof
to be made payable semi-annually, the principal and
interest of Such rbonds to be made payable in coin
of the United States, That for the protection of the
holders of such bonds they shall be severally regis-
tered at the Post Office Department and certified by
the chief clerk of the Department. And the Post-
master General shall receive all moneys for postage
earned by the steamships of said company, and shall
apply the same as far as needed to the payment of
the semi-annual interest upon the betore-named
bonds, and shall retain the surplus after paying
such interest, and shall invest the same quarterly in
the securities of the United States to form a sinking
fund, to be held solely for the benefit of the bond-
holders, and to be applied to the payment of the
principal of such bonds. And whenever, and as soon
as, such sinking fund shall equal in amount the entire
principal of said bonds then from that time forward
the interest of said bonds shall be paid out of the in-
come of such sinking fund, and the principal thereof
outot the same fund at their maturity. And all post-
age earned alter the time when said sinking fund
shall be made up to the amount aforesaid shall
belong to and be paid quarterly to the said company
by the Postmaster General of the United States.
fc^c. o. And be -it Jurthcr enacted, Th:it the afore-
said mail steamships shall be commanded and offi-
cered only by citizens of the United States, shall
mount an armament, if required, of two guns each,
andslnul have at leas tone apprentice to be instructed
m engineering, seamanship, and navigation for every
two hundred tonsofregistered tonnage for each steam-
ship; and the Government of the United s3tate«<?hall
have the power to take and nse the aforesaid mail
steamships as transports or for ships-of-war when-
ever in the opinion of the President the exigencies
or the( united states may require them, who is author-
ized, in such an event, to take said mail steamers
and pay said company a just and equitable sum for
their use, or purchase the same, as may be deemed
most for the interest of the United States; said pay-
ment, whether for purchase or use, to be made to the
Postmaster General, who shall pay to said naviga-
tion company whatever balance be due them, alter
deducting sufficient for payment for all the before-
named rcgi&teied bonds, the amount of which in this
event shall be paid to theholders thereof at maturity
of the same.
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted, Thnt the foreign
mail .agents of the Government of the United States
shall have free passage on the ships of the said Com-
mercial .pavigation Company, whenever the Post-
master General to bueh foreign mail agents issues
ppses certifying to the said company that such is
their official character.
Skc. 7. And be it further enacted. That the said
navigation company shall keep up aud maintain for
a period of twenty years for the said United. States
mail service, at least the said number of seven first
class steamships.
Snc.8. And be itfurther cnnctcd, Thatthe rights and
privileges herewith granted shall be and remain to
this company, and in no event shall this company
transfer or assign the rights and privileges herein
granted, nor shall it be lawful for any officer of the
government hereafter to recognize any assignment or
transfer, it being the intent and meaning of this act
to secure an American line of steam vessels for tho
transportation of mails and the proper conveyance
or emigrant passengers between the port of New
Yorkand European ports above named; and Con-
gress may at any time hereafter during the period of
twenty years, and having a due regard to the rights
ot tne said company, alter, repeal, or amend this
act, and it shall take effect and be in force from and
alter its passage.
Before the reading of the substitute had
been concluded,
The SPEAKER said : The morning hour
has expired, and the bill goes over till to-mor-
row.
NOVA SCOTIA COAL TKADE.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent,
presented a communication from the Secretary
ot State, relative to the effect of the abrogation
of the reciprocity treaty upon the Nova Scotia
coal trade; which, with the accompanying
papers, was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
SALE OF DAMAGED AMIS, ETC.
Mr. SCI1ENCK, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 292)
directing the Secretary of War to sell damaged
or unserviceable arms, ordnance, and ordnance
stores : which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
MEXICAN FREE PORTS.
Mr. BLAINE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted tiie following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
licsohfjl. That ^he Committee on Foreign Affairs
be instructed to inquire whether the action of the
Mexican Government in establishing free ports at
Matamoras and otherpointson the Rio Grande h not
in violation of treaty stipulations and unfriendly to
the commercial rights of this country.
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD, EASTERN'BlYIs&ON.
Mr. GRTSWOLBj by unanimous consent,
presented a memorial of the executive officers
of railroads throughout the United States in
favor of extending the subsidy of the Union
Pacific railroad, eastern division; which was
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, and ordered to be printed.
AUDITOR OS ACCOUNTS.
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 293) to
provide for the appointment of an auditor of
accounts; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on
Accounts.
SUPPLIES TO EXPLORING EXPEDITION.
Mr. CULLOM. I ask the House, by unani-
mous consent, to take from the Speaker's table
Senate amendments to the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 251) authorizing the Secretary of War
to f urnish supplies to an exploring expedition.
There was no objection.
The amendments of the Senate were read,
as follows:
First amendment:
Xn lines two and three strike out the words " such
commissary and quartermaster stores to," and insert
rations ior twenty-five mon of,"
Second amendment :
In lines four and five strike out the words " as may
be necessary to enable the expedition to prosecute
its work, and insert while engaged in the work."
The amendments were concurred in.
REPEItENCE OF BILLS, ETC.
Mr. CIIANLER. I move to reconsider the
various votes by which bills and joint resolu-
tions have been referred this morning to com-
mittees : and also move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorhaji,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had agreed to the following bill of the
House without amendment, namely :
A bill (IT. R. No. 1033) for the relief of
Thomas McLean.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference upon the joint resolution (H.
li.f No. 218) for the relief of John M. Palmer.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a joint resolution (S. R.
No. 14l>) for the relief of George W. Doty, a
commander in the United States Navy on the
retired list; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
CIGA11-MAKER3.
Mr. BARNES, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the petition of three hundred and
twenty-five cigar-makers ; which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
EXTENSION OF A PATENT.
Mr. BARNES, by unanimous consent, also
presented the petition of John Chilcott and
Henry_ Ward Beeeher, in reference to the
extension of a patent; which was referred to
the Committee on Patents.
CONCRETE STONE COMPANY.
Mr. COVODE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 1207) to incorporate
the District ot Columbia Concrete Stone Com-
pany under Ransom's patent; which was read
a first and second time, aud referred to the
| Committee for the District of Columbia.
i MlV OHANLER_ moved to reconsider the
, vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
j ino\ ed that the motion to reconsider be laid
| on the table.
Ihe latter motioa was agreed to.
i YTIIARYES IN QSWEfJO HARBOR.
! Mr. CHURCHILL, by unanimous consent,
: submitted the following resolution j which was
: read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to iurnidu any information in his possession or that
