tm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQB&
January £0,
hundred thousand acres. But let me tell my
friend that I am not responsible for any of the
land given to Illinois ; and when I get to that
question I will show that that grant to the State
of Illinois may have been in the end the great-
est curse that could have been inflicted upon
it. It has gone into the hands of British bond-
holders ; and a great foreign corporation, with-
out interest in or sympathy with our people, has
been built upon our soil, to oppress the people
by its rapacity and extortion, a great over-
grown foreign power in our very midst. So the
gentleman can not take any thing from me on that
score. But I have the official documents here
from the Commissioner of the General Land
Ollice, who tells me that the whole number of
acres of laud granted to the State of Iowa has
been six million seven hundred and fifty-one
thousand two hundred and seven acres.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. Allow me to
correct the gentleman.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I cannot
yield unless I can have my time extended. I
want more time, but I cannot have it under
the previous question. I have a letter from
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
which I have obtained since yesterday. I wish
I could read it in full, but I must hurry on. I
am sorry for it. It is only a brief moment that
I will have to press this question upon the
House. To whose benefit does this land grant
inure ? I call it a grant because if we do not
pass this bill this land will revert to the United
States. The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Hopkins] said that this bill covered about five
hundred thousand acres. I presume he did
not wish to mislead the House; but it is more
than six hundred thousand acres. But to recur;
to whose benefit is it to inure? I will tell the
House, and there will be no contradiction of
the statement, I am sure.
The Sionx City railroad, which figures here
as having this grant, instead of building this
road ingood faith,as itshould havedone, failed
to do so; and no longer ago than last Octo-
ber it leased its whole road and franchises and
everything else to the Illinois Central railroad.
And this grant, in point of fact, will inure to
the Illinois Central railroad. Why, sir, if gen-
tlemen knew the facts they would know that
the road has been built about half way across
the State. Now, the Illinois Central Railroad
Company has leased that portion for twenty
years, with the privilege, I understand, of
taking it on a perpetual lease at the end of
that period. The Illinois Central Railroad
Company will be obliged to build that road to
the Missouri river from its present terminus,
whether this land be granted or not-, and the
question is merely whether we shall give this
Illinois Central Railroad Company land to the
amount of six hundred and twelve thousand
acres. Are gentlemen prepared to accede to
that proposition ? Are we prepared to grant
away any more land or any more money. Is
it not known that this Congress has already
sanctioned the gratuity of $2,500,000 to the
Illinois Central railroad under the pretext of
paying it for the transportation of freight and
troops for the Government during the war,
when the company was bound to transport
them for nothing? We know that, for the rec-
ords of Congress show it.
Now, sir, while the land proposed to be
granted by this bill goes nominally to the State
of Iowa, I claim it will go to the benefit of the
Illinois Central railroad, for the continuation
of the road which it has leased. The Illinois
Central railroad has obtained the control of the
road np to Iowa Falls, in Harding county, as
I understand, and it mast finish it to the Mis-
souri river, land or no land. Are we prepared
to give anything more to these British bond-
holders and the British stockholders of the road,
who demand this grant at our hands? Their
stock is now selling at 135 per share in Wall
street. To be sore, we owe much to these friends
of ours who, during the war of the rebellion,
drove our commerce from the ocean by their
piratical cruisers, who planned in Canada raids
into our country to rob and murder our citizens.
As we have a flush Treasury and a large public
domain, it is but fitting, 1 suppose, that we
should give away these lands which belong to
the people.
Mr. Speaker, I wish I hod time to call the
attention of the House to the amount of land
which we have already appropriated for these
purposes, and let the gentlemen see where we
stand.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like the gentle-
man to state whether the benefit of this grant
inures to the State of Iowa or to the Illinois
Central railroad.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The grant
was to the State of Iowa; but I say the benefit
went in the first place to the Dubuque and
Sioux City railroad, which has sold out, or
rather leased out, to the Illinois Central. That
company, having built their road about half-
way through the State, leased, as I have stated,
that portion, in defiance, as I believe, of the
will and rights of the people, for twenty years
to the Illinois Central Compauy, and the latter
company is obliged at any rate to build the ,
road to the Missouri river. The only question, >
I take it, is whether this Illinois Central Com-
pany shall bear the expense of building it or
whether we shall aid them by this grant of
between six and seven thousand acres of the
public lands. i
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. Will the gentle-
man permit me to correct him?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have not
time to yield.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. The gentleman
is mistaken.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I say,
Mr. Speaker, that the ultimate benefit of this !
grant must inure to the Illinois Central Rail- I
road Company. They must have this outlet j
at any rate, and are bound to complete the j
line, whether they get any land or not.
Mr. HOPKINS. The State of Iowa has
granted this land to the Dubuque and Sioux '
City railroad. j
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That may ;
be; but I say that, without this grant the
road will be built, and that the Illinois Central
Railroad Company is to get the advantage of
this grant.
Mr. HOPKINS. How does the gentleman
know it?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Because
the Illinois Central railroad has a lease from
the Dubuque and Sioux City liailroad Com-
pany. Does the gentleman deny it?
Mr. HOPKINS. I do not know whether
that is so or not.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman from
Wisconsin mean to say that the land is going
one way and the road another, or does he mean
to say that the land is granted for the very pur-
pose of getting the road built?
Mr. HOPKINS. I suppose the grant is for
the purpose of building the road, not for the
purpose of aiding the Illinois Central Railroad
Company.
Mr. DAWBS. Then does not the corpora-
tion that builds the road get the benefit of the
land?
Mr. HOPKINS. I understand that the State
of Iowa has granted this land to the Dubuque
.and Sioux City railroad.
Mr. DAWES. For the purpose of building
the road ?
Mr. HOPKINS. For the purpose of build-
ing the road.
Mr. DAWES. I understand further that the
company can only get the land in successive
portions as it builds each twenty miles of road.
Mr. HOPKINS. Exactly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I must go
on without further interruption. I have been
watching, Mr. Speaker, to see your hammer
descend. _ We are only permitted by grace to
say anything in opposition to these schemes;
and I am thankful for the privilege on this
occasion, for it is not usually permitted that
any discussion shall be had on questions of this
character.
But, sir, I "am prepared to see this bill pass.
I am used to being in minorities. You knowt
Mr. Speaker, and I know how often, how earn'
estly, and how persistently, but how feebly and
unsuccessfully, I have endeavored to thwart
measures of this kind; and I know, sir, and
you know all the obloquy and all the reproach
which is heaped upon men who dare to thrust
themselves between the Treasury and schemes
of public plunder. So far as I am concerned
I defy them all; and when the demon of our
outraged and betrayed constituencies shall stalk
through this Hall and shake his gory locks at
us for our betrayal of their interests, I will be
able to say, '' Thou canst not say I did it."
Mr. HOPKINS. I now yield ten minutes
to Ihe gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr, Speaker, I
am not here for the purpose of advocating any
stupendous scheme of public plunder, but still,
sir, I am in favor of the passage of this bill.
And while the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washbubne] generally is pretty well informed
about the subject on which he speaks to this
House, he has manifested an entire absence of
information on this bill.
The gentleman charges that this is a bill the
purpose of which is to transfer a land grant in
the State of Iowa to the Illinois Central Railroad
Company. Now, if he knows anything about
this, he knows that is not so. This land grant is
to inure to the benefitof the Dubuque and Sioux
City Railroad Company, the grant being made
to the State for the purpose of constructing
that road. An arrangement has been made
for the completion of that road from its pres-
ent western terminus to the Missouri river. It
is to be constructed by the company raised in
Iowa, although it is true that on the running
uses of the road the Illinois Central has a
lease. But the road is owned and constructed
by an Iowa corporation, and I can say to the
gentleman from Illinois we never intend that
the Illinois Central or any other company shall
bring its corporate body into Iowa to do busi-
ness there as in Illinois.
Mr. WTASHBURNE, of Illinois. Its soul
is there now.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Then I suppose
the gentleman is so far satisfied that he has got
rid of the soul of that corporation.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I ask my col-
league whether the Legislature of Iowa does
not have the whole control of the matter?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Certainly. The
gentleman from Illinois says he is not rep-
resenting any great corporation; that he is
defending the Government and representing
his constituents; that he wants to save this six
hundred thousand acres of land to the Govern-
ment. Is it to benefit his constituents? Have
his constituents locked up in their safes a large
amount of agricultural college scrip, which
they are anxious to locate on this land if we
refuse to pass this bill? The Government of
the United States will get no benefit of our
refusal to pass this bill. Agricultural scrip
now in the hands of private holders will be
located on this land the moment the title passes
back to the Government.
And let me say, sir, to the gentleman from
Illinois that we prefer the construction of rail-
roads in Iowa to develop our lands to the hold-
ing of large bodies of them by his constituents
or the constituents of any other member for the
purpose of future speculation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I tell my
friend that my constituents do not want the
land ; they want the settlers to have it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If his constituents
hold this agricultural scrip they want this land.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My con-
stituents have none of that scrip, and I will
agTee to provide that none shall be located on
this land. Will he go with me?
_ Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. We have that pro-
vision already in the law. Upon the reversion
of this land to the Government then yon will
have to provide additional legislation. The
gentleman has a map on which he has the lands
granted to Iowa marked in colors.
Mr. DAWES. I ask my friend whether he
