452
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 14,
Ho. of Keps.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Delano.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
the English deducted sixteen pence every
time they paid out twenty shillings of interest
on the public debt. In other words, mstead
of paying three per cent, interest on their con-
sols they paid but two and three quarters per
cent. • Instead of paying five per cent, on ter-
minable annuities they paid four and two
thirds per cent. And still the Committee of
Ways and Means say the proposition as it
passed the House was merely to scale down
the interest, and was such a proposition as
no civilized nation ever tolerated! I say it
was precisely similar to the English method,
and that the only difference was that the
English in the Crimean war taxed about seven
percent., and in Pitt's time ten per cent.,
and I appeal to the record for proof.
AMOUNT OP TAX.
One word as to amount of tax. The mode
of collection is of more importance than the
amount of tax. We have assessed as high
as ten per cent., but leaving it to the individ-
ual conscience, got small returns. Pitt's tax
was ten per cent., and collected at the counter
of the bank.
If we measure the amount of this tax by that
assessed on railroads ten per cent, would not
seem too high. The railroad interest is a large
one. The amount invested in the forty thou-
sand miles of roads in the country is full two
thirds of the vast total of the national debt.
We tax dividends on railroads and bonds five
per cent, and collect at the railroad office.
We also assess them two and a half per cent,
on the gross passenger receipts. The aggregate
of the two is very much more than the pro-
posed tax on the debt. And the answer that
railroad proprietors can charge it off on the
traveling public is not a full reply, because in
many instances an increase of railroad tariff
calls out rival modes of transportation or checks
travel. It is to be considered, too, that rail-
road proprietors are taxed whether " residents
or non-residents, foreigners or citizens." And
further, it should be recollected that in case
of railroads there are no deduction on account
of the income not amounting to $1,000. Every
holder of a bond, no matter how poor, is as-
sessed when he gets his interest. These facts
show that in one law there is a discrimination
in favor of the holder of our securities that is
not to be found in the English law.
I would have no unfriendly discrimination
against the holders of the debt whether citizens
or foreigners. The debt is sacred. It must
be paid according to the letter and spirit of the
law creating it. But let us have this matter
wisely arranged. The law is wrong as it stands.
His not in accordance with English precedent,
and I cite that because that Government surely
cannot be charged with discriminating against
property in its taxation, and because they have
managed a large debt wisely and successfully.
If ten per cent, is too much as compared with
other taxation, make the sum less, and if cer-
tain exemptions are proper to be made let
them be made. I have said elsewhere that I
am not in favor of a rebate of interest, as some
have proposed. 1 am ill favor of nothing that
savors of repudiation, but I am in favor of
such proper and fit taxation as will charge upon
this great and lucrative property its share of
the public burdens.
The difference between taxation for revenue
and taxation for unfriendly purposes was seen
between the ten per cent, tax levied on State
bank bills for the avowed purpose of driving
tlieni out. of existence and the tax now levied
ou national banks for the purpose of revenue;
so in this ease I would assess just the sum
and no more that the property, as compared
with other property, should fairly bear. There
is nu contract either here or in England to
binder this species of taxation, and certainly
the '•interests of labor," as well as all property
interests, require that taxation should be equal-
ized as rapidly as it can be fairly done.
Purchase of Alaska.
SPEECH OF HON. 0. DELANO,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
July 14, 1868.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H. It. No. 1096) making an appropriation of money
to carry into effect the treaty with Russia of March
30,1867—
Mr. DELANO said:
Mr. Chairman : I presented to the House a
few days since certain resolutions embracing
my views in regard to the proper construction
of the Constitution so far as it confers the
power to make treaties. These resolutions
had been previously laid before the Commit-
tee on foreign Relations, and I have reason
to know they commanded the assent of several
members of the committee. It is my sincere
opinion they were approved by a majority.
The session was nearly closed when they were
presented for the first time to the committee,
and not having time then to obtain official action
on these resolutions, they were afterwards pre-
sented by me to the House, and were referred
by the House back to the committee, in the
expectation on my part that the honorable chair-
man would call the committee together again
before the subject should be finally disposed of.
It has not, for some reason, suited the pleas-
ure of the honorable chairman to do so, and
hence I cannot say that these resolutions are
approved or disapproved by the committee.
It was my purpose, sir, to present the sub-
stance of those resolutions in the form of a
preamble, to this bill had they been approved
by the Committee on Foreign Relations; but
having Jailed, for the reasons before assigned,
to obtain the sanction of the committee, and
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Loughridge]
having already offered a similar proposition, i
shall now read these resolutions, as the con-
clusions to be sustained and supported by the
remarks I am about to make. They are as
follows:
" 1. Resolved, That all treaties made by the Presi-
dent and Senate which embraee stimulations on legis-
lative subjects expressly vested in Congress by the
Constitution, are in their nature incomplete and
imperfect until Congress shall have passed such laws
as are necessary to carry such treaties into effect;
and that this House is not required, by a just inter-
pretation of the Constitution, to pass laws necessary
to the execution of such treaties unless it approves
the objects and stipulations therein embraced.
"2. That a treaty which stipulates for the payment
of money undertakes to do that which the treaty-
uiiikmg- power cannot do without the aid of legisla-
tion, and therefore such a treaty is not the supreme
law of the land until the required legislation lias
been obtained; and members of this House, whilo
deliberating upon propositions for executing such
treaty, act on their own jadgmentand responsibility,
and not on the judgment and responsibility of the
treaty-ma kiag power.
" 3. That foreign Governments are presumed to
know that the power to appropriate money is vested
in Congress, and that no act oi any one part of the
Government can be regarded as a law until such act
has the sanction of all Departments of the Govern-
ment required by the Constitution to give it the force
of law,
44 4. That tho integrity and limits of the territory
of this nation cannot be altered or changed except
by the will of tho nation, given by express grant or
implied by acquiescence; and tlieiefore the treaty-
making power has no authority under tho Constitu-
tion to dispose of the nation's territory nor to ac-
quire new territory without obtaining the assent of
the nation therefor in one or the other of tho forms
herein indicated."
The treaty-making power, sir, has on several
occasions since the formation of the Govern-
ment been subjected to animated and exhaust-
ive discussions. These discussions have been
conducted by the ablest and purest statesmen
of which the nation can boast. It is not,
therefore, to be expected that new light can
be thrown at this day upon that portion of our
Constitution which provides that the President
"shall have power, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, to make treaties,
provided two thirds of the Senators present
concur," or that other clause declaring that
" all treaties made or which shall be made
under the authority of the United States shall
be the supreme law of the land."
_ It would be well, however, for this discus-
sion to call public attention to the construc-
tion which has heretofore been given to the
Constitution on the subject of the treaty-mak-
ing power by the great statesmen who have
preceded us, and whose clear perceptions have
been so distinctly expressed as to place this
subject beyond fair and reasonable contro-
versy.
Mr. Chairman, we are a forgetful people,
especially when our ambition, our interests, or
our cupidity makes it necessary to forget. I
desire, therefore, to remind this House and tlie
nation what those who have preceded us have
decided in regard to this power of making treat
ies. I am the more anxious to do this npw be-
cause I think I observe a growing disposition to
enlarge and exalt the treaty-making power, to
confer upon it a sort of omnipotence, that shall
make it override and destroy other and coor-
dinate branches of the G overnment; and I think
I see in this disposition danger, great danger,
for the future of this country.
If this power is not checked in its claims
and assumptions it will swallow up and destroy
the legislative authority, and it may, if it goes
on to execute its exorbitant claims, totally
change our form of government, and over-
throw our republican institution.
Like the great, ever increasing, and never
satisfied power of patronage, it needs to be
checked, it must be checked, or our institutions
are in danger.
Now, sir, we are invited to appropriate
$7,200,000 for the purchs.se of Alaska. A
treaty for this purchase has been concluded,
so far as the President and Senate have power
to conclude it; and this House is now invited
to make an appropriation to pay the amount
which the treaty-making power has agreed tt>
pay for this territory.
I said this House is "invited" to make thi3
appropriation, but if the doctrine advanced by
some persons on this floor is correct this House
is ordered to make this appropriation. And
this brings me to state what is the first great
and important question growing out of this
subject. It is this: Has this House any dis-
cretion, any deliberative will, any free judg-
ment in this business, or is it bound blindly
and like a well constructed piece of machinery
to appropriate the money which the treaty-mak-
ing power has agreed shall be paid ?
1 will concede for the sake of the argument
that there is no fraud in the treaty. That it
does not directly change nor tend to change
our free institutions ; in short, that we cannot
say that it is in any manner so tainted by
fraud, or so clearly without constitutional war-
rant as to be void ab initio; and then under
this admission 1 inquire whether this House,
when called upon to appropriate the money,
may judge of the propriety and wisdom of the
purchase, and if satisfied that it was a purchase
unfit to be made refuse the money required to
complete the purchase ? Sir, if the House has
not this right, it is not in this matter a deliber-
ative body ; it is only a wax figure, an orna-
ment, or an appendage to the treaty-making
power.
Mr. Chairman, the Constitution which defines
the power to make treaties and vests this power
in the President and Senate grants also certain
powers to other departments of the Govern-
ment,and in doingso providesthat *' nomoney
shall bo drawn from the Treasury but in con-
sequence of appropriations made by law."
Now, sir, is it not an indisputable proposi-
tion that each grant of power to different
departments of this Government must be con-
strued in reference to other grants in the same
instrument, so that each must he subordinated
to the other? Without such a rule there can
be and will be no harmony in your Govern-
ment, uuless it is the harmony which is pro-
