1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
4001
shall revert to the United States when the
lands are abandoned by the Cherokees, as they
have been. The fifth section of the Indian
appropriation act of March 3, 18G3, confers no
authority to sell public lands by treaty. . If the
Indians by treaty can sell the title to lands
they occupy or even as tribesaequire title, then
they may sell to foreign nations, which never
will be permitted. The Indian tribes are not
nationsin the sense of the treaty-making power.
If it be said this joint resolution violates Joy's
contract, I answer, his contract is unauthorized
and void. Congress may disregard it and con-
tracts still more valid when the public interests
require it. For the purpose of doing justice
the resolution now before us was introduced at
my instance to-day, as it was a week ago, and
I hope it will pass.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, I always
believed this was an outrage, but it ought to
have been corrected at some time prior to the
confirmation of the treaty.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. It can be cor-
rected now, as I can prove to the satisfaction
of anybody.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, arid passed.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
taxation and the public debt.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada, introduced a hill
(H. R. No. 1425) to equalize taxation and
reduce the interest on the public debt; which
was read a first and second time.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
bill be reported.
The bill was accordingly read in full. It
provides that upon all gains, profits, and in-
come arising from the bonds and other inter-
est-bearing securities of the United States,
payable to any person, State, municipality,
body politic or corporate, company or society,
whether corporate or not corporate, out of
the Treasury of the United States there shall
be charged yearly as a, tax for every $100
thereon ten dollars, and foralesser sum in the
same proportion. Said tax shall be assessed
and collected by the Treasurer or other dis-
bursing officers of the United States charged
with paying any of the interest upon the debt
of the United States in the same currency in
which said interest is paid, and said tax shall
be instead of all other taxes assessed or levied
as tax upon income from any of the interest-
bearing securities of the United States.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. MILLER. I object to that.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule on page 185 of the Digest.
The Clerk read as follows:
"No motion or proposition for a tax or charge
upon the people shall be discussed on the day on
which it is madeor oifered, and every such prop-
osition shall receive its first discussion in a Com-
mittee of the Whole House."
The SPEAKER. The point of order being
made, this bill is referred to the Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. MAYNARD. This does not propose
a lax on the people, as I understand it.
1 he SPEAKER. The Chair supposes it is
a tax on the people. Tax bills, tariff bills,
and money bills are requiredby this rule to be
referred to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to suspend the rules for the purpose of con-
sidering the bill in the House at the present
limo.
The SPEAKER. The rules cannot be sus-
pended during the morning hour. The bill is
referred to the Committee of the Whole on
tho state of the Union.
40tii Goxti. 2d Sess.'—No. 251.
protection ou life in the navy.
Mr. ORTH introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1426) for the better protection of life in the
Navy; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
great and little osage indian treaty.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I offer the fol-
lowing preamble and resolution, upon which
I demand the previous question:
Whereas on the 13th day of June, 1868, the House
of Representatives adopted a resolution relating to
the trcatyiately concluded wittithe (ireat and Little
Osage Indians, in tho following words, to wit:
" iieiulvcd, That the President is hereby requested
to furnish to this House copies of all instructions,
records, and correspondence connected with the com-
mi*yion authorized to make the above-named treaty,
and copies of allpropositionsmade tosaidcommission
Irom railroad corporations or byindividuals, aud the
Prcsiden tis requested to withhold said treaty from the
Senate, or it sent to tho Senate to withdraw the same,
until a lull investigation can be had and report made
bj the Committee on Indian Affairs ot this House."
And whereas on the 15th day of June, 1868, the
President, in reply to said resolution, transmitted to
this Ilouso a messago and a report from the Secre-
tary of tho Interior purporting to give the informa-
tion requested; and whereas the said report of the
Secretary of the Interior did not contain all the
records, correspondence, and propositions connected
with tho commission authorized to make said treaty;
and whereas the chairman of said commission was
Hon. N. fi. Taylor, Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
and a subordinate ollicer of the Interior Department;
aud whereas a portion of the records of said com-
mission must have been suppressed hy said officer if
the Secretary ol the Interior is correct in the state-
ment that "no propositions made to said commis-
sion from railroad corporations or by individuals
have come to the knowledge or possession of this
Department:" Therefore,
Resolved, That the President is again respectfully
requested to furnish to this House copies of all in-
structions, records, and correspondence connected
with the commission authorized to negotiate the late
trea.ty with the Great and Little Osage Indians, and
copies of all propositions made to said commission
from railroad corporations or by individuals.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not know that there is
any objection to the furnishing of the informa-
tion called for by the resolution, but it seems
to me that the language of the preamble is
hardly respectful to the Secretary of the In-
terior. The use of such word as "suppressed"
is hardly appropriate.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Can I have an
opportunity of making a statement to the
House ?
The SPEAKER. If debate arises, the reso-
lution goes over under the rules.
Mr. .BROOKS. I must object to the reso-
lution unless it is put in a different shape.
The SPEAKER. Tho resolution being a
call for executive information, it must go over
if any gentleman objects.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I will modify the
resolution by inserting the words "it is be-
lieved so that it will read: "xlnd whereas
it is believed the said report of the Secre-
tary of the Interior did not contain all the
records," &c. I will also strike out the word
"suppressed" mid insert "withheld."
Mr. BROOKS. Then I withdraw my objec-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
minnesota land grant.
Mr. DONNELLY introduced a joint resolu-
tion (II. R. No. 833) to protect the existing
land grant of the Minnesota valley railroad,
in the State of Minnesota ; which was read a
first and second time.
ilr. DONNELLY. I demand the previous
question.
The joint resolution, which was read, directs
the Secretary of tho Interior to permit to be
filed in the proper office the plat of the loca-
tion of the Minnesota valley railroad through
unsurveyed lands of the United States within
the State of Minnesota; and from the date of
such filing he shall withdraw from settlement ,
all such lands as would, it such lands were II
surveyed, inure to the State of Minnesota for
the benefit of said road.
_ The question was upon seconding the pre-
vious question.
Mr. UPSON. What necessity is there for
this resolution ? If the lands are unsurveyed,
how can they be brought into market? .
Mr. DONNELLY. I would-ask consent to ,
answer the question.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order
pending the call for the previous question,
unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I. object.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question; and upon a division there
were—ayes 16, noes 52 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. DONNELLY. If the gentleman from.
Illinois [Mr. Washburne] will withdraw his
objection for two minutes, I can explain this
resolution so that there will be no objection
to it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I insist
upon my objection.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Donnelly
and Mr. Mullins were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes five, noes not
counted.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
debate the joint resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution giving rise
to debate goes over under the rule.
refining of bullion,
Mr. WINDOM. At the request of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Delano,] I introduce
the joint resolution I send to the Clerk's desk,
and I ask the previous question upon it.
The joint resolution (H. B. No. 337) con-
tinuing the refining of bullion in the Mint of
the United States and branches was then read
a first and second time.
The question was upon seconding the pre-
vious question.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the Mint of the United States and
branches shall continue to refine gold and sil-
ver bullion, but no contract to exchange crude
or unparted bullion for refined bars shall be
made until authorized by law ; and section five
of the act of March 3, 1853, and scction three
of the act of February 20, 1801, shall be re-
pealed.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question was ordered.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. AXTELL. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Coins, Weights, and Measures, this
subject having been before that committee this
session, I ask unauimous consent to speak upon
this joint resolution for five minutes.
Mr. DELANO. I have no objection.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I object.
Mr. AXTBLL. I desire to inform the House
that this subject has been before the Committee
on Coins, Weights, and Measures, of which the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kei-lky]
is the chairman, and we were unwilling to
report any such measure to the House.
Mr. BROOKS. Would it not be in order
to move to refer this joint resolution to the
Committee ou Banking and Currency ?
The SPEAKER. That motion would not
be in order, except by reconsidering the vote
ordering the main question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think
the joint resolution should pass.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the main question was ordered.
The question was taken on the motion to
reconsider ; and upon a division there were—
ayes 3ti, noes 66.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon ordering the
joint resolution to be engrossed and read a
third time.
Mr. BUOOKS. Upon that question I call
lor the yeas and nays. While the yeas and
