1868.
TIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I
the part of the Government in gold and silver.
Beyond that 1 do not understand that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is authorized to make
payments in gold and silver. Now, I desire to
know of the Senator from Vermont whether
he wishes to adopt a system which seems to
me to be not only disturbing all the business,
trade, and values of the country, but corrupt-
ing in its influence—the system of collecting
gold and silver in excess of the sums that the
Secretary is allowed to pay out in gold and
silver, and to reduce that to paper currency by
sales in the market.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, if the Senator from Indiana had listened
to the statement of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance yesterday, he would have
discovered that it will be impossible for us to
carry on the Government and pay the interest
on the public debt and our ordinary expenses
without the resource to which he has called my
attention. The Senator from Ohio presented a
statement of the Secretary of the Treasury of
miscellaneous receipts for the coming year, a
large part of which, he stated, would be derived
from the premium on gold which would be
sold, and without that premium there would
be an actual deficit of a much larger sum than
was stated by the chairman of the Committee
on Finance. Besides this, the amount which
will be received in 1869 does not now look very
likely to be greatly in excess of what may be
our actual requirements for cash payments.
Mr. HENDERSON. With the permission
of the Senator from New Jersey, who has the
floor, I should like to ask the Senator from
Vermont what evidence he has that this pro-
posed reduction as contemplated by the amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa will reduce the
returns from customs duties?
Mr, MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sena-
tor from Missouri had listened to my argument
I think he would not have asked me that ques-
tion, because I have already stated that it is
found by our own experience over and over
again that what is called a high tariff does pro-
duce a greater amount of revenue than a low
one. A point might be reached when that
would not be the result, but our experience
shows that it has not been yet. I do not, and
never did, advocate high protection, but I am
for an ample revenue.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend will allow
me to ask him a question. He stated, as I
understood him, that the change in the tariff
in 1861 was principally a change from ad valo-
rem to specific duties; that that was the differ-
ence between that tariff and its predecessor,
and that there was a great increase in the
amounts received under it. Does that prove
the position he takes, that a high tariff produces
more than a low one? It will undoubtedly on
the same amount of importations.
Mr, MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, in relation to that, I was not speaking
fully and at large and with that care that I
should have done if I had prepared myself as
the Senator from Iowa has done on this sub-
ject, and perhaps what I said may allow the
interpretation'given to it by my friend from
Maine. In relation to the specific duties, it
is known to the Senator from Maine, of course,
as it is to all other Senators, that they avoid
fraud in invoices, both in the amount and in
the value. We are cheated constantly when-
ever we have ad valorem duties. Goods are
undervalued ; they are understated. But if it
is a question of the scales or of the yard stick,
then we get precisely the amount that is levied
in the statute. If I could have my way I would
translate every ad valorem, duty that we have
into a specific duty. I think we could get
along with three fourths, possibly two thirds,
of the amount of the nominal rates that we
have if it was possible to put the ad valorems
into a specific form. Upon iron, lead, sugar,
tea, and coffee the present duties are specific,
and we get a large revenue from them. If we
could extend the system in other directions
lower duties would give more protection and
more revenue.
40th Conq. 2d Sess,—No. 123
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend does not
answer my question, I think. He began by
saying that it had been pro-ved that a high rate
of duty gave us more than a low rate of duty
in amount; that that had been established by
our tariffs. He proved it by citing the tariff of
1861, which he said was in fact but a change
from ad valorem to specific duties. Now, I
ask how that sustains his position.
Mr. MORRILL of Vermont. Well, Mr.
President, whatever may have been my words,
I had in my mind the various changes that we
have made in 1862, 1864, and 1865, I believe.
Wo have changed the tariff three or four times
since 1861. The amount of increase in the
tariff of 1861 was mainly from the change
from ad valorem to specific duties ; it was not
large, and yet it answered the purpose of reve-
nue and protection ; but when we increased our
revenue from $60,000,000 or $70,000,000 up
to $179,000,000 it was by a large increase of
the rates of the tariff. It was imposed to a
great extent upon articles of luxury which
people accustomed to and able to have will buy
at any price.
_ Mr. CATTELL. Mr. President, I do not
rise for the purpose of returning the compli-
ment to the Committee on Naval Affairs which
its chairman has been so kind as to pass upon
the Committee on Finance, but simply to state
in a few words what I think is a full answer to
the elaborate argument which is presented to
the Senate. It was the intention of Congress,
no doubt, to fix the tariff in relation to the in-
ternal revenue tax. It was an experiment at
the commencement, but there was an attempt
to adapt the two systems of revenue, the one
to the other, and it was quite likely that mis-
takes would occur in it. The Congress of the
United States, after the experience of two or
three years in this adjustment, took up the
tariff question last winter and increased the
rates under the direction of the then chairman
of the Committee on Finance, whose ability in
regard to the whole subject I shall never for-
get, and this body by a very large majority
passed a tariff bill increasing the duties at least
twenty-five per cent., and the same principle
and to the same extent was passed upon by the
House of Representatives. The bill, however,
unfortunately; as I think, for the country, failed
for want of time to reach it in the House of
Representatives after it had passed the Senate.
I presume the Senator from Iowa must be labor-
ing under the impression that that tariff bill was
passed. The Congress of the United States,
upon a careful examination of this whole sub-
ject, then determined that in order to equalize
these two systems of taxation they would ad-
vance the rates on imports at least twenty-five
per cent.
It was found that the tariff was too low, and
the Congress of the United States virtually
agreed, although the bill failed to become a law,
to advance the rates of duties at least twenty-five
per cent., and I think more. Then is it a fair
presumption now that because the tax of from
one to five per cent, upon domestic manufac-
tures is removed there must be a further re-
duction upon the import duties on the same
articles to the extent of ten per cent. It is, of
course, in entire accordance with the theory of
the Senator from Iowa, who has no hesitation
on this subject to state that he considers the
tariff, even as it exists now, excessive, without
reference to the internal taxation, and there-
fore the amendment comes very naturally from
him; but I insist upon it that the intention of
Congress last year, the object of the action
upon the tariff last year, was to grant an ad-
ditional protection to the manufacturers of this
couutry because of the high rate of internal
taxes which then existed; and now, because a
reduction of from one to five per cent, is pro-
posed to be made upon the overburdened in-
dustrial pursuits of the country, it is proposed
by the gentleman that double the amount of
the import duties shall be relieved !
Mr. GRIMES. I may be mistaken, but I
never heard before that the tariff bill that we
had under discussion last winter in both Houses
of Congress was simply, an effort to-adjast the
then existing tariff so as to makeit correspond
with the then existing internal revenge laws.
We had done that in 1862 and 1864, The bil}
that we had under consideration l&st winter
was simply to protect, as it was said, the in-
dustry of the country, and there was BO argu-
ment advanced here for it upon any other
ground.
Now, Mr. President, I do not know that it
makes much difference to the Senate or the
country what may be my opinions, or whether
or not I have changed my opinions ; whether
or not I was once in favor of protection and
am now in favor of free trade. All l ean say
is, that if I have changed my opinions I have
followed the example of the distinguished
Senator from Vermont; for he has announced
here in regard to this subject exactly different
opinions from those which he declared in 186^
in the House of Representatives, where he took
the ground that, if' you imposed a hij>h tariff
you would diminish the number of consumers,
and therefore lessen the amount of receipts.
But, sir, it is not true that I ever was a pro-
tectionist, if by a protectionist you mean what
I understand to be meant by the high tariff
men of this body, a prohibitionist or a restric-
tionist, and there is not any difference. The
word " protection," as applied to this subject,
is a perfect misnomer. It never should be used
in connection with it, for there cannot be a
protection unless just to the extent that the
article is protected ; to that extent it is pro-
hibited. There are certain impediments thrown
in the way of carrying on the legitimate com-
merce or trade between citizens so as to pro-
tect the man who manufactures the article at
home against the man who manufactures it
abroad, and just so far as it is a protection it
is a hinderanee, it is a restriction upon trade,
it is a prohibition upon trade.
Now, sir, as to what my positions were, I
can tell the Senate that I never was a pro-
tectionist of that description. I never voted,
as I have been charged in the New York Tri-
bune and other places, for Mr. Clay. I never
had an opportunity to do it. The first presi-
dential vote I ever gave was in 1848. And, as
I am charged here with being a free-trader, I
will say that if it be a free-trader to try to
obtain just as much money as possible for the
benefit of the United States from imports I
am a free-trader. I am in favor of a revenue
tariff. That is legitimate and proper; but the
moment the Government undertakes to go
beyond that and take money from my pocket,
or take the profit of my labor, for the purpose
of building up a particular manufacture for the
benefit, of the Senator from Vermont, that mo-
mentthe Government transcends its obligation
and its duty. That is the kind of a free-trader
I am. I am in favor of getting just as much
money as possible, and I would, if I could, pay
the entire expenses of this Government from
the duties received from imported articles.
There is not any trouble about building up
manufactures. They will be created just as
fast as the capital of the country shall become
concentrated, and can be used in that way more
profitably than in any other business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How about the tax on
whisky?
Mr. GRIMES. That is a different thing.
That is on a domestic product.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You said you would
raise the whole revenue from the duties on
imports?
Mr. GRIMES. There are some specific
articles of domestic production that might be
taxed ; but I am speaking now in general terms
with regard to the question of the tariff; and
in order to convince, if I am able to do so, the
Senator from Vermont that I havenot changed
my opinions on this subject; that I entertain
to-day exactly the opinions I have always enter-
taiued; that in my conviction a man has a
right to his limbs, and he lias just as much
right to the product of his limbs, to the pro-
ductions of his industry , as he has to his per-
son ; and that when you undertake to say that
