1954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
I shall not be permitted to send the product
of my industry in the shape of wheat to Monte-
video, to Brazil, or to Buenos Ayres, to obtain
with twenty bushels of my product a thousand
pounds ofwool with which to clothe myfamily,
but, on the other hand, I shall buy only one
hundred pounds of wool from a farmer of Ver-
mont, it is incumbent upon the Government to
show a good reason why I should thus be
restrained; and the only reason that they can
assign is that it is necessary to preserve the
Government that I should be thus restrained
in order to procure the means with which the
Government can be conducted. Just to that
extent it has a right to restrain me, and no
further.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to state, in
order to be consistent myself on this subject,
that I offered a similar proposition in the Com-
mittee on Finance, and I found myself in the
condition of the juror who had eleven con-
trary, obstinate men upon the jury. I had six
against me in committee ; I voted solitary and
alone for a proposition of this sort; but I find
now some company in the Senator from Iowa.
I have no speech to make on this subject.
I have no idea that the Senate will adopt the
amendmenf, and yet it is just what my friend
from Maine wants. It is worth all the draw-
back that ho could possibly get, even if he
were to multiply it by two, in resuscitating the
injured and depressed industry of ship-building
in his own State.
Mr. President, my judgment is that now is
the proper time to commence a reduction of
the tariff. The Senator from Vermont says
that it is utterly impracticable; we cannot do
that. Why? Because we want the money,
and a high tariff necessarily produces a larger
amount of money than a low one, I do not
think so. The history of the world does not
show it. The history of our own country does
not show it. I have not the time now to enter
into the figures on the subject; but our condi-
tion, if we follow it up, wiil bo the same as the
condition of England after the war with France
which closed in 1815. They increased the du-
ties, and English history will show it, from
that time up to 1842. They continued to in-
crease them, both excise and customs duties.
In 1842, when Sir Robert Peel became prime
minister, he suggested a different course of
policy. I have before mo a work on that sub-
ject, "Tayler's Taxation of England." The
author says:
"On the 11th of March, 1842, Sir Robert Peel en-
tered upon his bold and comprehensive scheme. He
took an extended view of our financial history of
late years, pointing out the constant deficiency of
the revenuo as compared with the expenditure, in
despite of an increase of duties and population."
What did he suggest? Did he suggest a
continuation of the old system, or did he sug-
gest, in order to meet the annual deficits of
the Treasury, that taxes should be increased?
On the contrary, he suggested that taxation
should be decreased. What effect did it have
upon the English finances ? He did not at that
particular time say that the corn laws must be
repealed ; but in 1845 he did. He tried a re-
duction of duties, and he found that it increased
the revenue, and then it was that he changed
the entire policy of the English Government.
He suggested in 1845 an absolute repeal of
the corn laws. Gentlemen answered Mr. Peel
then just as we are answered here now: "If
you do this, you will ruin the Treasury; you
will bankrupt the country;" but, sir, the sin-
gular proposition is apparent before us in Eng-
lish history, that upon the repeal of the corn
laws English finances improved instead of
deteriorating.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They did not get so much
revenue on corn, did they ?
Mr. HENDERSON. No; certainly not.
Now, sir, will it damage us in this country to
export a little more and import a little more?
Suppose that the taking off of excise duties
will stimulate the manufacturing products of
the northern States; that is what we are pro-
posing to do, is it not? We propose now,
instead of levying this tax that we have levied,
much against my will if I had my way, a tax
of five per cent, on manufactures, to take it
off by this bill. Will not that stimulate manu-
factures to a larger production than before?
If not, we had better not take it off. I sup-
Bose it will do them some good; will it not?
loes it not then increase the products of the
nation? If so, what is to become of them?
Must they not be exported; and if exported,
shall we not get something in return? If we
do, I apprehend that this intercourse between
this and other nations of the worhi will give
some employment to my friend's shipping in
Maine. It is depressed simply because there
is nothing to do; there is nothing to be carried
in the ships, and unless we can revive the busi-
ness with which shipping can bo stimulated,
and upon which it can make profits, of course
there is no necessity for shipping at all.
Mr. President, what we want, as I under-
stand it, is to stimulate all the articles of in-
dustry; to increase their products; and in in-
creasing their products to increase the inter-
course between this and other nations of the
world. It is not to be expected that other
nations will pay us entirely in coin for the prod-
ucts we send to them.
As I said before, it does not necessarily fol-
low that the reduction of the tariff will not
give us an increased revenue. As the Senator
from Iowa very properly says, he was called
upon during the war again and again, and I
was called upon five or six times by my friends,
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] and the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessexdeit,] to vote
for an increase of the tariff. I never believed
much in high protective duties; I never have
been in favor of them ; but I was compelled
to vote for them upon the representations of
the Committee on Finance that they were ab-
solutely essential, that they were necessary
under the circumstances. I found it to be so,
because if wc levied high rates of excise duty
upon our own industry *of course we had
to protect that industry, and I saw no other
way of protecting it except by increasing the
rates of duty. Now it is proposed to take them
off; and what return have we ? I dislike to
speak on this subjectbecause gentlemen charge
me with being sectional in my views and feel-
ings. The proposition, as I understand it, is
now to leave tobacco and whisky, western
products; to leave petroleum, a product of the
central States; to leave sugar and turpentine,
the.products of the southern States, to be taxed ;
but the manufactures of the eastern States, of
the Atlantic States, are to be entinely exempted.
What return do we of the West get? Is it to
keep the exorbitant rates of tariff duties just
precisely where they were before? That may
be all right; it may be proper; and it may live
for a short time, but it will not live a great
while. The day will come when New Eng-
land manufacturers and New England ship-
owners and New England commercial men will
find that their true interest is in a direction
very different from that which their represent-
atives have been pursuing in this body.
I have no idea, as I said, that this proposi-
tion is going to receive much support; but
now is the proper time to present it, and if it
is not done now it never will be done. I know
perfectly well that it is exceedingly difficult to
get duties off. Why ? Because gentlemen in-
sist all the time that you must keep something
in the Treasury. I know that. Gentlemen in-
sist upon the payment of high rates of interest
upon bonds ; they also insist that we must pay
the necessary taxes ; and yet my friend from
Maine says the shipping cannot afford it; the
Senator from West Virginia says petroleum
cannot afford it; and after awhile I may say
that tobacco and whisky cannot afford it from
the West. Now, sir, what is to afford it? And
yet we have these exorbitant rates of interest
to pay, and we must necessarily meet them.
In what way are we to meet them? By shoul-
dering the entire burden of the affair on the
West? Surely not. It cannot be done.
Mr. President, I hope the amendment of
the Senator from Towa will receive anyhow
a respectable vote. The day will come when
the measure will bo successfully agitated. Ten
per cent, reduction is not enough ; it ought, to
be twenty per cent. It ought to be largely
more than is proposed. Gentlemen need not
jump at conclusions and insist that necessarily
a reduction of the tariff will bring about a re
duction of the revenue. It does not follow;
it cannot follow; and if it does follow, then
we might as well give up the entire question.
I do not desire to take up the time of the Senate.
I have said nothing on this bill, and did not
expect now to say a word. I did not intend to
offer a proposition of this sort. It was voted
down by such a large majority in committee
that I felt it was not necessary to do so. Tho
Senator from Iowa, however, has presented it
to the Senate, and I feel bound to vote for it,
and I have felt bound also to give the reason
for my vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of tho Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FERRY. 1 wish to say one word only.
I shall vote against this amendment for the
same reason that I voted against the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine, because I do
not wish to jeopard and hazard the original bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 32 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Davis, Grimes. Henderson, Hend-
ricks, Johnson, McCreery, Norton, Patterson otTen-
liossee, Pomeroy, Saulsbury, Trumbull, and Yiek-
ers—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cameron,
Cattell, Chandler, Cole, Conklmsr, Conness, Corbett,
Cragin, Dixon, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Fessenden,
Frelinghuysen, Howard, llowe, Morgan, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Ramsey, Sherman, Sumner,Tipton, Van
Winkle, Wade. W iiley, Wilson, and Yates—32.
ABiS l'> NT—Messrs. Bayard, Doolittle, Fowler, Har-
lan. Morton, Ross, Sprague, Stewart, Thayer, and
Willi ams—10.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will
allow the bill to be reported to the Senate,
and then I shall not object to an adjournment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly; but I
thought we could not get through with the
bill to-night.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not propose to do so,
but I want to have it reported to the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no further
amendment be offered, the bill will be reported
to the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to give notice
that I shall endeavor to get a vote on the bill
to-morrow. As it 19 important that our
amendments should be acted on by the House
of Representatives, there being but two days
of this week left, I desire to have the final vote
to-morrow, and I hope Senators will come pre-
pared to sit it out, if necessary.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Itis moved
that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 18, 1868.
Tho House met at twelve 0' clock m. Prayer
by Rev. Maxspield French.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
state governments republican in form.
The SPEAKER. The first business in or-
der is the consideration of the business pend-
ingattheadjournmentyesterday. beinga motion
entered on the 12th of July last by the gen-'
tlemati from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Broomall.]
to reconsider the vote by which the House re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary House
bill No. 126, to guaranty to the several States
of the Union a republican form of government.
