4002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
nays are being taken, we may be able to find
out what the joint resolution is about.
The yeas and. nays were ordered.
Mr. AXTELL. Would it be in order to
have the sections read which it is proposed to
have repealed by this joint resolution?
TheSPBAKER. Itwouldnot, foritwouldbe
in the nature of debate.
The question was then taken upon ordering
the joint resolution to be engrossed and read a
third time; and it was decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 95, nays 34, not voting 6fJ; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos II. Ashley, JamesM. Ashley, Bailey, .Baldwin,
Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Boles, Koutweil, Brom-
well, Buckland, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick It.
.Butler, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn.Uook,
Covode, Oullom, Dawes, Delano, Driggs, Ecldey, Ela,
Eliot, Fields, French, Garfield, Hamilton, Ilinds,
Hooper, Hopkins, Hulburd, Alexander II. Jones,
Judd, Julian, Kelsey, Koontz, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Loan, Houghridge, Lynch, Mal-
lory, Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy, McClurg.McICee,
Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Mulhns, Myers,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Poters, Pile, Plants,
Pomeroy, Itauin, Robertson, Sawyer, Schenck, Sco-
field, Selye, Shanks, Spalding, Starkweather, Tliad-
deusStevens, Stokes, Taffe, Taylor, Xiowbridgo,Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck, ElihuB. VVash-
burne, Henry L>. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Thomas Williams, William Williams, James
F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Baker,
Beck, Blair, lioyer, Biooks, Caiy, Chanler, Dixon,
Eldridgc, Ferris, Getz, (Jlossbrenner. Golladay,
Crover, Haight, Higby, Jenckes, Knott, Marshall,
Mungon. Niblack.ltandall.ltots, Sitgreaves, Stewart,
'i'abur, Thomas, Lawreneo S. Trimble, Upson, Van
Aukon, and Van Trump—34.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Banks, Barnes, Barnum,
Beaman, Bmgbaio, Blaine, Broomall, Burr, Cake,
lteaderW.Clarke,Cornell, Deweese,Dodge, Donnelly,
Fggleston, Farnsworth,Ferry,Finney, Fox, Gravely,
Uriswold, Halsey, Harding, Hawkins, Hill, Holman,
llotchkiss. Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. liubbard,
Ilichard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter, Inger-
soll, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kelley, ICcir, Ket-
cham, Kitchen, Laiiin, Lincoln, Logan, McCormiek,
McCullough, Morrell, Morrissey, Newcomb, Nichol-
son, Nunn, Phelps, Pike, Poland, Polsley, Price,
Pruyn.ltobmson, Boots, Shellabarger, Smith, Aaron
F. Stevens, Stone, John Trimble, Twitehell, ltobei t
T. Vauliorn, Ward,CadwaiadcrC. Washburn. John
T. Wilson, Wood, and Woodward—59.
So the joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
by which tlie joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
insisted oti its amendments, disagreed to by
the House, to the bill (H. 11. No. 1284) to
change and more effectually secure the collec-
tion of internal revenueon distilled spirits and
tobacco, and to amend the tax on banks, had
agreed to the conference asked by the House
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses,
and had appointed Mr. Sherman, Mr. Mor-
rill of Vermont, and Mr. Buckalew conferees
on the part of the Senate.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the amendments of the House
to the joint resolution (S. R. No. 1130) exclud-
ing ftoin the Electoral College votes of States
lately in rebellion which shall not have been
reorganized.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, the
bill (II. K. No. 938) to authorize the sale of
twenty acres of land in the military reservation
at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas.
enrolled joint resolutions and bills.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly
enrolled joint resolutions and bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 281) authorizing
tLe issue of clothing to company F, eighteenth
regiment United States infantry;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 189) excluding
from the Electoral College votes of States
lately in rebellion which shall not have been
reorganized;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 201) in relation
to the Rock Island bridge;
An act (H. R. No. 1119) for the registration
or enrollment of certain foreign vessels ;
An act (H. R. No.* 1080) for the relief of
Edward B. Allen ;
An act (H. R. No. 675) granting a pension
to the widow and child of Cornelius L. Rice;
An act (H. R. No. 672) granting a pension
to the widow and children of Charles W. Wil-
cox ;
An act (II. R. No. 670) granting a pension
to the widow and children of Andrew Hol-
man ;
An act (H. R. No. 669) granting a pension
to the widow and children of Myron Wilklow;
An act (H. II. No. 666) granting a pension
to Henry H. Hunter ;
An act (II. R. No. 664) granting a pension
to the children of Charles Gouler;
An act (H. R. No. 663) granting arrears of
pension to Cyrus IC. Wood, legal representa-
tive of Cyrus I). Wood, deceased ;
An act (H. R. No. 662) granting a pension
to the widow and children of George li.
Waters;
An act (H. R. No. 661) granting a pension
to the widow and child of William Craft;
An act (II. li. No. 521) granting a pension
to Soloman Zachman;
An act (H. R. No. 518) granting a pension
to George P. Gorliam, late a private in Com-
pany B, twenty-ninth regiment Massachusetts
volunteer infantry ;
An act (H- R. No. 201) declaratory of the
law in regard to officers cashiered or dismissed
from the Army by the sentence of a general
court-martial; and
An act (II. R. No. 673) granting a pension
to Saffrona C. Phelps, widow of John S.
Phelps.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. STOKES askbd and obtained leave to
withdraw from the tiles of the House papers
in the case of R. Kirkpatrick.
pay of john d. young, contestant.
Mr. HIGBY submitted the following reso-
lution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives bo directed to pay to John D. Young the
sum of $2,500 for expenses incurred by him hi tho
contested-election case between himself and Samuel
MeKeo.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has this
resolution been before the Committee of
Elections ?
Mr. HIGBY. The Committee of Elections
are unanimously in favor of it.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Then let them
report it. I move that the resolution be referred
to that committee.
The SPEAKER. That motion would be
in order if the previous question should not
be seconded.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask the chairman of the
Committee of Elections to state whether the
committee has not acted on this resolution ?
Mr. COOK. As a member of the commit-
too, I will state that the Committee of Elec-
tions havo agreed to this resolution.
On seconding tho demand for the previous
question, there were—ayes 50, noes 41 ; no
quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers ; and appointed Mr. Hibby and Mr.
Ashley of Ohio.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 57, noes 58.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move the refer-
ence of the resolution to the Committee of
Elections.
Mr. DAWBS. This resolution has been
before the Committee of Elections, and it has
been unanimously agreed to.
Mr. McKEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to debate
the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution then goes
over under the rules.
civil-service bill.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the House now resumes the con-
sideration of the motion pending at the adjourn-
ment last Monday, that the rules be suspended
so as to make the civil-service bill the special
order as soon as the general appropriation bills
are disposed of, and not to interfere with the
tax bill.
Mr. JENCKES. I yield for a moment to
gentlemen to introduce bills.
arkansas tax commissioners.
Mr. SCHEN CK,by unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Ways and Means, reported
hack Senate bill No. 564, concerning the tax
commissioners for the State of Arkansas, with
the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill provides that all acts and proceed-
ings which have been had or performed by any
two of the tax commissioners in and for the
State of Arkansas, shall have the same force
and effect as if had and performed by the three
of said commissioners.
Mr. SCHENCK. This is a Senate bill, and
provides that the action of two commissioners
where the other was sick and did not reach the
place shall be legal. The committee recom-
mend that it pass as it came from the Senate.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time ;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; aud also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
post route bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, reported a bill (H. R. No.
1427) to establish certain post roads; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The bill contains
nothing but post routes. It provides for no
general legislation.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
tho vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
national board of trade.
Mr. PILE. I desire to present the petition
of the National Board of Trade, which met
several weeks ago in Philadelphia, and ask that
it be ordered to he printed in the Globe, as it
is an important paper relating to the Missis-
sippi river.
It was ordered accordingly. The petition,
which is as follows, was relerred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce:
secretary and tee isorer's office,
boston, June 6, istss.
Whereas a bill is now pending before Congress
having for its object the granting of a charter to cer-
tain individuals ior the purpose of constructing a
canal or channel through Pass l'Outre, one of the
outlets of tho Mississippi river to the sea, with the
right to collect tonnage dues or toll lrom all vessels
making uso of tho same; and whereas the imposition
of such a tax would be a serious detriment to the
carrying trade of tho country by necessarily in-
creasing the cost of transportation on the products
aud manutactures of all sections: Therefore,
Beit resolved, I. That the Mississippi river, being
a national highway, should always be kept free from
its highest navigable point to its outlet, and no
charge of any nature whatever should ever be ex-
acted from the shipping navigating its waters.
2. That Congress bo respectfully requested to refuse
the passage ol any such bill as is relerred to in Lue
preamble.
3. That Congress bo requested to pass a bill pro-
viding for the removal of all obstructions to t!te
navigation of the Mississippi river and its tributa-
ries, the work to be done under the direction of Uov-
eniuient otlieers, and not, as heretofore, by contract.
The above were unanimously adopted at the lirsi.
meeting of the National Board of Trade, held in the
city of Philadelphia, on the Gth of June, 1803.
F. fr.ALUY. President.
Attest: hamilton A. hill, Secretary.
