454
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July14,
Ho. of Reps.
Purchase of Alaska —Mr. Delano.
40th Con®....2d
the Committee on Foreign Relations has ven-
tured to assume the existence of such analogy.
In the case before us the treaty is incomplete
and the purchase not made until ^the money
required lias been appropriated. No liability
exists while a contract is in process of making.
Russia is presumed to understand our laws
and Constitution, and therefore knew that the
execution of this treaty depended upon the
judgment and will of the national Legislature.
She cannot therefore complain, for she has no
cause of complaint, if the Legislature refuse
the appropriation.
Here, then, is the case before us: Russia has
surrendered possession before the treaty was
completed; she had no right to do so; she was
m too great haste in this; but the fault is hers,
not ours. It would have been more respect-
ful to the legislative authority of the nation
if the Executive had not with sueh indecent
haste attempted to embarrass the nation by
■ taking possession of the ceded territory before
Congress had any opportunity to act; and the
Executive deserves to be informed that he
cannot by such usurpations commit and bind
the Government to injudicious and unwise
negotiations.
Executive usurpations of late are so com-
mon and so ilagrant, and the power of execu-
tive patronage so powerful, that we are in
danger of forgetting that there is any branch
or arm in the nation except the Executive.
And while these usurpations, which lead to
despotism, are being multiplied the cry is con-
stantly made that Congress is the usurping
power. This is simply the tyrant's plea auu
the tyrant's trick as if the people's Represent-
" atives who are elected only for two years, and
are without the power of patronage, are likely
to become usurpers. The absurdity of this
charge is its best refutation. Let it never be
•forgotten, however, that if tyranny and des-
potism shall ever usurp the powers of this
Government and overthrow our Constitution
and laws, it will be done by the Executive,
under the influence and power of the over-
shadowing and ever-increasing patronage of
the President. Thus it may be seen that Uussia
will have no rightto complain if the $7,200,000
are not appropriated.
But how different were the circumstances in
the case of our treaty with France. France
had long been indebted to our citizens for un-
lawful spoliations upon our commerce. The
claims of these citizens were admitted, they
were clear and incontestible. At length they
were recognized by the treaty of 1831. This
treaty did not create these claims, it simply
recognized them and guaranteed their payment.
There was no reason why these claims had not
been paid long prior to 1831, and war to en-
force their settlement and payment would have
been justifiable prior to the signing of the
treaty of 1801. To withhold the money longer
after the treaty had been made was adding
insult to injury, and therefore General Jack-
son but uttered the just sense of the nation and
of mankind when he threatened France with
war to enforce her duty to American citizens,
so long and so unreasonably neglected and
refused. What fair-minded statesman can dis-
cover any resemblance between this ease and
our incomplete, unexecuted treaty for the pur-
ehase of Russian America I leave the able
chairman of the Committee of Foreign Re-
tions to explain.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I will refer briefly to
some reasons why the treaty should not be
executed. First, then, it annexes territory
not coterminous, but distant some four hun-
dred miles from our present possessions, thus
inaugurating a practice totally different from
that hitherto prevailing, and furnishing an
example for the annexation of any territory,
island, or people, on the face of the globe. I
declare, sir, that in my judgment this treaty, if
consummated, will be a most dangerous preee-
' dent. We shall never be satisfied while own-
ing this territory until we also acquire the
British possessions which separate us; and the
desire of our people now so strong for the
occupation of British North America—a de-
sire, sir, that cannot be ignored—will be stim-
ulated by this purchase of Alaska and inten-
sified among our people to an extent that will
not promote, if it does not disturb, the peace
of nations.
But I may be told.that we "want" the
British possessions on our north. Certainly
we do, and we want all other lands that ad-
join us, and some that do not. What we de-
sire is one thing; what we need is another.
And how to proceed in obtaining that which
we need or that which we desire is quite an-
other question. To me, sir, it seems an
alarming fact, boding no good for the future,
that we are furnishing an example for the
annexation of territory not contiguous, by
which we may be led on to buy remote islands
and to annex distant nations with populations
that we cannot control by our own institutions,
and to govern whom will only be preparing
ourselves for the overthrow of a republican
and the introduction of a despotic government.
All this, sir, may be called idle fear, and be
scouted by gigantic intellects and comprehen-
sive statesmen ; but time, which is a great his-
torian, if not a present prophet, will decide'
whether this passion, now to be converted into
a governmental policy, for endless and unlim-
ited expansion and acquisition, South, North,
everywhere, is wise or unwise. I think it is
better that we propagate our institutions by
exhibiting to the world their utility, their be-
neficence, their adaptation to the happiness
of our people, rather than by attempting to
embrace this entire planet at once under the
cover of our " eagle's wings." The extrava-
gant and exaggerated eulogies upon the soil,
climate, minerals, fisheries, &c., of this Rus-
sian territory, fail to convince mo that this
purchase is valuable. There are few of our
people, sir, who will seek a residence under
the tropic of the north star, unless they have
a stronger love for inclement weather, un-
productive soil, and savage neighbors, than
the inhabitants of Russia. It is a remarkable
fact that during the long ownership of this
country by Russia, but few of her people have
made it their home, their permanent resi-
dence; and when it is remembered that emi-
gration is apt to follow the line of latitude on
which it starts, it is to my mind a convincing
argument that this country is unfit to be, and
never will bo, the abode and residence of civil-
ization to any great extent. It is idle and ab-
surd to presume otherwise.
A refutation of the extravagant accounts of
Russian America, made by the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations forthe House,
could be easily presented if time permitted by
introducing extracts from his report. For
example, on page 24 of this document, which
for the benefit of mankind is to be preserved
in history, we read:
"Alaska is a region of contrasts in character, pro-
duct, and dimit.ro,. It is three countries rather than
one, and that which is true of one part may have no
relation whatever to either of the others. It has an
interior, a Pacific, and an Arctic region wholly dis-
tinct from each other." <• * * * "To as-
sume that a fact applicable to a part of these greatly
diversified regions, and especially a fact that describes
Sitka, which belongs rather to British Columbia than
Russian America, as a characteristic of the several
Alaskan regions, would bewholiy unjust. We know
very little of these particular countries, and nothing
at all of countries like them."
Here are some important admissions, to
which I invite attention. This country is really
"three countries," we are informed, totally
different in "character,product, and climate,"
of which " very little is known ;" and of coun-
tries like them, it is said, we know absolutely
nothing. There is, in my judgment, quite as
much candor in this extract as in any part of the
report.
In the face of this admission, however, there
is an attempt to describe with accuracy the
soil, climate, minerals, fisheries, and other
characteristics and products of this territory,
about which it has just been admitted w©
"know so little." It ia also a remarkable tact
that while describing and painting this terri-
tory, in order to induce us to purchase it, we
are not very often informed to which of its
"three divisions" the excellencies spoken of
belong; whether it is the "interior," the
"Pacific," or the "Arctic" division that is
entitled to the particular eulogy is more'than
can be always ascertained by an examination
of the report.- -■ However, if the aggregate of
excellence described in the honorable chair-
man's report in climate, soil, and product be
equally divided among the three sections of
this country, we may, by > assuming that the
report is all fact and-not fiction, presume that
every inch of this territory is much to be
coveted.
It is to be observed, however, by a very care-
less reading of this report (see page 2s>) that
along the "sea-board''there is an "enormous
amount of rainfallthat the weather there
is "essentially cloudy throughout the year;"
and it is candidly admitted that " this has its
normal effect upon the class of vegetation that
will succeed in ripening under such conditions
of climate."
It is also admitted on the same page "that
the whole extent of country subject to these
rains is covered with sphagnum (moss) from
one to two feet in depth, and even on the hill-
sides this carpet is saturated with water and
renders progress through it very slow and dif-
ficult."
Elsewhere it is said this "moss" is used for
fuel. Here, then, is one " division" of your
triple country. This I suppose may be called
the "Pacific" division. Having previously
been informed by this report (see page 20)
that the warm currents from the equator,
which wash the shores of western America,
cause such a modification of temperature as
to create a mild climate in very high latitudes,
I was prepared to suppose that the ''Pacific"
division would certainly be the most desirable
part of Alaska. And I still think, if any of
my friends remove to Alaska, I shall advise
them to settle in this region rather than ven-
ture into the "interior," among the Esqui-
maux, or go to the unexplored "Arctic" divis-
ions.
Referring again to the accounts in regard to
the "Pacific" division, I find it said on page
22 that in latitude 6o° "ground ice" is found
at any time of the year six or eight feet be-
low the surface. We are happily informed,
however, that this "ground ice" does not pre-
vent "berries" or "vegetables" from growing;
but the kind of "berries" or "vegetables"
that flourish in latitude 55° north, where an
eternal bed of ice is to be found six feet be-
neath the surface, and where the surface itself
is not thawed out more than three or four
months in a year, I leave the able and can-
did author ot the report to which I have re-
ferred to explain.
On page 22 of this report we are, however,
informed that among the Esquimaux, where
the moss or sphagnum which covers the whole
country has been removed, as at Port St.
Nicholas, the ground actually thaw? to an
average depth of three feet from the surface.
This is refreshing, indeed, to the agricultur-
ist, and will make him exclaim wi;h raptur-
ous delight this is the place where—
" Oats, peas, beans, ani barley grovr."
Only imagine, as soon as you get rid of this
fungus, ealled moss, which covers the entire
country, the surface will actually thaw out to
the depth of three feet sometimes, and then
you have nothing but a measureless depth of
"ground ice" beneath, which keeps you cool
and comfortable while cultivating corn or har-
vesting small grain, and relieves you from all
unpleasant danger of sun-stroke.
