2918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
Jutfe"®,
bo/d, permit, entry, or other document,-required by
tWe provisions of this act, or by any regulation made
ifi pursuance thereof, or who shall procure the same
yto be falsely or fraudulently executed; or who shall
tadvise, aid in, or connive at the execution thereof,
shall, on conviction, be imprisoned for a term not
less than one year nor more than five years; and the
property to which such false or fraudulent instru-
ment relates shall be forfeited.
i No am endment being offered, the Clerk read
as follows:
Sec-. 84. And be it further enacted. That manual-
labor schools and colleges and benevolent institu-
tions shall not be required to pay any special tax
on articles manufactured by the pupils or inmates
thereof' or on the sales of such articles when tho
proceeds of such manufacture are applied exclus-
ively to the support and maintenance of sueh insti-
tutions: Provided, That this exemption shall not
apply to manufactures of tobacco, snuff, cigars, dis-
tilled spirits, or ail.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
as follows:
Sec. 85. And be it further enacted, That any arti-
cles on tho manufacture of which any special or spe-
cific internal tax is imposed may bo purchased by,
or for the use of, the United States free of sueh tax.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike out the
words "special or specific."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK7 I move further to amend
by adding at the end of the section the words,
'' under such regulations as the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue may prescribe."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows
Special Taxes.
Sec.SG. And be it further enacted, That every per-
son engaged in or prosecuting any trade, business, or
profession, hereinafter mentioned and described,
shall pay a special tax thereior, as hereinafter pro-
vided, and shall furnish to the proper assistant
assessor o! the district in which he conducts or pro-
poses to conduct any trade, business, or profession, a
statement setting forth his name and residence, or if
he be associated with others, the style of the firm or
company, with the names and residences of each of
the individuals constituting such firm or company,
and the trade, business, or profession, and the place
where it is to becarried on; if a peddier,under what
class he proposes to be assessed; if an innkeeper,
the yearly rental valueof'the house and property he
proposes to occupy. All which facts shall be returned,
duly certified by sueh assistant assessor, to both the
assessor and collector of the district. And all such
special taxes shall be for one year, and become due
on the 1st day of May in each year; but on com-
mencing any trade, business, or profession after the
1st day of May in any year shall be reckoned pro-
portionately for that part of the year untif the 1st
day of May flowing. And tho special tax shall be
paid to the collector of the district, as hereinafter
provided, who shall give a receipt therefor.
Mr. BUCKLAND. I move to amend this
section by adding at the end the following :
Provided, That whenever any person engagedin or
prosecuting any trade, business, or profession, after
having paid the .-.-pechit tax required by this act, shall
assign or transfer his whole business to any other
person before the expiration of the year for which
such taxhas been paid, no additional tax shall be
charged inconsequence of such assignment or trans-
fer for the unexpired portion of the year for which
the tax has been paid.
I understand the rule now is to charge the
same rate of tax to the assignee or transferee,
notwithstanding the tax has been paid for the
whole year by the seller. The object of this
amendment is to change the rule in that
respect.
Mr. HOOPER. If the gentleman will look
at section ninety-two I think he will find that
provided for. At any rate, if it is hot, there
would be the proper place for it.
Mr. BUCKLAND. This relates to special
taxes, so called; that is another subject.
Mr. PRICE. I suggest to the gentleman
from Massachusetts that that provision does
not cover this case. A man takes out his
license to-day. To-morrow he sellsit to another
party and makes a transfer. The party lias
to take out a new license. I understand the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bucklakd] is designed to cure that evil. It
is not provided for in the ninety-second section.
Mr. BUCKLAND. I think the gentleman
from Iowa is right, and that that section does
not cover the point which my amendment is
intended to cover.
Mr. ALLISON. I quite agree to that, and
we do not want to have it cover it.
Mr. MAYNARB. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Ohio that his amendment would be
more appropriate to section ninety-two.
Mr. BUCKLAND. I will withdraw it, then,
for the present, and offer it when we reach
that point.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before we pass to section
eighty-seven, I desire to ask the consent of the
committee to consider that section by clauses
or paragraphs, as each clause is distinct.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair was about to
state that according to the usage, unless other-
wise directed by the committee, the Chair will
treat every paragraph as a section while the
eighty-seventh section is under consideration.
Mr. WOODWARD. I move to strike out
the eighty-sixth section, and I suppose if my
motion prevails it will carry out the whole of
the eighty-seventh section also, containing all
the specifications. I do not know how other
gentlemen feel, but I am willing to give them
an opportunity to express their opinions as to
taxing all these branches of industry in the
community. It is'only another mode—and not
a very direct or honest mode of taxing the
consumer. I do not understand it to be neces-
sary to the Government that all these branches
of business should be laid under the heavy
hand of this Government in its taxing power.
I admit the right of the Government to come
down on the business interests in this manner.
But I do not deem it necessary, and not being
necessary, I deem it inexpedient to do it. I
am opposed on principle to all this form of
taxation. It is to be resorted to only in case
of necessities which do not now exist.
I have not time in five minutes to enter into
any larger view of this subject, nor have I any
disposition to enter into a general discussion
of the subject. If there are any gentlemen
here who are for emancipating the industry
and enterprise of this country from the most
odious form of taxation that any Government
ever found it necessary to lay upon them, they
will vote for my amendment. I say that it is
asking the people to bear too great a burden,
to bear too irritating a burden, to adopt this
mode of inquiring into the profits of every
man's business and taxing him according to
the enterprise and industry with which he is
prosecuting his business. It is an odious tax.
It is a tax which, I agree, the people will sub-
mit to if it be necessary, but it is not neces-
sary in this case.
The English Government derives its revenue
from very few objeets of taxation, and those
which interfere in the least possible manner
with the industry and liberties of the people.
This bill, in the sections which we are now
considering, is founded upon exactly the re-
verse of that policy. It interferes with the
business of the people in every possible par-
ticular. It descends into the minutest account
of his affairs and requires him to exhibit them
to the collector, to settle his accounts with the
Government every year, and to pay a large
tax upon his profits.
I have not time in five minutes to enter at
large into this question, but I feel such repug-
nance to all this class of objects of taxation
that I have made my motion in good faith to
strike out this section; and if it were stricken
out, I do not believe the harmony of the pro-
portions of the bill would be inpaii-ed ; I do not
believe the Government would be harmed; I
do think the people of this country would
be very greatly relieved of a most disagreeable
burden.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I am very sorry that from
the tone of voice in which the gentleman
expressed himself it has been impossible^ for
me to hear one single word of his objections
or of the reasons by which he sustains his objec-
tion to this form of taxation. I understand his
proposition to be to strike out all that relates
to special taxes with a view to testing the
judgment of this House on the propriety of that
mode of raising revenue. To that I answer,
in the first place, that it assumes importance
from the amount of taxes derived from these
objects of taxation. The whole amount during
the last year was $18,186,446.- By a readjust-
mentof the special taxes and an extension of
them, and by including as a part of the special
taxes a tax on sales above a certain amount,
it is probable that under this head will be
included one ef the largest sources of our rev-
enue daring the coming year.
. Now, sir, why should we dispense with
special taxes ? It is objected that they are par-
ticularly odious, and are contrary to the genius
of our institutions. These tax.es are, perhaps,
less felt than any others. They are taxes small
in their amount, even in the gross levied upon
particular persons ; and so far as they are now
increased by extending taxation  to sales in
proportion to the amount of those sales, instead
of adding to the burdens of our people it will
relieve them of a very heavy burden that was
before imposed upon the industrial interests ot
the country, in the shape of a direct tax upon
the commodities produced by different manu-
factures.
I hope that instead of adopting a sweeping
proposition of this sort, and taking from the
revenue the large amount which we can derive
from this source for carrying on the Govern-
ment, I hope gentlemen will content them-
selves, as we consider this section clause by
clause, with making their comments or offer-
ing their amendments, if they have any to pro-
pose, to the particular subjects of taxation as
we consider them. And it will be found as
we go on that one large source of increased
revenue from taxation of this sort is derived
from our bringing upon the list at increased
rates those things which are more purely objects
and productions of luxury, articles involving
the ministering to luxurious appetites.
For instance, we have increased largely the
tax upon lottery managers, upon public amuse-
ments, upon the larger classes of hotels, &c.
And to sustain the motion now made would
eut off the possibility of reaching those sub-
jects at all, as we propose to do. I hope no
such amendment will prevail
The question was then taken upon the
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I move to amend
section eighty-six by adding to it the follow-
ing :
Provided, That in case of the change in the mem-
bers of a firm such change shall be reported to tho
assistant assessor, and such change shall not be con-
strued to require a new license or tax.
Mr. ALLISON. I would inform my col-
league [Mr. Loughbidge] that that is already
provided for in another part of the bill.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I withdraw the
amendment if that is the case.
No further ameudment was offered.
The first paragraphs of the next section
were then read, as follows :
Sec. 87. And be it further enacted. That the follow-
ing special taxes shall be, and are hereby, imposed:
Retail dealers. Dealers whoso business it is to sell
or offer for sale any goods, wares, or merchandise, of
foreign or domestic production, not including wines,
spirits, malt, malt liquors, or crude petroleum, and
whose annual sales exceed §5,000 and do not exceed
$25,000, shall be regarded as retail dealers, and shall
each pay twenty dollars. But any retail dealer of
general merchandise who also sells or offers for sale
tobacco, snuff, or cigars, shall pay an additional ta?;
of five dollars, and shall pay five dotlars, although
his aggregate annual sales may be less than $o,U00.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by insert-
ing before the clause relating to retail dealers
the following paragraph:
There shall be assessed and collected on all bonds,
the interest on which is payable at the Treasury of
the United States, a tax of one and onehalf percent-,
per annum on the principal of said bonds; one half
of such tax on all such bonds, the interest on which
is payable semi-anmsally, shall be withheld by the
proper officer of the Treasury from the semi-annual
accruing interest on coupons at the time the same
shall be paid; and the tax aforesaid on sueh of said
bonds, the interest on which is payable annually,
shall be withheld from the interest or eoupons at the
time of the payment thereof.
Mr. GARFIELD. T rise to a point of order:
that this amendment is not germane to the sub-
ject of this section.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair snstains the
point of order. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Indians [Mr. Holman] dees not
