1868.]
APPENDIX TO- THE CONpBESSIONAL GLOBE.
40th Coxg....2d Sess.
Appeal to the Southern Whigs—Mr, Maynard.
Ho. of Beps.
, But the striking adaptation of this country
for agriculture is established by some facts
presented on the twenty-fourth page of this
Report, where we are informed that during the
year there are one hundred and seventy-four
days in which "snow and rain fall at intervals,"
one hundred and seventeen days when snow
and rain fall continuously, and of pleasant days
absolutely seventy-four, which make, all told,
two months and a half of pleasant weather.
If this is not sufficient to induce our prairie
and eastern farmers to abandon this abomina-
ble climate and flee to a country where they
can stand on perpetual ice and be refreshed
with showers of snow and rain two hundred
and ninety-one days in each year, we shall be
compelled to doubt their intelligence, and must
say to them, "Ephraim is joined to his idols;
let him alone."
Mr. Chairman, this purchase can do us no
good j will do us much harm. It is without
value either to agriculture, commerce, or man-
ufacturing industry. . It will be simply a source
of expense, and will add to the taxation of an
already over-taxed people. It increases exec-
utive patronage, .and makes room for a score
or. more of Government employes who render
no valuable service for their salaries. When
first presented to the American people it, was
universally condemned, and would .be now if
the honest voice of the nation could be heard.
But, sir, by some means this voice has been
suppressed. At first the entire press of the
country condemned the treaty, but by some
strange and unaccountable means, and for
some reason not apparent to the majority of
mankind, this voice of thepress has been stifled.
Nothing now can be published unless it favors
the completion of this treaty, and everything
admitted into the daily reports of the Associ-
ated Press must be in favor of its ratification-
Time may disclose the reasons that have pro.
duced this wonderful change. Time may fur-
nish information as to the inducements for so
many voluntary essays in the daily journals in
behalfofthis treaty. The people may discover
hereafter liow public sentiment is, manufac-
tured when a great scheme, costing great sums
cannot be consummated by great men. without
manufacturing a public sentiment in its favor.
Mr. Chairman, 1 condemn this treaty, and I
regret that it was made. If the appropriation
for its execution passes without the preamble
which has been offered I shall esteem it a great
calamity. With such a preamble I shall feel
that some of the objections to the appropria-
tion have been removed. I want the treaty-
making power to understand that it is not
omnipotent, and that it cannot buy and sell
territory nor coerce appropriations without
the cousent of the popular branch of the Gov-
ernment.
In what I have said, sir, I do not wish to be
understood as reflecting upon the conduct of
the Secretary of State in negotiating this pur-
chase. I do not sympathize with those who
distrust his patriotism or depreciate his states-
manship. 1 believe, sir, that the nation owes
this man a debt, of gratitude it never will nor
never can repay; and however much I may
differ from him in regard to the propriety or
utility of this purchase, I shall never forget his
great services rendered to his country. Called
to the office of Foreign Affairs at the inception
of the great rebellion, ly brought to the dis-
charge of his difficult and delicate duties the
high and rare excellencies of character which
that position required. Wisdom, calmness,
and discretion characterized his conduct in
conducting our relations with foreign nations
during the most critical period of the nation's
history; and but for the possession and exer-
cise of those high qualifications it is difficult to
say what complications might not have arisen
to embarrass the nation in the important work
of self-preservation. For these inestimable
services I shall always honor him, however I
may disapprove other parts of his history.
Appeal to the Southern Whigs.
SPEECH OF HON. -HORACE MAYNARD,
O? '.TENNESSEE,
In the House or RepbeSent.iti.ves,
July 16, 1868.
The House beiag in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union— •
Mr. MAYNARD said:
Mr. Chairman : Once more, after an interval
of eight years, the people* of the South are
called upon to take part in a presidential elec-
tion. The part they shall take is a que'stion
of deepest moment to them" and to their chil-
dren. Shall they espouse the "lost cause"
or the "living cause," is the practical issue.
It is as clear as in 1864,' when each had its flag
in the field. There is no" middle alternative ;
there caii be,none. All attempts to organize
by ignoring the great struggle of the last eight
years as presenting nothing but "dead issues"
and "by-gone's" have failed, and will con-
stantly fail. All the men who aspire to rise, in
forgetfulness of the lessons taught us in these
years of carnage and devastation are doomed
to perpetual defeat. They would climb by a
rotten ladder.
THE LOST CAUSE.
What, then, is the " lost cause?" I shall in-
dulge neither in epithet nor denunciation ; but
leave them to its devotees and mourners. There
has from an early period been found in the
South an element of opposition to popular
government—a wide-spread distrust of man's
self-governing capacity, accompanied with a
kindred feeling that the ability to rule was lim-
ited to a small and favored class, comprising
the wealth and culture and the social preem-
inence ascribed to the traditionary "first fam-
ilies." These sentiments prevailed in South
Carolina and Virginia; to some extent in North
Carolina, less in Georgia. During the rev-
olutionary war they developed strongly in the
haughty and defiant Tory party, that looked
contemptuously on the efforts to maintain the
self-evident truths. After the war they strug-
gled to perplex and dash the counsels of the
men who, havingsecured for their country inde-
pendence and a recognized place in the fam-
ily of nations, were laboring to give it a stable
government, as the best guarantee of their
dearly- bought liberties. They resisted the form-
ation and the adoption of the Constitution.
When adopted they labored to emasculate it by
such construction as would deprive it of its vital
energy and reduce it to a limited partnership
from which any member might retire at pleas-
ure. By what arts they sought and gained
ascendency is of less importance to be known
than the use made of it when gained.
That the country grew and flourished, not by
reason of them, but in spite of them, is demon-
strated by the growth of the last eight years,
greater than that of any quarter of a century
previous. Alwa}'s loud in defense of the rights
of the people and the rights of the States, they
used this cry to cripple and embarrass the Gen-
eral or Federal Government, which was, in
truth, the surest safeguard of both. They
affected a superservicable reverence for the
Constitution which they invariably interpreted
in that sense least favorable to the dignity and
efficiency of the national authority. _ Every-
thing was opposed which appeared likely to
attach the people more strongly to the Govern-
ment by interest 01* pride: all measures foster-
ing our commerce and commercial marine; for
opening and improving highways and the great
channels of internal trade; for providing a cur-
rency redolent of nationality; for encouraging
American industry in its diversified pursuits,
or for promoting amity and good-will among
the other nations. Such ideas could not re-
main speculative and impersonal. They found
many and zealous propagandists. A great,
powerful, and successful political party was
unconsciously manipulated in their interest.
KtrLLiriCATION.
One of the prodigious growths of South' Car-
olina-was John 0. Calhoun. Gifted, educated
in the best 'northern schools, he while young en-
tered public life!, and Soon became conspicuous,
no less for his talents and industry than for the
breadth of his patriotism. He'was'a great
man; he was then a thoroughly national man.
In 1824, and again in 1828, he was elected to
the second office in the gift of the people. He
aspired to the first; and the aspiration became
a possession which' overmastered him,'as it Has
■done many others of greater or less-note from
that day down quite to the present. During
his second term of service as Vice President
and General Jackson's first term as President
he encountered the devious methods of New
: York politics to his cost; as has happened'iu
recent times. Calhoun went down ; Martin
Van Buren supplanted him in popular favor
and in Jackson's support. Disappointed, de-
feated, outwitted, chagrined, maddened, he
turned his great powers' against the Govern-
ment of which he no longer hoped to be the
President. His firstand immediate effort was
to array his own little State in an attitude of
hostility. But the determined bearing-of Old
Hickory,-himself a southern man, arid-the ntter
want of sympathy with the movement outside
of South Carolina, satisfied him that it- was
premature. So nullification, in the first act a
tragedy, in the second ended as a farce; and
its author was saved from disgrace, if not from
something worse, by the interposition and com-
promise of Mr. Clay.
The pretext for this movement was commer-
cial, a tariff act. General Jackson; who com-
prehended the situation, and knew that dis-
union was meant, knew also that the scheme
was adjourned, not abandoned. "The next
time,'' said he, in a letter to Mr. Forsyth, " the
pretext will be slavery."
SOUTHERN DEMOCRACY.
Not long after the inauguration of Mr. Van
Buren the country was surprised one day by
Mr. Calhoun's visiting the White House and
tendering to the President his friendship and
support. The offer was embraced, and the
Democratic party takes date from that peribd;
the two elements, Van Burenism and Calhoun-
ism, working together, the one for ascendancy
and place, the other for revenge, until they
finally dissolved at the convention which assem-
bled at Charleston on the 23d of April, I860.
They are now trying to recombine; with what
success remains to be seen.
The platform of this party consisted of the
Virginia and Kentucky State-rights resolutions
of 1798-99, and a set of resolutions upon sla-
very prepared under the direction of Mr. Cal-
houn and offered in this House on the 11th
December, 1838, by Mr. Charles G. Atherton,
of New Hampshire. These were the staple;
everything else was occasional and casual.
The southern Democracy, as the Calhounists
were called, controlled the organization. And
never was rule more despotic. Complete sub-
servience, unconditional surrender, were the
only terms ever made with their northern asso-
ciates. So long as they were obedient and
not too aspiring they were held in favor. But
let one of them become restive or seek a direct-
ing control, the curt mandate was, off" with his
head 1 so much for him ! These were the men
who foreordained nominations and adjusted
anew the platform. One of their schemes was
to prescribe what were called tests of Democ-
racy; always some new measure, more and
more obnoxious to northern sentiment, on the
subject of slavery. By this operation men bf
principle and self-respect were continually
driven from the party throughout the Isorth
until it was reduced to a minority in nearly
every northern State. As the correlative of
this process, and by the going to pieces of the
Whig party, (broken up by the craft 01 the
same men,) they obtained the ascendency w
nearly all the southern States.
