4004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
An act (H. R. No. 1069) for the relief of
Charle^B. Tanner, late first lieutenant sixty-
ninth Pennsylvania volunteers;
An act (H. R. No. 453) increasing the pen-
sion of Nancy Weeks, widow of Francis
Weeks, late an ensign in the revolutionary
war;
An act (H. R. No. 115G) authorizing the
Commissioners of the General Land Office to
issue a patent to P. N. Blake for one hundred
and sixty acres of land in Kansas ;
An act (H. R. No. 366) to incorporate the
National Hotel Company of Washington city;
An act (H. R. No. 420) to incorporate the
Connecticut Avenue and Park Railway Com-
pany in the District of Columbia;
An act (H. R. No. 1069) to provide for cer-
tain claims against the Department of Agri-
culture ; and
An act (H. R. No. 650) to amend the act
of 3d of March, 1865, providing for the con-
struction of certain wagon-roads of Dakota
Territory.
papers withdrawn.
Mr. BENJAMIN asked and obtained leave
to withdraw from the files of the House the
papers of Robert V. Keller, copies to be left
on the file.
WASHINGTON TAKGET-SHOOTING ASSOCIATION.
Mr. BALDWIN, from the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 344) to incor-
porate the Washington Target-shooting Asso-
ciation in the District of Columbia, submitted
the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. II. No. 344)
toincwporatc the "Washington Target-shooting
Association" in the District of Columbia, having met,
after full and free conference, have agreed to recom-
mend, and do recommend to their respective Houses,
as follows:
That the House recede from its disagreement to the
amendment of the Senate to tho said bill, and agree
to tho same with an amendment, as follows:
Strike out of said amendment, after the word
J provided," in the first line, the following words:
The amount of real property or estate to beheld
by the said association shall not exceed in value the
sum of#50,0(J0; and provided further that."
And the Senate agree to thesame.
JOHN 1). BALDWIN,
M. WBLKKK,
A. J. GLOSSBRENNER,
Jlfanaf/ers on the part of the House.
JAMES HARLAN,
UtiOlUiE VXOKEHS,
HOSOOECONKLINO,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report of the committee of conference
was adopted.
Mr. BALDWIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was adopted; antl
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SUTRO TUNNEL.
Mr. JULIAN. I move that the rules be
suspended in order that I may have an oppor-
tunity to submit the following resolution:
llesolved, That tho House will hold an evening
session on Tuesday evening, at half pastseven o'clock,
for the purpose of receiving and considering the re-
port of the Committee on the Public Lands on the
foulro tunnel.
Mr. WA8HBURNE, of Illinois. I hope not;
that is nothing but a huge gambling operation.
The question was taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, and it was not agreed to.
FBEEDMEN'S BUREAU.
Mr. ELIOT. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, for the purpose of taking from the
Speaker's table Senate bill No. 567, relating
to the Freedmen's Bureau, and providing for
its discontinuance, in order that it may be con-
sidered at the present time.
Mr. BROOKS. I think I must call the yeas
and nays on the motion to suspend the rules
unless some time can be allowed to discuss this
bill. I know it will be passed ; but I would
prefer to have a little discussion on it.
_ Mr. ELIOT. If the gentleman desires to
discuss this bill for ten minutes, I will consent
to yield that time to him.
Mr. BROOKS. That ia a great deal of time ;
we arc usually allowed one minute. We are
profoundly grateful to the gentleman for his
generosity.
The question was upon the motion to sus-
pend the rules in order to take the Freedmen's
Bureau bill from the Speaker's table.
Mr. ELIOT. If the bill can be considered
as before the House, I will yield for ten min-
utes to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks. ]
No objection was made, and the bill was
accordingly taken from the Speaker's table,
and read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The lirstsection ofthe bill, which wasread, pro-
vides that theduties and powers of the Commis-
sioner ofthe Bureau for the Relief of Freedmen
and Refugees shall continue to be discharged
by the present Commissioner of the bureau,
and in case of vacancy in said office occurring
by reason of his death or resignation the same
shall be filled by appointment of the President
on the nomination of the Secretary of War,
and with the advice and consent of the Senate;
and no officer of the Army shall be detailed for
service as Commissioner or shall enter upon
the duties of Commissioner unless appointed
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate ; and all assistant commissioners shall be
appointed by the Secretary of War 011 the nom-
ination of the Commissioner of the bureau. In
case of vacancy in the office of Commissioner
happening during the recess of the Senate the
duties of Commissioner shall be discharged by
the acting assistant adjutant general of the
bureau until such vacancy can be filled.
The second section provides that the Com-
missioner of the bureau shall, on the 1st day of
January next, cause the said bureau to be
withdrawn from the several States within which
said bureau has acted and its operations dis-
continued as soon as the same may be done
without injury to the Government. But the
educational department of the said bureau and
the collection and payment of moneys due the
soldiers, sailors, and marines, or their heirs,
shall be continued as now provided by law
until otherwise ordered by act of Congress.
Mr. ELIOT. I now yield to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] for ten minutes.
Mr. BROOKS. I have hardly had time to
read this bill sufficiently to fully understand it.
But it is presumed that we know all about it,
by a sort of happy instinct, so that it is hardly
necessary to discuss it or to know anything
about the scope and effect of it. This bill
turns up in the House for the first time this
morning, and will be put upon its passage and
made a law, so far as this House can make it a
law, within twenty-five or thirty minutes at the
furthest. We do business by steam, at high
pressure, at tbe speed of a locomotive in full
course, sixty and sometimes eighty miles an
hour. Put into plain English, this bill, as I
understand it, creates General Howard supreme
and absolute sovereign over the affairs of the
Freedmen's Bureau so long as he may choose
to continue at its head, without any interfer-
ence upon the part of tho President or the
Secretary of War. It makes him entire master
and controller of the bureau. This bill pro-
vides that:
No officer of the Army shall be detailed for service
as commissioner or shall enter upon the duties of
commissioner unless appointed by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate; and ail assistant
commissioners, agents, clerks, and assistants shall
be appointed by the Secretary of War, on the nom-
ination of the commissioner of tho bureau.
Thus this bill, as I have said, makes General
Howard supreme in all bis appointments. I
believe it has been established in a speech
made by my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Boyer] that, notwithstanding the declaration
of the honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Eliot,] that this bureau has cost
but $G,000,000 a year, the actual cost is
$15,000,000. 1 ask my friend from Pennsyl-
vania whether I am right?
Mr. BOYER. From some investigation
which I have made in relation to the expenses
of the Freedmen's Bureau, I verily believe
that the annual cost of the bureau is at least
$15,000,000 a year.
Mr. BROOKS. So that, in point of fact,
the sum of ยง15,000,000 annually is confided
to the absolute and supreme disposal of General
Howard. I do not know how honest this Gen-
eral Howard ma,y be; but this is too much
money and too much power to be put at the
disposal of any one man. General Howard's
prosperity has been wonderful. This, it is said,
has arisen from the contributions of individuals
and societies; but, however that may be, I can
only say that he has in course of erection ou
one of the beautiful hills adjacent to this city
one of the most palatial residences to be seen
in this or any other city of the Union. The
second section provides in the beginning for
the discontinuance of the bureau ou the 1st of
January next; but that proviaion is afterward
nullified by the words '' as soon as the same
may be done without injury to the Govern-
ment." The provision is in these words:
That the commissioner of the bureaushall, oh
tho 1st day of January next, cause the said bureau
to be withdrawn from the several States within
which said bureau has acted, and its operations dis-
continued, as soon as tho same may be done without
injury to the Government.
Who is to judge of this "injury to the Gov-
ernment?" General Howard. And it is not
likely that General Howard will ever think it
for the interest of the Government to discon-
tinue this bureau so long as he may be at the
head of it. But even it' the bureau could be
discontinued without, in General Howard's
estimation, " injury to the Government," the
bill makes the following provision :
But the educational department of the said bu-
reau, and the collection andpayment of moneys due
the soldiers, sailors, and marines, or their heirs, shall
be continued as now provided by law, until other-
wise ordered by act of Congress.
So that this bill, pretending to be a discon-
tinuance of the Freedmen's Bureau, provides
in reality for its continuance and perpetuation,
subject only to the future action of Congress.
I object, therefore, to the bill as deceptive in
its provisions. It is not an abolition or a dis-
continuance of the bureau, but its prolonga-
tion and pemanent establishment until repealed
by further action of Congress. The bill con-
tains this additional provision :
Provided, however. That the provisions of this
section shall not apply to any State which shall not,
on the 1st of January next, be restored to itsformer
political relations with the Government of the United
;Stales, and be entitled to representation in Con-
gress.
Who is to judge of this restoration to "former
political relations" and the right to represent-
ation in Congress? Is this to be determined
by General Howard, or by the two Houses of
Congress and the President of the United
States? The bill contains no exposition, no
declaration whatever on this subject. My
objection to this proviso is that under it, in
such States as Mississippi, Texas, and Vir-
ginia, and other States that may not be restored
to their "former political relations," this
bureau is to be continued indefinitely until the
two Houses of Congress shall repeal the act.
Here is a bill which in the beginning pretends
to discontinue the Freedmen's Bureau, but in
the end provides for its continuance through
all time in certainly three States of the Union,
unless the commissioner of the bureau or the
two Houses of Congress should hereafter oth-
erwise determine. Sir, we may disguise this
matter of the Freedmen's Bureau as we please,
it is nothing but an electioneering machine
from the beginning to end. It is the contriv-
ance of this Congress to manipulate, control,
regulate, and dominate the southern States of
this Union in order to keep those States sub-
ject to this Congress. Through the agency
of this Freedmen's Bureau the northern people
have heavy additions to their burdens of taxa-
tion. The northern people, who pay $1 25
per pound for tea, the people who buy sugar,
the people who buy coffee, the people who are
taxed in every form, are taxed for the support
of the Freedmen's Bureau. It is to affect the
