W56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
great body of the people, and is administered by
persons holding their oftiees during pleasure, for a
limited period, or during good behavior. It is essen-
tial to such a government that it be derived from the
great body of the society, not from an inconsiderable
proportion or a favored elass of it; otherwiseahand-
ful of tyrannical nobles, exercising their oppressions
by a delegation of their powers, might aspire to the
rank of republicans and claim for their government
the honorable title of republic."
A republican form of government may be
.said to be that in which the sovereign power
rests in the whole people in their corporate ca-
pacity, and is exercised by their representa-
tives chosen according to some established rule,
either by all the citizens or by such portion of
them as, by reason of domestic or social rela-
tions with the remainder, maybe fairly consid-
ered to represent the interests of all. If the
representatives be chosen by one tenth of the
entire number, and if that tenth be so selected
as fairly to represent the interests of the re-
maining nine tenths, the form of government
would be republican; but if that tenth be se-
lected according to some rule which would
make them antagonistic to any of the remain-
ing tenths—as if they be taken only from the
learned professions or only from the manufac-
turers, the merchants, or the farmers, or if they
be taken exclusively or largely from geograph-
ical divisions containing a minority of popu-
lation, so as to represent laud rather than
people—it is obvious that the whole people
would not be represented, and that the govern-
ment would be that of u elass only, an aris-
tocracy and not a republic.
To constitute the required lorin of govern-
ment, therefore, it is necessary that every citizen
may either exercise the right of suffrage him-
self, or have it exercised for his benefit by
some one who by reason of domestic or social
relations with him can be fairly said to repre-
sent his interests. In one of these cases he is
directly represented in the government, and
in the other indirectly. This indirect repre-
sentation is thatpossessed by women, children,
and all those under the legal control of others.
However desirable it may be that every free
agent should have bylaw an equal voice in the
common government, yet the i'aet that women
do not vote is not in theory inconsistent with
republicanism. The primary and natural di-
vision of human society is into families. All
forms of religion, all systems of laws, recognize
this arrangement. By common consent or com-
mon submission, whether founded upon reason
and justice or not, is not material to the argu-
ment, the adult males are supposed to repre-
sent the family, and the government is not
hound to look further than this common con-
sent or submission. It receives as represent-
ation ofthe family those whom the family sots
up in that capacity. When the women of the
country demand that they also shall be recog-
nized as representatives of the family, or of
themselves, they ought to be, and they will be,
so recognized. But when the demand conies,
all men who are afraid to measure intellect
with women on equal terms will object just
as all who suspect themselves to be below the
average negro in the scale of humanity will
oppose the measure now before the House.
But whether the foregoing definition of are-
publican form of government be correct or not,
one thing is certain: where political power
and the want of it are hereditary and partial
the government is not republican. The essen-
tial ingredient of that species of government
is that the sovereign power is in all the citi-
zens; and though political rights and duties
may not be enjoyed and exercised by all of
them, yet hereditary political privileges and
hereditary political disabilities destroy the
republican form.
It matters not how few, how poor, and how
ignorant the proscribed families are. It is the
existence of proscribed families which fixes
the character of the government. In no sense
can the sovereign power in such case be said
to be in all the citizens. For those who by
law inherit, and transmit only the right to be
governed the sovereignty might as well vest
in a single line as in ten thousand. The num-
ber of privileged families only settles the ques-
tion whether the government is a despotism, a
limited monarchy, or an aristocracy. I do
not, of course, deny the right to disfranchise
individuals as a punishment for crime, but I
do deny the right to make the disfranchisement
hereditary.
The bill under consideration sets out that
in certain States of the Union the elective fran-
chise is limited to certain families or races of
men, to the exclusion of other families and
races equally composed of citizens of the Uni-
ted States. This fact will not be denied, and
the only question to be decided is whether, in
this particular, the form of government in those
States is republican. If my definition and ar-
gument be correct, that question is of easy
solution. For the families and races excluded
there is neither direct nor indirect representa-
tion. In them 110 sovereignty exists. The
government, therefore, is that of a class, and
not of the entire citizens. It has all the char-
acteristics of an aristocracy.
It makes no difference in its favor that the
ruling class constitute the majority of the cit-
izens. On the other hand, the case of the
class excluded is the harder from the fact that
it is the minority. If the body of the citizens
were excluded, they might by combinations
force a kind of justice from their rulers. But
the condition of a disfranchised minority is
hopeless indeed. Even the resource of revo-
lution is denied to them.
If the majority may lawfully disfranchise the
minority on account of race or lineage, then
may the citizens of South Carolina of African
descent limit the elective franchise to them-
selves to the exclusion of their white fellow-
citizens. if in the form of government now
being constituted there such a limitation should
be placed, who in this Hall or in the country
would maintain that the government is repub-
lican? Not a single vote could be obtained in
either House of Congress for the admission of
a State with such a constitution. Now, if it is
not republican in South Carolina, where black
men are in the majority, to limit the suffrage
to black men, with what consistency shall we
maintain that it is republican in Ohio, where
white men are in the majority, to limit the suf-
frage to white men? Let us beware how we
advocate the doctrine that the minority may
be lawfully disfranchised on account of lineage,
lest that doctrine be turned against ourselves
and lest, for very shame we be obliged to submit.
If it be said that the case I am apprehending
cannotarise, that such a constitution presented
by South Carolina and persisted in would
insure and perpetuate her exclusion, I reply
that the danger is not to bo apprehended in
that shape. South Carolina will present no
such constitution ; she will first secure her ad-
mission. But State constitutions are subject
to change by a majority of the citizens under
certain forms and regulations. The spirit of
rivalry existing between the blacks and Dem-
ocrats, the war of races which forms so prom-
inent a part of tiie political creed of our op-
ponents is very likely if persisted iu to produce
its fruits of retaliation. Thus far the blacks,
where in tiie majority, have behaved with a
wonderful degree of forbearance: but who shall
answer for its continuance under continual
provocation? It will be from the exercise of
virtue more than human if the black majority
of South Carolina do not imitate the white
majority elsewhere, and after admission do not
change the constitution by inserting the word
"black" as a qualification for voting to cor-
respond with the word "white" in the consti-
tutions of other States. We have no right to
expect that they will be better than we are,
after all their degradation, after all the op-
pression they have undergone at our hands.
1 should be ashamed of the selfishness of my
race if I did not believe such an event very
likely to occur. Let us be forewarned!
With such a State, regularly admitted and
as " sovereign " as any other, only having ex-
ercised a right conceded to all other States
since the foundation of the Government, of
fixing and changing from time to time the
qualification of voters, what would we do?
We would decide that the form of government
is notrepubliean. Even our political opponents,
those great admirers of aristocracy and class
government, would concede that. But what
then? Some white citizen of South Carolina
would point us to the fourth section of the
fourth article of the Constitution and call upon
us for this guarantee, and how would we grant
it ? To refuse representation to the State
would not benefit the disfranchised white man ?
Would we make war upon a "sovereign State "
in profound peace with us? That was hardly
allowable, according to Democratic authority,
when the State was in armed rebellion. What
we would do is very manifest. We would pass
just such bill as that now before the House.
We would legislate the anti-republican pro-
vision out of the Constitution and provide
pains and penalties for anybody who should
attempt to enforce it.
If we admit that a majority of the citizens
of a State may lawfully disfranchise the minor-
ity on account of a difference of race or lineage,
what is there to hinder the process from going
far beyond the African? The larger portion of
our citizens are of Teutonic or Saxon lineage.
Yet no inconsiderable number are of Celtic
origin. Now, the antagonism of Saxon and
Celt, in the Old World is proverbial. Even in
our own country symptoms of this occasionally
appear. English writers upon ethnology are
fond of predicting that the battle ofthe Boyne
will at some time be fought over again on
American soil with possibly different results.
If we throw aside the positive declarations of
the sacred writings that all men are of one com-
mon parentage, and the inferences drawn from
similarity ofanatomical and physiological struc-
ture and from identity of passions, prejudices,
faculties, and instincts of good and evil through-
out the entire human family, if we throw these
aside there is not the smallest particle of evi-
dence that the Saxon and Celt are of common
origin. Science, history, and even tradition
are silent upon the subject.
I repeat, if we admit that a majority may
lawfully disfranchise the minority on account
of a difference of lineage, what is there to
hinder the Saxon from disfranchising the Gelt?
And when this is done why might not the Saxon
of British descent apply the same rule to him
of German origin, and so on until there shall
remain but a jingle powerful reigning family?
But I am told that this right to disfranchise
on account of race is not the absolute right of
the majority; that its operation is limited to
the black race; that this is a white man's Gov-
ernment; that all white men of all races have
equal rights, and that black men and red men
have no rights whatever except by the grace
and favor of the white men.
The title of the white man to the country, at
least as against the red man, will not bear very
nice inspection. It has at best no higher
foundation than that of present occupancy;
and if we rest it upon present occupancy it. is
certainly no better than that of the black man.
! If cultivating, if defending the soil, mingling
j with it one's sweat and blood, gives title to it,
! then indeed is the black man's right quite as
! good as ours.
Let me inquire at what period of our conn-
try's history the Government became exclu-
sively that of the white man? The negro has
j! always owed allegiance to it. He has always
j| been capable of committing treason against it.
i| He has always been subject to its laws. His
property has always been taxed for its support.
! He foughtfor its establishment. He fought for
! its preservation during the recent dark and
! bloody period, and that, too, when those who
i deny him all participation in it were seeking
| or conniving at its overthrow.
! _ Besides all this, the negro aided in the forma-
! tion of our present "more perfect Union."
! He was a voter in all or nearly all the States
I at the time. His representatives, as well as
J ours, said for him, as well as for us: " We,
i the people of the United States," "ordain
