1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and establish this Constitution." Itisgtrange,
indeed, if the Government, is not the Govern-
ment of all who created it, who are subject to
its laws, who owe it allegiance, and more than
all, who can be compelled to fight for its pres-
ervation 1
During the earlier years of the war, when our
political opponents had at length reluctantly
consented that the rebellion should be put
down if it could be done gently and without
hurting anybody, they opposed the arming of
the blacks; they maintained truly that doing
this would be acknowledging that the Govern-
ment is theirs as well as ours; but when the
business became serious, when the draft came,
they, as well as we, refused to exempt the black
man. _ Now, I accept the Democratic doctrine.
Nothing can be more sound than this proposi-
tion : none but white men should have been
called upon to fight for a white man's Gov-
ernment. Every Democrat who procured a
black substitute, every one who was saved from
the draft by the drafted black man, every
American citizen who now enjoys the blessings
of a preserved Government, is estopped from
claiming exclusive property in it as against
those who fought to sustain it.
It may be said that if the doctrine I have
been advancing be correct the late slave States
never had a republican form of government,
and the fact thai they were recognized at the
adoption of the Constitution as coming within
its provisions in this respect may be urged
against the correctness of my definition of
that form of government. It will not do to
reason thus too hastily. At that time the free
blacks in all or nearly all the States had the
right of suffrage, and, according to the theory
of slavery, it did not militate against the repub-
licanform that the slaves had not. Considered
as chattels, they could not, of course, be deemed
a political element any more than horses and
dogs. Considered as persons they were under
the legal control of others, and came within the
rule applicable to minors. Bad as the system
of human slavery was, it might in theory co-
exist with a republican form of government.
None but freemen can constitute the political
element of any State. In theory the slaves
were a part of the family of the master. The
relation between them was like that of parent
aud child, very like in many cases if the cler-
ical postmaster at Confederate Cross-roads is
to be believed. In theory the master repre-
sented the slaves in the State. Whether he
did them justice in that capacity is quite another
question.
When the free blacks came to be disfran-
chised, then the want of republican form first
began. But this was maiuly done after the
adoption of the Constitution, at successive
periods, by a State at a time ; aud being incon-
siderable in numbers^ and, without political
influence, the victims of the wrong were unable
to require and secure the guarantee. The glar-
ing want of the republican form in those States
first appeared when four million American
citizens, unrepresented in their Government,
sprang into existence at the bidding of the
conqueror. Before that time we might excuse
the disfranchisement of the few free blacks
upon the principle of the well known legal
maxim, de minimis non curat lex, but that
will not serve us now. We must now either
adopt universal suffrage or abandon the repub-
lican form of government. .
If it be objected to the bill that it proposes j
to regulate the right of suffrage in the States by
congressional action, and that that entire sub-
ject is left by the terms of the Constitution to
the States themselves, I answer, nothing is left
to the States themselves by the terms of the
Constitution except subject to the right and
duty of the United States to guaranty them a
republican form of government. It follows,
then, that wherever the want of a republican
form appears there we must legislate. If a
State should make lier offices hereditary we
would be obliged to legislate upon the term
and tenure of State offices. If she should shut
her courts against every man who could not
trace his descent from Adam, or some other
ancient celebrity, we would be obliged to legis-
late upon the duties of her judges and the
rights of suitors in her courts. In like manner
if she limit the right of suffrage to a favored
part of her citizens and their lineal heirs for-
ever, we can do nothing else than legislate upon
the question of State suffrage. I repeat, no
power whatever is reserved to the States ex-
cept subject to the right and duty of the United
States to guaranty them a republican form of
government.
The cause of universal suffrage is the cause
of the great laboring masses of the community.
Wherever suffrage is restricted the restriction
falls upon them. Nowhere are the poor and
the ignorant gifted with political rights and the
wealthy and the learned denied them.
Republicanism is only belter than other
forms of government because it secures the
due representation of all interests in the ad-
ministration of public affairs. My colleague
from the Luzerne district [Mr. Woodward]
says there is no antagonism between capital
and labor. I think he is mistaken. I grant
that each aids the other, and that without ,
either the other would be very inefficient for I
its own or the public weal. But all organic j
life is made up of antagonisms; and it is the
proper balancing of these antagonisms that
makes the world the glorious thing it is.
Capital is interested to make itself dear and
labor cheap, and labor is interested to reverse
this order. Derangement would follow if
either were permitted to have its own way to
the exclusion of the other; but when both
succeed to the full extent consistent with the
success of both in the general struggle and
rivalry, then that just equilibrium is produced
which we call a healthy condition of trade,
business, and society.
A government conducted solely in the inter-
ests of labor might fail in security to property,
and thus end in anarchy and ruin. On the
other hand, a government conducted solely in
the interests of capital might degrade and
depress the great masses of the people, bear
them down to a point just above starvation,
and end in aristocracy or monarchy.
It is the function of a republican form of
government to balance these and all other
conflicting interests, and it does this by giving
all of them their full representation in the
conducting of public affairs. If the Govern-
ment were composed of importers alone, it is
easy to see that no such question as that of
protective duties would be permitted to arise ;
and if domestic manufactures alone were rep-
resented, an ocean of melted lead might as !
well roll between us and the Old World as far
as foreign competing imports are concerned.
But both having political power according to
numbers,.a just equilibrium is produced, under
•which both kinds of business prosper. I men-
tion this as an instance of the rivaling inter-
ests with which all society is filled, and as a
powerful argument in favor of a republican
form of government, which, by equal repre-
sentation of all interests, produces an equitable
balancing of all antagonisms.
In every community labor has the advantage
of numbers and capital, the advantage of power
of combination to effect its purposes. Under
equal representation, such as exists to a great
degree in our northern States, these advan-
tages are found in the main to balance each
other aud to conduce to the general prosper-
ity. So true is this that men are constantly
being transferred from one class to the other
by a rule which is dependent upon their own
behavior, and any young man of ordinary
intelligence and opportunities may elect which
class he will enter.
A very different state of things existed for-
merly in the South. There labor was not rep-
resented in the Government except through the
small number of laboring white men. The
great mass of the laborers, being slaves, were
wholly without political power-. The natural
result followed. No poor man, though free
and white, could rise, because his business was
discriminated against in the management of
State affairs and the lands were appropriated
in farms of one thousand to one hundred
thousand acres by a comparatively small bq't
closely combined and powerful class of the
community.
The low price of labor in Europe and the
degraded condition of the masses may be in
some degree owing to a superabundance of
laborers, but much more to the fact that labor
is not fully represented in the Government.
This is well understood by the people, and the
various reform movements which have from
time to time extorted from the fears of those
in power some recognition of the right of labor
to representation, are movements in the right
direction. Universal suffrage and absolute des-
potism are the extremes to which ail Govern-
ments tend. There is no middle ground such
as that attempted to be occupied by England
and advocated by the Democratic party here,
which is capable of being held for any great
length of time. The first Napoleon, himself a
despot, said truly that Europe must event-
ually becomc all republican or all Cossack, and
it requires no prophet to foretell that when we
deliberately reject universal suffrage we will
be already on the road to monarchy.
I repeat, the cause of universal suffrage is
the cause of the great laboring masses of the
community. As long as their business is not
represented in the Government in its full force
and numbers, it will be discriminated against.
My colleague from the seventeenth district
[Mr. Moueell] is a manufacturer; I am very
happy to say a successful one. Now, what
would be say if it should be proposed to dis-
franchise half the manufacturers? Though he
were not included within the proscribed half
he would very properly object. It would de-
stroy the balance of power. It would weaken
the influence of his business in the councils of
the nation, and render it subject to unfriendly
legislation. It might increase his influence
among the manufacturers, but that would by
no means compensate for the loss of power in
the State and nation. Thus the want of the
black laborer's vote weakens the political
power of the white laborer. It is an ingenious
device of the capitalist to lessen the influence
of the white laborer by disfranchising so large
a portion of his business, and the cruel part of
it is that he makes the white laborer aid him
in the iniquity by playing upon his prejudices
of race and color.
My colleague from the Luzerne district is a
capitalist. It is all very well for him to cry
peace when he sees the labor of the country
to the extent of five million people disfran-
chised. He naturally wants things to remain as
they are. He has got the upper hold. When
the rebels had plundered our Treasury, and
seized our forts and arsenals and half our ter-
ritory, all they asked was to be let alone. They
could see no antagonism between them and
us. If the laborers of the country had man-
aged to disfranchise half the capital, my col-
league would preach quite a different doctrine.
His fears for the safety of his public stocks,
his bonds and mortgages, and his lands, would
then teach him that the world is made up of
rival and conflicting interests, which can only
be kept properly balanced by equal and fair
representation in the Government.
That general diffusion of wealth which is
the result of just and equal laws is a thing
greatly to be desired in all countries. That
system of government is the best one which
secures to every man the full share of the
world's goods to which his ingenuity and his
industry entitle him. I have 110 fear that cap-
ital will not be able to take care of itself. With
labor represented in the Government to the full
extent to which I think it ought to be, to the
full extent of universal suffrage, the advantages
would be quite sufficiently 011 the side of capital.
In asking universal suffrage, I am asking no
unfair advantage for the laboring masses of the
