1808.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2981
assessor or assistant assessor of the district in which
he is doing business. The payment of the special
tax, as a wholesale dealer, shall not exempt any such
person, acting also as a commercial broker, trom the
paymcntof the special tax imposed upon commercial
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend by
striking out in the first clause of tlie pending
paragraph the words "two dollars" in line nine-
teen, and inserting inlieu thereof the words "one
dollarso thatitwill read, "and one dollar for
every additional $1,000 in excessof $25,000."
It seems to me that the provision of this par-,
agraph, as it now stands, is calculated to impose
a very heavy burden on the wholesale grocery
dealers throughout the country. This tax is
imposed without reference to the question
■whether they make any profit on their busi-
ness. A grocer selling goods to the amount
of $500,000 in a single year may lose during
that year in the course of his business $50,000.
Yet, under the provisions of this section he is
required .to pay nearly one thousand dollars
over and above the special tax of fifty dollars,
for the privilegeof losingthatamountof money.
As I understand, there is no exception to this
rule. How would the provision operate? A
wholesale grocer, for instance, does a business
of $500,000, or perhaps more annually; and
there are perhaps several such in my own town.
In the city of Chicago there are doubtless a
hundred houses doing an annual business of
from $5,000,000 to perhaps $12,000,000. Yet,
one of these houses may lose from $50,000 to
$500,000 a year, and still it is required to pay
not only the special tax, but two dollars for
every $1,000 in excess of $25,000. I under-
stand that under the presentlaw the tax assessed
upon this class of business men is one dollar on
every $1,000. The Committee of Ways and
Means now propose to double that tax. I do
not see why we should double it while we at the
same time take off the tax on manufactures.
When we are lessening the tax upon many
branches of industry why should this tax be
doubled?
Mr. PILE. Does the gentleman mean to
say that there are either in Peoria or in Chi-
cago grocers selling goods to the amount of
from five or six million dollars annually to
$12,000,000? . ,
Mr. INGERSOLL. Not in Peoria; but we
have them there doing a business of $500,000
annually.
Mr. PILE. I do not think there is a grocer
in the Mississippi valley who sells goods to the
amount of $3,000,000 annually, certamlynone
selling $12,000,000 or even $6,000,000.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I appeal to my col-
league from Chicago, [Mr. Jcdd,] who sits
beside me, to speak as to the amount of busi-
ness done by houses in that city. He informs
mo that there are grocery dealers there doing
a business of $3,000,000annually, while some
of the dry-goods houses sell goods to the
amount of $12,000,000 in a year. Well, sir,
the dry goods dealer who does a business of
$12,000,000 is included in this paragraph. I
hope fie tax of two dollars will be stricken out
and one dollar inserted.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, lam com-
pelled to repeat the statement that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have had m view
not merely a general decrease of taxes, but a
readjustment of them. They found the law
making a distinction against labor and in favor
of trade. They have not sought to frame a
law in favor of labor and against trade, but to
put trade and labor upon a fair and equal loot-
ing. We have released the industrial interests
of the country; your shoemakers, your hatters,
your cabinet-makers, &c., from the_ heavy bur-
dens which were imposed upon their manutac-
tures, while they were in numberless instances
paying from two to five per cent, ad valorem
upon the commodities produced by them ; and
we have remitted them to a system with which
they are well statisfied, under which they pay
two tenths of one per cent, upon their sales
of above $5,000. In view of oar action m
that respect, we have thought it fair to bring
the commercial portion of the community,
the traders of the land, up at least to- the
same footing. That is just what this bill
proposes ; that your wholesale dealer shall pay
110 more and no less than the small per ceutage.
of two tenths of orie per cent, upon his sales,
while your manufacturer who, by his com-
modity, adds to the wealth of the country, is
doing.the same thing. I say without reserva-
tion that if I were to make a distinction in this
respeet, I woulfi rather make that distinction in
favor of the producing interests—the interests
of those who add to the wealth of the country,
than to make it in favor of those who, being
but traders, are only engaged in exchanging
the commodities of the country. We have
not, however, sought to make invidious dis-
tinctions in any way, but to readjust matters
in such a manner as to put labor and trade
upon a fair and equal footing. It may be that
there are those who sell goods to the amount of
millions, and pay large taxes. I apprehend that
the reason their taxes are so large is that they
do so much business and have so much capital.
Mr. ING-ERSOLL. But their profits are
not necessarily large.
Mr. SCHENCK. Their profits are very apt
to be in proportion to the amount ot business
they do ; otherwise they would not go on doing
it. I hope we shall not legislate in favor oi
trade as against labor any more than in the
other direction.
Mr. BLAIR. I move a pro forma amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Ohio move his amendment in the nature
of a substitute for the pending paragrah?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do. It is a verbal
change with the exception of one line.or two.
It preserves the features of the paragraph.
Mr. INGERSOLL. My amendment is to
the substitute.
The CHAIRMAN. So the Chair under-
stands.
Mr. BLAIR. I wish, Mr. Chairman to say
a few words in addition to my previous reply
to the chairman of the committee. He seems
to argue, if he takes the tax off the manu-
facturers and puts it upon the sale of the
article, therefore he has relieved labor and
put the burden upon commercial men. He
mentioned the manufacturer of shoes. He
takes off the tax directly on the manufacture
of shoes and turns around and levies it upon
the man who sells the shoes. Is the laborer
benefited by that? .
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman has inad-
vertently fallen into a misapprehension in sup-
posing the man who sells the shoes is not taxed
at all, for part of his special tax is a tax of
two tenths of one per cent upon all sales
made by the manufacturer himself of shoes
.above $5,000.
Mr. BLAIR. What I say to the House,
and that is the sum of all I desire to say, is
that there can be no method by which a tax
can be levied on sales which will not operate
as a tax on the manufacturer. It comes back
in every instance upon the production of the
country. The tax that is levied upon the
seller is not a tax upon his commercial trans-
action. It is a tax upon the article he sells.
It must come out of it in the end. We all
understand that the party who produces the
article pays the tax. It must come back to
the seller. It seems to me immaterial whether
you tax the manufacturer of the article or put
a tax 011 its sale. It is the same burden upon
*the manufacturer and on the labor of the
country. My opinion is that taxes of every
character which are oil things useful and
necessary are taxes upon the business and
labor of the country. It comes to this finally,
that the labor of the land has to pay the taxes
of the land.
Mr. GARFIELD. Does not all taxation
fall on labor at last?
Mr. BLAIR. Most certainly, in a_ certain
sense. ri?liGre is a tax on ardent spviits, and
there is an industry connected with it, but it
is not a useful industry. There are industries
connected with luxuries, which if depressed
are not injurious to Hie country. One great
object is to get taxes levied upon articles of
luxury,:articles not essential to life.
Mr. MULLINS. I wish to say a few words
in reply to the gentleman from Michigan. The
idea ho advances is that if you levy the tax
upon the individual -who sells, sooner 01' later
that tax is imposed upon the labor of the coun-
try. Now, will any one adopt that theory as
correct? In point of fact I hold it is not the
case. How do I make this appear? The
manufacturer who makes the shoes is not
taxed. The object is to remove taxation from
the producer, and the man who pays the tax
is the consumer. The object iu taxing the
seller is to keep up the manufacturers. If the
seller does not like his position let him become
a producer. We tax these non-producers and
especially screen the producers. We want to
increase as much as possible the number of
producers. And by the way it is stopping
importation of goods that come in and make
a heavy drain upon the Government of the
United States. That is the channel through
which the great laboring oar to-day is being
worked aud has been worked from the founda-
tion of tlie Government. And it was because
you have not the raw material nor the manu-
factured article produced in your own country.
I see nothing improper in the manner in
which this tax bill has been brought before this
committee. It is intended to divide the bur-
den, as far as possible, between the laborer and
producer—to let it come a little more heavily
on the salesman. I can see nothing wrong in
it, but I see a grand principle of right. Pro-
duce the wealth, and I will warrant you will
find the country floating with ease over heavy
debt and obtaining quick relief. But if wealth
is produced, and you tax the producers to
death, until his muscles are paralyzed and his
energies break down, your country will cease
to yield. It will become barren, and being
barren, how can you feed your people or pay
your debt?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAIR. I withd.aw the amendment.
Mr. ELA. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Ingeksoll] has taken the ground that
this tax bears heavily upon those men who do
not realize profits from their business or trade.
Now, I grant that all taxes eventually come
from the labor of the country, as the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Blair] says; yet by
this process of distribution it is made more
equal upon that labor. For instance, while
the tax was levied on the manufacturer alone
I knew some manufacturing establishments in
my district that were losing $50,000 every six
months; and yet you levied upon them a tax
of live per cent. Now, by changing that, as
here proposed, in the event that all manutac-
turers lose, you levy only two tenths ot one
per cent, upon the manufacturer, and you get
two tenths of one per cent, more from the
party who makes the sale. Instead of spread-
ing the whole loss upon one class you spread
it all over the country wherever the sales are
made. I now renew the amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I oppose it.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I renew it, which gives
me a right to be heard.
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman cannot debate it.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection being made,
the gentleman cannot renew it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to a point of
order. I made an amendment to strike out
two and insert one. I withdrew it at the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Blair] that he might renew it. He spoke to
it, and after speaking withdrew it. I he gen-
tleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Ela] re-
newed it, and after he had spoken withdrew it.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Allison] rose and opposed
it and took his seat, which closed the debate
upon that amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I understand the
