1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
40th Cong.... 2d Sess.
Appeal to the Southern Whigs—Mr. Maynard.
Ho. of Beps.
mercy as a gang of pirates. He was a Badical,
hod been a consistent Union man, and favored
the reconstruction acts of Congress and the
new constitution. This was the head and front
of his offending. To conceal their guilt they
charged it upon his friends, the colored people.
To palliate it they maligned his character. To
justify it to their own consciences they cried,
"One enemy less!" Fools I the number of
the martyrs never grows less!
THE CAKPBT-BAGQEBS.
Another class especially obnoxious to the
"lost cause" is the men of northern birth
who have gone into the South since the war,
the "carpet-baggers," as they are sneeringly
called. The greater part of them were Fed-
eral soldiers of greater or less merit, generally
enterprising, sometimes aspiring, but whatever
their character or pursuits they are made to
feel that they are not wanted. If not openly
insulted and forced into quarrels, or, per-
haps, deadly encounters, they are shunned or
met with supercilious politeness; their wives
and children, little girls and boys, are con-
stantly mortified and hurt in their tenderest
feelings. No place is found for the divine
precepts of hospitality, to feed even an enemy
if he hunger, and if he thirst to give him drink.
(See Appendix.)
I have not thought it necessary to make an
array of proofs. They to whom these words
are primarily addressed, the thoughtful and
candid people of the South, know only too well
that I do not exaggerate or overstate. Now I
appeal to these people whether they have not
had enough of the "lost cause" and its im-
medicable evils. What have they to gain by
adhering to it or keeping alive its memories
and traditions? To what purpose is it that
secret clans are allowed to organize and in
hideous garb to prowl and maraud? Do they
imagine that a great people, a magnanimous
people, will permit the black man, made free
by their behest, to be trampled under foot and
their boon turned into a curse? Can they
believe that the country will not stand by the
men who in the time of sore trial stood by the
country? Are they conscious of no danger in
practically denying to the citizens of other
States their constitutional right of citizenship
in all the States ? Is it not about time to have
done with these pestilent follies, or will they
still sow the wind, not content to have reaped
the whirlwind? Why notaecept accomplished
facts however unwelcome ? Is not the south-
ern confederacy defunct, exploded, collapsed,
gone like the baseless fabric of a vision, burst
like a bubble, and leaving nothing in its place?
Is not slavery dead, very dead, dead beyond
the hand of resurrection? Will not wise men
act upon these two facts and all they import?
Then why contend against the inevitable?
Why look mournfully upon the past, and not
hopefully upon the future ? Why seek to re-
build the wrecked and shattered fortunes of
a party that has entailed so much sorrow upon
the land? Why repeat the folly_ popularly
described as " crying after spilled milk ?" _ Why
persecute the negroes; why curse the Radicals?
Why waste your time in "tournaments" and
in the obsequies of the "lost cause ?"_ Why
make yourselves ridiculous by mouthing of
'' negro equality ?" Doyounotsee that while
you were looking backward and trying to re-
verse the civilization of the age the world leaped
forward more than a i 1 cycle of Cathay V1 Then
dismiss the 'Most cause'1 into the limbo of
lost and forgotton things, and join that other
" cause" which represents humanity and pro-
gress and civilization, keeping up with its ever-
moving columns ?
SOUTHERN UNIONISM.
I have appealed to the thoughtful, candid
people of the South, knowing well how use-
)eps it is to expect anything from the others.
Passion has reigned too long, prejudice is too
firmly rooted and nurtured with too much
blood. There are those who, like the prophet
by reason of his gourd, think they do well to
be angry. Their madness is incurable. They
never were good citizens, and they never will
be. The best thing they can do, then, for
themselves and the country is to die; the next
best is to emigrate. Here they can be neither
happy nor useful. The number of these I
would fain believe to be small, confined prin-
cipally to the original fire-eaters and the hope-
less politicians. But there is ail over the
South a numerous element whose peculiar ex-
periences should make them not only our best
citizens, also, the most "radical" in their
views, using that word as it is generally used
to denote hostility to the rebellion and its prin-
ciples ; in other words, opposition to the " lost
cause." This comprises the old Whigs and
Unionists. They resisted secession and dis-
union when they appeared in the guise of tie
southern Democracy, and by success were very
powerful if not respectable. They denounced
with prophetic sagacity the_ very evils we have
suffered as the result of their political heresies.
Though, reduced at last to a constantly dimin-
ishing minority they continued their opposition,
after successive defeats, quite down to the presi-
dential canvass of 1860, which they contested
with a zeal stimulated by the gloomiest fore-
bodings in case of failure. In talents and moral
power they were strong, and in numbers they
were not weak. They carried by pluralities
the States of Virginia, Tennessee, and Ken-
tucky for Bell and Everett, upon the significant
platform of " the Union, the Constitution, and
the enforcement of the laws," and secured for
the ticket respectable minorities in every south-
ern State except South Carolina; while a small
popular vote was cast for Mr. Lincoln in each
of the States of Delaware, Maryland, West Vir-
ginia, Kentucky, and Missouri. _ It is significant
as showing the value of minorities under our
system of government that neither of these last
States could be drawn into the form of seces-
sion. In this House at that time there were
fully twenty-five members elected distinctively
as Unionists by southern constituencies, and
in nearly every district a contest had been made
on that issue for the seat. It does not alter the
fact or diminish its value that many of these
persons joined the rebellion and became promi-
nent. Leaving out of view the turncoats, the
Arnolds, the J udases that are found everywhere,
fear, despair, personal attachment, local sym-
pathy moved men against their convictions
and moral judgments. They followed leaders
that they despised into a service that they loathed.
Others yielded a passive acquiescence,_ under
more or less constraint; perhaps lent assistance
to their sons and other kindred in the rebel army.
At the close of the conflict they found them-
selves in the same condemnation with the
original secessionists who have labored dili-
gently toprevent their being distinguished from
them. There is also a class pretty numerous
in the border States who never joined the rebel-
lion, but who opposed the leading measures for
its suppression, especially every one that af-
fected the condition of slavery. They have
been represented in both Houses of Congress
by gentlemen who have made their position well
understood here; though professedly, and, I
believe, really opposed to the rebellion, never
giving a vote that the bitterest rebel would not
have given. An insane fear of " Radicalism
and "negro equality" has driven all these men
into a false position and ranged them among
the supporters of the "lost cause." There is
still another class always loyal, still truly so,
who, nevertheless, are in doubt and are waiting
for some newparty that shall be more moderate
than either, men of excellent lives, good citi-
zens, prominent in the piping times of peace,
but wholly unfit for a state of revolution and
the rugged issues of war. They hoped much
from the Philadelphia convention of August,
1866, and eagerly joined the Tennessee Con-
servative party of 1867, not perceiving that,
like the recent New York convention, they
were both efforts to weld the copperhead Democ-
racy-with the southern rebellion, using them as
a solder. Both the Philadelphia and the Ten-
nessee movemetits were failures; so will the
New York convention be a failure. The cop- t
perhead Democracy and the southern rebellion I
will be reunited; they are reunited already ,
only to perish together. Let them perish, why
cumber they the ground ? The control of this
country or any considerable part Of it they will
neverhave. Then whyshould men join them no#
in the day of their defeat, their weakness, their
disgrace, their demonstrated and admitted inca-
pacity and demerit, who eschewed and avoided
and stubbornly resisted them when in power
and full of high pretensions, which, by actual
trial have been proven hollow and miserably
false? How can a southern Whig or Unionist,
who would have esteemed it little le&s than a
personal dishonor to have supported the Dem-
ocratic party under the lead of its former chief-
tains, now surrender to the same party under
its present leadership? How can he thus give
the lie to all the professions of his past life?
What mighty influences have accomplished this
great moral transformation? Will it be said
that in the choice of evils this is the least,
that it is either the Democratic party or the
Union Republican party?
THE UNION REPUBLICAN PART?.
Agreed. And what is the Union Repub-
lican party that any southern man, certainly anjr
southern Whig or Union man should hesitate to
join it and to support it? It is the party, emi-
nently of success. Taking the Administration
of the Government at a period of depression
unexampled in our history, encountering ob-
stacles of a character and magnitude that have
proved fatal to all previous Governments, this
party rallied to its support the numbers, the
intelligence, and the worth of the country,
and succeeded in overcoming all obstacles and
in raising the Government to a height never
before reached both in the confidence and
affection of its own citizens, and in the respect
and good-will of the other nations. Such a
party has in its composition the elements of
indestructible power. Its conceded ability to
save the Government will prove sufficient to
administer it. Those who seek for faults are
very apt to find them. But what party that
has been compelled to do so much has done
so little to justify hostile criticism ? What
party ever solved, so many problems, so vast
and so complicated, with so few mistakes ?
As an example of successful administration
the last eight years are without a parallel.
Leaving out of account the civil war which
raged for half the period, and the embarrass-
ing controversy during the other half between
the executive and the legislative_ departments,
more has been achieved of positive enduring
good, more to make the American thank God
that he is an Americau. The homestead policy;
the telegraphs across the continent and across
the Atlantic; the four Pacific railroads pro-
jected, one of them almost completed; the
largo additions to our domain by peaceful and
honorable negotiation; the rapid and sub-
stantial growth of our domestic industries
under the influence of fostering legislation; a
currency at once national, convenient, and
popular; the number of immense bridges built
and rebuilt, and other extensions of preexist-
ing means of intercommunication ; the devel-
opment of our vast mineral resources, and the
enhanced dignity and profit of agricultural pur-
suits ; these are some of the material results
of this ascendency that commend themselves
to all alike. Not a few all over the South will
breathe more freely that slavery has been ended,
and with it untold anxieties, possible evils, ana
more important to the sensitive nature, the
gravest responsibilities. There was always
in the South no little anti-slavery sentiment,
formerly outspoken and active, of late years
