$982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBAL
June 9;
amendment was not pending because the gen-
tleman had not renewed it?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Ela] renewed the
amendment, and the question now is on the
amendment proposed by him.
Mr. BAliNES. I move to amend.
The CHAIRMAN. No amendment is now
in order.
Mr. WELKER. I rise to a point of order.
I suggest that as my friend from Illinois [Mr.
Ingersoll] has farmed out his amendment so
often he certainly ought to lose the benefit
of it.
Mr. ING-ERSOLL. Not unless it is voted
down.
Mr. BARNES. Is it not in order to move
to strike out one dollar and insert fifty cents?
The CHAIRMAN. Not until the pending
amendment to the amendment is disposed of.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ALLISON". I move to insert before the
word "wines" in the substitute now pending
the word " breadstuffs," so that the latter may
be also exempt from this provision.
I have listened with a great deal of interest
to remarks made by gentlemen on this subject.
Most of them seem to believe that this tax
comes from the consumer. In case of bread-
stuffs it must certainly come from theconsumer
or producer, and it seems to me in either event
that this article should not be taxed even to
the extent of two tenths of one percent. The
"men in this country who create bread and the
men who consume it comprise the entire popu-
lation of the country, and I believe if there is
any article that should be exempt from taxa-
tion it is this article of breadstuffs. I hope,
therefore, that by the unanimous consent of
the committee breadstuffs may be inserted so
that they may be exempt from this taxation.
Mr. IIOOFER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman accept an amendment to include
clothing?
Mr. ALLISON. No, sir; because a man
may get on without good clothes, but he must
have bread.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman proposes
to add to these articles which are to be exempt
from taxation under this clause breadstuff's.
Now, wines, distilled spirits, malt liquors, and
so on, are reserved, not in order that they
shall be exempted, but because they are pro-
vided for elsewhere on a different footing.
The gentleman proposes to except breadstuffs,
not with a view of proposing to provide for
them elsewhere, but to have them go clear
altogether.
This is a question of taxing traders. The
geutleman proceeds upon the supposition that
the man who sells ten thousand barrels of
flour does it as a benevolent individual whose
desire is simply to feed the poor. Now, I
apprehend that the purpose of the trader is to
make money,, and that whether he deals in
breadstuffs or in shoes or in clothes or in cab-
inet-ware it is pretty much all the same thing.
The gentleman says, however, that this is a
tax which falls, like all other taxes, eventually
upon the consumer. To how great an extent?
A barrel of flour at an average in my town,
where we make a great deal of it—I represent
a good deal of this breadstuff interest—is
worth, say ten dollars. The tax of two tenths
of one per cent, would require the miller, in
the first place, as the manufacturer, to pay two
cents on the barrel, and the wholesale dealer
would bo required to pay two cents more of
tax than he otherwise would. I doubt very
much whether any man is going to pay two
cents more or less for this tax for his barrel
of" flour. But it will matter very much to the
Government whether they get this two tenths
of one per cent., or not.
But the gentleman proceeds, as do other
gentlemen who would exempt lumber and vari-
ous other things, under this great misappre-
hension; they confound the thing in which'
the man trades with the interest he has in the
trade. I repeat, I do not look upon those
who deal in what is consumed generally by the
people, and by the poor as well as by the rich,
as benevolent individuals who have nothing
so much at heart as to take care of the popu-
lation of the country. I look upon them as I
de upon any other traders, as men investing
their capital with the best advantage they can
so as to make more money out of it. As such
I would tax them all alike. But if you begin
this system of exemptions, and if you are to
look upon these traders in breadstuffs as kind,
pious dealers who must be relieved from these
heavy burdens because of the articles in which
they trade, what will the gentleman say as to
shoes; what will the gentleman say as to
clothes; what will he say as to that which
covers the outside of the body as well as that
which is put within? It is true that a man
must eat and drink, but in a country profess-
ing to be civilized, and where clothing is one
of our requisites as well as food, those articles
which I have named stand upon pretty much
the same footing as food.
But again: if you except breadstuffs you
must except everything else in the shape of
food and let it go clear, not only flour, but all
else that serves in any degree as food for man.
The true principle is to tax the capital em-
ployed, no matter for what purpose it may be
employed. There are certain articles of mere
luxury, such as billiard-tables, playing-cards,
&c., as gentlemen very well understand, which
we tax considerably more. We do it upon the
principle that if we tax them so very high, it
will only increase the cost to the consumers of
a class of articles that it is not desirable should
be very cheap.
As I would not consent to make a distinc-
tion in favor of trade against labor, so I will
not, for one, consent to make a distinction
between the different kinds of trade, where
they deal in those articles which are of common
use, and not consumed merely by a particular
class of people.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Allison ; and upon a division,
there were—ayes fourteen, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BARNES. I move to amend the clause
relating to the tax upon every additional §1,000
in excess of $25,000, by striking out "two
dollars" and inserting "$1 50." I desire to
offer a few remarks in reference to the manner
of collecting the tax.
I am not prepared to say that two tenths of
one per cent, is too high a tax for wholesale
dealers to pay upon the sales of commodities
which they handle. I am not prepared to say
that one half of one per cent, would be too
high; nor am I prepared to say that one tenth
of one per cent, would not be too high. I am
of the opinion, however, that it is not neces-
sary to tax those articles in the hands of mer-
chants and middle men and likewise tax them
in the hands of manufacturers.
For instance, the manufacturer of axes, if
his productions are taxed at his door when
they leave the furnace, at a rate which is satis-
factory to the Government, is more easily
reached by the revenue department, the same
end is attained by the Government, and a large
expense is saved in the revenue system. And
the same principle is applicable to the manu-
facture of every article referred to in this
bill. I am in favor either of taxing every
article of production in the hands of the man-
ufacturer, or, if it is exempted, then of taxing
it only in the hands of the merchant.
But this bill has been framed upon a theory
which largely increases the expenses of the
revenue department. Of course it is to be
supposed that the Committee of Ways and ;
Means have arrived at the best estimate of the '
amount of taxes to be derived from these two
different sources, and probably the amount
levied upon the manufacturer, together with
the amount levied upon the merchant, will
produce the amount desired by the Govern-
ment. 1 am not disputing the amount of tax
which the committee expect to derive from
those sources. I simply desire to submit to
the Committee of the Whole a proposition
which I have no doubt lias been discussed ■by.
the Committee of Ways and Means, whether it
is necessary to tax the business of the country
to have a tax on sales ? If it is, I am inclined
to think that, upon a full revision of the sub-
ject with reference to our domestic industry
and foreign industry, which might perhaps be
interfered with by this tax, the tax on sale8
might be the most popular and beneficial
means to be devised. If so, I am in favor of
voting for just that amount of tax to be levied
upon dealers which shall be deemed neces-
sary, whether one half of one per cent., or one
per cent., or two per cent. I am not standing
here to advocate the claims or interest of any-
class of dealers, or to say that they shall be
exempt.
I do not think they can be exempted where-
ever the tax is levied; but this bill not only-
opens the door for different classes of trades
to come here and get reductions upon their par-
ticular interests, but opens likewise a compe-
tition between the manufacturer and the mid-
dle man. If we start upon the proposition that
no article shall be taxed in the hands of the
manufacturer, so far as it is possible to make
the idea practicable, it seems to me the Gov-
ernment would be largely benefited in the sav-
ing of expenditure, while the details of the
department would be much less.
I withdraw my amendment, which I only
offered for the purpose of submitting theso
remarks.
The amendment of Mr. Schekck was then
agreed to.
No further amendment being offered, the
next paragraph was read, as follows:
Bankers using or employing acapitalnot exceeding
the sum of $50,01)0, and banks chartered, or banks
organized under a genera! law, with a capitat not
exceeding $50,000,shall each pay $100, and when the
capital cxceeds S50.000 shall pay two dollars in^ad-
dition for every $1,000 in excess of $50,000 of capital.
Every incorporated or other bank, and every person,
firm, or company, having a place of business where
credits are opened by the deposit or collection of
money or currency, subject to be paid or remitted
upon draft, cheek, or order, or where money is
advanced or loaned on stocks, bonds, bullion, bills
of exchange, or promissory notes, or where stocks,
bonds, bullion, bills ofexehange, or promissory notes
are received fordiseount or for sale, shall be regarded
as a batik or as a banker: Provided, That any sav-
ings-bank having no capital stock, and whose busi-
ness is confined to receiving deposits, to be loaned or
invested tor the benefit of its depositors, and doing
no other business of banking, shall not be subject to
this tax.
Mr. PRICE. I wish to inquire whether it
is the intention of the committee that under
this paragraph savings-banks paying five per-
cent. upon deposits and loaning their money
at ten per cent, shall be exempt?
Mr. SCHENCK. This paragraph does not
apply to savings-banks doing a banking busi-
ness, but only to those -whose busiuess is con-
fined to receiving deposits. "This is the same
provision as that of the existing law.
Mr. BARNES. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the pending paragraph. Mr. Chair-
man, I look upon money as in the same cate-
gory with air or water or any of the necessary
elements for the subsistence of individuals and
of society. I hold that money should be placed
in the hands of the community without taxa-
tion ; that banks being the custodians of money
and performing the necessary functions of
society in that capacity, should be as lightly
taxed as the committee can devise the means of
doing; and a sufficient burden, in my view, is
imposed upon them in the collateral taxation
resting upon this branch of business.
In every community the rate of interest is in
proportion to the price of it  money. We know
that if we should multiply this tax upon the
banking capital of the country we can rea.ch
the point where money would disappear. The
activity of our industrial resources is iu pro-
portion to the volume of money which we can
command. It is the interest of every trader,
of every manufacturer, of every producer of a
bushel of grain, of every grower of a pound of
wool, of every transporter of a cargo of mer-
chandise, of every man, woman, and child in
tha couniry, that money should be placed tho
