4006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July IB,
petratc their crimes with apparent impunity and a
Satanic determination and disregard of consequences
perfectly appalling.
l?rom Giles county a do'/nn or rnoro eolored men
arrived yesterday morning byway of the Alabama
railway. Their nairative of sutfering is heartrend-
ing. They all have families depending on them, are
farmers who cultivated pieces of land, and werejust
housing their crops. Tliey had from thirty to titty
acres each under cultivation besides other little pi op-
es ty in the way of stock. They a,re men rugged and
knotted up with ceaseless toil in an up-hill struggle,
not only to make a little lor future contingencies,
but even to make bread whereon to live. Honest
laborers, out in the fields from Carly dawn to dewy
eve, earning, as they simply express it, "meat and
clothes tor their little ones.]' They all lived in the
neighborhood of Cornorsville, about twelve miles
trom Pulaski, in Giles county.
A Mr. X. Clark, a very mild and gentlemanly man,
who used to teach school down there, was compelled
to quit by ike persecuting members of thcKlan. lie
is even afraid to write about their doings. George
Boso, a colored teacher, had a pros>peious school of
over forty children, wag also compelled to give up
his school, and is now in town. The Kl.m is repre-
sented as being perfectly reckless, and the house of
one widow Gordon, twelves miles from Pulaski, and
five fromC'ornorsvilie, is said to be the headquarters.
They meet there almost nightly, and hold delibera-
tions and plan their infernal woik of blood. The
wives and families ol theso colored fugitives aro.now
in the woods living in the best manner they can.
They, too, aro driven out ot their houses. Giles
county needs purging.
Assassination of the Registration Commissioner of
Overton County,
Ed dor Press and Times:
On the 1st day of July five armed men appeared
before the uwoiling house of James Francis, com-
missioner of registration for Overton county, and
pointing their gunsm at the windows demanded his
buirendcr. On being informed by Mrs. .Francis that
her husband was not at the house, they proceeded to
search the premises, took what arms they could find,
and such other articles as they chose to appropriate.
By this time some confederates, who had concealed
themselves on the farm, called to them to "come on,
they had him." At this Iho ruffians lclt, taking their
booty. A short tioie alter they were gone Mrs.
hoard two guns fire, and supposing her husband had
been shot, she and two neighboring women followed
in the direction of the hnng. Directly they heard
other guns, and in a few minutes twenty or more
shots were iired. Continuing to follow the trail she
came upon a waste-house m an old Held, some mile
or more from her house, where  hc found her husband
lying dead, ihs hnnds wero tied, and he was literally
riddled with bullci-lioles.
Marshall County.
A letter from Marshall county of the 1st gives a
fearful account of the resurrected rebels 111 that dis-
trict:
Marshall County, July 1.
AVc have gathered some further particulars about
the cruel intentions ol those infamous wretches, the
Ku-Kluxos, or resurrected rebels, as they call them-
selves. On tho night of the 15th of June those infa-
mous wretches went to the house ol Mr. LewisStnck-
ally and abused him, and wolearn their calculations
were to serve in n, like manner the person of Berry-
man Scales, Mr. Willis, and also R. Kojster, lor the
sole cause ot boarding a teacher at hi> house. They
expressed an intention to hang Mr. Jenkins for ins
habit of reading the Bible to those ol' his own race,
thereby making them as wise as the white men, as
they allege. Mr. Jenkins is the minister lu this
vicinity and is worthy ot protection, lie is allowed
to preach but once a month. i'rvo hard-working,
honest citizens wero dragged out of their beds in
the night and maltreated in the most shocking
manner. "While the whipping was being done the
cause given tor it was that he voted lor Brown-
low, and if he did not vote the Conservative ticket
next tune he would be killed. John Street, one of
the officers of Chapel Hill, openly declared ,that
there never has been any peace, and that they only
retired awhile to rest and gather force for another
rebellion. The sou of another scjuire has been en-
gaged in these night law-breaking andcitizcn-tern-
fyiog expeditions. lie had his right arm wounded.
Throe of the Khin have been wounded, one mortally,
but they are busily recruiting, and have an immense
amount ot guns and revolvers, and they swear they
will iisht again. There is a regular war here between
the whites and blacks.
Outrages in Bedford county.
£>HKLByvILL ft, July 7, 1S6S.
Editor Presi and Tarn* :
The facts arc simply these: Mr. Dunlap is a north-
ern or western irum, iir>t sent here by some society
to teach the colored people, lie has been m our
midst thiee or four years, leading a quiet, unobtru-
Ptve life, v, ell qualified to teach, devoted and correct
in the work. lie has never attempted to force him-
self upon the notice of the white people, but has at-
tended to his own business, offering no contempt or
insult, nor permitting it to be done by his pupils
Gnvnrd anyperson. but, on the contrary, as some of
our best conservative citizens are ready to testify,
readily and promptly rebuked and corrected any im-
proprieties on their part that, cam e to his knowledge
or wero suggested to him. Ho has been honest, up-
right, and just in all his dealings with white and
black since ho has been here. He has had no quar-
rels or difficulties with any one so far as known to
us.
He was here during the cholera scourge of the fall
of I860, and Hon. Kdmund Cooper has testified in
public speeches that ho kindly and faithfully waited
upon the sick and dying, and was of great help to
him in disbursing his charities and bonevolence to
the poorandneedy where most others fledthedread-
ful plague.
On the 4th of July, Mr. Dunlap> as he had doneon
former occasions, formed a procession of his large
school, and under tho school banners and stars and
stripes, marched around the square and out to the
grounds of Hon. William H. Wismer, where they had
a large gathering and pic-nic. They sang, danced,
and celebrated tho glorious Fourth in a social gath-
ering of their own race principally. Enough whites
were present, tho writer among the number, to tes-
tify that there was no disorderly conduct, profane
swearing, or dissipation upon tho ground.
After night, and when many had retired to repose,
no friend of law, order, and peace dreaming of a raid
from thclvu-Klux, they made their appearance on the
square, about fifty in number, mounted on capari-
soned horses, revolver in hand and whistle in mouth,
and proceeded directly to Mr. Dunlap's house. He
shut the door m their faces. They fired a shot into
the house ; forced the doois; promised to spare big
life if he surrendered; disarmed him of his pistol, (and
still have it,) and inado him mount behind one of
them.
They then went to tho house of Jim Franklin, a
colored man, and found him in bed; made him follow
them. They returned to thesquare, gave three cheers
for Andrew Johnson, and proceeding a short dis-
tance fiom town, stripped and whipped their victims
with a strap most unmercifully, cruelly, and shame-
fully, and discharged them, with orders to Dunlap to
leave immediately, or his life would bo taken.
The supposed offenso of the colored man was that
he wore tho sash of a marshal. Threats were made
against others, and tho bravo and gallant troop loft,
no doubt vastly proud of their achievements.
LEWIS TILLMAN".
Mr. AKNELL. I desire to state that in
Middle Tennessee the only guardian for these
colored persons that is capable of ferreting
out these outrages and bringing them to public
notice is this much-abused bureau. I hold in
my band two sworn statements from ex-Fed-
eral soldiers, who did gallant service in the
Army.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELIOT. I now ask for a vote on the
bill.
Mr. ADAMS. Is this bill to be pressed
through without allowing the minority of the
Committee on Freed men's Affairs to say a word
upon it ?
Mr. ELIOT. I will yield five minutes to my
colleague [Mr. Adams] on the Committee on
Freedmen's Affairs.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, much has been
said about the cost of the Freedmen's Bureau,
and the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Eliot] has time and time again asserted in
this House that only about three million dol-
lars have been drawn from the Treasury for
the purpose of supporting the operations of
this bureau. Now, sir, \ am prepared to prove
to this House, if I had time, that this bureau
has actually cost the Government, not in money
appropriated and taken from the Treasury, but
from various sources, taken altogether, the sum
of $16,000,000 up to the 1st of January last.
I have never seen the statement which the
gentleman from Massachusetts has made in
his report; but he has made the statement in
the Ilouse, and repeated it time and time
again, that only about three million dollars
have been taken from the Treasury for this
bureau. That statement was intended to leave
upon the House and the country the impres-
sion that the entire cost of this bureau has
been only $3,000,000. Now I say, as I said
some time since, when I made some remarks
upon this subject, that this bureau has cost
the Government in property and in money over
sixteen million dollars, and I am prepared to
support that statement by the report and state-
ments of General Howard himself.
Now, in regard to the continuance of this
bureau, it is proposed to discontinue it after
the 1st of January next, provided it may be
done " withoutinjury to the Government." I
offered, or desired to offer, an amendment to
the effect that this bureau should be discon-
tinued now in all the States which are at pres-
ent represented in Congress, and that it should
be discontinued in thobe States which are not
represented in Congress as soon as they shall
be restored to their former political relations
with the Federal Government. Why does not
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot]
accept that amendment? What is the neces-
sity for continuing this bureau, with all its
vast expenditures, until the 1st day of January
next? The reason assigned for its continu-
ance heretofore has been that the southern
States were in such a disorganized and disar-
ranged condition that it was necessary to have
this bureau in order to protect the freedmen in
their rights and privileges ; that the civil insti-
tutions and civil officers down there were not
adequate to the protection of that class of
people.
Now, there are to-day three of those States
represented on this floor; three of them are
now restored to all their relations with this
Government, having State governments estab-
lished which are competent to afford the most
ample and abundant protection to the freed-
men, giving them even greater civil and polit-
ical rights than are given to the whites. Then
where the necessity for continuing this bureau
for a single hour in those States? If the gen-
tlemen who have advocated this bill heretofore
were sincere in the reasons they have assigned
for the further continuance of this bureau, then I
must say that those reasons no longer exist, at
least so far as they apply to the States which
have been already restored. I wish to ask what
better reason will there be for withdrawing this
bureau from those three States now repre-
sented here on the 1st of January next than
exists to-day? None whatever. But there is
one reason to which I desire to call the atten-
tion of the House as being the reason which
prompts the chairman of the committee [Mr.
Eliot] and the majority on this floor to favor
the continuance of this bureau, which is so
plain that no one can mistake it. One of the
reasons assigned by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Eliot] lor the continuance of
this bureau was in a letter which he incorpo-
rated in his speech, and of which I will read
an extract, as follows:
"3. The bureau should be continued one year
longer to act as a sort of moderator between white
and black during the cxciting contest now impending
over the whole country. It can thus assist wonder-
fully in reconstructing the South on a loyal basis.
To continue the bureau one year more than is pro-
vided will cover most all the exciting political issues
about to be made ki the election for President, and
this is of no little importance to thewhole eountry."
I have shown that the reason heretofore
assigned for the continuation of this bureau,
the protection of freedmen in their rights, is
not now applicable to some of these States,
and will not be applicable to the others so soon
as they shall be restored to their former politi-
cal relations. Why should this bureau be con-
tinued in these States? Why should you not
as to these States do now what you propose to
do in January next? Why is it more appro
priate to discontinue the bureau in January
next than now, unless we intend the bureau to
operate as a political machine t,o control polit-
ical sentiments and to accomplish political
ends in those States. Mr. Speaker, it. is ap-
parent and cannot be denied—the gentleman
from _ Massachusetts knows it, and dare not
deny it—that all the reasons heretofore assigned
for the continuance of the bureau have now
ceased to exist. There is at this time no reason
why this bureau should not be withdrawn from
States so soon as they are reorganized and
restored to their former political relations. I
cannot see, therefore, why the amendment I
have proposed should not be accepted, and
why it should not be adopted by the House.
But, sir, if the object is to have the benefit of
this institution, as indicated by the corre-
spondent of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
until after the presidential election, why not
discontinue it on the first Wednesday after the
presidential election, when they have realized
the benefits and accomplished the ends desired
instead of postponing until the 1st of January
as proposed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, the only point
that has been made by the gentleman from
