1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
575
ration made at the commencement of the rebel-
lion by both Houses of Congress, that the war
was not—
" Waged upon our part in any spirit of oppression,
nor for any purpose of eor.qucvt or subjugation, nor
purpose of overthrowing or interfering with the
rights or established institutions of those States, but
to defoud and maintain t ho supremacy ot the Consti-
tution and all laws made in pursuance thereof, and
t'i pieserve the Union with all tho dignity, equality,
and rilhts of the several States unimpaired, and that
as soon as these objects ' were' accomplished tho war
ou^'ut to eea^e.''
This resolution was adopted by the Senate
on motion of Mr. Johnson himself on the 25th
day of July, 1861. A similar resolution had
been adopted by this House on the 22d of the
same month. The war had just commenced;
Senators and Representatives were staggering
under the first thunderbolt of the rebellion.
All at once they saw the country swept by the
tide of civil war. They knew not how soon all
would go to the bottom. They knew not how
many traitors were among the crew. In agony,
almost in despair, they groped for means and
measures to save or help their imperiled coun-
try, As drowning men, they caught at straws.
It would not have been surprising if they had
then accepted from Mr. Johnson a resolution
which might possibly have involved them in
inconsistency at a later stage of the struggle.
But fortunately they did not become involved
in any such inconsistency. We may well be
amazed that they did not. For when nations
embark in war they cease to be their own mas-
ters. They may commence it, offensively or
defensively, and at its commencement may
solemnly declare its character and purpose,
but when it is once begun the resistless cur-
rent of events sweeps away like sand-heaps their
solemn declarations, and God only knows how
soon or how often the character and issues of
the struggle may change, into what unknown
seas of strife it may drift, or what its end may
be. It might have been true that a resolution
which correctly set forth the character aad
issues of the war at the outset would fail to
give a correct statement of its character and
issues at its close; for in a war involving mil-
lions of combatants, covering a continent and
raging through a period of four years, what
man or hundred men or thousand men could
assume to determine the course of its stupen-
dous events, rushing upon qne another with the
speed of the lightning and the confusion of the
whirlwind? Whatman or thousand men would
be able to regulate its issues, shape its character,
or fix its limit ? It might well be that in a war
of such proportions measures which at the out-
set appeared unnecessary to the accomplish-
ment of the grand objects of the struggle would
be shown in the progress of events to be abso-
lutely essential to success. In soch a case
what patriot would say that a mere expression
of opinion at its commencement by two hun-
dred of its citizens should be permitted to
inure to the ruin of the Republic ? Why,*r,
if such a mistake had been made in the form
of a statute law it would simply have been our
duty to repeal it and save the nation. ' But
this resolution never took the form of law ; it
was not even a joint resolution : it was not even
a concurrent resolution. The whole of it
was that the two Houses of Congress adopted,
each on its own responsibility, substantially
the same resolution. It was, therefore, only
the expression of the opinion of some two hun-
dred citizens of the United States. If it had
been a law or joint resolution, and had pro-
claimed issues which, although then actually
subsisting, were subsequently changed by the
overwhelming tide of war, would it not have
been the part of statesmen and patriots to
repeal the law or resolution ? Would it not
have been for enemies of the Republic to insist
that the law or resolution should staud unre-
pealed, a permanent obstacle to reconstruc-
tion and peace ? Could we have absolved our-
selves from our duty to save the Republic, to
maintain the Constitution, and preserve the
Union by the plea that we had promised rebels
or anybody else not to do it?
But, sir, it happened in this case that what
these Senators and Representatives declared
to be the purpose of the war in the beginning
continued to be the purpose of the war at the
end. I repeat that it would not have been
strange if this purpose had changed; and if it
had changed this nation would not have been
in honor bound to die rather than repeal the
law; still less would it have been bound to die
rather than disregard a paper manifesto of two
hundred of its citizens.
Sir, the whole nation was ready to declare
at the outset that the war was not waged for
the purpose of emancipating the blacks ; and
it was true, for not one soldier in ten entered
the Army for that specific purpose. Now,
suppose that the nation had in some form put
that declaration on record, as did Mr. John-
son's Secretary of State, and afterward in the
agony of the struggle had found that it must
either free and arm the blacks or perish, where
is the patriot who will say that it was the duty
of the nation to withhold freedom and the bay-
onet from the blacks and iie down and die?
Suppose that the Government had at the com-
mencement of the war or at any stage of its
progress solemnly declared that it was not the
object of the Government to secure suffrage
to the blacks in the rebel States and yet had
afterward reached the conviction that in order
to save the Republic it was necessary to give
not only freedom and the bayonet but also the
ballot to the blacks, where is the patriot to stand
up and say that it would be the duty of the
Republic to flounder forever upon a sea of
half-suppressed rebellion rather than enfran-
chise the blacks because their enfranchise-
ment had not been the original object of the
war notwithstanding it appeared to be a meas-
ure absolutely essential to the accomplishment
of that object ?
Consistency is, indeed, a jewel. But consist-
ency requires no nation to stand upon a decla-
ration of fact at the end of a war which is then
false, though true at the beginning. Consist-
ency does not require a nation to reject a meas-
ure found necessary as the means of attaining
the grand object of a war because such measure
was not at first its object.
Let ns recur, sir, to the precise language of
this resolution. First, it is declared that "the
war is not waged on our part in a,spirit of op-
pression." No impartial judge who shall care-
fully read the history of this war, commencing
with the indignities and outrages heaped upon
northern patriots by southern traitors for twenty
years in the Halls of Congress, and in every
part of the Republic, from the St. Lawrence to
the Rio Grande, and ending in the horrors of
Fort Pillow, Andersonville, and New Orleans,
will venture to charge us with a spirit of op-
pression. Until we were actually driven to
the wall by rebel atrocities was it not the cease-
less jeer of southern rebels that northern men
were utterly destitute of even spirit enough to
vindicate their own manhood? Oppression!
Sir, pusillanimity would have been the appro-
priate word but for the iron virtues which rebel
outrages finally forged out of oar yielding
natures. There has been no spirit of oppres-
sion on our part at the commencement of the
war, during its progress, or since its close.
Impartial history will record, as candid, men
throughout Christendom will admit, that never
were such rebels treated with such amazing
tenderness when overcome. In the cause of
liberty John Brown and his associates perished
on the scaffold for treason to the State of Vir-
ginia. No scaffold has yet arisen for one of
the leaders of those who in the interest of the
most merciless bondage ever known on earth
and in modes of unparalleled atrocity perpe-
trated treason against the American Union.
It is next declared that the war was not
waged on our part ''for any purpose of con-
quest or subjugation." This proposition has
also been, from the beginning of the war to its
end, in letter and in spirit true. Conquest and
subjugation were never our objects. They
became necessary means for the accomplish-
ment of our grand object, the maintenance of
the Union and the Constitution, and we used
them as means and thus only. Nor was it
expressed or implied in this resolution that
the nation ought not to or would not resort to
such measures for the accomplishment of the
great purpose of the war. It turned out that
the Republic could be saved only by conquer-
ing the rebel armies and subjugating the con-
federacy. If this sentiment of the resolution,
instead of being a mere opinion of individuals,
had been an absolute covenant of the American
people, of perfect obligation, never to make
conquest or subjugaiiou a purpose of the war,
neither consistency nor good faith would re-
quire the nation to die or be forever racked by
revolutions rather than use these measures
when necessary for the accomplishment of the
real object and purpose of the war, the salva-
tion of the country. Inasmuch as this reso-
lution in fact contained no pledge to cover the
future exigencies of the gigantic struggle, but
only a statement of a state of things then ex-
isting, it is hard to regard with patience an
attempt to perpetuate rebel State sovereignty
upon such a flimsy pretext.
It is next asserted that the war was not
waged on our part " for the purpose of over-
throwing or interfering with the rights or estab-
lished institutions of those States." What
institutions? Of course, slavery first and fore-
most. Does the President, notwithstanding all
he said and did as emancipator of Tennessee,
insist that by this expression we were bound
at the end of the war to leave intact slavery as
well as the rebel State governments? It is
true that we did not enter upon the war with a
purpose of abolishing slavery or interfering
with the semi-sovereign powers of those States.
But it is equally true that this resolution
involved no pledge that if the fiery flood of
war should ever sweep them away, we would
instantly restore them; it contained no pledge,
express or implied, that if at any time the
exigencies of the struggle should demand it,
we would not ourselves destroy slavery and
repudiate the rebel State governments. On
this point, as on the others, the resolution only
purported to set forth a statement of facts then
existing; it gave no pledge of future conduct.
If it had contained such a pledge it would havo
bound nobody except as a paper manifesto of
a handful out of millions of citizens of the
Republic.
It is finally asserted that the war was waged
"to maintain and defend the supremacy of the
Constitution and all laws made in pursuance
thereof, and to preserve the Union with all the
dignity, equality, and rights of the seveiol
States unimpairedand that "as soon as these
objects" were " accomplished the war ought to
cease." The President seems to perceive in
this clause abundant reason for denouncing
our repudiation of his provisional governments.
I will not stop to discuss the logic or consist-
ency which can justify the abolition of seven
existing State governments by executive proc-
lamations and the substitution therefor of mere
creatures of the executive will, and can at the
same instant denounce us for repudiating—not
the State governments which existed at tlte
capture of the rebel armies, for the President
had already extinguished them—but the non-
descript governments which he himself had set
up in their stead. Certainly if this resolution
was obligatory upon anybody it was obligatory
upon its author, now President of the United
States.
To maintain the supremacy of the Constitu-
tion and laws, and to preserve the Union with
all the dignity, equality, and rights of the
States unimpaired, was at the beginning of the
war, ever since has been, and now is, our
object and purpose. It certainly has not been
our purpose to justify or uphold the crimes of
particular States at the cost of the existence
of the nation and the Constitution. It has not
been our purpose to sacrifice the Union and
the Constitution in order to shield particular
States from the consequences of their own
crimes. It has not been our purpose to per-
petuate by force the State existence of a par-
ticular community struggling to throw itoff. It
