1868.]
.APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.459
40th Coxg. ... 2d Sess.
Appeal to the Southern Whigs-
Maynard.
Ho. -OB' Reps.
retain. for the purposes of peaceful life the
faithful animals which had borne them in
safety through the foray of man j-a battle-field.
It perchance my words shall reach beyond the
narrow limits of this Hall to any portion of
the southern people", I would ask them to read
again those extraordinary conditions accorded
■to an utterly defeated foe. Was ever con-
queror so gentle? Was ever victory so grace-
ful?, War lo&t half its horrors .by staying
the carnage which proverbially- begins when
resistance is done. A generous, high-souled
people can never forget or fail to appreciate
one who wielded such irresistible power-with
more than a father's tenderness.
, But he did not cease caring for his adver-
saries after ihcir surrender, and when his own
fame was so noised that smaller men would
have found time for little else than to listen.
As early as the IGth of May, 18G5, lie sent to
General Halleck a dispatch in cypher, from
which I take the following passage":
"Although it would meet with opposition in the
North to allow Leo the benefit of aatuesty, I think it
would have the best possiblo effect toward restoring
good feeilngaDd peace in the Sooth to hiivehitn coaie
in. Allthepeoplecsceptafewpoliticalleadersin the
South will accept whatever he does as right, and
will be guided to a great extent by his example."
Again on the ISth of June he received from
-•General Lee a letter, inclosing an application
to the President for pardon. He made upon
the letter an indorsement, of which I give the
main portion. It is a striking instance of that
downright honesty which ,iu statesmanship,
no less than in private affairs, is always the
best policy:
41 In my opinion, the officers and1 men paroled at
Appomattox Court-Souse and since, upon the same
. terms given to Lee, cannot bo tried for treason so
long as they obses ve'the terms of their parole. This
is my understanding. Good faith as well as truepol-
ioy dictates that we should observe tho conditions of
that convention. Bad iaith on the part ot the Gov-
ernment, or a construction ot that convention sub-
letting oSieeis to a trial for treason, would produce a
fcciine of insecurity in the minds of a.U p&ioled offi-
cers and men. It so disposed they might even regard
such an infraction ot termsby the Govornmont as an
entire releasefromall obligationson their part.
"I will state, turther, that the terras granted by
me met with the hoaity approval of the President at
the time and of tho people generally." 5
We cannot forget that Mr. Lincoln was the
, President of whom he speaks, and that his
" hearty approval" of the convention at Appo-
mattox Court-Ilouse was one of the closing
acts of his illustrious life. The indorsement
upon the application for pardon I.give entire:
. Hkanyuaetv.its Armies, June Id, 1865.
Bespectfully forwarded through tho Socretary of
Vt ar to tho President, with earnest recommendation
that the application of General Robert E. Lee for
amnesty and pardon may be granted him. The oath
of ai'Kigianco required by recent order of the Presi-
dent to accompany application does not accompany
this for the reason, as I am informed by General Ord,
tho order requiring it had not reached Richmond
•when this was forwarded.
U. S. GRANT,
Lieutenant General.
He did not stop here his interference in
behalf of those to whom he had plighted his
own honor and the faith of the nation. At an
earlier period, during the present Congress, it
became necessary for a committee of this
House, charged with an important investiga-
tion, to examine General Grant as a witness.
The inquiry touched the President's treatment
of the vanquished rebels. I read from the tes-
timony as given before the committee. Gen-
eral Grant, speaking of his interviews with
President Johnson during the summer of 1865,
said:
" I frequently had to intercede for General Lee and
othcrparoled officers on tho ground that their parole,
so long as they obeyed the lawsof the United htatfcs,
protected them from, arrest and trial. Ihe President
at that time occupied exaotlythe reverse grounds,
namely, that they should be tried and punished. He
wanted to knoivwhen the time would come that they
should bo punished. I told bimt notso long as they
obeyed tho laws and complied with tho stipulation.
That was the grourtd that, I took. The conversations
were frequent after the inauguration of Mr. John-
son. I cannot give the time. Ho seemed to bo
anxious to got at the leaders to punish them. He
would say that the leaders in the rebellion must be
punished and that treason must be made odious. He
.eared nothing for the men in the ranks—tho common
men. He would let them go; they were led intp it
by tie leaders. lie claimiug that the time "must
come when they cpuld bo tried and punished, and I
claiming that tbjit, time could not come except by a
violation of their parole. Ielaim'ed thatl gave them
no political privileges, but thatl had a right, as mil-
itary commander, to arrange terms of surrender
which should protect tho lives of those prisoners."
This testimony was taken and, put upon
record more than one year ago. The senti-
ments, acts, and opinions of General Grant
were well known to the whole Union party the
country over. Still with a unanimity, that has
hardly been equaled, excepting, possibly, in the
case of General Washington, 'the first Presi-
dent, and Mr. Lincoln, the last, he was selected
by that party as their candidate ; their conven-
tion at Chicago not going there to nominate
him, but to ratify the nomination that had
already and for months been made by the peo-
ple. There was no juggling there, no pajtgring
with words in a double sense, no mockery of
pretending to decline honors the more effectu-
ally to mislead aspiring rivals, and consequently
no heartburnings over thwarted hopes. .
Now, I appeal to the men of the South, to
"men of all parties, who pray with Grant' "let
there be peace," who wish to'see the pros-
trations of war lifted up, and your land re-
cover from the sad effects of the struggle, can
you find anywhere, in any condition of things,
so much of promise, so mnch to encourage and
console, so little of bad faith, so little to repel,
so little to wound your self-respect or to remind
you of an unsuccessful past, as in this great
chieftain and the party of which he is the
acknowledged and accepted head.
I.know you will be told differently ; I know
that you have been so told -T I know that you
have been taught to hate the Radical party,
as his supporters are called ; that they have
been maligned and arraigned, that they will
continue to be, but. not by the true friends of
the southern people. It will be by the same
class, mostly by the same men, who for years
were active in arraying the southern against the
northern people.; the same men who always
found it convenient to exhibitevery unpalatable
sentiment, every extreme opinion, every obli-
quity of conduct, every short-coming or over-do-
ing reported in any corner of the vast and popu-
lous North, as characteristic of a distinct, hate-
ful, and contemptible race. These men have
always fastened upon some northern name to
hold up continually to the public gaze as mon-
sters of power and wickedness, types of all
that is abominable in principle and fiendish in
practice. There are some still living who can
remember when all through the South the great
Dame of Alexander Hamilton was a by-word
of opprobrium and execration ; and after him
Timothy Pickering, the "blue-light" Federal-
ists, and the Hartford convention. Daniel
Webster succeeded to the inheritance of cal-
umy and popular abuse. Theu the great names
of sorcery and evil omen were Seward, Gid-
dings, Greeley, and abolitionism. At the pres-
ent moment the hate-inspiring word is radical-
ism, and the execrated men are Charles
Sumner and Old Thad Stevens. Will a de-
ceived people never grow wiser, and learn to
detect and despise such abominable trickery ?
Mr. MULLIiN'S. What do they say of Brown-
low?
Mr. MAYNARD. He being native there
and to the manner born falls into the class of
"scalawags," the home-made Yankees, the
traitors to the South, like my colleague him-
self.
SCHCTLliS COLFAX.
A ssociated with General Grant, second on
the ticket, as candidate for Vice President, is
one well known, long the favorite of his party,
not only for his amenity and the general excel-
lence of his character, but for the signal indus-
try and ability which he brings to the manage-
ment of public affairs. I need not say to you,
sir, for the moment'OCigupjing his,chair as the
Presiding Officer of tkisjbojcly, that, I allude to
Schuyler Coltax.." ^p', old .acquaintance and
personal friend, I will-pot .trji'sf tayselCtp .speak
.of him in suet terjn.f'.'as 1 co^ld reajdijyjcpm-
majia lest- the wa'r^ith, .of friendship , jstc'uld
transport me- heyohtTihe limits of decorum
and the prescribed. rules of congressional"
debate. //
An old Whig of tlfe strictest sect, educated
in the best school of the politician, the-Ameri-
can press, such he was when I 'm^'thim foe tlje
first time, in June, .J852, at the, Maryland . In-
stitute, in the city'of Baltimore., We^ete.JioUi
members of that memorable Whig convention,
the last that ever assembled, which" nominated
General Scott, the last Whig candidate, for the
Presidency. It was an imposing assemblage ;
the noblest of the land were in conclave,' the
loyal, patriotic; Union-loving. The fervor.of
their-protestations' for- the Union betrayed a
strong consciousness of its imminent perils.
As became young men incur- novitiate,w.e were
listeners and lookers on. Keith^c of "us," nor
others not a few, young and gilent, like* our-
selves, but jsince proroinenfc"befoxe'"the, coun-
try, have ever "Forgotten <}r disregarded' the
inculcations, of that final gathering.." The .end
of.the grand old party was worthy of its
career. It, went down as the Cumberland went
down, with the flag flying "and th§ men at' the
guns. Of the'party no less can be said than
that no man was ever ashamed to have belonged
to it.
Upon its dissolution Mr. Colfax joined the
Ptepublican party, of which he at once became
and continues a conspicuous, leader, and the
history of the party is his history. A few car-
dinal facts are all that is necessary to illustrate
both his great personal popularity and his
official success. As indicative of the former,
it is not unworthy of the occasion to remark
that more children, I venture to say, have been
named for him than for any other living man,
or for any dead man, except, perhaps, General
Washington and General Jackson. By con-
secutive service he is all but the oldest member
of the House, has.filled the chair of the Pre-
siding Officer of- thi3 body longer than any
.man except Henry Clay. His .position as
Speaker has not prevented him, whenever a
bill has been offered in t-he House relieving
from political disabilities persons involved in
the rebellion, from casting his vote in favor of
it, against almost the entire delegation from
his own State." Liberality, generosity, un-
wearied kindness have marked his official con-
duct no less than his private intercourse.
These are the men, such their character-
istics, that have been selected by the Union
EepubHcan party as their representative and
chosen leaders. And this stands out as a fact,
living, clear, bright, beyond all cohtroversy
and gainsaying, above all the denunciations
and vituperations that have been or will be
heaped upon them by political opposition.
CONCLUDING APPEAL.
Trusting that these humble words of mine
may reach beyond the limits of this Chamber,
perchance reach some , portion of those for
whom they are intended, I would ask whether
their future, ali they hope and expect, is'not
identified with the cause and the party which
they have been taught to distrust and with-
stand.
I submit to the old Whigs and to the Union
men of the South what have they to gain, sup-
pose the ticket nominated the other day at New
York should succeed. Suppose,that old party
which dominated the country before the war
should again become lord of the ascendant, do
they suppose for a moment that they would be
among the favored ones ? They would be sent
to the rear along with the other prisoners, or,
may be, permitted to take their share with the
retainers and camp followers. The men who
would come in for the chosen places, and oc-
