1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Pennsylvania, John Bannister Gibson, whom
my friend eulogized when he announced his
death in the spring of 1863 at the session of
the supreme court at Harrisburg, and whose
eloquent words may be read in the seventh
volume of Harris's Reports—a man of whom I
may say that the continent which we inhabit
has never yet produced his equal as a great
judge — John Bannister Gibson, whose name
is belter known in Westminster Hall to-day
than that of any other American lawyer, who,
Mr. Sumner, told me some years ago, when he
rode the circuit with Lord Campbell, is quoted
more frequently in England than any other
American lawyer; he was the man who wrote
the opinion which the gentleman has attempted
to characterize by some belittling terms, and
which opinion, ifgentlemen willread, will speak
foritself. And what does he decide? He decides
that under the word "freeman," which was
the word in our old constitution, negroes had
110 right to vote.) that the inspector was right
in refusing to receive the black man's vote ;
and that the court which decided in favor of
the negro was wrong. Accordingly the court
reversed that judgment then and there, on the
ground that under the constitution of 1790,
which used the word " freeman," the black
man had no right to vote.
Judge Gibson went further. He showed,
with that luminous logic for which he was
distinguished above all other men in our State,
if not above all others outside of it, that the
negroes never had entered into the social com-
pact of this country; that they were brought
here to be slaves against their consent; that
they were not here as the emigrant is, by his
own volition, and by no act or deed of theirs
had they ever entered into the social compact
out of which suffrage results.
Sir, let me say further, that within the last
year, nay, only last fall, a present judge of the
supreme court of Pennsylvania, placed on that
bench by the very party which sent my col-
league to this House, and a Republican of the
strictest sort—I mean Hon. Daniel Agnew—in
a case which was then before the court, reaf-
firmed the great principles of Judge Gibson's
decision. And allow me here also to say he
was a member of the reform convention. The
case before the court was this: a railroad ran
from Westchester and Philadelphia, on which
the directors partitioned off a part of one car
for colored people and made all suitable ar-
rangements for accommodating them in that
portion of the ear. It was just as well cush-
ioned and seated as any part of the car, but it
was segregated from the rest of the car by a
partition. A colored woman entered the car.
The conductor told her she must take her place
in the part assigned to colored people. She
said she would not. He told her she must or
leave the ear. She still refused. He then turned
her out. An action was thereupon brought
against the company for refusing to carry her
in the car. It was tried before the common pleas
in Philadelphia, and the plaintiff recovered dam-
ages. It came into the supreme court, and
Judge Agnew, whom I will indorse, as sound
and thoroughgoing a Republican as any on this
floor, delivered the opinion of the court; and
what was it? He reversed the judgmentof the
court below. He decided that this was a rea-
sonable arrangement by which the blacks were
to be separated from the white passengers, and
that the woman was bound to conform to it;
that the black race had no part in the social
compact, in the language of Judge Gibson in the
other case, and that all our constitutions, laws,
and usages from the very settlement of this
country down to that time had maintained the
distinction. He would not allege the inferior-
ity of the colored race, but he did expressly say
that that distinction was not to be construed
into inferiority. If any gentleman choose to
say that the inferiority is on the part of the
white man there is nothing in Judge Agnew's
opinion to forbid him, and he is welcome to
take that view. But Judge Agnew does not
allege that the negro is inferior to the white
man, but he does allege that he is distinct from
the white man and has always been so treated
under the laws of Pennsylvania, which the
gentleman seems not to understand.
Mr. BLAINE. Would they have turned
out a white person for not going into the other
part of the car?
Mr. BURR. Suppose you go in and try it.
Mr. WOODWARD. It will be time enough
to decide that question when it arises. But
when I hear an intelligent lawyer from Penn-
sylvania beginning by reciting in the pream-
ble to his bill that we have no republican gov-
ernment there, and alleging in answer to my
question that in practice and usage we have
no republican government in Pennsylvania,
and have never had, and especially when I
hear him indulging in reflections on those
great and good meu who decided the case of
Hobbs vs. Fogg, I confess I feel myself moved
to vindicate not only the constitution and laws
of Pennsylvania against such mistaken state-
ments, but lo vindicate as far as I may the
memory of those good men who are dead and
gone, as well as that living man who is still
honoring the bench of the supreme court of
Pennsylvania, by saying that no one sentence
that has fallen from the lips of my colleague
in regard to negro suffrage and the negro race
finds the slightest foundation, the least shade
of a shadow of foundation, in the constitution
and laws or the judicial judgments of the State
of Pennsylvania.
I have stated, and stated correctlyand truly,
as I believe, tliejudieial decisions on this sub-
ject. When, then, the convention of 1838 came
to this article in regard to elections and read
that "freemen" were entitled to vote, they
were not ignorant of the judicial construction
which had just been placed upon it—that it
meant white men; but they deemed it prudent,
from abundance of caution, to guard against
the madness and frenzy of party passion in
the future by inserting before the word " free-
men " the word "white." The convention
was not a convention of Democrats. The
Democrats were in a minority in that body. I
had the honor to be in a minority there, al-
though not in so wretched a minority as I am
in here. But by a largo vote—I cannot tell by
how large a vote—the word "white" was in-
serted before the word "freemen," and it stands
there to this day, which is a further construction
of the laws and usages of Pennsylvania in re-
gard to the black race. It was a confirmation
of the judgment of the supreme court in the
case of Hobbs vs. Fogg, andwhichwas apart of
the grounds on which Judge Agnew placed him-
self in the recent case. We are, therefore, a
happy family in Pennsylvania on the subject
of negro suffrage. We have always been of
one mind. The only reason, as is shown in
Judge Gibson's opinion, why the word "white "
was not placed in the constitution of 1790 was
that Albert Gallatin, who was a man of very
dark complexion, when somebody proposed to
putin the word "white," said that it would
exclude him from voting, and out of deference
to him the word " white " was left out. But
from abundance of caution, and to guard against
just such statements and arguments as the
wounded ear of this House has heard to-day,
we did put the word "white" into the consti-
tution, and we mean to keep it there.
Now, onequestion more to my colleagueand
I have done. That provision being in the con-
stitution of Pennsylvania by the highest judi-
cial sanction of the State, and suffrage being
by common consent in all our history held to
be one of the reserved rights of the States, I
would like to know how the gentleman pro-
poses to eradicate the word "white " from the
constitution of the State—in other words, how
he proposes to overthrow the constitution by
an act of Congress ?
Mr. BROOMALL resumed the floor.
Mr. KELLEY. I hope my colleague [Mr.
Broomall] will not fail, in replying to our dis-
tinguished colleague, [Mr. Woodward,] to
bring the attention of the House to the fact
that the contemporaneous construction of the
constitution of 1790 and all subsequent actioa
under it in the State recognized the freeman's
right to vote irrespective of his color, and that
he and I both know men who each year for
eighteen, twenty, and twenty-five years cast
their votes at the annual elections throughout
the State of Pennsylvania.
Mr. BROOMALL. My colleague is right.
Up to 1838 no Pennsylvanian entertained any
more doubt about the right of men of all races
to vote in Pennsylvania with the necessary
other qualifications than the people of the
United States doubted that negroes had rights
that white men were bound to respect up to
the time of the Dred Scott decision.
But the Dred Scott decision did not strike
and wound the moral sense of the people of
the United States more than the decision which
my colleague lauds so highly did the moral
sense of the people of Pennsylvania at the time
it was made. I remember that decision per-
fectly well; and I can very well appreciate the
reason of my colleague for insisting, by way of
abundant caution, upon inserting the word
" white" in the constitution of Pennsylvania,
notwithstanding it had been decided to be vir-
tually in the old constitution. He knew, as
every Pennsylvanian knew, that up tQ the mo-
ment of that decision the idea would have
been held by any legal mind to be prepos-
terous and absurd. And he could not know
that the common sense of mankind would not,
upon the very next trial of a similar case, force
the judges to reverse their decision, as the
judges of Pennsylvania have been in the habit
of doing. I do not wonder that he desired to
put the word " white" in the Constitution ; and
the fact that he did desire it is all I want to
base my argument upon. He did not believe
it to be virtually there before.
The thinking men of Pennsylvania all de-
rided thatdecision, and would have overthrown
it before one year had passed if it had not been
for the gentleman and his colleagues, "by
\vay of abundant caution," putting the word
"white" in the new constitution. I said that
the case the gentleman cites was got up for the
purpose. That was what was told me at the
time. I remember the case, although I had no
personal knowledge of it.
Mr. WOODWARD. The gentleman is mis-
taken about that.
Mr. BROOMALL. But it is very significant
that that case was decided by judges who would
have been, indeed who were, legislated off the
bench by the new constitution, and who had
that very strong reason t jr removing the argu-
ment in favor of the new constitution, based
j upon the Democratic prejudices of the people
of Pennsylvania.
Mr. BOYER. Will ray colleague allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. BROOMALL. Very well f although I
hope the gentleman will not inte rrupt me too
much.
Mr. BOYER. The gentleman says the peo-
ple of Pennsylvania would have reversed the
decision of the supreme court of that State had
not the word "white" been put in their new
constitution. I would ask him if the people
of Pennsylvania did not vote for that constitu-
tion, thereby approving the insertion of the
word "white" in it?
Mr. BROOMALL. Certainly they did, by
a very small majority, and they did it in part
for the purpose of getting rid of certain of
their judges. The people of Pennsylvania
understood that in regard to the question of
white and black suffrage the two constitutions
were the same, the old one by the decision of
the court and the new one by the action of the
convention in inserting the word "white;"
they understood that very well. A dozen
reasons operated to induce the people of Penn-
sylvania to adopt that constitution ; but I am
proud to say that my vote at that election—and
it was the first vote I ever gave—was cast
against that constitution, and upon the ground
that it disfranchised native Pennsylvanians
