1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4007
Kentucky [Mr. Adams] is the same one at-
tempted to be made by other gentlemen here
in regard to the expense of the bureau. I
have answered it two or three times already;
and I only want to say now one word upon the
point. The gentleman knows or ought to know
that all the expenses of this bureau would have
been defrayed from the collections of cotton
made by the labor of freedmen under the
operations of the bureau. Not one dollar of
expense would have been imposed upon the
Treasury of the United States if it had not
been for the action of President Johnson in
returning property, both personal and real, to
the rebels from whom it had been taken. It
is by that action, and that alone, that any ex-
pense for the support of the bureau has been
put_upon the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to know whether
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Eliot] denies specifically the charge made by
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Adams,]
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buy-
er,] and the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] that the expense of this bureau has
been within the time stated $16,000,000?
Mr. ELIOT. I deny it emphatically. The
gentlemen have had before them the figures
which would have shown them their statement
is not correct.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. They all affirm that it
is true.
Mr. ELIOT. Certainly; and the gentle-
men's President has stated the amount at
$20,000,000. There is no truth in any such
statement.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. President Johnson, I
believe, stated the amount as $12,000,000.
Mr. ELIOT. I yield to the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine.]
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, by the second
section of the thirteenth article of the amend-
ments of the Constitution authorizing Congress
to "enforce by appropriate legislation" the
abolition of slavery, we are empowered to use
lor that purpose this bureau whenever it may be
necessary. So long as it is impossible for the
State governments in the South to do this it
would seem to me to be reasonable to continue
the Freedmen's Bureau, and I should be in favor
of such continuance. But as a member of the
Committee on Freedmen's Affairs, I am in
favor of discontinuing this bureau just as soon
as the people of those reconstrucled States
shall themselves be able to secure to the freed-
men of the South that which it is the duty of
the nation to see secured to them. The recon-
struction of these States will, I trust, speedily
be followed by such a condition of things in
the South as will enable the States themselves
to accord to the freedmen the protection to
which under this thirteenth article they are
entitled.
I am therefore in favor of the amendment
of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Allison.]
making compulsory the discontinuance of this
bureau on the 1st of January next. I should
be in favor of discontinuing it in each of those
States as fast as they are reconstructed but for
the fact that it will require time for the State
governments there to acquire the power to
carry out to the freedmen the guarantees of
this new amendment of the Constitution. It
will be our duty to furnish these State govern-
ments with the means of doing it. It will be
our duty to furnish the militia of those States
with arms which will enable them to protect
these freedmen. Already measures have been
inaugurated which will result in a provision for
that necessity of the case, but time will be
required to consummate these arrangements.
Therefore it would be wrong for us to violate
this constitutional amendment by discontinuing
the Freedmen's Bureau atonce. But I cannot
see, if arms are furnished by the Federal Gov-
ernment to the militia of these States to enable
them to protect themselves and the freedmen
within their limits against outrages, why we
cannot safely withdraw the Freedmen's Bureau
and the Federal Army. 1 cannot see why the
State of Tennessee hereafter cannot protect the
freedmen within the limits of fche State of Ten-
nessee. I trust the State of Tennessee will be
able to do that. I confess, sir, I am a little
surprised to hear gentlemen from Tennessee
admit, as they seem to admit, the inability of
the State governmentof Tennessee, of the loyal
people of Tennessee, to afford this protection.
Why are they not able? Is it because they
have not arms ia their hands to defend them
against the outrages of these rebels? If that
is the reason let us give them out of the im-
mense supply of unnecessary arms now on
hand, enough of arras so they can protect them-
selves and the freedmen against these outrages.
Unless there is some reason, then, not sug-
gested on this floor to-day, I hope the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Alli-
son] will be adopted, and the Freedmen's
Bureau be discontinued in every reconstructed
State as soon as the 1st of January next.
Mr. BOYER. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts allow me to correct some of the
fallacies in his calculation?
Mr. ELIOT. I cannot yield. I demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. Allison's amendment was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading, and it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. ELJOT demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BROOKS and Mr. BECK demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 104, nays 31, not voting
53; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames,' Arncll. Delos It.
Ashley, James M. Ashley. Bailey, Baldwin, Beatty,
Benjamin, Benton, Blair, Boles, Boutwell, Bromwell,
Buckland, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook,
Covode, Oullom, Dawes, Delano, Dixon, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eckley, Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss,
Fields. French'Garfield, Griswold, Hamilton, Higby,
Hmds, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester 1). Hubbard, Hul-
burd, Hunter, Jenekes, Alexander II. Jones. Judd,
Julian, Kelsey, Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, William
Lawrence, Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, McClurg, Mclvee, Mercur, Miller, Moore,
Moorhead, Mullins, Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
Perham, Peters, Pike. Pile, Plants, Poland, Pom-
eroy, Raum, Robertson, Roots, Sawyer, Schenck,
Scofield, Shanks, Smith, Starkweather, Thaddeus
Stevens, Stokes, Taylor, Tliomas,Trowbridge,Twich-
cll.Van Aernam.BurtVan Horn,Robert T.Van Horn,
Van Wyck, Ehhu B. Washburne, Henry D. "Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Wil-
liams. William Williams, and John T. Wilson—Wi.
NAYS — Messis. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Beck,
Boyer, Brooks, Gary, Chanler, Eldridge, Getz, Gloss-
brenner, Golladay, Grover, Haight, Hawkins. John-
son, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott, George V.Law-
reuce, Marshall, Mungen, Niblack, Phelps, Randall,
Ross, Sitgreaves, Stewart, Tabcr, Lawrence S. Trim-
ble. Van Auken, and Van Trump—31.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Baker, Banks,
Barnes, Barnum, Bcainan,Bingham,Blaine.Broom-
a 11, Burr, Cake, Reader W. Clarke, Cornell, Deweese,
Dodge, Eggleston, Ferry, Finney, Fox, Gravely, Hal-
sey, llardmg, Hill, Holman, Hotchkiss, Asahel W,
Hubbard, ltichard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Inger-
soli, Kelley, Laflin, Lincoln, Loan, Logan. Lough-
ridge, McCormick, McCullough, Morreil, Mor-
rissey, Newcomb, Nicholson, Nunn, Polsley, Price,
Pruyn, Robinson, Selye, Sllcllabargor, Spalding,
Aaron F. Stevens, Stone, Taffe, John Trimble,
Upson, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, James F.
Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Wood, Wood-
bridge, and Woodward—63.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NORTII CAROLINA MEMBERS.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. The Committee of Elections, to whom
were referred the credentials of Nathaniel Boy-
den and Oliver H. Dockery, claiming seats
from the third and seventh districts of North
Carolina, instruct me to report they find the
credentials in due form of law, but that these
gentlemen are unable to take the oath of office
prescribed by the statute of July 2,1862, because
one of them, Mr. Boyden, was a member of the
Legislature of North Carolina under the con-
federate government, and the other, Mr. Dock-
ery, served in 1803 for three months in the
confederate army. The disabilities incurred
by these acts have been removed by act of
Congress, and therefore the committee recom-
mend that these gentlemdn be admitted to
their scats upon taking the oath of office re-
quired by the act prescribing an oath of office
to be taken by persons from whom legal dis-
abilities shall have been removed.
The SPEAKER. The President of the
United States having notified the House of
his approval, on the 11th of July, of the act
referred to, it has therefore now become the
law. 'The question is on agreeing with the
report of the Committee of Elections.
The report of the committee was agreed to
Mr. Nathaniel Boyden and Mr. Oliver H,
Dockery then appeared, and were duly qual-
ified by taking the oath prescribed by the act
of July 11, 1868.
Mr. BROOKS. A very sensible oath.
BRIDGE IX BOSTON HARBOR.
Mr. MOORHEAD obtained the floor, but
yielded to Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts,
who asked unanimous consent to offer a joint
resolution for the appointment of au additional
commissioner on the commission relative to a
bridge in Boston harbor.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be reported; after which the Chair will ask for
objections, if any.
The joint resolution was reported. It author-
izes the Secretary of War and the Secretary of
the Navy to appoint an additional commis-
sioner from civil life to determine the question
of the feasibility and propriety of throwing a
bridge across a portion of Boston harbor
called "Maverick bridge," so that said com-
mission shall consist of five.
Mr. PIKE and Mr. BANKS objected.
KIAGAUA FALLS SHIP-CANAL.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the bill providing for the construc-
tion ot a ship canal around the I'alls of Niagara, now
in Committee ot the Whole, ho postponed to the 10th
day of December next, ami made the special order
immediately alter the morning hour.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There will
be no objection, I take it, to a simple post-
ponement.
Mr. JUDD. I will strike out so much of the
resolution as makes it the special order if the
gentleman will withdraw his objection.
Mr. KELSEY. I still object.
Mr. JUDD. I more to suspend the rules.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I cannot yield for that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman will have a right to move to suspend
the rules for a special purpose which would
override the objection of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not aware
of any such rule in the Digest. Two motions
to suspend the rules cannot be made at the
same time if the maker of the first motion in-
sists upon it.
SOLICITOR AND NAVAL JUDGE ADVOCATE.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1430) to abolish
the office of solicitor and naval judge advo-
cate, and for other purposes ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
HEMISSION or DUTY ON BELLS.
Mr. GRISWOLD, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee of Ways and
Means a joint resolution (H. R. No. 339)
authorizing the remission of the duties on a
chime of bells imported for presentation to
the Episcopal church at Hoosack, Renssellaer
county, New York ; which was read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
