4«0
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 21,
IIo. of Reps.
Indian Affairs—Mr. Burleigh.
40th Coxgk ... 2d Sess.
cupy the chief seats would be a very different
class of people. If dur?ng the period of recon-
struction any of them have perchance been put
forward and have been favored it has been but
for the time, and as a means of bridging over
the chasm. Another class of men have sought
• by passing over their backs, making as it were a
pontoon of them, to secure for themselves the
supreme control, to which unaided they aspire
in vain. When the fox. escaped from the well,
by the aid of the silly goat, he left him to perish,
having no longer any use for him.
On the other hand, suppose they support
General Grant: when he stall be elected Pres-
ident, as the omens all declare he will be,
these men, the old Whigs and the Union men
of the South—names in most instances, per-
haps, synonymous, but not so universally, be-
cause there were- Whigs who are not Union
men, and there are Union men who were not
Whigs—will naturally be intrusted with the
control of public affairs in that portion of the
country. Their cherished principles will then
be triumphant, their teachings will at last be
listened to with honor and respect. The recol-
lection of what they said in the old times and
the fulfillment of their dark predictions will
give to their counsels for the future a degree
of confidence and influence which no others
■will enjoy, especially those whose baleful pre-
cepts have clothed the land in mourning. Their
natural associations are with this great party
of the future. With their opponents they will
never be at home, never be cordially received.
This party, with these leaders, will give them
welcome and admit them to a full participation
in its affairs. They will no longer compose the
hopeless minority to which for many years
they have been condemned.
If, therefore, they are wise, if they are pru-
dent, wise and prudent for the highest good
of their country, even in the narrower and
lower wisdom which looks alone to personal
interest and self-advancement, they will dis-
card that ominous thing, that " cause" of the
devil which has loomed before them these last
eight years as a terror and a trouble; they will
contemn it, spurn it, and will strike hands with
the friends of freedom and of free govern-
ment all over the country ; they will grasp the
old flag-staff; they will rally to the old national
airs; they will again keep step, as of old, to
the music of the Union.
APPENDIX.
Since the preparation and delivery of this
speech an official report has come to hand,
dated June 30, 1868, made to the constitu-
tional convention of Texas by its committee
on lawlessness and violence. It is a collection
of statistics from the records of the State De-
partment, the records of the office of the Freed-
men' s Bureau, and the sworn statements of com-
petent and reliable witnesses. I make a few
extracts and then leave them without comment:
"We have directed our investigations to the homi-
cides committed during the period of time interven-
ing between the close of the rebellion and the 1st of
June, 1868; and, from the three sources of inform-
ation mentioned, we present the following statistics
of homicides in Texas:
Whites, Freedmen. Total.
Killed in 1865  39 38 77
Killed in I860  TO 72 142
Killed in 1867  1G6 165 831
Killed in 1868  171 133 304
Year unknown  24 21 45
Of unknown race  40
Total .....470 429 399
making a grand total of nine hundred and thirty-
nine bomicidcs committed in Texas since the conclu-
sion uf the waj, June 18Cu, to June, 1,1868, including
a tew cases casually reported in the present month.
Tins gives an averago of three hundred and thirteen
per year.
" Of these nine hundredand thirty-nine homicides,
there were—
By whites, 46i whites, 373 freedmen, total, 833.
By ireedmcn, 30 white*, 48 freedmen, total. 58.
And by purticswhobo race is unknown, 48."
** *
"Mauy of those homicide.* have doubtless b^en
committed for purposes of plunder and robbery. The
facts and the testimony show that many of our high-
ways are infested by bandits who will take life for a.
horse or a pistol or a purse. These desperadoes,
with very few exceptions, were either confederate
officers or soldiers or bushwhackers during the late
war, and now constitute one of the legitimate entail-
ments of secession and rebellion. It is also true that
many of these homicides have resulted from private
quarrels. There is much bad blood in the land. But
this wholesale killing cannot be accounted for by
either or both of the causes named. The figures
themselves shed some light on this subject. During
the last three years, according to the reports con-
sulted, three hundred and seventy-three freedmen
have been killed by whites, while only ten whites
have been killed by freedmen, Now it cannot be
that all these colored people, or any considerable
number of them, were murdered for their money;
their extremepoverty forbids thesupposition. Neither
can it be that many of them were slain in personal
altercations with whites ; for in that event, there
should have been as many whites killed by freedmen
as freedmen by whites, the freedmen being it is said,
generally as well armed as the whites. This great
disparity between numbers of the two races killed,
the one by the other, shows conclusively that 'the
war of races' is all oil the part of the whites against
the blacks. The evidence in our possession also
shows-that a very large portion of tne whites mur-
dered were Union men, and that the criminals, with
remarkably few exceptions, were and are disloyal to
the Government." • ♦ * * * *
"We have been challenged to produce cases of
Union men and freedmen being persecuted for thoir
loyalty. We now do so. Judge Black was a Repub-
lican ; he was murdered in 1867 in Uvalue county by
a rebel. Milton Biggs was a Union man, and had
been appointed county judge of Blanco county; he
was murdered in 1867, while plowing in his field,
before he could qualify. Judge Christian, a loyal
man, of Bell county, was pursued into Missouri, and
murdered by a party of rebels. Mr. Wade and seven
other gentlemen were killed in Lamar county last
year for their Unionism. Four men were recently
murdered in the county of Hunt, and six in Bell
county, tor their loyalty. Within the present month
the county j udge and thedistrict clerk of Hunt county
have been driven from their homes, and compelled
to fly for their lives bccause of their unyielding
attachment to the Government. Hundreds of loyal
men, to our knowledge, are at this time forsaking
their homes in Texas, fleeing from the assassin, iorced
away by rebel intolerance. And we here put it to
record that honorable members of this convention
are to-day exiles from their firesides and dare not
return to their families, forthe only reason that they
will not forswear their principles. Now, while it
remains true that the Union men of Texas constitute
a yery small proportion of the white population, and
while it is truo that they arc beiDg killed by rebels,
it is impossible to escape the conclusion that they
are killed for their Unionism. In other words, if
they were rebels they would not be killed.
" And when we come to examine the persecutions
suffered by the freed people, the mass of testimony
is so overwhelming that no man of candor can for a
moment question the statement that they are, in
very many parts of the State, wantonly maltreated
and slain simply because they are iree and claim to
exercise the rights of freemen. Some months ago, in
Panola county, a party of whites rode up to a cabin
wherein some freed people were dancing, and delib-
erately fired upon them, killing four, one a woman,
and seriously wounding several others. In 1867, in
Dewitt county, a white man meta black man riding,
and asked him what ho was going to dowith the whip
he held in his hand, and on being answoied nothing,
shot the freedman, killing him instantly. In the
coun ty of Fort Bend, last year, a whiteman was riding
through town, and on seeing a negro man standing
on the steps of the office of the Freedman's Bureau
he drew his revolver and shot him dead. The crim-
inal had never seen or spoken to the freedman be-
fore. In Newton county, 1867, a white man met a
colored man driving a team; the former made the
freedman get out of his wagon, and then shot him
seven times in cold blood. In Fort B^nd county,
same year, the freed people were holding a fair to
procure funds to finish their church, and while they
were singing a hymn, two white men rode by and
fired their pistols into the church.
"In October, 1867, a white man was traveling m
Grayson county and met a freedman; atter passing
him a few yards, he turned and fired upon him, hit-
ting him in the back. The freedman died iu a few
hours; he had not spoken a word to the murderer—
had never seen him before. But a few days ago a
party of white men assaulted the family ol an unof-
fending freedman in Falls county, killing and danger-
ously wounding another freedman. In the same
county, a few weeks ago two armed white men, in
open day, went to the house of a colored man, and
without any provocation murdered him, Soon after
this, a white man, in the same neighborhood, rodo
up to two freedmen, and, without any known cause,
shot one of them dead and fired at tho other, Last
week the colored registrar in Burleson counts" was
found murdered; and in January last the colored
registrar of Milan county wfis called to his door at
night and shot. And so the bloody story runs."
"A white boy, thirteen years old, was waylaid and
shot, and severely wounded, by a man named John-
son, in Hopkins county. Johnson was arrested by
the sheriff, a loyal man, brought before Judge jMu>-
berry, of the eighth judicial district, found guilty of IJ
a siinplo assault, and lined ten dollars. The sherill H
of Hunt county, a Union man, was resisted and shot
while arresting a criminal; the said criminal was
tried before the said Mayberry, bailed in a bond of
$600, and is now at large. In another county a rebel
murdered s boy not fourteen years old; he was tried
and acquitted on the ground that he had lost an arm
in the confederate service. In another case, a loyal
man was agsaulted with intent to kill by a rebel, and,
after being fired at once, shot and killed his adver-
sary. He was promptly arrested, and compelled to
give bond for $50,000. Another loyal man was as-
saulted with deadly weapons throe times by a party
of rebels ; he made oath to the facts before theproper
authorities, but to this day the said authorities have
refused to arrest the criminals, though well known
to the sheriff." * * * * * * *
"Moreover, fuller reports show that sin<5e the
policy of General Hancock was inaugurated, sus-
tained as it is by President Johnson, the homicides
in Texas have averaged fifty-fiveper month; and for
the last five months they haye averaged sixty per
month."
Indian Affairs.
SPEECH OF HON. W. A. BURLEIGH,
of dakota,
In the Hocse of Representatives,
July 21, 1868,
On the Indian affairs of the country.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Mr. Speaker, it is always
difficult to command the attention of men while
discussing a question which they do not under-
stand and in which they are not interested ;
especially is it the case in this House at the
close of a protracted session. But, sir, there
is one question of this character which is of
the greatest moral and financial importance to
the country, to which you, as faithful legislators,
can neither close your eyes nor ears, a question
which now presents itself and offers to this Gov-
ernment the alternative of peace and tranquil-
lity, or a long and costly war. I allude to our
present relations with the Indian tribes of the
country.
For years past, while Congress has been de-
vising means to keep up our national finances,
millions upon millions of money have been
expended in the support of western armies
whose sole duty it has been to preserve peace
with the Indian tribes and protect the frontiers.
It was not until the second session of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress that any well devised,
practical plan was adopted which looked to the
ultimate and final settlement of this important
question. Having become satisfied that some
decisive step must be taken by the Govern-
ment to put an end to the murderous warfare
that was going on upon our western frontiers,
and stop the monstrous drain upon the Treas-
ury of the nation which this war produced,
Congress appointed a commission and charged
it with the important duty of proceeding to
the Indian country to ascertain the cause, and,
if possible, put an end to these disturbances.
This commission was composed of Generals
Sherman, Harney, and Terry, Senator Hender-
son, Commissioner Taylor, General Sanborn,
and Colonel Tappan.
In accordance with their instructions these
commissioners proceeded to the Indian coun-
try—visited most of the hostile tribes—held
frequent and protracted councils with their
most influential chiefs and head men, and dis-
covered (just what every intelligent frontiers-
man knew before) that the war was waged by
the Indians in consequence of the invasion of
their country by the white man. There is
nothing new or strange in this. It is the old
conflict renewed. The inevitable result of the
juxtaposition of dissimilar races, with a de-
termined effort on the part of the stwjnger to
overpower and destroy the weaker. Toe result
will be, as it ever has been, the triumph of the
superior and the extermination of the inferior
race if they remain together. All or nearly
all of our Indian troubles have resulted from
the invasion of their country by the whites, and
there will be no permanent peace until the two
races are separated or until one of them, ia
exterminated.
