4008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
grossed and read a tliird time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. GRISWOLD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
he laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ROSWELL BATES.
On motion of Mr. MILLER, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Invalid Pensions
were discharged from the further considera-
tion of the memorial of Roswell Bates, asking
for a pension from 1817 to 1852 ; and the same
was referred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions and of the War of 1812.
TIIE TARIFF BILL.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I now move that the
rules bo suspended, and the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of consid-
ering the tariff bill; and pending that motion,
I move that all general debate on the bill be
closed in thirty minutes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Cannot the gentleman
say thirty-one minutes?
Mr. MOOEHEAD. No, sir.
Mi-. ELDRiDGrE. I think he ought to give
us another minute.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Not at this stage of the
session.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Surely on a bill of this
importance he might let us have thirty-one
minutes. I move to amend his motion so as
to make the time thirty-one minutes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend the motion so as to close debate in two
hours.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. As the gentleman from
Illinois is so liberal, I withdraw my amendment.
The question was put on the amendment;
ami there were—ayes 57, noes 4G.
Mr. MOORHEAD demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Moorhead
and Mr. Golladay were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes CO, noes 5G.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The motion to close debate, as amended,
was then agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of_ Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the motion was
agreed to; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CULLOM. Is it in order to move to
postpone the bill until next session?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. CULLOM. Then I make that motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion to postpone
will be reserved until the vote is taken on the
motion to suspend the rules to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
as that motion, if adopted, would suspend the
rule allowing the motion to postpone to be
made.
Mr. CULLOM. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the House or the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union can take a recess at any
time they please, but the House will meet at
half past seven o'clock this evening in Com-
mittee of the Whole (Mr. Cdllom in the chair)
for general debate exclusively.
. The question was taken on Mr. Moobhead's
motion ; and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 84, nays 56, not voting GO; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Arclier, Arnell,
Delosil. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks,
Benton, Blair, Boles.Boutwoll, Boyden, Boycr, Buck-
lirad, Roderick K. Butler, Churchill, L'ovode, Dawes,
Dixon, Dockery, Driggs, Eckley,Ela, Ferriss, Fields,
Garfield, Get?., Griswold, Haight, Hamilton, Higby,
Hinds, ChestcrD. Hubbard, Hulbnrd, J enckes, Alex-
ander II. Jones, Kelsey, Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz,
George V. Lawrence, Lynch, Mallory, Marvin. May-
nard, McCarthy, McClurg, McKce, Moreur. Milloi.
Moore, Moorhead, Mulhns, Myers, O'Neill, tV-r-
ham, Pile. Plants, Poland, Pomeroy, Jtandall, Rob-
ertson,Sawyer, Sehenck,Seotield,Selyo, Smith. Spald
ing, Starkweather, Stokes, Taylor, Trowbridge,
Tvvichell, Upson, Van Aukcn, Burt Van Horn, Van
Wyck, Ward, Henry X). Washburn, "William H.
Washburn, Wclker, Thomas Williams, and Stephen
P. Wilson—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Axteil, Baker,
Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Bromweli, Brooks, Benja-
min 1". Butler, Gary, Cbanler, Sidney Ciarke, Cobb,
Cook, Cullom, Donnelly, Eldridge, _ l'arnsworth,
Glossbrenner, Golladay, Grover, Hawkins, Hopkins,
Hunter, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian,
Kerr, Knott, William Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Lough-
ridge, Marshall, Mungen, Niblack, -N unn, Orth,
Paino, Peters, Phelps, Piko, Ross, Shanks, Sit-
greaves, Stewart, Taber, Tall'e, Thomas, Lawrence
S. Trimble, Van Trump, Eiihu B. Washburne, Wil-
liam Williams, and James P. Wilson—50.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Bailey. Barnes, Barnum,
JBeaman, Bingham, Blaine, Broomall, Burr, Cake,
Header W. Clarke, Coburn, Coinell, Delano, Dc-
weese. Dodge, Eggleston, Eliot, l^erry, Kinney, Eox,
French, Gravely, Halsey, Harding, Hill, llolman,
Hooper, llotchkiss, Asaliel \V. Hubbard, Kiehard
D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Ingersoll, licllcy, Lallin,
Lincoln, McCormiek. MeCullough, Moricll, Morris-
sey, Newcomb, Nicholson, Polsley, Price, Pruyn,
Kaum, ltobinson, .Roots, Sliellabarger, Aaron i'.
Stevens, Thaddcus Stevens, Stone, John Trimble,
Van Acrnam, ltobert T. Van Horn, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, John T. Wilson, VVmdoin, Wood, Wood-
bridge, and Woodward—00.
So the motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended ; and
the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (If. 11. No. 11549) to increase
the revenue from duties on imports and tend-
ing to equalize exports and imports.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all general debate on the bill is closed in two
hours.
The pending paragraph of the bill was as
follows :
That from and aftor the passage of this act, ill lieu
of the duties heretofore imposed by law on the arti-
cles hereinafter mentioned, there siiall be levied,
collected, and paid on the artiolcslieicin enumerated
and provided for, imported trom loreign countries,
the following specified duties and rates of duty, that
is to say; oil all copper imported in the lorm of ores,
thiee cents on each pound of tine copper contained
therein; on all regains ot copper, and on ail black or
coarse copper, four cents on each pound of line cop-
per contained therein ; on all old copper, lit only tor
remanufacture, tour cents per pound; on all copper
in plates, bars, ingots, pics, and m other lorms not
manufactured or herein enumerated, live cents per
pound.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Mr. Chairman, I am
not at all surprised at the vole that has just
been taken, nor will I be surprised at any
motions that may be made to delay action on
this bill. I congratulate the country and the
House upon the iact that we have now reached
this bill, and that the Representatives of the
people will now have a chance to express their
views upon this subject.
I do not intend to make a speech ; I do not
want any speaking. Jtis now so late in the
session that the time for action has arrived;
and I want voting and not speaking. But I
deem it proper to spend a few minutes in call-
ing the attention of the House to the history
of the action ot' the Thirty-Ninth Congress
upon the tariff question. These facts are
somewhat important, and I invite the attention
of the House to them ; and particularly 1 urge
upon gentlemen here who are in favor ot the
tariff to examine those facts. During the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, at every time and at
every step when wo had action on this subject,
we had a large majority; just about as large a
majority as we have on the vote to-day. lime
after time, again and again, the yeas and nays
were called, and votes were had, and on each
occasion we had a large majority. But by
superior financiering of some kind, we were
intercepted at every step, and finally failed to
get a tariff bill passed into a law.
1 will proceed very briefly to give the history
of the tariff bill of the last Congress, House bill
No. 718. On the 25th of June, near the term-
ination of the long session, the Committee of
Ways and Means reported that bill to the House.
It was passed through the House and seut to
the Senate. The Senate postponed the bill
until the commencement, of the next session,
until the December following. And I believe
they postponed it mainly ai. the suggestion of
the gentleman who occupies the position of
Special Commissioner of internal Revenue.
Mr. ALLISON. I should like to know the
gentleman's reason for the statement he has
just made, that the Senate postponed the tariff
bill at the instance of the Special Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. I never heard of
it before.
Mr. MOORHEAD. If the gentleman will
only be cool and keep his seat, I will endeavor
to give bim all the light I have on the subject;
and which, perhaps, may be all he will want
to know.
The gentleman to whom I referred, who has
the title of Special Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, represented to the Senate that the
bill of the Committee of Ways and Means,
which was a small, delicate, genteel bill, as
the House may see by examining the files of
the last Congress, merely amending the tariff-
he represented that that was not a perfect bill;
that we wanted an entirely new tariff bill, one
that should contain every article upon which
any tariff duty was imposed. The Senate sup-
posed there was something in that, and agreed
to postpone the bill, with the understanding
that lie would prepare the details, the outlines,
the groundwork of an entire tariff bill, and
have it ready for them at the commencement
of the next session.
At the commencement of the next session
here was his bill, containing three times as
much as the bill which passed the House,
which was merely a bill amendatory of the
tariff. In his bill there were included hun-
dreds of articles upon which the tariff was hot
changed at all, neither enlarged nor reduced.
They were put in merely as a make-weight.,
as I believe, put in merely to kill the bill, to
prevent its passage during that Congress. And
it had that result most effectually. I have fre-
quently told that gentleman thathehad drugged
that bill to death.
There wer  hundreds, perhaps thousands of
drugs named in that bill; and every drug was
named and carried out with its rate of duty,
either ad valorem, or specific. The rates in
more than two thirds of the cases were not
changed, yet they were all inserted, and had to
be gone over and considered. The result was
that so much time was occupied in the Senate
that, Congress meeting early in December, the
bill was not reported to the Senate until Jan-
uary, 11, 18G7. It was then ordered to be
printed. That bill afterward came to the
House.
But before leaving this point, as my sensi-
tive friend, the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Allison,] seemed a little anxious about the
Special Commissioner of Internal Revenue, to
whom I unfortunately referred in this connec-
tion, I deem it proper to say to the House and
to the country that if it is necessary or import-
ant that this Government should keep an offi-
cer in its service at a large salary for the pur-
pose of guarding the interests of the foreign
manufacturer, the foreign importer, the foreign
agent in New York, then the Secretary of the
Treasury has been signally fortunate in tho
selection he has made, and Mr. Wells is the
proper man for the place. 1 want to put that
on the record before leaving this point.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. MOORHEAD. I cannot yield to the
gentleman. There are two hours allowed for
general debate, and he will have a portion of
that time.
This bill came from the Senate to the House.
Vi e had to take it up—how? Not as in the
form of amendments to our bill. It was an
amendment, it is true ; but it was a single
amendment, because the Senate struck out all
after the enacting clause and inserted a now
bill. 1 am not a parliamentarian nor a tacti-
cian. 1 have been in this House a consider-
able time; but I have not yet learned all the
rules, and I do not expect that I ever slial'.
Bat under the niling made by our very tibi-;
Speaker, (and I do not doubt its correctness,}
when that bill came in hero it required a two-
thirds vote to lake it up. The bill had passed
this House ami gone to the Senate. The Sen-
ate had adopted the plan of Mr. Wells, making
