1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4009
an immense bill. They had passed upon every-
thing embraced in our bill and a thousand
things beside. Yet, although as to nearly all
the articles embraced in the original bill both
Houses agreed upon the same rates we were
not able to enact the bill into a law, because
we could not get the Senate amendments con-
sidered here without a two-thirds vote.
This is a fact in the history of this measure.
It is new, perhaps, to some gentlemen who
were not here at that time. It is not new to
the old members; it is not new to you, Mr.
Chairman ; it is not new to the Speaker of this
House ; for we tried every method to get the
bill up. Mr. Morrill, of Vermont, who was
then chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, implored the House on different occa-
sions to take up the bill, and made various
motions with that object. By reference to
page 1658 of the Congressional Globe for the
second session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress it
will be found that on the 28th of February,
18G7, after the Committee of Ways and Means
had reported the bill back to the House, a
motion was made to suspend the rules, on
which the yeas were 106, the nays 64. We
could not obtain quite the necessary two thirds,
and hence the bill could not be taken up. On
the same day we made another effort, and on
a similar motion the yeas were 102, the nays
69 ; there being all the time, as will be seen,
a large majority in favor of considering the
bill.
I have thus referred to the history of this
measure for the sake of calling the attention
of the tariff men here to the facts of the case.
I do not want them to allow themselves to be
hoodwinked in that way again. We have got
this bill now in such a position that a majority
can put it through, and I ask the tariff men of
the House to put it through. 1 do not want to
make a spceclt; but I have here some statistics
which show the importance of passing this bill.
They exhibit the immense drain of gold which
has been going on from this county, showing
that something must be done to stop this drain
unless we wish to go into bankruptcy, and
demonstrating that this bill is a step in the
right direction. I ask the Clerk to read the
statistics which I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
" The droin of gold and the tariff.—The published
statements of our imports and exports for the eleven
months ending May 31,186S, show of imports 8-23,-
211,447 against about two hundred and fifty-eight
million lor 18G7, and about two hundred and eighty-
three million for 1866. Oar receipts of revenue on
these imports ure$l02,503,819,againstaboutoiic hun-
dred and twelve millions for the sirae period in 1867
and ^123.000,000 in 1866. Of these imports, *5 (3,000.000
in gold values were dry goods. Our exports, exclu-
sive of specie, for the same period were S-16'l,219,520,
as against about one hundred and sixty-live million
for the same period in 1866-67, and $205,1100,000 in 1865-
65. The balance of trade against us was paid for by
an export of gold amounting to $41,979,398, in the
eleven months ending with May, 1866; 834,642,660 m
the same period ending with May, 1867, and the enor-
mous sum of ?64,486,258 lor the like period ending
with May, 1868, nearly twenty millions more than
our export of gold ha« ever reached before in the
same period. Mr. J. Ross Browne, in his report of
our production of the precious metals, estimated our
total annual product of both gold and silver at $75,-
000,000. Taking into account the amount of specie
leaving directly for Europe from ,San Francisco it is
evident we are draining every dollar of gold we are
producing to pay for these imports.
The balanceof trade against this country has been
1861, both inclusive, our importations were $176,928,-
616 in excess ot our exports, and the excess ot our
coin export over import was §421,551,794, making a
balance ot rrade amounting to SI,002,195,331 against
us for eighteen years, with a loss ot com amounting
to S711,517,tob7, or an amount equal to the whole gold
and silver product of the country for that period.
The consumption of foreign goods in 1S66 was equal
to $12 22 per capita for a population of thirty-five
millions, and all ol our lactones were stopping for a
lack of support. Inl867 this consumption amounted
to 811 15 per capita, whereas it was only $11 81 per
capita m the crash of 1857, and averaged but s3 44
under the tariff of 1812,
••There is no other country on the face of the eaith,
not e\ en excepting opulent Great lln tain, that could
have endured sucn adrain oil its sold and such a tax
on it- industry as is shown by the above figures to ha ve
IjceiiMii-lanted through a term ot years b> t his. 1 ho
l'act lliat we have sustained it and It.eonly proves
the extent and variety "i oui jesources ,uid our ex-
ceeding vitality. To remedy our losses and build up
that prosperity we so much need, there is no other
instrumentality than the one now presented. It must
either be improved, and at once, or the losses must
continue, and prosperity be remitted for another
doubtful term. To prevent this, and to garner what
is so essential for the country and for all its parts,
wo trust that Congress will not adjourn before the
opportunity afforded by partisan zeal has been wisely
and effectually improved."
Mr. MOORHEAD. Mr. Chairman, the facts
set forth in the statistics just read by the Clerk
ought to be carefully examined and pondered
upon ; and they should satisfy any man, or any
set of men, that unless we can stop this drain
of gold to foreign countries we must go into
bankruptcy. I know of but one way to stop
that, and that is through the tariff. I have
been the advocate of a tariff for many years.
I have been denounced frequently for my advo-
cacy of the principle of protection to our home
industries. Some of the free-trade papers have
gone so far as to say '' Moorhead has tariff on
the brain." Well, Mr. Chairman, I have, and
I will continue to have it upon the brain until
I can induce the whole country to stand up in
favor of the development of our great national
resources, and until we lift the country out of
the mire into which it has been thrown by free-
trade doctrines.
Now, sir, I want to read a little myself. I
will read a short paragraph which appeared in
a New York paper, for which I am indebted
to the able report of my colleague [Mr. Mor-
rell] on the warehousing system ; and I should
like very much to have the House listen to it.
I do not expect I can get the House to give
me its attention for any great length of time;
and therefore I shall be brief.
Now listen to what this New York paper
says :
"One of the immediate effects of a higrh tariff is to
keep up the price of labor, winch is more than tour
times as high in this country as it will average in
Europe. Iam for unqualified free trade. I would
sell out the custom-houses, discharge the leeches
that swarm around them, and allow people to sell
and buy products and goods wherever they found it
for their interest to do so. This will bring us to a
true and normal condition. I see clearly what the
effect would be. Commercial disturbance would be
the natural result, foritwould beagreatand radical
change. We should boon an entirely new founda-
tion. The first effect would betostopnianufacturing
here, and the country would be filled with foreign
goods, many of which Europe would never see her
money for. A commercial revulsion would follow,
laborers would be out of employment, and the price
of labor would come down, down, down, until it
touched the European standard."
Shall I read the last words? "And then
success is secured." Think ofthat, Mr. Chair-
man ! After you bankrupt the country, get
labor down, down, down, until it touches the
European standard, and then success is se-
cured! Why, sir, it puts me in mind of a story
I heard when I was a boy: a simple-minded
woman was raising a child of her own, and
some wag, not contemplating the result of his
advice, asked her why she (lid not teach her
child to live without eating. She went to
work to practice the advice. She kept her
child without eating on and off, trying to teach
it to do entirely without eating for weeks, and
at last the child died. The woman lamented
the death of the child, for, said she, ''How sad
it was I lost the child just as I had taught it
to do without eating." [Laughter.]
Now, here is the free trade doctrine, they
endeavor to teach us to do without a tariff, and
just as we get well enough learned, so that, ac-
cording to this writer, success is attained, we
are literally dead to all prosperity. j
But I did not intend to say half as much as i
I have on this subject. I only wanted a few j
minutes to appeal to members of the House, ]
and then let the discussion go on, hoping that j
when it is ended we shall get at a speedy vote. '
I have shown members of the House that clnr- '
ing the last Congress when we had a majority j
we did not succeed in getting a tariff bill 1
through. Now, I appeal to members not to
succumb to that same kind of influence that !
defeated us before. T expect there will bo all i
sorts of amendments offered. \ou will find '
one uenlieiiiati who thinks he will strike a i
hobby by moving to take the duty off tea and
coffee. He will get up and appeal to you about
the poor people who pay the duty on these
articles. You will find a great many other
amendments of various sorts offered. But I
ask my tariff friends to scrutinize these amend-
ments, and when you find them coming from
an enemy of the bill vote them down. This
bill is by no means perfect; it is far from what
I would have had it. The sub-committee to
which this Subject was referred some months
ago when the tax bill was in the way, could
not do anything about it until that was dis-
posed of. That is the only apology I can make
for bringing this in so late. We reported to
the Committee of Ways and Means a pretty
good bill, about the size of the one reported
by the entire committee last year. The com-
mittee postponed that bill till December next,
but from the pressing necessity for action upon
the subjects of copper, lumber, and some other
articles, the sub-committee were authorized to
prepare a small bili which we have reported,
and which is now before the Committee of the
Whole. It consists of only ten pages, and it
can be passed in half an hour. I ask the
friends of the tariff to stand by it, and vote
down amendments unless they are recom-
mended by the committee. That is asking a
good deal, I know, but the bill which was post-
poned till December next I trust will be taken
up when all the various other subjects will be
acted upon. But I will not spend any more
time. I yield to my colleague on the com-
mittee [Mr. Griswold] for two minutes.
Mr. G-RISWOLD. I did not wish the gen-
tleman to yield to me for the purpose of dis-
cussing this bill, but merely to express for his
special benefit, as well as that of the House,
my regret that he should have felt called upon
to invite attention to the fact that the Special
Commissioner of Internal lievenue, Mr. Wells,
was, in his judgment, inimical to the tariff
question. I feel bound, for one, to raise a
demurrer to that interpretation of the acts and
sentiments of that gentleman. Itis unlike my
colleague on the committee thus to character-
ize the motives and opinions of a man hold-
ing such a position. 1 am bound to say, from
the intimate knowledge I have derived from
association with the Commissioner, I feel
entirely certain that while we may differ with
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and upon
some points possibly with me, he is not opposed
to a tariff, but that on the other hand he is as
much in favor of a proper tariff as either the
gentleman from Pennsylvania or myself. I
have felt that 1 could not resist the sense of
duty which impelled me to express these sen-
timents in regard to that gentleman.
Mr. MOORHEAD. In reply to my worthy
and esteemed colleague, I must say that I feel
justified in what I have said about that gentle-
man. Itis the result of long examination and
investigation, and I am as perfectly satisfied
of what I say as ever I was of anything in the
world. 1 said it knowing what 1 was saying,
and 1 am ready here and anywhere to take the
responsibility of it.
Mr. CCJLLOM. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania whether the majority
of the Committee of Ways and Means author-
ized him to report this bill.
Mr. MOOliHEAD. If I should answer the
gentleman exactly as he deserved, I might say
that his question was not a proper one. But I
have already stated that I was authorized by
the committee to report it, and so it appears
on the record, and no member of the committee
will say I was not authorized to report it.
Mr. CULLOM. The gentleman seems to
] intimate that I put an impertinent question.
I do not see it in that light. It seems to me
this House has a right to know whether the
bill that is now before the committee was the
result of the action of the majority of the Com-
i mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. MAYNA.RD. If the gentleman will
! allow me, I suppose he means to inquire
whether this bill was reported by a majority of
