1868.]
APPENDIX -TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
461
40th Cong,...2d Sess.
Indian Affairs—Mr. Burleigh.
Ho. of Beps.
American enterprise first led our people
around Cape Horn to the golden shores of
California. They soon made up their minds
that a shorter route must be found, and they
crossed the Isthmus of Darien ; but twenty
days' time was of too much value to be lost and
they demanded a railroad from the Atlantic to
the Pacific.^
To-day, sir, there are seventy-five thousand
Indians roaming over the plains of the West
between the Missouri river and the Rocky
mountains in search of food and clothing.
These are the Indians with whom our frontier
settlers and miners have come in contact. It
is through the country which they occupy, and
which their ancestors occupied from time
immemorialit is through these plains, over
these mountains that your two great railroads
to the Pacific are now being so rapidly con-
structed. Thoroughfares of greatest national
importance, the creations of American enter-
prise, surpassing in permanancy of character
and rapidity of construction anything which
the world has heretofore witnessed; and when
completed, will have cost the Government more
than one hundred million dollars, and will be
very cheap at that. It is over this country that
all of the mighty commerce of the plains is
carried on; it is through this country that
tens of thousands of our citizens are daily pass-
ing and repassing to and from the mountains,
the mountain cities, and the Pacific. But one
year ago where now stands the beautiful city
of Cheyenne there were encamped several
thousand hostile Indians. Not a white man
had a shelter there. To-day that "magic city"
can boast of an intelligent, enterprising popu-
lation of more than six thousand souls, with its
schools, churches, hospitals, three daily papers,
to say nothing of its weekly, commercial, agri-
cultural, and religious publications. What is
true of Cheyenne to-day will in a few short
months be equally true of a dozen other cities
between that point and Salt Lake.
Now, sir, this commission, composed as it
is of upright, faithful men, having no other
desire than to meet and settle this question,
found the strong columns of western emigra-
tion forcing their way into the heart of the
Indian country. The Indians resisted their
advance, hence the conflict which followed.
The commissioners became satisfied that it was
impossible to secure a permanent, lasting peace
with these people so long as they remained in
contact with our own, each contending for the
occupation of the country. The white man's
foot had trodden the soil, his strong hand had
already grasped the prize, and he would not
relax his hold. This was the condition of things
when they first visited these tribes and com-
menced their work of pacification. Having
surveyed the field thoroughly and satisfied
themselves of the true condition of things, the
commissioners could discover no other practi-
cal plan for a final settlement of our Indian
troubles but to remove them from the line of
these roads and the mining districts of the
country, and locate them upon reservations
remote from these points, where they are to
remain by themselves unmolested by our peo-
ple. They next proceeded to negotiate trea-
ties with all of these tribes, by the terms of
which the Indians agree to abandon the whole
middle belt of the country, cease their warfare
upon our people, and go and remain upon the
reservations which the Government should set
apart for them, and there adopt the habits of
civilized life. These treaties also provide that
the United States shall aid the Indians by
feeding and clothing them, provide them with
cattle and agricultural implements, ami give
them such assistance aa they need while in
the transition state from savage to civilized
life.
Mr. Speaker, a great deal has been said for
and against the operations of this peace com-
mission; but I tell you, sir, that from my knowl-
edge of these Indians, and a pretty thorough
acquaintance with the plan adopted and carried
out by the commissioners, that it is, in my
judgment, the only one that promises a full and
final adjustment of these difficulties. We have
but the alternative to sustain their labors, aban-
don the country, or wage and prosecute a war
of extermination against these people. This
latter course cannot for a moment be thought
of. The wrath of Divine justice would be
poured out upon us as a nation if we determ-
ined upon an act so wicked. The civiliza-
tion of the age would not tolerate it, whilethe
sensibilities of the Christian world would
revolt at such a thought.
But, aside from the moral question, it would
bankrupt the national Treasury to maintain
iraon the plains and in the mountains of the
West a hundred regiments of mounted men
for the space of five years. I am confident
that the work of extermination, or even the
subjugation of these tribes by military force
would require a much larger force and greater
length of time than I have named. I am not
unmindful of the fact that the adoption of the
plan which has been inaugurated by the peace
commission will largely increase the appropri-
ations needed for our Indian service. Some
may regard it as extravagant; but so far from
this, so far from squandering the public moneys,
I am confident that if it is carried out promptly
and in good faith by the Government, it will
be found one of the wisest and most economi-
cal measures which has received the consider-
tion of this Congress. That the early appro-
priation of $2,000,000 to enable the peace
commission to go forward and complete the
great work which they have so successfully
begun, will save to the national Treasury
$20,000,000 a year, I have no more doubt
than I have of my own existence, to say noth-
ing of the suffering that will be prevented and
the hundreds of human lives that will be saved
to society and friends.
It is for the protection of life and property
in the West against the hostility of these In-
dians, and for no other purpose, that we are to-
day maintaining in that part of the country an
army of about sixteen thousand men, at a
yearly cost of $24,000,000.
If these Indians were removed and located
in other parts, as the commissioners recom-
mend, you can then without danger disband
this army and save these millions to the Treas-
ury. I do not wish to be understood as finding
fault with either the character or management
of our military authorities either here or in
the West. I believe they discharge their duties
with the utmost ability and fidelity. I know
General Augur, whocommands thedepartment
of the Platte, which embraces a very large tract
of Indian country. I know him well, and I do
not believe that a purer patriot, a braver sol-
dier, a more honest, upright man can be found
in either public or private life.
As for General Terry, who commands the
department of Dakota, where I reside, I will
only say that he needs no applause or com-
mendation from me. The transactions of his
whole past life, both civil and military, have
made for him a history of which any citizen or
soldier might well feel proud. I might go on
and pay a merited tribute to the patriotism and
fidelity of many other officers in that country,
but this is not the object of my remarks. What
I desire is to let this House and the country
understand that I object to continuing the mis-
erable line of policy which the Government has
heretofore pursued in its abortive efforts at
settling our Indian difficulties—a line of policy
which has been persisted in year after year
without having accomplished a single useful,
practical, desirable result.
Perhaps it m ay be thought by some gentle-
men here that 1 have overstated the number
of troops and the cost of keeping up our fron-
tier military establishment in the Indian coun-
try. To such I will say thatl am far below the
actual mark. I have in my remarks confined
myself to the military posts in the vicinity of
the two Pacific railroads.
The response! of the Secretary of War to a
resolution of the House, of recent date, shows
the force now actually employed along the line
of these two roads east or Salt Lake to be—
Companies         181
Commissioned officers  607
Enlisted men ..  15,070
Total   15,858
The cost to the Government of maintaining
this force in that remote country will not fall
one dollar short of $24,000,000 a year.
Now, sir, this Indian question is the one
which this Congress is called upon to inset and
settle at this time. It must be met and settled
now, or we shall have another Indian war be-
fore the close of this year—a war which will
involve the whole extent of our frontiers from
the British lines to the Gulf of Mexico, more
savage in its character, more disastrous in its
consequences, more costly in its prosecution,
than any which has ever preceded it. -They
will take possession of your great overland
lines of travel, tear up and destroy your Pacific
railroads, drive in the frontier settlements, and
entail upon the Federal Government an ex-
pense which can hardly be estimated. In fact,
sir, I should not be surprised at any moment
to hear that the conflict had begun. These
treaties, which were concluded many months
ago, are not yet ratified by the Senate. The
means have not been placed at the disposal of
the commission to enable them to redeem their
pledges made to this people.
Less than eight weeks ago General Augur
stated to me that if the treaties which the
peace commissioners had concluded with the
Indians of the Platte were not promptly ful-
filled on the part of the Government we should
again become involved in war with those tribes,
and that he could not protect the line of the
Union Pacific road alone with forty thousand
troops.
General Sherman has written these things
time and again. He has laid before the Gov-
ernment his views upon this subject,whieh are
the result of close personal observation, and
warned you, gentlemen, of the coming storm
unless these Indians are removed and our
treaties with them are earried out in good faith.
If after having made these solemn treaties,
and waited month after month for their fulfill-
ment, suffering as they now are, these Indians
again make war upon the inhabitants of the
West, the guilt will attach to you who hold the
purse-strings of the nation, and not to this
commission, who have done their duty so well,
nor to the Indians, who have trusted to the
promises of your delegated agents, every one
of which was made in good faith, but failed on
your account. Our people have taken forcible
possession of their country. We have driven
off their game and reduced them to the very
verge of starvation; yet, sir, by way of recom-
pense, we have done nothing to teach them the
arts of civilization.
As a people we have trodden them under our
feet: we have robbed them of their birthright;
and I say to you here that if this Congress
adjourns without making an appropriation large
enough to enable the peace commissioners to
redeem the pledges which they have made these
Indians, and by whieh our Government is in
honor bound, these tribes will be forced to
either rob and plunder our people or starve
like dogs. The cravings for food when starva-
tion stares its victim in the face have proven
too strong for the moral sensibilities of civilized
man, to say nothing of the savage. Already
this commission has saved $10,000,000 to the
Treasury, as will be seen by examining Gen-
eral Grant's estimate- for the support of the
Army for the present fiscal year. Its mem-
bers have visited these hostile tribes in person.
They have assured them that if they would
