2986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
who calls regularly, keeping; an'aceomit of the
expiration of their policies and the issuing of
new ones. The agent attends to the business
at the agencies of tlxe different insurance com-
panies in that city. No way suggests itself to
my mind by which the amount received in indi-
vidual cases can be traced or arrived at. If
there is any answer to this, to show how the
Government is to obtain a revenue from this
source, I would be pleased to hear it; I will
not press my amendment, but will withdraw it.
No further amendment was offered.
The next paragraph was read as follows :
foreign insurance agents shall each pay fifty dol-
lars. Every person who shall act as agent to nego-
tiate or procure insurance for any foreign fire,
marine, life, mutual, or other insurance company or
companies, shall be regarded as a foreign insurance
agent.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I move to amend
this paragraph by striking out "fifty dollars"
and inserting " $100."
The amendment was agreed to.
No farther amendment was offered.
The next paragraph was read as follsws :
Auctioneers, whose annual sales do not exceed
§10,000, shall eaeh pay ten dollars: and if exceeding
$10,000 and not exceeding $25,000, shall each pay
twenty dollars; and if exceeding 825,000, shall each
pay fifty dollars, and two dollars, in addition, for
every $>1,000 in excess of $25,000. Every personshall
be deemed-an auctioneer whose business it is to offer
property at public sale to the highest or best bidder:
Provided, That the provisions of this paragraph shall
not apply to judicial or executive officers making
auction sales by virtue of any judgment ordecree of
any court, nor public sales made by or for executors,
administrators, or guardians of any estate held by
tbem as sucb.
Mr. STEWART. T move to strike out the
proviso of this paragraph, for the purpose of
inquiring of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means [Mr. Schenck] the object
of inserting this provision here ? So far as the
city of New York is concerned, where such
sales are made, they are usually made by auc-
tioneers who charge the purchaser a certain
percentage upon the amount of sales. I do
not know how it is in other parts of the country.
Mr. HIGBY. Sales on execution ?
Mr. STEWART. Yes ; and I think that is
so generally throughout tbe State. However,
I will not press my amendment, but withdraw it.
No further amendment was offered.
The next paragraph was read, as follows:
■ Real estate agents, whose annual receipts from
fees and commissions do not exceed $2,000 shall each
pay ten dollars, and if exceeding S2.000, shall pay in
addition five dollars for every $1,000 in excess of
$2,000. Every person whose business it is, for others,
to sell or offer for sale real estate, or to rent houses,
stores, or other buildings or real estate, or to collect
rent, except lawyers paying a special tax as such,
shall be regarded as a real estate agent.
Mr. BENTON. I move to amend this para-
graph by striking out "five dollars'' and
inserting "ten dollars," so that that portion
will read, "shall pay in addition ten dollars
for every $1,000 in excess of $2,000." I think
that is a very reasonable tax. When a person
makes sales and receives fees aind commis-
sions to the amount of $2,000, lie can better
afford to pay ten dollars for every $1,000 over
$2,000 than he could to pay five dollars upon
the first $1,000. It seems to me that the rate
of tax should be. increased as the "business
increases. I think this is so plain that it
requires no argument,
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman proposes
to make the tax one per cent. The commit-
tee proposed to make it one half of one per
cent.
Mr. BENTON. A man who can make four
or five thousand dollars in this business can
well afford to pay one per cent.
The question was then taken upon the amead-
ment of Mr. Bexton\; and upon a division there
were—ayes twelve, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MILLER. I move to amend "the para^
graph by inserting after the words " whose
annual receipts from fees and commissions,"
the words " exceed $300 and so that it will
read, " whose annual receipts from fees and
commissions exceed $300 and do not exceed
$2,000." It seoms to me that therecan be no
objection to this amendment. One whose busi-
ness does not amount to $300 is hardly worth
taxing.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BARNES. I move to amend the first
sentence of this paragraph by striking out the
words "whose annual receipts from fees and
commissions do not exceed $2,000 shall each
pay ten dollars, and if exceeding $2,000, shall
pay in addition five dollars for every $1,000 in
excess of $2,000," and insertingin lieu thereof
the words, "shall each pay $100;" so that it
will read "real estate agents shall each pay
$100." And I submit the same suggestions
which I offered in regard to insurance agents.
There is no kuown way, so far as I can under-
stand, by which any amount of revenue can be
derived from this class of individuals.
The business done by them is very large, es-
pecially in cities ; and if they could be reached
a considerable amount of revenue might be
derived from them. But it is well known that
there is no practicable way by which one dollar
in a hundred which that class of individuals
receive can ever be taxed. I think this para-
graph should be amended so as to afford a
reasonable amount of revenue or else be
stricken out entirely.
Mr. PILE. A real-estate agent in the city
of St. Louis, where I live, has his regular office
and makes his returns regularly. 1 think the
tax should be graded upon them in proportion
to what they make, as it is in the case of other
classes of business men, agents, and dealers.
I hope the amendment will not be adopted.
The amendment of Mr. Barnes was not
agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The next paragraph was read, as follows:
Produce brokers shall each pay ten dollars. Every
person other than one having paid the special tux a-s
a commercial broker, or cattle broker, or wholesale
or retail dealer, or peddler, whose business it is, tor
others, to negotiate sales or purchase oi agricultural
or farm products exclusively, shall be regarded as a
produce broker,
No amendment was offered.
The next paragraph was read, as follows:
Pawnbrokers, us'mg or employing in their business
a capital not exceeding $50,000, shall each pay $100,
and if exceeding $50,000, shall pay, in addition, four
dollars for every $1,000 so used in excessot $50,000.
Every person whose business or occupation it is to
take or receive, by way of pledge or pawn, any goods,
wares, or merchandise, or any kind of personal prop-
erty. as security for the repayment ot money, shall
be deemed a pawnbroker.
No amendment was offered.
The next paragraph was read, as follows:
Claim agents and patent agents shall each pay
twenty-five dollars. Every person whose business
it is to prosecute claims in any of tbe Executive
Departments of the Government, or to solicit or pro-
cure patents, shall be deemed a claim agent or a
patent agent, as the case may be.
Mr. ELA. I move to amend by striking out
the first sentence of the paragraph just read,
and inserting in lieu thereof the following :
Claim agents and patent agents whose annual re-
ceipts from fees do not exceed $1,000, shall pay ten
dollars: if exceeding$l,000 andnot exceeding $2,000,
twenty dollars; if exceeding $2,000, thirty dollars.
Mr. Chairman, there are some sections of
the country where there is not enough busi-
ness done by claim agents to warrant the pay-
ment of a tax of twenty-five dollars, yet where
it will be a great inconvenience if those requir-
ing the services of this class of agents are re-
quired to go as far as they will be compelled
to go if there be no smaller rates of tax than
twenty-five dollars. I hope the amendment
will be adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know that there
is any objection to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next paragraph was read, as follows :
Patent-right dealers shall each pay ten dollars.
Every person whoso business it is to sell or oiler for
sale patent-rights, shall be regarded as a patent-right
dealer.
No amendment was offered.
The next paragraph was read, as follows :
Intelligence-office keepers shall each pay ten^dol-
lars. Bvery person whose business it is to find or
furnish pl'aees of employment for others, or t© find or
furnish servants, shall be regarded as an intelligence-
office keeper.
No amendment was offered.
The next paragraph, was read, as follows:
Express carriers shall each pay ten-dollars. Every
person engaged in the carrying ordelivery of money,
valuable papers, or any articles for pay, or doing an
express business, whose gross receipts thereirom
exceed the sum ef $1,000 per annum, snail be regarded
as an express carrier: Provided, That such tax bhau
be imposed but onee upon any person in respect to
business done by such person on a continuous route,
and shall be required only from the principal m such
business; and draymen and teamsters owning only
on® dray or team shall be exempt from such tax.
No amendment was offered.
The next paragraph was read, as follows :
Peddlers, when traveling with more than two
horses or inules, shall be rated as of the first class,
and shall each pay fifty dollars: when traveling by
boat, or with two horses or inuUs, a? of the second
class, and shall eaeh pay thirty dollars; wlicn trav-
cling with one horse or mule, as of the third class,
and shall eaeh pay fifteen dollars: when traveling
on foot or by public conveyance, as of the lourtli
class, and shall eaeh pay ten dollais. Every person
■whose business it is to travel from place to place to
sell or offer for sale, at retail, goods, wares, or other
commodities, shall be regarded as a peddler: but
peddlers of the third and iourlh class, who sell only
charcoal, newspapers, books, magazines, theprouuets
of their own iarmsor gardens, fish, shell-fish, pies,
cakes, nuts, fruit, or conlectionary, shall be exempt
from a special tax. Any peddler who sells, or oilers
for sale jewelry, or dry goods, either foreign or
domestic, in the original package, whether traveling
on loot or otherwise, shall be rated as oi the iirat
class, and shall pay fifty dollars. No peddler shall
sell, or offer for sale, any distilled spirits, fermented
liquors, or wines. A manufacturer or producer of
any article, except distilled spirits, who may by him-
self or his agent, and by his own conveyance, deliver
the same at places other than the place of manufac-
ture, shall not, by reason of such delivery only, be
regarded as a peddler.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by
striking out in the paragraph jusfc read the
sentence, "No peddler shall sell or offer for
sale any distilled spirits, fermented liquors, or
wines," and inserting in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing:
And any peddler who sells or offers for sale distilled
spirits, fermented liquors, or wines, shall pay, in
addition to the special tax of the elass in which he is
rated, the special tax of a wholesale or retaii liquor
dealer according to the amount of his sales.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move farther to amend
by striking out the word "only," the sixth
word from the end of the paragraph.
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment being ^offered, the
next paragraph was read, as follows:
Lottery managers shall each pay $3,009. Every
person who shall own or manage any lottery or pre-
pare any schemes for lotteries, or own, hire, or have
the control or enjoyment of any lottery grant, nan-
chise, or privilege, or make or devise, or issue to be
sold by others, any lottery tickets or fractional parts
thereof, or any token, certificate, or device, repre-
1 senting or intended to represent a lottery ticket or
any fractional part thereof, or any policy or com-
bination of numbers in any lottery, or the evidence
in any form of any chance or interest in the drawing
of any lottery, shall be regarded as a lottery man-
ager.
Mr. SCHENCK. I more to amend by
striking out in the second sentence of the par-
agraph just read the words "own or," and
also the word "own:'' so that it will read:
Every person who shall manage any lottery or pre-
pare any scheme for lotteries, or hire, or have the
control or enjoyment of any lottery grant, franchise,
or privilege, tec.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move further to amend
by inserting after the word " lottery," in lino
two hundred and twelve, the words, " or who
shall be a backer or guarantor for the payment
of bets or wagers won or amounts lost upoa
any scheme or policy of numbers or ou tbo
drawing of any number or numbers in any
lottery.''
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. BROOMALL. I move to further amend
;j by adding at the «nd of the paragraph the
} following:
i: PiovidtJ, Tkat nothing in tb;s act contained shall
bo so t-onstruod to authorize the estabHshiucut or
i! manugeiuentof any lottery or the sale of any iuttery
|; policies or tickets in any State where the same is
U prohibited >by the laws of s-uch State*
