4010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
the entire committee, or by a majority of a
quorum.
Mr. CULLOM. That is what I want to
know.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Moorhead,] 1 am sure,
did not so understand the gentleman. It may
Lie proper that I should say to the gentleman
that the bill has the concurrence of a majority
of the entire committee.
Mr._ CULLOM. I was about to say that it
very frequently occurs in committees that only
a quorum is present when bills are acted on,
and from some remarks that have been made
I was induced to believe that it was only a
majority of a quorum that ordered this bill to
be reported to the House and not a majority
of the committee.
Mr. O'NEILL. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Illinois if he is a member of
the Committee of Ways and Means?
Mr. CULLOM. No, sir.
Mr. O'NEILL. Then how is it that ho
knows all these points?
Mr. CULLOM. I have not stated that I
knew anything about it. 1 asked the .gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Moorhbah] the
question, because I wanted to know what the
fact was in reference to it.
Mr. O'NEILL, t presume my colleague
from Pennsylvania knew what he was doing
when he reported the bill, and knew what he
was authorized to do.
Mr. CULLOM. I have no doubt of that.
Mr. O'NEILL. I supposed that the gen-
tleman from Illinois was a member of the
Committee of Ways and Means, and felt out-
raged because he had not been consulted about
the bill.
Mr. CULLOM. The gentleman from Illi-
nois simply wanted to know whether a majority
of the whole committee were in favor of the
bill, and had ordered it to be reported to the
House.
Mr. O'NEILL. If my colleague answers in
the affirmative, will the gentleman from Illinois
vote for the bill?
Mr. CULLOM. No, sir; he will not. I
only wanted to know what the position of the
Committee of Ways and Means is in regard to
this bill.
Mr. MYERS. I hope the gentleman is
satisfied.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I yield now to the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. McCarthy. J
Mr. MCCARTHY. Being new in legislation
and not well conversant with the history of it,
I have had occasion to ask how long this office
of Special Revenue Commissioner has been in
existence, and 1 am told about three years.
Now, sir, it strikes me as a strange condition
of things that men who are sent here from dif-
ferent portions of the country, representing
different interests, many of them manfaetur-
ing interests, some of them free-trade inter-'
eats, must necessarily have placed over them
a Commissioner to regulate and direct their
organization of a tariff. I see no necessity of
an£ such officer. And so far as I know of the
actions of this gentleman, he starts from Wash-
ington, he goes through Baltimore, Philadel-
phia, and .New York, and lands in Liverpool
or London, being entirely in the interest and
under the control and advice of the commer-
cial interest of the country, and never going
about visiting the manufacturing interests and
arriving at a practical knowledge of the wants
of those interests. I understand that to be the
fact. We have a large interest in our section
of country, and, so far as I know, this gentle-
man has not the least idea or knowledge of its
wants. I think the remark of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Moorhkad] is cor-
rect, that while this gentleman may be an
advisory officer it is beyond his province or
duty or power to regulate and manage the
operations of a tariff bill as between one House
and the other.
Mr. GRLSWOLD. I would ask my colleague
if the information is true that the Commissioner
to whom he refers does undertake to regulate
tariff bills as between the House and the Seu-
ate?
Mr. MeCARTIlY. I understand that he
does regulate that matter when he takes into
his hands the entire formation of a tariff bill,
retaining it until so late a period in the ses-
sion as to defeat its passage. I understand
that to be this gentleman's power in relation
to the organization of the tariff; and more
than that, the feeling ofhside in the country is
that that gentleman is not a representative of
the manufacturing interest, but of the commer-
cial interest of the country ; that ho is ab-
sorbed soul and body by the free-trade interest.
Mr. MOOItHEAl). I now yield ten min-
utes to the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
mayxahd.]
_ Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, I do not
rise for the purpose of entering into a discus-
sion of the tariff either in the abstract or in its
details. As a member of the Committee of
Ways and Means I voted in favor of reporting
this bill, and 1 would have been very glad bad
it beeu more extended, embracing all those
articles which in the legislation of the last
Congress it was thought wise by the Senate
and House to include in the change of existing
law. The fluctuations of trade and the cease-
less triumphs of industry require a periodical
revision of our system of imposts. I will not
deny that in my votes upon this measure I am
actuated to some extent at least by local, not
to say sectional considerations. The part, of
the country which 1 have the honor with other
gentlemen to represent is in need of industrial
quite as much as of political reconstruction.
The war put a stop to our industries, blighted
our prosperity, and has placed us in a condi-
tion where wo must start out in the career of
business anew. The doctrines which prevailed
with us for a great many years were what are
called free trade, anti-tariif doctrines; and
they had a fair practical development. Among
the other teachings of our great war, not the
least important, perhaps, was the effect of this
so-called free trade upon the public welfare.
'The peculiar industry of that region tended to
foster that doctrine. Manufactures were not
fostered ; shipping was not fostered. There
were neither miners to penetrate the earth for
the ores, nor mariners with the daring spirit
of commerce to skim the sea for the produc-
tions of other lands. The agricultural prod-
ucts of the country were kept until enterprise
from abroad came for them, bringing in ex-
change whatever was wanted by the people.
A more injurious and pernicious system of
political economy I cannot conceive ; and we
have felt the effects of it. I say" we;" 1 mean
the population of that part of the country. We
felt the effects of this system when we found
ourselves as a. section involved in war. A cor-
don of bayonets on one side, and a rigoious
blockade on the other, hemmed us in from the
outside world, and we were driven to depend
upon our own resources.
We had been fighting the fishing bounties,
given originally as an encouragement to sea-
men in the hope of fostering a Navy, instead
of seeking to avail ourselves of those bounties.
The navigation laws had been assailed by us
from time immemorial, instead of availing our-
selves of their benefits and opening up our
three thousand miles of coast to a maritime
commerce that might have equaled the com-
merce of all the rest of the world. Our inlets,
our bays, and harbors were, therefore, wholly
unimproved and unoccupied except by foreign
sails. And when the war came upon us, and
we were hemmed in, we had neither ships nor
seamen. And. for the purpose of opening the
blockade and getting our supplies from abroad,
we were driven to the ship-yards of England,
Scotland, and France, and depended upon
the sailors of every nation under the sun.
T had occasion, during the last Congress, I
think it was, to recur to the article of salt,
which our part of the country might produce
in great abundance, sufficient to have supplied
the wants of the entire region. But the theory
had prevailed there that salt was one of the
necessaries of life, and therefore no burden
must be imposed upon it. I recollect one of our
prominent public men used to say, as an illus-
tration of the doctrine, that the poor man's cow
in the mountains of Tennessee consumed more
salt than the broker in Wall street, and to tax
salt, therefore, was an intolerable inequality of
burdens. What was the result of that theory?
The moment the war closed in upon us and
cut off' the outside supply the people were
absolutely famished for the want of that neces-
sary of life, and a barrel of salt passed in
exchange for the piano in the parlor.
There were abundant salt-springs had we
been in condition to work them. We had
salines lying below the surface, but it was too
late then to penetrate to them, to develop
them, and engage in salt manufacture. The
great salt deposits in Louisiana lay there wholly
unimproved, in fact hardly discovered, until
long after the war began. On the other hand,
sugar had been protected and its production
encouraged by our legislation. As a conse-
quence the South had no lack of sugar, and
until the supply was cut oil' by the occupation
of Louisiana it was cheaper and more abund-
ant than in the other parts of the country.
The South furnishes facilities beyond any
other part of the country for manufactures.
All the Alleghany region of country, com-
prising the western part of Virginia, eastern
Kentucky, eastern Tennessee, western North
Carolina, western South Carolina, northern
Georgia, and northern Alabama, abounds in
manufacturing facilities, its water-power, its
forests, the productiveness of its soil, its min-
eral wealth, and especially the abundance of
coal lying exposed at the surface. Nothing
that enters into industrial pursuits except
productive labor and capital to stimulate and
sustain it is wanting to make that region one
of the most wealthy and populous of America.
The tariff policy which has done so much for
cold, bleak, sterile, barren New England, which
has made Pennsylvania to flourish and blossom
as the rose, if applied to that region would
produce there the same beneficent results.
The change which has come over our coun-
try as the results of the war, as yet only par-
tially felt and observed, necessitates a change
in our industries, in our labor, in the general
economy and enterprise of our people. I be-
lieve that the policy known as the tariff policy,
as that term has been used in our political dia-
lect, will be our building up, our salvation. I
believe it will reward and dignify labor, and
make productive industry not only profitable
but respectable. It will infuse a new spirit
into our people and give an altered tone to
society, it is for this reason, representing my
immediate constituents, that I am at this time
in favor of the legislation proposed in this bill.
One of the interests, for example, embraced
in the bill is copper. It is designed to give
further protection to the domestic copper found
in great abundance in various parts ofthe coun-
try, not a little of it lying in my own congres-
sional district. There are there copper mines
already partially developed,producing annually
not less thau two millions of refined copper,
and giving employment to a great number of
people, and capable of being extended almost
indefinitely. The copper mines of Lake Su-
perior and of California are still more product-
ive, the domestic supply being fully equal to
the demand. Another interest protected by
the bill-is zinc. The increasing demand and
value of this metal, both in the metallic state
and as a pigment make it important to develop
the domestic mines. In southwestern Virginia
and in eastern Tennessee there are mines of
zinc very promising which are already begin-
ning to be developed, and the product of which
is already very large and likely soon to become
still greater. Then there are iron mines and
other mineral treasures lying there awaiting
development by the investment of capital and
other application of labor. If judiciously
