1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
463
40tii Coxa.... 2d Sess.
Reconstruction*—Mr, Covode.
Ho. ftp Beps.
do half their duty, can give all necessary pro-
tection to commerce, and two steamers of or-
dinaty size would make whatever patrol may
be required. Ii other ships should by any.
emergency be needed they may be summoned
by the Atlantic telegraph. The cable has ma-
terially changed the naval service on foreign
stations, and we ought to profit by the new state
of things.
But in addition to this large and prodigal
outlay for the European squadron it is of public
notoiiety that the expenses have been shame-
fully augmented by a costly favoritism, prac-
ticed wiih the knowledge, if not with the
privity, of the Secretary of the Navy and his
subordinates. The headquarters of the squad-
ron for Europe and Africa are at Lisbon, and
numerous officers who have returned home
bear witness to the fact that nearly all the
coals and other supplies, instead of being pur-
chased in open market and of regular dealers,
as heretofore has been the practiec, and, in-
deed, the duly prescribed to the paymasters,
arc now bought through a middle-man, who
is an unscrupulous speculator, a native of
Morocco, and a pet of the Department, at large
advances. It can be established by the most
positive proof that this adventurer, whota the
Department has taken up with a full knowl-
edge of his had antecedents, received within
the last two months four or five shillings a ton
above the market price for furnishing the ves-
sels of Admiral Farragut's squadron with coals.
Contracts were made with him here m Wash-
ington without any regard to the fluctuation
of prices abroad, so that while the very best
coals were selling in the Tagus at twenty-two
and twenty-three shillings per ton this favorite
was obtaining twenty-six and twenty-seven
shillings. These facts cannot be disputed, and
I challenge inquiry into the subject. Another
fact is worthy of mention in the same connec-
tion. The United States steamer Shamrock
recently required to be calked and repaired.
Instead of employing the regular workmen of
Lisbon, who are among the most famous in
the world for that particular branch of industry,
this speculator was given the job, who em-
ployed incompetent mechanics and slighted
the work, so that the ship had to put back and
incur the expense of being refitted. The lives
of the officers and crew and the safety of the
ship were thus risked to serve a selfish interest.
But what renders this case still more glaring,
outrageous, and offensive is the fact that this
man was nothing but an adventurer two years
ago, engaged in no respectable business, and
was the keeper of a notorious drinking saloon.
The Xavy Department took him up and made
him a favored contractor. lie was employed
by the late rebel agents to sell their coal to our
Government, and it can be proved beyond con-
troversy that a large supply of coals, procured
for the use of rebel cruisers and blockade-run-
ners to destroy American commerce, was act-
ually sold to our ships of war at a large advance
upon the market price through this interme-
diary. The Navy Department was informed
of this outrage by its own officers, and instead
of investigating and correcting the fraud it
encouraged the rascality. Let Mr. Welles deny
it if he dare. Let him ask inquiry if he be
honest. If the supplies for the European squad-
ron were purchased in open market there would
be twenty-five per cent, saved to the Govern-
ment: but there is a venal " ring'' established
on the otherside, corresponding to some here,
and my belief is that the spoils are divided be-
tween those who make these contracts in Wash-
ington and those who receive the favors m Lis-
bon. We want no such squadron iu Europe.
It is a barefaced waste of millions. Recall Hie
ships, arrange our finances, and when we are
able to pay our debts let these cruises be re-
sumed if they are needed. The same remarks
apply to all other squadrons. They are all
daughters of tire same horse-leech, and cry for
" More, more."
Enormous frauds have been systematically
perpetrated in the Indian Bureau by collusion
between the employes inside and the contract-
ors and plunderers outside, forming together
an organized " ring" to rob the poor Indians
of tbeir annuities and to steal the provision
generously made by the Government for their
support. We have endeavored to break up
this infamous combination by directing the
appropriations to be paid through the super-
vision of Lieutenant General Sherman. But
in order to introduce effective retrenchment
in this brancli of the public service we must
encourage friendly relations with the different
tribes, settle them permanently where they can.
support themselves by industry and receive the
benefits of civilization. Peace is cheaper than
war, even if there was no moral consideration
to induce the preference of one over the other.
We are now keeping up a force on the plains
equal to our whole Army before the rebellion,
and at a cost of nearly twenty-five million dol-
lars a year. Interested parties, contractors,
jobbers, and the host of plunderers who pi-ofit
by war are inciting the Indians to strife, and
there is great danger, unless the wise measures
of the peace commission are carried out, that
a wide-spread outbreak of the western tribes
may occur, which will add tens of millions to
the debt, and necessarily to the burdens of the
tax-payer.
The time has arrived when the regular Army
must be reduced to the peace footing, and the
multitude of unnecessary officers be lopped off.
They should bear their part of the load like
the rest of us, since as citizens they enjoy the
same benefits. Seven of the States that engaged
in the rebellion have been reconstructed, and
are now represented in Congress with all the
rights of other members of the Union. We have
stood by them through all the trying ordeal of
the last three years. We have sustained their
hopes, relieved their wants, contributed to
their necessities, and removed their political
disabilities when it could be done with safety.
The Army has been maintained until now, so
that these people should not be exposed to the
violence of unrepentant rebeis. Let us get
back to the ways of peace, and to the economy
of peace. Standing armies devour the sub-
stance of any country that attempts to support
them, and are besides a standing menace to
the liberties of the people. Let us get rid of
ours by a radical reduction, which will save
twenty or thirty millions a year.
It is known to every member of the House
that 1 have been most anxious to reduce in
every possible way the expenses of the Gov-
ernment, and by that means to diminish the
burdens of taxation. We have already cut
down the taxes iu many essential respects, aud
have prepared the way for a still further reduc-
tion. The corruptions which have grown into
such formidable proportions of late years are
among the most serious obstacles to an eco-
nomical and honest administration of the Gov-
ernment. It is not unknown to the country
that I have turned much attention to this sub-
ject. and have had occasion to expose the
profligacy of that party which now seeks to
regain power by these same bad agencies.
During the present session the committee of
which I have the honor to be chairman has
succeeded, with the support of Congress, in
arresting various projected frauds upon the
Treasury, by which hundreds of thousands of
dollars were saved. And we have brought to
light the outrageous manner in which contracts
have been habitually let to the highest bidder
instead of the lowest, because the contractor
paid more money to the immediate friend of
the head of the Department than the other
bidders. This venal practice was illustrated
in the case of the proposed jail for this city,
the fraudulent contract for which was recently
annulled by Congress upon my representation.
The unanimity by-which a bill has just passed
both Houses, vitiating a contract, made by the
Secretary of the Interior for a large supply of
stationery, because it was far higher than the
proposals of.other bidders, and which was
doubtlessprocured through the same influences
that prevailed in the Jail job—influences that
figured largely in the New York convention in
the double capacity of manager and candi-.
date—gives encouragement that Congress will
not tolerate in the future any of these corrupt
combinations, whether they be sustained by
high officers of the Government or engineered
by their favorite tools.
A sense of duty, as well as a principle of
retrencliment, compelled me from the outset
to oppose the proposition to increase the pay
of the employes in the public Departments
twenty per cent. They are now receiving more
than double the average price paid for the same
number of hours of service in other occupa-
tion, the cost of which falls upon my constit-
uents and others like them, who are more thaa
sufficiently burdened already. This is not the
appropriate time for raising salaries. Oh the
contrary we ought to lower them wherever it
be practicable, and I am quite ready to practice
what I profess by commencing with our own
pay. Let us prove our sincerity by divesting
it of every suspicion of selfishness.
The issues placed before the country by the
Chicago and New York conventions are not
essentially different from those between Lin-
coln and McClellan in 18G4. The two parties
joined issue on the question whether the attempt
to carry on the war for the preservation of the
Union had or had not been a failure; whether
it were '.vise to abandon it by electing McCleK
lan, or preserve it by electing Lincoln. The
masses of the people attached themselves to
the patriotic side by electing Mr. Lincoln,
which ended the contest in the field. The work
of reconstruction was then undertaken by Con-
gress, who soon found themselves confronted
by the appalling fact that the man on whom,
after the assassination of President Lincoln,
devolved the duty of carrying out the laws of
Congress, had allied himself 'with the party
which only the fall previously had sought to
terminate the contest by a separation or a sur-
render. And ever since the spring of 1865 the
Republican party has had to carry on its work
of reconstruction in the face of the most violent
and dangerous opposition from the President
of the United States, with whom the Demo-
cratic party was in entire sympathy. The vast
executive power of the nation was all against
us: the patronage of the Government, except
as it has been curbed by the laws of Congress
passed over presidential vetoes, has been ex-
ercised iu aid of our enemies: ali possible aid
and comfort have been given to the rebellious
element of the South in their resistance to the
congressional policy of reconstruction; tha
finances of the country have been kept from
settlement by discord between the several de-
partments of the Government, and by the per-
sistence of the Presidentin keeping bad officers
and oustinggood ones; the General of the Army
has been quarreled with, and a puipose has
been manifested to lend military assistance to
the attempt to establish the old rebel govern-
ments in the South; and, finally, in every pos-
sible way, and with too great a degree of suc-
cess, the party which tried to stop the war in
1864 has tried to stop the work of peace and
restoration from 1S63 to 18G8.
But they have signally failed, and the old
oligarchy that so long ruled the Democratic
party while it was in power has been routed in
its strongest fortresses, and now while on its
ruins have arisen free ballots, free education, a
free press and free speech, what object can any
patriot have to turn backward and regenerate
that social and political power that can breed
only disorder and war?
The approach of the election, however,
brings us again face to face with the oligarchy,
which seeks now not only to perpetuate the
discords of the last four years by continuing
