18 68.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
579
soup of these great constitutional questions—
it is contended by nearly every trentloman who
has spoken on the other <ide that this bill is
constitutional because the Constitution con-
fer* npoii <"\> v re-is the duty ot' sruarantying
pvrerntients republican in form to the States
of thi-- Union. And in that connection the
honorable and eloquent gentleman from Ohio
bursts into ecstacies of praise of the great
fathers and expounders of the Constitution.
He seems to felicitate himself upon the idea
that he alone is sustained in his positions by
these distmiruished patriots. I say to the gen-
tleman and to every other gentleman on this
tlo ir that I defy the production of one solitary
.-ointiila of authority, either in the books or
in the writing* of the patriots of this country,
for that proposition. Yes. I defy it.
And now I invite the attention of gentlemen
and I invoke their admiration for a few utter-
ances of the fathers on this question. Con-
- gress must guaranty governments republican in
form. What does tTint mean? Doe? it mean
that Congress may go into a State of this Union
—aye, a State never out of the Union and for-
bidden to go out—and undertake by its own
power to build up a system of State govern-
ments without their consent? Does it mean
that Congress may dictate the form of govern-
ment to any of the States of this Union ? Does
it mean, in any sense whatever, to take from the
people of this Union their sacred, God-given
right of local self-government ? Ah, gentle-
men, that is the question. It is a question
that affects the most Tital and indestructible
principles of human liberty. I
Ana now listen to the language of Mr. Mad- 1
ison. from the forty-third number of the Fed-
eralist. Referring to this provision in the Con-
stitution he says:
"It may pos-ibly be asked whether it may not
bwnif a pretext for alterations of the State govern -
■<nu without the concurrence of the States them'
Yes, Mr. Speaker, it has come to pass this
day. In times past, in the history of this party,
it has come to pass. The very danger which
he feared is realized by this country now.
" It may be answered tbat, if the General (Govern-
ment should interpose by virtue of this constitutional
authority, it would be, of course, bound to pursue the
authority."
Not to go beyond it, but to be limited by it,
to be controlled by it—not to attempt to add to
it, to make it subservient to temporary or par-
tisan ends.
"But the authority extends no further than to a
guarantee of a republican form of government which
•tip; - a vreVtvtting government of the form which
u to be the ffwtrmhed."
Yes. Mr. Speaker, and that is just what we
have in this country. In every one of these
States there existed a government republican
in form—so held by these same patriots—so
recognized throughout this Union and the
world. It is to this preexisting government,
this established government, resting upon the
consent of the governed, that this guarantee
extend.?—not one inch beyond it. To under-
take to extend it beyond it is simply a revolu-
tionary a'tempt on the part of Congress to
clothe itself with absolute authority.
Mr. BOUT WELL. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask him a question?
Mr. KERR. I fear that the hammer of the
Speaker will fall before I have concluded my
remarks, but I will yield to the gentleman for
a question.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The question which I
de^re to put to the gentleman is this : if there
be in either of these ten States a republican
government, which the United States under
the Constitution is bound to guaranty, I wish 1
the gentleman to say which government in a
particular State it is—whether the government
existing there prior to the rebellion or the
government created during the rebellion, or
tiie government established since the rebellion, I
or fitice flagrant war ceased?
Mr. KERR. My answer is easy. I recog- j
nizfl not one particle of validity in one single !
net of the rebellion. I hold that the govern- j
inent to be guarantied under this provision is
that one which antedates the rebellion. I hold
that this government was never destroyed, is
not destroyed this day, that it survives the
rebellion, and that its functions were simply
suspended during the war. That is my doc-
trine upon this point.
I hold, therefore, and I may as well advert
to the point here, that when the President found
these States in a condition of disorganization,
it was his right under the Constitution, as Com-
nianderin-Chief of the Army and Navy in this
country, to see to it that they had the necessary
facilities to enable them to make the transi-
tion from that condition of disorganization or
rebellion to a condition of subordination to the
Constitution of the Union. And this is all he
did ; this is all he attempted to do. This is
the only legitimate and constitutional aim that
the war could have had. It is the only power
that Congress possesses; and when we have '
exercised that power I say we have exhausted
the constitutional functions of this body. That
is my answer to the gentleman.
One word farther on this point. I hold in
my hand the opinion of another of the fathers
of this Republic and of the greatest expounders
of the Constitution. I refer to no less distin-
guished a man than Alexander Hamilton.
What does he say ? Referring to the right of
the people of the States by pacific and consti-
tutional modes to change their governments at :
pleasure, he says, in the twenty-first number
of the Federalist: 1
" This right would remain undiminished. The guar-
antee could only operate against changes to be effected
by violence."
Have you any right, then, under this grant
of power to go into those States and not only
tear down a preexisting form of government
republican in its character, so recognized by
our forefathers ever since its existence, and by
the exercise of this power set up a government
there that shall carry out your partisan schemes
and purposes? I deny it. Before God and the
Constitution I denounce such a doctrine as rev-
olutionary.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him one question?
Mr. KERR. I will hear the question.
Mr. DAAVES. The difficulty under which ,
my mind has labored (and I would like to hear
the gentleman's solution of it) is this: sup-
pose the State of Massachusetts or the State
of Indiana, or any other State of this Union,
should actually set up a government not repub-
lican in form—so clearly so that there would ,
be no dispute about the matter on the part of
thegentleman or of any one else in this House—
a government unquestionably not republican '
in form—a monarchy   1
Mr. KERR. Do not make an argument; :
ask a question. • • m
Mr. DAWES. Wh^is the process; what :
is the modus in which the United States, in the
language of the Constitution, can rectify that
evil? !'
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
has supposed a case not involved in this argu-
ment, which does not present itself in the cir-
cumstances of this country to-day. I say, how-
ever, that is an issue which never can arise,
and which under this guarantee in the Consti-
tution was never expected to rise. It is the
duty of the Federal Government, then, in that
case, to throw itself back upon this grant of
power, or rather to say to that revolutionary
State it will maintain its preexisting republican
government.
Let me give the gentleman an answer that
will touch his question. The State of Rhode
Island lived under a charter granted in 1003 as
a member of this Federal Union until tlio year
1845. In 1842 Thomas W. Dorr and some
other men undertook to set up a government
which they said was republican in form and to
abolish that existing under the royal charter
of King Charles. Ihe establishment of that
government, republican in form as they claimed,
was resisted by the old charter government;
and what did they do? They appealed to Pres-
ident Tyler for militia to aidtlieni in defending
that government. Subsequently an issue arose
as to the validity of that government in the
Supreme Court. And that brings me to another
of the main propositions upon which these gen-
tlemen place the vindication of this bill—to tho
case of Luther against Borden. In that case
the Supreme Court say that the Federal Gov-
ernment, the political power of the Union, hav-
ing recognized the charter government in tho
State of Rhode Island as republican in form,
the judicial department and every other depart-
ment of the government were bound to so hold
and decide, were absolutely concluded by that
recognition.
Mr. DAWES. I will not interrupt the gen-
tleman if my questions annoy him.
Mr. KERR. They do not annoy me, but
my time is short.
Mr. DAWES. I should like to have an
answer to my question.
Mr. KERR. What is the question? I will
hear it. •
Mr. DAWES. I am obliged to the gentle-
man for his courtesy. The gentleman has by
this quotation from the case of Luther vs.
Borden answered his own case. I suppose a
ease 
Mr. KERR. I do not yield for an argument,
but for a question.
Mr. DAWES. I suppose a case that in the
place of an actual existing republican form of
government the State itself sets up a true mon-
archical form of government.
Mr. KERR. I answer the gentleman that
the Federal Government must go back and
maintain the republican form of government
of that State.
Mr. DAWES. I want to know the modus—
by force or not?
Mr. KERR. Let us come back to this case
of Luther vs. Borden, by which the honorable
gentleman intimates I have answered myself.
The case of Luther t's. Borden simply decided
this one question—and I defy the most astute
lawyer on this floor to point to a single para-
graph in that case which justifies any other
conclusion—that the President of the United
States having recognized that charter govern-
ment as the one being entitled to Federal pro-
tection the court was concluded. The court
went on further to say that inasmuch as in the
State of Rhode Island there was a protended
new government alleging it had the right to
supersedeanexistingold government—in other
words, inasmuch as there were two govern-
ments there, the duty devolved upon the Exec-
utive to determine which was the proper and
legal government. There were two govern-
ments there. There is where the learned gen-
tlemen on that side particularly fail to appre-
ciate the logical basis of that decision. The
Supreme Court said that where there were two
contending governments in a State the one
recognized at the. hands of the Federal Gov-
ernment as the government republican in form
is the government of that State. No man on
this floor can point to any other decision.
Then, sir, I say their argument falls; it
becomes simply the political—; I was going
to use a word for which I might be censured.
[Laughter.]
The honorable gentleman yesterday under-
took to refer in this connection to what he
called "the conclusive opinion" of the Supreme
Court of the United States on that question.
He referred to the opinion of Chief Justice
Taney, that venerable man whom the "great
Commoner" of th(is House [Mr. Stevens] not
long since said he was ' 'afraid had been damned
to everlasting fire."
What did that venerable jurist say? Let as
hear his own words. I read from 7 Howard's
Reports, page 43 ; referring to the act of Feb-
ruary 28, 1795, he said:
"By this act the power of deciding whether the
exigency had arisen upon which the Government of
the United Stated is bound to interfere is given to
tho President, lie is to act upon the application of
