1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4011
protected against the undue competition of
older and better established works abroad,
population will be attracted, skilled industry
will be awakened, a new prosperity wiH dawn,
and the blessings which always attend well-
rewarded labor will be ours. However it may
be elsewhere, the tariff policy is essentially the
true financial policy for the South. Instead
of being satisfied, as hitherto, with producing
raw material alone, our real interest requires
us to give it form fit for immediate use. But
I will not enlarge.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MOOJRHEAD. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Michigan, [Mr. Driggs.]
Mr. DRIGGS. Mr. Chairman, like my friend
from Tennessee, [Mr. Maykard,] who has just
taken his seat, I might perhaps admit that in
giving my adhesion to this bill I am somewhat
influenced by local interests. But, while mak-
ing that admission, I still contend that I am
governed by broader and more national views
of the industrial interests of the country, and
not solely by any local consideration or any
peculiar interest in my own district. We have
in the district which I have the honor to repre-
sent two or three large interests, in the develop-
ment of which we are deeply concerned, and
which are embraced in the terms of this bill.
Oneofthem isthecopper-miniuginterest. Upon
copper there is at present a duty of only about
seven per cent, ad valorem, the duty being two
and a half per cent, per pound on pure cop-
per, one and a half per cent, per pound on ores
and old copper, making, as copper ranges at
about twenty-three cents per pound, a duty of
only about seven per cent. The committee has
very carefully, and I believe fairly and ably
considered this question. They have investi-
gated all the points bearing upon this great
interest. All that we ask is simply what was
agreed upon in this House two years ago—an
increase of the duty on copper from its present
rate to about twenty per cent. We ask an
increase of five cents per pound on pure cop-
per imported in ingots, four cents on rcgulus
a.ud old copper, and three cents on pure cop-
per from foreign ores.
Sir, while I do not desire to injure any inter-
est engaged in smelting foreign ore, still 1 know
it to be a fact that unless we have some pro-
tection more than that afforded by our present
laws $50,000,000 of capital invested in the
production of copper in my own district will
be lost and the mines will be closed. This is
a fact; it is no idle tale told here to induce
gentlemen to support this measure, but it is
true.
Now, Mr. Chairman, there are some other
important interests in my district. We have
a large interest in iron and salt and lumber,
though I believe lumber is not embraced in
this bill.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Yes, it is.
Mr. DRIGGS. I have not investigated
thoroughly the question with reference to
iron; but in regard to copper I know that our
section of the country needs all that is asked
in this bill, and that without it we cannot
exist as a copper-producing community. There
are about forty thousand people engaged in
this branch of business. And, Mr. Chairman,
let me mention an instance of the patriotism
of those people. During the war they sent to
Europe and brought to this country hundreds
of Swedes, paying their passage; yet they
afterward allowed these men to be enlisted by
the United States recruiting officers; and in
a regiment which I raised myself there was an
entire company composed of Swedes, thus
brought here at the expense of our copper-
producing men of the Lake Superior region,
who not only paid the expenses of their pas-
sage to this country, but supported their wives
and children after the men had enlisted in the
Army.
Now, sir, I hold that no interest will be
brought before this House that so strongly
appeals to us as this one.
Mr. Speaker, probably no portion of the
country has so deep an interest in the success
of the bill before the House as the district I
have the honor of representing here ; and I
deem this an opportune time to place before
this honorable body some facts connected with
the history of a section which has not hitherto
received that attention its importance justly
merits, trusting, as I do, that it may have some
influence upon its passage.
In the year 1835 a difficulty arose between
the State of Ohio and the then Territory of
Michigan concerning their boundary line, and
great excitement existed on both sides. Mil-
itia were called out and moved toward the
disputed territory, which was a strip of about
ten miles in width, including the mouth of the
Maumee river and the then village, now city,
of Toledo. There was immediate danger of
collision and bloodshed, but the dispute was
fortunately settled by the interference of the
General Government. Ohio, having most
weight and influence in the national councils,
succeeded in obtaining the boundary line she
claimed, and Michigan was consoled by an im-
mense addition to her natural area, of a com-
paratively unknown and wild region nowknown
as the ''Upper Peninsula," lying between
Lakes Michigan and Superior.
This region was reported to be rich in min-
erals and precious stones, but particularly cop-
per, as far back as 1636, by the Jesuit mis-
sionaries, who doubtless obtained their inform-
ation from the Indians. The first attempt at
regular mining was in 1770, when an English
company was formed, the partners being his
royal highness, the Duke of Gloucester; Mr.
Secretary Townshend; Sir Samuel Tuchet,
baronet; Mr. Baxter, consul of the Empress
of Russia; and Mr. Cruikshank, residing in
England, and Sir William Johnson, baronet;
Mr. Bostwick, Mr. Baxter and Mr. Henry,
residing in America.
A vessel of forty tons was built above the
Sault Ste. Marie, and miners and supplies
were sent to the south shore, and work was
prosecuted about twenty miles west of the On-
tonagon river, for about two years. The ven-
ture did not turn out profitably, and the com-
pany was dissolved in 177-1. The mass of cop-
per now lying between the War and Navy De-
partments in this city was discovered on the
west branch of the Ontonagon river, about
1800, not more than twenty miles from the
working of the English company. This block
or mass is mentioned in most of the works on
geology and mineralogy as the largest known
in the world, and was visited at different times
by General Cass, Hon. Henry 11. Schoolcraft,
and others.
During the last war with England, or soon
after, Dr. Francis Le Baun, of Plymouth, Eng-
land, visited Lake Superior, and took with
him a piece of the great copper rock of On-
tonagon, which was placed in the British
Museum.
After the admission of the State of Michigan
into the Union quite an interest sprang up in
regard to the newly-acquired territory, and Dr.
Douglass Houghton was appointed State geol-
ogist.
The first proper scientific explorations of the
mineral lands of Lake Superior were made by
him while employed as State geologist, and
subsequently while engaged in a connected
linear and geological survey under the direction
of the General Government. His publications
were annual reports, in which he described the
geology of the country, and the minerals he
had discovered ; but he withheld designations
of localities of metallic veins, of which he was
doubtless aware, as he had traversed the region
where they occur. It is supposed that he re-
served a more full description of the minerals and
ores, with the localities, for his final report,
which he unfortunately did not live to write,
as he perished in the field of his labors by the
capsizing of his boat, in the fall of 1845, in a
violent snow storm, and most of his notes and
papers were lost with him. In 1843 explorers
and adventurers began to flock to the district
with permits from the Treasury Department
or Land Otlice to examine and locate the min-
eral lands; and for their protection against
the Indians, Fort Wilkins, on Copper harbor,
was in that year established by the Govern-
ment and garrisoned by two companies of sol-
diers. In this year Mr. Julius Eldred, of De-
troit, having purchased the great copper rock
of the Ontonagon Indians, after much labor
and expense removed it to the Sault Ste. Marie,
intending to exhibit it in different parts of the
United States and Europe, and expecting to
make his fortune by so doing ; butinformation
having reached the Treasury Department, a
revenue cutter was dispatched from Detroit for
the purpose of seizing it, which was done not-
withstanding the protest of the owner, and the
vessel proceeded with her prize to Detroit,
whence it was sent to Washington. I am glad
to say that the owner was afterward reim-
bursed by a special act of Congress, obtained
principally through the exertions of General
Lewis Cass.
In the year 1845 a Government mineral
agency was established at Porter's island in
Copper harbor, for the purpose of registering,
and certifying the permits issued in Washing-
ton, which numbered several thousands.
Explorers, miners, and adventurers of all
kinds flocked to the country to locate and
register their permits. Locations were made
at random; and reports prepared by incom-
petent persons (so-called geologists) were
scattered all over the country. Mining com-
panies were formed in the principal cities on
the certified permits, and speculation in mining
stocks was prevalent througkout the country.
Stock gambling became the rage, and the
result, as might have been foreseen, was to
injure the confidence of the people in all mining
adventures, and especially in Lake Superior,
the site of so many absurd speculations. A
few mining companies continued work, though
under the most discouraging circumstances, as
the country was covered with dense forests,
through which it was difficult to make roads,
and communication with the more settled
parts was difficult and expensive.
Under the system of permits Government
exacted a percentage of three per cent, on the
copper mined, which was paid to the mineral
agent; but after a few years it was discovered
that the expense of collection far greatly
exceeded the receipts, and the system was
wisely abandoned. A price was fixed upon
the land, those occupying under permits hav-
ing the option of paying so much per acre for
a given time; after which all the United States
lands were subject to entry without any reser-
vation of mineral rights. Thiswise determin-
ation on the part of the Government, and the
passage of a liberal general mining law on the
part of the State, gave an impetus to mining,
and new companies continued to be organized.
The interruption to navigation caused by the
falls of the St. Mary's river, which connects
Lake Huron and Lake Superior, added very
largely to the cost of transportation of sup-
plies to the mines, and of copper to the eastern
markets; and for several years Congress was
flooded with petitions for aid toward cutting a
ship-canal of about a mile in length.
Steamers and sailing vessels had been hauled
over the Portage at the Saute Ste. Marie, for
the purpose of navigating Lake Superior, from
the head of the falls. All supplies, machinery,
&c., for the mines arriving from the eastern
cities were landed at the foot of the falls,
hauled a distance of a mile by train-road or
by wagons, and then loaded on the vessels
above by means of scows; and the same pro-
cess was necessary in getting the copper to
market. This added largely to the expense
of working the mines, to say nothing of the
irregularity and delay which was unavoidable.
In 1853 a grant of seven hundred and fifty
thousand acres of land was made by Congress
to the State of Michigan for the purpose of
building the ship-canal, and in 1854 the splen-
did work which now connects the two lakes
was opened, when an immense impulse was
given to the mining ot both coppcr and iron.
The product of copper from the first opening
