1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1
but I beg them not to deceive themselves. I
would ask them to remember a fact which no
statesman can disguise from himself ifhe would.
I ask them to consider that there is and must
necessarily be a conflict between the material
interests of different sections of this Union
growing out of the difference in soil, climate,
productions; and habits of life, which must, in
the nature of things, characterize a country of
such vast territorial limits as our own. These
interests must be harmonized or the conflict
must result in one section of the country be-
coming subsidiary to the other, and I ask gen-
tlemen to reflect for a moment, that every
solitary negro vote they make at the South will
nullify a white vote at the North, and that
his influence must be felt either for or against
other sections of the Union, in these Halls, and
in the election of the Chief Magistrate, as long
as this Government exists. Your two thousand
five hundred millions of untaxed bonds, which
weigh like an incubus upon the laboring mil-
lions of the country; your national banks,
founded upon these Government securities
and perpetually pouring a stream of wealth
into the swollen coffers of your capitalists;
your mammoth corporations, which have be-
come bloated upon the munificent subsidies of
the Government; your extraordinary tariff
laws, which have enabled one section of the
country to feed fat upon the labor of the
others ; your thousands of contrivances for
wringing the last drop of sweat out of the
brow of the laborer to minister to the ease, the
arrogance, and the luxury of the capitalist, all
depend upon the future character of the Gen-
eral Government.
Into whose hands, then, do you propose to
commit these tremendous interests? Is it a
race which has undergone a system of pupil-
age for centuries in the science of self-govern-
ment ? It is an axiom in political philosophy
that the perpetuity of every free government
must depend upon the virtue and intelligence
of those in whom the power of the State is in-
trusted. But who is it that gentlemen seem so
anxious to enfranchise that they would strain
to their utmost tension, if not override, the
plainest principles of the Constitution? Have
they the virtue and intelligence which should
justify us in the conclusion that they are fit
persons for the exercise of the tremendous
power it is proposed to place in their hands ?
I tell gentlemen, no. I tell them, as I would
tell their constituents if I could call them
around mo in one vast assembly, if you invest
the ignorant, uncultured, recently manumitted
slave with the right of suffrage you conjure
into existence a political power in this coun-
try to whom your bonds, your banks, your
tariffs, your commerce, all your interests will
be no more than chaff before the whirlwind.
But I will not ask you to take my word as to
the capacity of the negro race for a just and
intelligent participation in the rights of gov-
ernment. I happen to have before me the
Commentaries of the illustrious Chancellor
Kent, an impartial witness, occupying a stand-
point from which lie could view the subject
without a shade of prejudice to obscure his
vision. He says:
"The African race, even when free, are essentially
a degraded caste of inferior rank and condition.
Marriages between them and the whites are forbid-
den in some of the States where slavery does not
exist, and they are forbidden in all of the slavebold-
ing States, and, wlien not absolutely contrary to law,
they are regarded as revolting, and an oifense against
public decorum. Such connections in France and
Germany constitute the degraded state of concubin-
age which is known to the civil law as licila consue-
tudo semimatrimonium; but they are not legal mar-
riages, because the parties Want that equality of
status or condition which is essential to the con-
tract."
I read this, sir, because it happens to be con-
venient; but I do not ask gentlemen to form an
opinion upon that testimony alone, but I ask
them to look at the testimony of the people of
every State of this Union except six, as ex-
pressed in their State constitutions. They all
declare him unfit to exercise the right of suf-
frage or to participate in the rights of govern-
ment in any way. These constitutions, many
of them, have held out this declaration for
nearly half a century, and it has never yet
been refuted to the satisfaction of their people.
There they stand to-day so many monuments
erected to the grand fundamental idea that
this is a white man's Government, the grand
master-piece, the pride and glory of the Anglo-
Saxon race. Before you tear them down and
erect in their places the black badges of negro
suffrage read the naturalization laws which
received the sanction of the wisdom and patri-
otism of the statesmen and sages of purer and
better days, and you will see that they were
intended for free white men as the only proper
persons to participate in a white man's Gov-
ernment. If you are not content with this go
and ask the nineteen thousand four hundred
and twenty-one intelligent freemen in Kansas;
go and ask the two hundred and fifty-five thou-
sand white men in Ohio; go and ask the twenty-
eight thousand men of your own race and color
in Minnesota; go and ask the thousands in
Wisconsin who only last fall voted down the
infamous proposition to degrade them to the
level of the negro, and they will tell you in
tones of thunder that he is not qualified for
the elective franchise, if this will not satisfy
you look at the facts which you yourselves have
exhibited, and listen to the still, small voice
of your own consciences. You say he is inca-
pable of protecting himself in the ordinary
transactions of life, and for that reason you
maintain the Freedmen's Bureau at an expense
of millions of dollars annually. You keep a
swarm of hungry office-holders battening like
cayotes upon the public Treasury for the
avowed purpose of exercising a kind of guard-
ianship over him in the ordinary concerns of
every-day life. But why do you keep him
under this system of wardship if he is capable
of voting intelligently? If he is prepared to
vote, to hold office, to participate in all the
political rights of the Government, is he not
equally competent to take care of himself
without all this drain upon the public Treas-
ury ? If this will not suffice look at the report
of the Reconstruction Committee on the Ala-
bama bill which was introduced in this House
the other day. Do they not tell you that thou-
sands of negroes in Alabama were influenced
to withhold their suffrages because they were
afraid of a temporary discharge from employ-
ment and that they might suffer for food?
Look, sir, at these things, and then tell your
constituents, if you can, that the negro race
is, under existing circumstances, prepared to
receive the right of suffrage. Tell them that
you propose to intrust their dearest interests
into the bands of this degraded, ignorant laz-
zaroni who would sell their votes for a mess of
pottage—this set of pliant tools, ready and
waiting to be manipulated by any designing
demagogue who may be disposed to use them.
• Sir, it is high time that gentlemen had begun
to look at this question as becomes enlightened
statesmen. This morbid, sentimental, illy-
advised, misplaced philanthropy which has
swept like an epidemic over a large portion of
the country has run its course. People are
settling down into the conviction that after all
the white man is about as good as the negro,
and it will be difficult after awhile to ride into
office on that ungainly hobby. We had better
look at the question soberly and sensibly; and
I tell gentlemen again they may try this ex-
periment if they choose. I grant they may pos-
sibly achieve a temporary triumph by the aid of
the negro, but it will not be long before they find
they have warmed into life a nest of adders that
will sting them to death. They may march to
the polls now singing, "John Brown's soul is
marching on;'' but, sir, whenever it suits the
interests of the gang of hungry cormorants,
the brigade of carpet-bag adventurers who
have manipulated them under the reconstruc-
tion a-cts in the southern States to raise the
cry, they will flock around the ballot-box, howl-
ing, " down with the bondholder, down with
taxation, down with the tariff laws, and give
us cheap clothes, cheap victuals, free whisky,
and nothing to do."
Gentlemen may think that gratitude to their
deliverers may induce them to act otherwise;
but I beg them to remember that gratitude is,
at best, but an ephemeral virtue. In the most
enlightened bosom it rarely lives longer than
Jonah's gourd, and they neted not ex'peet "to
find an exception to the rule in the negro.
They may think, too, perhaps thai a high con-
sideration of the public credit, strained to its
utmost tension for his benefit, may influence
his political action, but they will find when'
they try it that he has about as much concep-
tion of the sanctity of the public credit as .the
gorilla would have of the differential calculus
or Newton's Principia.
I repeat, sir, you may try this experiment
if you see proper. You may fasten this incu-
bus upon the people of this country to ride
them like the Old Man of the Sea rode Sinbad
the sailor; but when your people have discov-
ered that you have conjured into being a politi-
cal power whose baleful breath has transformed
the sequins of the bondholder into dry leaves,
extinguished the fires in your forges, stopped
the perpetual whirl of your machinery, and
rusted the spindles of your factories, do not be
surprised to find the curses of an outraged con-
stituency clustering like Medusean vipers about
your head.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, I sin-
cerely hope the House will indulge me in a few
words on this bill. As brought forward by my
colleague from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bboomai.l,]
it is a surprise to me. I never heard it till I
heard it read from the Clerk's desk. I am not
in a state of preparation to discuss the subject,
as I wish I were. What I propose to say now
in opposition to it will be said from the inspi-
ration of the moment. If I should have an
opportunity on some future occasion, I intend
to submit to the House some views upon the
subject of suffrage in general, which I shall
have matured with considerable care, and
which, I trust, may be entitled to consideration.
But I do not propose to enter now into those
views. I reserve them for a future occasion.
My objection, sir, to this bill is that it pro-
poses a subversion of the fundamental law of
every State that does not tolerate negro suf-
frage. As Pennsylvania, by her constitution,
expressly excludes negro suffrage, this bill,
brought forward by a Representative of
Pennsylvania, and, for aught I know, a son
of Pennsylvania, proposes to subvert the con-
stitution of Pennsylvania. Such is the effect
of the bill; and the only reason I fear its
passage is that it is supported by precisely the
line of argument which I have heard urged
in favor of other measures which have been
passed.
The bill begins by reciting what I must say
is not true. In using this language I, of course,
mean nothing offensive. I say the statement
of the bill is an historical mistake. My col-
league [Mr. Bboosiall] said, in the colloquy
which we had awhile ago, that negro suffrage
interested the people of Pennsylvania about
the time he was beginning to read law.
Well, sir, I must say that he read law to very
little purpose if he did not learn from his legal
reading that the State of Pennsylvania has had
a republican form of government from the year
1770, during all of which time it has excluded
negro suffrage, and during a part of which time
it had negro slavery, because it did not formally
abolish slavery till 1790; and it had slavery
long after the act of abolition was passed, for
it was a gradual abolition. That was a repub-
lican form of government.
And now, sir, I will tell the gentleman
another legal historical fact, which is worthy
of his attention, that from the very formation
of the confederacy after the Declaration of
Independence the right of suffrage was the
conceded right of the States, over which the
Articles of Confederation and the Constitution
of the United States had no power whatever.
I say, for the information of this young student
from Pennsylvania, who, I maintain, has read
the law backward, if we are to judge from his
speech to-day—I say he will find it written in th«
