580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
the Legislature or of the executive, (of theState,) and
consequently ho must determine what body of men
constitute the Legislature and who is the governor,
betore he can act. The faot that both parties claim
the right to the government cannot niter the case,
for both cannot be entitled to it. If there is an armed
conflict like the one of which weare speaking it is a
case of domestic violence, and one of the parties must
bo in insurrection against the lawful government ;
and the President must of necessity decide which is
the government, and which party is unlawfully
arrayed against it, before ho con perform the duty
imposed upon him by the act of Congress."
That venerable judge said no such thing as
has been so ofteu attributed to him, and the
court made no such decision as is claimed by
the gentleman. He simply said it is the duty
of the political department of this Government
to determine " what government is established
in the State and the very words, the very form
of expression, "what government," implies
the existence of a controversy between two or
more governments, each claiming to be the
rightful government of the State, and it is then
the daty of the Executive to determine which
one of them is the true one. But he nowhere
tolerates the idea that there exists in the Exec-
utive or Congress any power to make or dic-
tate a form of government for any State.
Now, I invite the attention of gentlemen to
the case in 4 Wallace of ex parte Milligan, in
which this question of the construction of the
legal meaning and effect of the decision in
the case of Luther vs. Borden is settled, tod
settled forever, exactly in harmony with my
position. In referring to the latter case, the
court say:
" This court held that a State may use its military
power to pat down an armed insurrection too strong
to be controlled by the civil authority; and if the
Legislature of Rhode Island thought the peril so great
as to require the use of its military forces and the
declaration of martial law, there was no ground on
which (At# court could question its authority; and as
Borden acted under military orders of the charter
government, which had been reoognixed by the polit-
ical power of the country, and was upheld by the
State judiciary, he was justified in breaking into and
entering Luther's house. This is the extont of the
decision."
"This is the extent of the decision," the
court say. Now what becomes of the position
of the learned gentlemen as to the authority
contained in that case? They are welcome to
all they can make of it. It condemns them
and their policy.
But gentlemen insist in this same connection
that the authority to enact this law is also con-
tained in the opinion in what is called the prize
cases. I will not undertake to read at length
from that decision, but I will state what I un-
derstand to be the undeniable, iucontestible
law of that case, and no lawyer who fully
understands himself and the law will question
what I say. It is in the power of cunning men
to prowl through the opinions of the courts and
pick out sections and paragraphs that may
seem to some minds to look both ways, but
when you come to take the points decided by
the court, which alone you have any right to
take, then it is that you reach the true legal
effect and meaning of the decision.
Now, the sole effect of the decision in the
prize cases was to hold that a state of war
existed in the States in rebellion and that that
state of war not only conferred upon the peo-
ple engaged in the rebellion the rights of bel-
ligerents. but that it also conferred upon the
Federal Government the right to exercise bel-
ligerent power as against the forcible resist-
ance of the government that had assumed the
attitude of rebellion. The court held then
that there resulted from that legal conclusion
what follows in all wars, and that the Govern-
ment of the United States was authorized to
blockade their ports, to battle down their mil-
itary forces, and overcome any resistance that
they might interpose to the rightful exercise
of Federal power. For what purpose did they
siy this might be done? Was it for the pur-
pose of enabling a party to build up a system
of government in order to perpetuate itself in
political power? A thousand miles from any
such vicious conclusion does this decision go.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will read one para-
graph from that opinion, and I beg the atten-
tion of gentlemen to it, and particularly the
attention of the honorable gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Farxsworth,] who undertook
yesterday to comment on this decision :
"By the Constitution Congress alone has the power
to declare a national or foreign war."
Congress alone, not the President.
" It cannot declare war against a State or any
number of States by virtue of any clause in tho Fed-
eral Constitution.
Why, in God's name let gentlemen answer
why. It is because it is the duty of Congress
not to subjugate States, not to conquer and
crush out States, not to destroy or subvert pre-
existing State governments republican in form,
but to vindicate the law. Yes, it is the sole
duty of Congress to go into those States, and
if needs be by the strong arm of power assert
the supremacy of the Federal Constitution there
and to vindicate the preexisting government
of the States against violent overthrow; but
that done their power is exhausted, their duty
is done. That is the logical result of this
decision.
But I read further—
" The Constitution cenfers on the President tho
whole executive power."
That doctrine was laughed at yesterday.
Why, it is trifling with the House to say that
the Executive has any power! Yes, the Gen-
eral of the Army may be made to control the
mightiest power in this country. Mr. Speaker,
it is apparent from what has transpired here
in the last few days that the great aim of all
this legislation is, as some of the presses of the
Republican party allege, to secure its own hold
upon power. Its whole aim is to so shape the
future conduct of affairs in this country as that
the party in power shall be able to perpetuate
its hold upon power, not for the benefit and
protection of the people, not for the protection
of the equal rights of the States; by no means.
Within the last two days we have had an illus-
tration of the greedy and unexampled tenacity
with which some gentlemen in that party cling
to power at the expense of decency, at the
expense of good breeding, and in defiance of
every precedent and every law that ever has
been known in this country or in any civilized
government approximating freedom.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire to read a little
further from this remarkable decision:
" He [the President] is bound to take care that the
laws be faithfully executed."
Is he to execute these laws under the lash
of another Department of this Government, or
does the power conferred upon him carry with
it some discretion in its exercise? If the
General of the Army can issue his orders for
the disposition of the military forces and power
of this Government, then let us suppose a
simple case that might occur. The State of
the gentleman from Massachusetts is in revolt.
The executive of that State applies to the
President for military aid. The President
issues his military or4ers to a general of the
Army to go to Massachusetts with two regi-
ments to aid that State in suppressing the
revolt. The General of the Army, under this
bill, issues a counter order sending that same
general of the Army and that same military
force to California or to Fort Snelling or to
the devil. [Laughter.] Who then controls
it? What becomes of the prerogatives of the
Executive in that case?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. To the devil—that is, in
the southern States. [Laughter.]
Mr. KERR. Yes, that is in the southern
States, where Radicalism now holds high car-
nival among the rights of men. But I read
further:
" He is Commander-in-Chief of tho Army and Navy
of the United States, and of the militia of the sev-
eral States, when called into the actual servlco of the
United States. He hag no power to initiate or declare
war either against a foreign nation or a domestio
State; but by the acts of Congress -of February 28,
1795, and 3d of March, 1797, he# is authorized to call
out the militia and use the military and naval forces
in case of invasion by a foreign nation, or to suppress
insurrection against the government of a State or of
the United States."
In other words, his whole powsr is execu-
tive; and, in the very language of the Con-
stitution, his duty is " to see that the laws are
faithfully executed." When, those words were
put into our fundamental law they were not
put there as a mere vain formula, meaning
nothing; they were put there as a solemn grant
of powers; and gentlemen who would take
them from the President undertake to do what
they have no shadow of warrant for. They
invade a coordinate Department of the Gov-
ernment, and to the same extent the safe-
guards for the liberties of the people.
Now, under what law was it that the Presi-
dent of the United States in 1842 recognized
the old royal and superannuated charter gov-
ernment of Rhode Island as the true legal gov-
ernment of that State, republican in form, and
therefore entitled to protection? Why, thegen-
tleman from Massachusetts and his party to-
day would no more recognize a government of
that kind if erected in one of the southern States
than they would recognize a government there
that should be copied from that of the island of
Cuba; not one whit sooner. That same law
under which President Tyler recognized tho
validity of that charter government of Rhode
Island is the law of this country to-day. The
act of 1795 stands unrepealed to this hour, and
at this day confers upon the President the same
power that it conferred upon President Tyler,
and he has exercised that power in reference
to these southern States, and you are concluded
hy your own precedent from now denying the,
existence of that power. Now, for the proof
of that. In the exigencies of party it became
necessary at one period in the history of our
distracted country that there should be admitted
to seats in this House and at the other end of
the Capitol representatives from what was
called the State of Virginia. I say what was
called the State of Virginia, but it was after
Virginia had withdrawn Tier authorized Repre-
sentatives and Senators from Congress, and
they had gone home and into rebellion. I refer
to that irregular and revolutionary attempt to
build up a State government in the counties of
Virginia west of the mountains which vas
organized in 1861 at the city of Wheeling, and
which 'sent its Senators, in the persons of
Messrs. Carlile and Willey, to the Senate of
the United States to demand admission into
that body as Senators representing the State
of Virginia.
The "State of Virginia" was not there,
neither in her territorial limits nor in the ex-
pression of her people nor by any authorized
act of the people toward the formation of a
government. Yet, what did Congress do ? In
both ends of this Capitol you recognized that
government so established without authority
of law. On what ground did you make that
recognition? I will show you, and from the
mouth of a venerated member of the Senate at
that time, now no more. I refer to Hon. Jacob
Collamer, of Vermont. In speaking of the
recognition of the existence of that organiza-
tion as the State of Virginia he said :
"There are two difficulties which are suggested in
this case. First, it is said that this is a certificate
coming from a new government of Virginia, anew
I organization separated from the restof the State, but
acting for the State as a State. This is in the nature
of a judicial proceeding; we are now judging of tho
qualification of our members. It is not at all an un-
common thing in our highest tribunals that points
arise in the investigation of cases whore the court are
constrained to say 'that is a political question; with
that the courts have nothing to do.' For instance:
whether a foreign Government recently commenced
has become an independent people, whether in court
it it to be treated and considered as a nation, is not
a point on which the court can decide. That is a
political question ; and if the executive head of the
Government hasreoeived ministers from thatPower,
recognized it as a Power on earth, the courts cannot
go into the question whether he did it right or did
it wrong. It is a matter of political action, and
the political power is what settles it, and we cannot
examine into it any more.
"In analogy to that, in this judicial" proceeding
must we not be governed by the faot that the govern-
ment of Virginia that has executed these papers and
sent them to us is recognized by our Executive?
They have called on him for militia, and have re-
ceived militia from him. fie recognizes them as the
gbvernment of Virginia. It is a political question ;
it is settled. There is no ocoaaion for our inquiring
