2988,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June
rily superintending the work and actually con-
duetingit themselves, for the safety of all parties
and for the good of the mine, because raining is
an art which must be conducted by men skilled
in it or you bring the whole down on your
head; these master miners are the actual
employers of the mining labor, and under this
section they are taxed, whereas there is no
more reason for taxing these roaster miners
than there is for taxing the merest coal-
heaver.
Now, the eommittee evidently did not intend
to tax the laborer and yet they have done so
by the phraseology of this section, and my
amendment is designed to take that conse-
quence out of I heir provision.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question for information. This is
the law as it now stands and has stood for
some time. Does the gentleman say that the
law has operated unfavorably on this class of
persons? Is he reasoning a priori or apos
teriori ?
Mr. WOODWARD. I do not pretend to
know how many miners have been annoyed
by what you say is the law as it stands. I know
that the mining interest of my region is greatly
oppressed, and 1 know that when you lay a tax
upon the day laborer in a coal mine who is
not permitted to earn more than $1,000 a year
for the support of himself and his family you
are laying a tax upon the very party which
this committee evidently did not intend to tax.
That is my point. Now, my amendment
simply defines the actual miner. I propose to
insert after the word "mining" the words
" but who does not himself actually work at
mining," so as to exempt the man who does
actually work himself at mining. That is the
effect of my amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does any man who works
at mining himself receive $1,000 a year for
his labor?
Mr. WOODWARD. Oh, certainly. Why,
during the war miners made $100 a month and
more by their work.
Mr. MAYNARD. How is it now?
Mr. WOODWARD. It is very much lower,
of course.
Mr. BLAINE. I will inform the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. MaYXaed] that they can
do it now.
Mr. WOODWARD. A thousand dollars a
year sometimes is but a small compensation.
But it is earned—and that is my point—by his
actual, manual labor at mining. The com-
mittee certainly do not intend to tax him ; but
they have done so, so far as this paragraph
stands. If my amendment is adopted that
difficulty will be obviated.
Mr. MOLLINS. 1 rise to oppose the amend-
ment. If the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Woodward] desires to effect the object
he states he has in view, I do not see that he
-will accomplish it by the amendment he has
offered. The sum total of his proposition is
that those who do not labor in the mine shall
pay the tax. Now, that may be stretched out
so as to reach even me iu Tennessee, although
i never saw a mine. Now, I can see the object
aimed at; but I think some other amendment
would be better. I cannot go in for this amend-
ment, for you will not get a single man taxed
■under it. They will run in the mine, do a
day's work this month, another day's work
next month, perhaps one in a year will save
them, and thereby no tax will be levied on any
of them.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mining cannot be done
in that way.
Mr. MULLINS. I know to what extent men
are able to dodge these taxes. Theydodgethe
tax on liquor; and when they can do that so
easily as they do, it will be easy for them to
evade this tax by working an hour, and then
declare that they have been actually laboring
themselves, and expect to work to-morrow.
The proper way is to put a tax on the sales of
coal, and then you will have them. If you do
not intend to tax any individual for his actual
labor iu mining, then tax the privilege of put-
ting the product of the mines upon tile market.
And when you have done that, put the tax on
a sliding scale, make it a percentage tax, and
then you will get every farthing of it if they
will only swear the truth ; if they do not, then
they will be guilty of perjury. Now, I pre-
sume the greater part of them are honest and
will come square up to the mark. Tax the
sales, and then you will get every dollar.
Mr. WOODWARD. 1 withdraw my amend-
ment if my colleague [Mr. Cake] will renew it.
Mr. CAKE. 1 will renew the amendment.
I think I can show this committee such rea-
sons as will induce them to agree to the amend-
ment. What my colleague [Mr. Woodward]
has stated is exactly right. The reason this
tax should not be so levied is this: you cannot
levy this tax and collect it of all miners alike.
If they have ordinary luck there are none of
them who cannot make at least $1,000 a year,
and many of them more. The tax must be
collected in advance if you collect it at all.
You collect this ten dollars tax in advance;
then the operations of the mines might run
against the miners, and the}' would fail to make
a living. That often happens in the coal
region. All those miners who make over
$1,000 are assessed. That is done under the
law as it now stands. These men are contract-
ors, not mere laborers. They employ men to
work in the mines. When they take a con-
tract they always employ laborers to carry out
their contract. If everything is right they some-
times make a great deal of money. Just at
this time they are not making so much. I
therefore hope the Committee of the Whole
will adopt the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope gentlemen will not
lose sight of the fact that all this is, or is
attempted to be, established as a system, and
a system -which shall result in equality all
around. The object is to tax those who em-
ploy capital.
In the first place, there are all the manufac-
turers of the country, they having special taxes
imposed upon them, and also taxes upon the
sales of their commodities. Then we tax the
dealers in something like the same proportion.
Then, between these there lie classes of per-
sons who can be regarded neither as dealers
nor as manufacturers, but who employ, in one
shape or another, capital, who enjoy the pro-
tection of the Government, and who are rea-
sonably expected to contribute to its support,
such as builders  
Mr. WOODWARD. I would like to ask
the gentleman a question. When he speaks
of taxing those who employ labor does he
mean to include a head miner who selects his
men to go and work in the gangway of a mine ?
Sir. SCHENCK. No, sir; not if he works
as a foreman for others ; but if he be a con-
tractor, an owner, or a lessee of a mine, em-
ploying others to work for him, carrying on a
business in which he employs others, we regard
him as a miner. We do not propose to tax
the laborer. It is the same principle as that
on which we tax the builder or the contractor
for building houses or bridges. We do not tax
the carpenter or the joiner who actually does
the work, unless he be in the capacity of a
head workman, not employed himself, but
employing others.
Then there are photographers; there are
assayers, and various other classes. There
are the professional men, such as lawyers,
physicians, dentists, and there are the confec-
tioners and the apothecaries—classes of men
who do not fall within the description of deal-
ers nor within the description of manufacturers,
but who yet employ capital.
Now, sir, this objection to taxing miners, as
if they were to stand upon a different footing
from everybody else employing capital or hiring
others, or engaging in profitable enterprises,
has beeu made hero each successive year for
five years: and I suppose that if we should have
bills" of this character for ten, fifteen, or twenty
years to come, we should every year have the
same thing repeated. I do not know any rea-
son why those whose business lies beneath the
surface of the earth should be favored in any
way more than those whose occupation is above
the surface of the earth. The object is to tax
those who employ others in pursuits involving
the investment of capital.
Mr. WOODWARD. But do not themselves
labor.
Mr. SCHENCK. But do not themselves
labor; or, if they labor, labor only with their
workmen to encourage and stimulate them. I
suppose that in this democratic country of ours
there are very few manufacturers who have not
begun upon a small scale by being first.appren-
tices, then journeymen, then master mechanics,
and finally attaining positions at the head of
establishments where they own capital and hire
others; and yet, with the habits of industry
prevailing in this country, they often, even
when they become wealthy, labor on with their
own hands, in company with their journeymen
and other employes. So it may be with the
miners. The object is not to touch the laborer
himself, but only him who employs labor. A
small tax is proposed upon miners who,whether
they labor themselves or not, employ others to
dig the minerals or metals from the bowels of
the earth, thus investing their capital in enter-
prises of that sort. We put them upon an
equal footing with all other kinds of business.
Mr. CAKE. I would like to put a questiotj
to the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means; but before doing so I desire the
Clerk to read again the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
In line two hundred and sixty-three, aftcrthe word
"mining/' insert " but who do<iS not himself actually
work at mining."
Mr. CAKE. I ask the chairman of the
committee whether he can possibly object to
that amendment? It seems to me in entire
harmony with his remarks.
Mr. WOODWARD. His own speech shows,
I think, that he would not object to the amend-
ment if he understood it.
On agreeing to the amendment there were
—ayes 27, noes 43 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. RANDALL. The chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means had better con-
sent to have a vote on this proposition in the
House.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not know that this
will make much difference. The tax collected
last year was only $20,000.
'•Ajfr. HIGBY. I propose this because it does
not amount to much.
The CHAIRMAN. No quorum YOted.
Mr. ALLISON. I object to a vote being
taken in the House, for that occupies time.
We may as well settle the question here.
Mr. HIGBY. I withdraw the call for the
division.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment, then,
is rejected.
Mr. HIGBY. Is it in order to move to
strike out the paragraph?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. HIGBY. I make that motion.
Mr. BROMWELL. I wish first to perfect
the section. I move to strike out "SI.000"
and insert "$3,000."
Mr. Chairman, it appears from this para-
graph, and the ones which follow, that miners
are to pay ten dollars when their business
exceeds $1,000, and lawyers only ten dollars
when their gross annual receipts for profes-
sional services exceed $3,000. Now, itstrikes
me that a lawyer can afford to pay on $1, 00
as well as the miner. His business is certainly
assure and not liable to any greater vicissitudes".
Mr. ALLISON. I call the gentleman to
order, as we are not on lawyers.
Mr. BROMWELL. I am not out of order.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I call the
gentleman's attention to the difference in the
phraseology. It is any lawyers who do not
exceed $3,000. _ If he makes only live dollars
he has to pay this tax.
Mr. HIGBY. I hope this debate will go on
in order.
Mr. BROMWELL. There is no difference
between them. The miner is to pay tea dol-
