1964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March
chronicles, when he comes to read them aright,
that- from the Declaration of Independence
down to the date of this bill suffrage, whether
white or black, has been a State power with
which the Federal Government has nothing
under the heavens to do.
His bill proposes that the Federal Govern-
ment shall overturn the suffrage in the States
and force negro suffrage upon them. The
Federal Government has no suffrage to bestow
on anybody, black or white. It never had,
and it never will have unless you revolutionize
the Government and make it something the
fathers did not make it. It never had the con-
trol of suffrage, and yet my innocent young
student does not seem to be aware of it. He
proposes that the Federal Government shall go
into the States and dictate who .shall be voters.
It must have been understood by my friend
that he sits in this House by virtue of State
suffrage regulated, conferred, and protected by
the State of Pennsylvania, and not by the
General Government at all. There is not a
man among you who does not sit here by suf-
frage regulated by the States, and that, too,
provided for in the Constitution of the United
States. The Constitution declares:
"The Houso of Representatives shall be composed
of members chosen every sceond year by the people
ot tho faevcral States; and tho olectnrs in each State
shall have the qualifications requisite lor electois of
the most numerous branch of tile State Legislature."
We are indebted to the people of his State
for the gentleman's presence here to-day. The
people of his district have exercised the suf-
frage conferred upon them by the State of
Pennsylvania. But for that we should not
have had the benefit of the gentleman's legal
exposition of constitutional law. Yet what
does their Representative propose by this bill?
After reciting that we have no republican gov-
ernment in Pennsylvania, he then goes on in
the second section as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further That if any per-
son shall prevent any qualified citizen of the United
States from exereisinK tho right of suffrage at any
election in any State under tho pretense that such
citizen is disqualified by the constitution and laws
of such State on account of his parentage, ra.ee,
lineage, or color, such person shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor, and, on conviction thereof in the
proper court, shall be sentenced to pay a line not
exceeding £5,000 or to undereo imprisonment not
exceeding five years, or both, at the discretion of the
court.
That is a provision which is proposed to be
enacted by the Federal Government, which
never had any suffrage to confer, by a Repre-
sentative who sits in this House at this mo-
ment by virtue of State suffrage, and who but
for that State suffrage would not have been
here, perhaps, to make it. I have heard some
strange things since I have had the honor to
sit here; but I declare to you I never heard
anything more strange than this. We are told
that it is all a mistake to suppose we have been
living under a republican government; that
the States had tho right to regulate suffrage,
that you had the right to send members of
Congress here to enlighten the nation. We are
told that it is all a mistake, and any man here-
after who shall say otherwise is to be subjected
to the penalty of So,000. The gentleman from
the Chester district, [Mr. Broomai.l,] from
his legal reading, has discovered that the State
of Pennsylvania is not republican in form.
Mr. KELLEY. Will my colleague permit
me to ask him a question in this connection?
_Mr. A\OOD\VAHD. I believe I must de-
cline.
Mr. BROOMALL. I should like to put a
question to my colleague.
Mr. WOODW AltD. I yield for aquestion.
Mr. BROOMALL. I would like to ask my
colleague what he would do with a State which,
by a regular ameudm-enfc to its constitution,
should limit the right of suffrage to ten of its
citizens and their lineal heirs lorever.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, I main-
tain that suffrage, be it universal or limited, is
a State affair, and not theaffair of the Fede-
ral Government, and when the State of Penn-
sylvania comes to abuse this reserved right it
will be time enough for the gentleman and me
to chop logic on the subject. She has never
yet abused any of her rights.
Mr. BROOMALL. lam sorry I cannot get
an answer.
Mr. WOODWARD. I do not like to be
thrown out of the line of my argument. lam
showing, and I mean to show more fully, that
this matter of suffrage is a State right, and the
gentleman ought to know that this bill invades
the reserved rights of the State of Pennsyl-
vania.
Now, sir, in the colloquy I liad with my col-
league this morning, I referred to the case of
Hobbs vs. Fogg, which the gentleman called a
get-up case. 1 say it was as regular a lawsuit
as the gentleman was ever concerned in in his
life—a bona Jide controversy. Here I have
it before me, as lhad notthen,and 1 begleave
to call the gentleman's attention to some of
the language of Chief Justice Gibson in that
case, because it bears upon the general doctrine
which this bill attempts to subvert.
Having shown in a previous partof the opin-
ion that under the constitution and laws of
Pennsylvania negroes never were voters, Judge
Gibson goes on to add (6 Watts, page 558:)
u But. in addition to interpretation fromusage, this
antecedent legislation furnishes other proofs that no
colored race was party to our social compact. As
was justly remarked by Provident Fox in the matter
ot tho late contested election, our ancestors settled
tho province as a community of white men ; and tho
blacks were introduced into it as a race of slaves;
whenco an unconquerable prejudice of caste, which
has come down to our day, insomuch that asuspicion
of taint still has tho unjust effect of sinking the sub-
ject of it below the common level. ''
I wish I had time to read the very nervous
sentences of this great man in reference to the
entire absence of the negro racc from that
social compact out of which suffrage results.
He demonstrates it. No man living in Penn-
sylvania ever raised his voice, so far as I know,
against the conclusions of that great man's
reasoning. The gentleman himself does not
attempt to do it. And if this be taken as a
true exposition of the law of the land, the bill
the gentleman has brought forward here is a
mere monstrosity; it is subversive of all the
usages and principles of constitutional law that
have ever prevailed in Pennsylvania.
Well, sir, 1 alluded during my colloquy with
the gentleman this morning to another case
decided by a Republican juage who is now on
the bench. I had not the opinion before me
then; I have it now, and will read from it.
Judge Agnew says:
" The right to separate being clear in proper cases,
and it being the subject of a sound regulation, tho
question remaining to be considered is whether there
is such adifference between the white and blackraces
within this State, resulting from nature, law, and cus-
tom, as makes it a reasonable ground of separation,
The question is one of diiference, not of superiority
or inferiority. WhytheCreatormadeone blackand
tho other white wo know not, but tho fact is appa-
rent and tho races distinct, each producing its own
kind and following the peculiar law of its constitu-
tion. Conceding equality with natures as peTtect
and rights as sacred. yet God has made them dissimi-
lar with these natural instincts and feelings, which
he always imparts to Ins creatures when he intends
that they shall not overtop the natural boundaries
he hasassignedto them. Thenatural law which for-
bids their intermariiagc and that social amalgama-
tion which leads to a corruption ot races is as clearly
divine as that which is imparted to their different
natures. The tendency of intimate social intermix-
ture is to amalgamation, contrary to the law of races.
The separation of the white and black races upon
the surface of the globe is a fact equally apparent.
Why this is so it is not necessary to speculate, but
the tact ot a distribution of men by race and color
is as visible in tho providential arrangement of the
earth as that of heat and cold. The natural separa-
tion of the races is therefore an undeniable fact, and
all social organizations which lead to their amalga-
mation are repugnant to tho laws of nature.
"From social amalgamation it is but astcp to illicit
intercourse, and but another to intermarriage. But
to assert separateness is not to declare inferiority in
either; it is not to declare one a slave and the other
a freeman; that would be to draw the illogical so-
I quence of inferiority from difference only. It is
simply to say that, following the order of Divine
Providence, human authority ought not to compel
these widely separated races to intermix. The right
of each to bo free from social contact is as clear as to
be free from intermaniage. The former may be less
repulsive as a condition, but not less entitled to pro-
tection as a right. When, therefore, we declare a
right to maintain separate relations as far as is rea-
sonably practicable, but in a spirit of kindness and
charity, and with due regard to equality of right, it
is not prejudice or caste, nor injustice of any kind,
but simply to suffer men to follow the laws of races
established by the Creator himself, an4 not to com-
pel them to intermix contrary to their instincts, rior
can we disregard the laws and customs of the State.
Indeed, these must be our guide, leaving it to -the
Legislature to correct the errors of the lavy as to ite
departure from that justice which should ever be its
foundation. It is unnecessary to recur to the ori-
ginal condition of negroes as slaves in Pennsylva-
nia, or to trace the legislation of.the Province dis-
tinguishing them from the freeman. Nor need wo,
for the purpose of defining the status of the negro,
refer to thatgreat lawoi emancipation in 1760, whose
preamble, the most beautiful, just, and expressive©
ever prefixed to a human statute, only professed to
extend to the black race a portion of our own free*
dom.
" Wehavealater and authoritative guide* thejsol-
emn decision of thiscourtin 1837 inthcease of Hobbs
vs.Fogg,6 Watts,553. Theopinioncamefrom thepea
of the late C. J. Gibson, and bears the imprint of his
remarkable intellect. Itis thereshown from tbektjvs,
constitution, and 'customs of the State, and from a
lormor decision of this high court of errors and ap-
peals, that the status of tho negro never fell within
the term 'freeman' in the several constitutions,
and that the emancipation act of 1760 did hot elevate
him to the citizenship of this State. And in 1838 tho
people ot this Commonwealth, by an express amend-
mentof their constitution, drew the line directly be-
tween the white citizen and the black inhabitants of
the State. It is clear, therefore, that under the con-
stitution and laws the white and blaxjk races stand in
a separate relation to each other. AYefind the same
difference in tho institutions and customs of the
State. Never has there been an' intermixture of the
two races socially, religiously, civilly, or politically.
By uninterrupted usage the blacks live apart, visit
and entertain among themselves, occupy separate
places of public worship and amusement, and fill
no civil or political stations, not even sitting to de-
cide their own causes. In fact, there is not an insti-
tution of the State in which they havemingled indis-
criminately with the whites.
"Even the common school law provides for sepa-
rate schools when their members are adequate. In
the military service also they were not intermixed
with white soldiers, but were separated into com-
panies and regiments of color, and this not by way
of disparagement, but from motives of wisdom and
prudence, to avoid the antagonisms of variant and
immiscible races. Law and custom having sanc-
tioned a separation of races, it is not the province of
the judiciary to legislate it away. We cannot say
there was no difference in fact when the law and the
voice of the people had said there was. Tho laws of
the State are found in its constitution, statutes, in-
stitutions, and general customs. Itis to thesosources
judges must resort to discover them. If they aban-
don these guides they pronounce their own opinions,
not tho laws of those whnse officers they are. Pol-
lowing these guides, wo are compelled to declare that
at the time of the alleged injury there was that natu-
ral legal and customary difference between theblack
and white races in this State which made their sepa-
ration as passengers in a public conveyance the
subject of a sound regulation to secure order, pro-
mote comfort, preserve the peace, and maintain tho
rights both of carriers and passengers. The defend-
ants were thcretore entitled to an affirmative answer
to the point recited in the beginning of this opin-
ion."
No student of law, no mature lawyer, has
ever been found to raise his voice against this
doctrine, so far as I know.
Well, sir, now we come down to the consti-
tution of Pennsylvania of 1888, which, as I
have said, had inserted in it the word "white"
out of abundant caution and to exclude all
doubt. That constitution was submitted to the
people of Pennsylvania and it was adopted by
the popular vote; not by a very large majority,
but by a clear majority.
Mr. BROOMALL. About twelve hundred.
Mr. WOODWARD. There is another pop-
ular testimony to this same legal doctrine which
I have deduced from these cases. In the pres-
ent session of the Pennsylvania Legislature a
proposition was brought forward by a gentle-
man who represents one of the same counties
which my colleague [Mr. Buoomaij,] repre-
sents upon this floor—the county of Cheater—
to amend the constitution of Pennsylvania by
striking out the word iS white/' and he sup-
ported it with ability in repeated arguments ;
he brought to bear in support of that proposi-
tion all the resources of his logic and learning ;
and, while I would raake 110 invidious compar-
isons, I do not think that lie fell into the series
of historical blunders which the Representative
from the same district has fallen into on this
floor; he made no such blunders as we have
heard here this morning; no such statements
of law as we have heard; he made a solid,
compact, and persuasive argument in favor of
amending the constitution by striking out the
word " whiteand what was the result? In
a Republican Legislature the proposition re-
ceived 19 votes out of 100.
