4012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
oi' the mines to 1854, a period of about eight
years—
Tons. Pounds.
Was  7,642
1855 to 1857  11,312
lc)58  3,500
185 9  4,200
186 0 6,000
]!W1  7,400
IStH 9,062
J 803 8,548
1864 8,472
1S65 10,790 1,156
186 6 10,375 1,688
186 7 11,735 552
Total .99.037 1,396
This copper was shipped to the eastern mar-
ket and sold for over forty millions dollars,
contributing this enormous amount to the ma-
terial wealth of the country. Unless crushed
down by foreign competition the product will
be largely increased, as the mines never looked
better; and with the improvements in ma-
chinery and skill in mining gained by expe-
rience, work can be prosecuted much more
effectually, as well as more economically, than
heretofore. The number of mines organized
is about one hundred and fifty, of which only
forty are now working, and many of these
with greatly reduced forces, the present price
of copper ruling lower than it can be produced
for except at a loss. These mines have built
up thriving towns, such as Houghton, Han-
cock, Eagle River, Eagle Harbor, Copper
Harbor, and Ontonagon, and Rockland, with
churches, stores, and dwellings fully equal
to those of the eastern States. They have
erected mills for stamping and washing cop-
per ores, and works tor smelting which are
not equaled in the world. They support a
population of from thirty to forty thousand,
who are intelligent, industrious, and law abid-
ing. In exploring and working these mines,
building the towns, and employing the labor,
capital has been invested exceeding fifty mil-
lion dollars. For the past two years this import-
ant interest has experienced unprecedented
depression, so much so that the present market
value of its capital is less than ten million dol-
lars. The cause of this excessive depreciation
is briefly stated in the fact that the high cost
of labor, supplies, and taxes, without any offset
from acorrespondingtariff, has prevented even
the best and richest mines from making any
adequate return for the capital invested, and
compelled the utter abandonment of many
which formerly promised to be profitable.
Great distress prevails in the mining districts
owing to the stoppage of some of the mines,
and the reduction of force in others, by which
large numbers ol men are thrown out of em-
ploy. Why is this? Hero is an interest of
national importance endangered, a hard work-
ing population of some forty thousand souls
whose earnings for the best part of their lives
are invested in their little homes, threatened
with ruin and desolation, and thriving settle-
ments on the verge of depopulation and con-
sequent destruction 1 I say, why is this? It is
because there is no adequate protection for the
producers of copper; and foreign importations
of copper ores are flooding the country, the
product of Chili and Cuba, of peon and slave
labor, and our highly-taxed mines are forced
to compete with them. Seventy-five per cent,
of the outlay in mining is for labor, and the
balance is for steel, iron, conl, powder, fuse,
&c., all of which are heavily protected, while
the product, copper, is alone among metals
admitted into the country on a merely nomi-
nal duty. In the recent national struggle the
mining districts came promply forward and
sent fifteen per cent, of their population to the
seat of war, and to replace the labor thus lost
raised a fund of $100,000 for the purpose of
bringing miners from .Norway and Sweden.
Arrangements were made to pay the passage
of these emigrants, whereby their expenses to
this mining region were to be advanced and
deducted from their earnings. Ships were
chartered and the men with their families
embarked; but on their arrival in this country
. the majority of tliem could not withstand the
extraordinary offers of the Government recruit-
ing officers, and were enlisted in the Army and
moved to the South, thus entailing upon the
miner not only the loss of their advances, but
throwing upon them the burden of support of
the families abandoned by their natural pro-
tectors.
In common justice and fairness, the copper-
mining interests should be placed upon some-
thing like an equal footing with other inter-
ests, aside from the fact that they are adding
largely to the wealth of the country; and policy
would dictate that the relief asked for in this
bill should be afforded unhesitatingly and at
once.
The district which I represent is of as much
importance as any other in the United States,
which the figures following will plainly prove :
In the year 18G7 it produced in pig iron and
iron ore, 500,231 tons, valued at $3,000,000;
lumber, valued at $30,000,000; fish, 00,000
barrels, valued at $600,000; salt, 450,000
barrels, valued at $000,000; copper, 9,200
tons, valued at $-1,500,000; amounting to
$39,500,000.
My constituents are looking hither hopefully,
but mostanxiously, for the passage of this bill,
for on it now rests the question of success or
ruin. If it passes the mines will be able to
resume work, and give employment to a large
population now idle ; if iti'ails the closing up
of the mines is inevitable, and the prospect of
their ever being worked again doubtful, as
most of them are of great depth with large
openings.
Should they cease work they will be filled up
with water, entailing certain ruin to the .pro-
prietors. Desolation will then become wide-
spread among the working population, and
Government must look elsewhere and be de-
pendent on foreign countries for its copper.
All, or nearly all, of the ores imported from
foreign countries are carbonates, which require
sulphuret ores to flux them advantageously.
Our products are principally sulphurets and
copper in a native state, and consequently re-
quire no foreign ores to create a flux or aid in
smelting them. This is proved at all the Amer-
ican mines where copper is constantly cast into
ingots without the admixture of foreign ores.
The argumentraised by those engaged in smelt-
ing foreign ores that it is necessary to mix
the same with American ores to smelt them,
is simply ridiculous, for the reason, as before
stated, that American ores require no admix-
ture with imported ores. We admit that they
need the American ores to mix with the for-
eign to aid them in smelting the same, but what
we contend for is that we do not need the for-
eign ores at all; that we can produce all that
is needed for home consumption and exporta-
tion if Congress will give us the small increase
in the tariff we ask. The present duty on for-
eign copper imported pure in ingots is only two
and a half cents per pouud ; on old copper,
one and a half cents; and on copper ores, live
per cent, ad valorem; being about seven per
cent, all around. The rate we ask in the pend-
ing bill is five cents per pound on pure copper,
four cents on old copper, and on regulus of
copper and all black or coarse copper four
cents on each pound of fine copper contained
therein, and three cents on each pound of fins
copper contained in foreign ores. This, at the
present price of copper in the market, is equiv-
alent to about twenty per cent, ad valorem.
Many other mineral products of the country
are now protected by a tariff nearly three times
as great as that which we ask for copper; and
while we are not opposed to this, and while
in the present condition of the country we are
in favor of protection to every American inter-
est, we respectfully submit to this House and
the country whether it is just that this vast
interest should be left without any adequate
protection, while many oilier similar interests
are so fully provided for. I quote from a me-
morial on this subject already presented to the
House :
" The copper mines of Lake Superior, Caiitornia,
Tennessee, Vermont, and in other parts of the coun-
try. aro suffering extreme depression because the
price of copper has fallen below the cost of pro-
duction, and unless they obtain relief in tho way of
a, fair tariff there is imminent danger of a general
stoppage of copper mining throughout the country.
" Oar recent national struggle has necessitated the
imposition of such heavy taxation upon the industry
of the country that, with a few exceptional cases, we
cannot compete with foreign products without the
aid of protective duties.
"This fact has been recognized m regard to the
majority of our industrial products, but owing to the
opposition of a few interested parties, (the smelting
works at Baltimore principally,) the article of cop-
per has been hitherto overlooked entirely, although
those most heavily engaged in mining have for the
past two or three years been begging Congress to have
it placed on something approximating an equal foot-
ing with other metals, of which they are large con-
sumers m their mining operations.
"Tho amount of capital actually invested m the
Lake Superior mines andmining lands is not less than
850,000,000, and the present market value is less than
isl0.000.000. The cause of this excessive depreciation
is briellystatedinthelact that the high cost of labor
and supplies and heavy taxes, without any offset
from a corresponding tariff, havo prevented even tho
richest mines from making- adequate returns tor capi-
taf invested, and compelled tho abandonment of
many which formorly promised to be profitable.
"Upon these mines a population of from thirty to
forty thousand souls dopend for support, and the
towns and villages on the lake have been built up by
them.
" These settlements must become depopulated and
go to decay, and the lands become a worthless waste,
if the mines are abandoned for want of sufficient
protection againt copper produced by foreign cheap
labor. Already at Portage lake unemployed and
hungry men demand work to supply themselves and
families with food and fuel, and threaten the worst
features of mob violence unless provision is made
for them. To prevent the destruction of their prop-
erty several of the mines levied new assessments to
provide moans of employment for tho men during
tho winter months, though working at a heavy loss.
"During the past twenty years the mines of Lake
Supoiior have produced over eighty thousand tons
of line copper, thus adding to the material wealth of
tho country more than forty million dollars, Their
development has rendered the United States inde-
pendent ol foreign countries for this important metal,
and thoy surely havo just claim for protection.
"With a duty of live cents per pound on ingot, pig,
bar, and rolled copper, four cents per pound on pure
copper in regulus, and threecents per pound on line
copper in ore*, the mines can manage to keep on work-
ing. and pay a fair return on the capital invested.
Without it there is certainty of a general stoppage,
entailing immonso loss of property, and a vast deal
of distress among an industrious and hard laboring
population, whose all is dependent on the active
working ot the mines.
"Opposition, to the passage of tho tariff,so sorely
needed by copper mining interest, has come from
the smelting works on the seaboard, who claim to
havo a large capital invested for tho purpose of
smelting foreign ores. Aside from the immense
capital invested in the mines, there are smelting
woiks at Houghton, Ontonagon, and Lac La Bello
on Lake Superior; Detroit, Michigan; Cleveland,
Ohio; and Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, which have more
capital employed than those at the sea-board, and
are entirely dependent on home-produced ores.
"Tho estimated consumption of refined copper in
the Uuited States is per annum twelve thousand
tons.
^"During the past year (1867) there were produced—
From Lake Superior about 9,000 tons
From Tennessee about 1,000 tons
From California,Vermont, and other
points   about 2,500 tons
12,500 tons
"Added to this were imported—
From Chili ill ores and regulus, equiv-
alent to line copper  1,750 tons
From England, in ores and regulus, equiv-
alent to fine copper  500 tons
From Canada, in ores and regulus, equiv-
alent to fine copper  500 tons
From Cuba and other countries, in ores and
regulus, equivalent to fine copper  250 tons
3,000 tons
_ "It can be plainly scon from the figures that there
is no doubt about the supply from our own miucs
be^tig sufficient for homo demand.
"The passage ol'a iair tariff will lead to the devel-
opment of new mines, and the country will export
copper instead of importing it. At present all im-
poitedis paid lor in gold or exchange on London.
Copper ores pay but five per cent, ad valorem under
the existing tanff, and the amount of revenue accru-
ing therefrom to the G-overnment is comparatively
insignificant in amount."
Mr. Speaker, I do not believe that any mem-
ber of this House who has investigated the
subject, and who knows the facts above stated
to be true, will oppose this bill; and I hope
and trust that it will pass and become a law.
Unless it does I assure you that the destruc-
tion of all the mines in my district is do idle
tale, but a reality which will speedily follow
the rejection of this much-needed act of jus-
