1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
465
40tii Cong....2d Sess.
Partisan Vindictiveness—Mr. Trimble.
Ho. of Refs.
" Its corruption and extravagance have exceeded
anything known in history, and by its frauds and
monopolies it has near doubled the burden of the
debt created (hiring the '.var.
"It has stripped the President of his constitutional
power of appointment, even of his own Cabinet.
"Under its repeated assaults the pillars of the
Government are rocking on their base, and should it
succeed in November next and inaugurate itsPresi-
ident we will meet it as a subjugated and conquered
people, amid the ruins of liberty and the scattered
fragments of the Constitution."
While we have sat here, behold the spec-
tacle witnessed in the other end of the Capitol.
The majority of this House drag the Chief
Magistrate of our country, who has Keen
stripped of rightful power and manacled with
degrading restraints, before a tribunal (if the
majority here are to be believed) who had
already prejudged his case before the charges
against him were framed. What are these
charges ? He dares to do his duty to his coun-
try and his oath of office, to defend, preserve,
and protect the Constitution of the United
States, as he understood it. For trying to do
this according to his conscience he is im-
peached. If the Executive may not appeal to
the courts; if he may not at all times by speech
or writing warn the people of the dangers
which environ their rights and liberties, what
protection is left to the humble citizen? This
great trial has ended, be it said to the honor of
the Senate, in the acquittal of Andrew John-
son, thus saving the country from humiliation
and disgrace. May I not admonish you in all
sincerity and kindness, that no brave or free
people did or ever will submit long to such
tyranny and usurpations and galling despot-
isms with such onerous taxes as are now being
imposed by a minority of the whole people?
We are all virtually slaves without proper rep-
resentation. Our forefathers fought for repre-
sentation. They established the principle by
the offering of their lives and their blood that
representation and taxation should go together.
Is that principle less dearer to American free-
men to-day? No, sir; it will continue to glow
and burn until again enshrined in the hearts of
every true American in the land, and woe to
the man or party that stands in the way of this
inalienable right. Whilethe majority here deny
to my native State, Kentucky her rightful Rep-
resentatives on this floor, 1 trust that gallant
people will never surrender that rightto the
dictation of a partisan Congress. But, if need
be, assert it with the offering of their lives, then-
fortunes, and sacred honor. Who that realizes
the moral accountability of nations can doubt
that we have fallen upon evil days? In this
great crisis, oh that some great and good voice
that never counseled aught to dishonor or in-
jure this Union would rise as if from the grave
and expose the specious pretexts on which a
further prosecution of this war is now being
waged upon a bravo and vanquished people.
May I not exclaim, ''Save us from theawful
consequences of our own passions, malignity,
and crimes! It was an axiom of the old
Koman Senate that u Rome could not triumph
over herself.'1 She did. May we not beware ?
As said by me on a former occasion in this
House—
" X am frank to say I do notbelievc that the people
who, lor four long year?, held at bay, and ottcn drove
back, nearly one million Federal troops, can be re-
duced to subjection (by unconstitutional laws) anu
the negroes established as the dominant race, 11 so,
they have degenerated from their noble ancestors
who drove back the British at King s mountain and
upon the plains of New Orleans.
Nay, more. Will two million and a half of
free white men, who are the peers of any in
this land in every way, submit to the enslave-
ment of nearly one half the country, the de-
struction of the executive department of the
Government, and the emasculation of the Su-
preme Court, the last citadel of liberty? Sir,
if you do not intend to have a Union under the
Constitution upon terms of equality, you had
better at once consent to dissolve the Union m
peace rather than force it, as you are now
doing, and will if you continue in power.
40th Cong. 2d Sjks.—No. 30,
If it is not out of order I will earnestly in-
vite the majority on this floor to their wasteful
and profligate expenditure of the public money.
Prom tables now before me the entire expend-
iture of the Federal Government from March
4. 1789, to 1st of January, 1815, to the close
of and including the last British war, exclu-
sive of the public debt was $172,697,779.
Contrast this with the appropriations asked
for by the Secretary of the Treasury for this
year, as follows:
For the War Department, exclusive of bounties and
pensions $95,000,000
For the Navy .Department  36,000,000
For civil service..,.  51,000,000
182,000,000
Add to this for bounties, pensions, con-
tingencies, Freedmen's Bureau, recon-
struction, &c., at least  100,000,000
Aggregate at least $3j2,000,000
for ordinary expenses of the Government.
For the present fiscal year, estimating our
population at thirty millions, the people must
be taxed about nine dollars and forty cents per
capita, or about sixty dollars annually for each
head of a family. I submit the following table
Showing the expenses of the General Govern-
ment, exclusive of public debt, and the popu-
lation shown by the census during each decen-
nial year, from the foundation of the Govern-
ment to the year 18G8:
lia/iper
Year. Expenses. Population, inhabitant.
1789-90 and 1791 $1,919,589 52 3.929.837 SO 48
1S00  4,981,609 90 5,303,925 0 90
1810   5,311,082 28 7,239,814 0 73
ig-;o 13,134,530 57 9,638,131 1 36
1830   13,229,533 38 12,866,020 1 03
1840    21,139,920 11 17,009,453 1 41
1S50   37,165,990 09 23,191,876 1 60
186S 282,009,000 00 30,000,000 9 40
The foregoing shows that during Washing-
ton's administration the expenses of the Gov-
ernment amounted to but torty-eight centner
capita. In 1810, the last year of Van Buren's
administration, to but $1 41 per capita, and
in 1850 but to $1 60 per capita. They now,
in a time of profound peace under Radical and
negro rule, require of the people about nine
dollars and forty cents per capita. The whole
expenditures of the Government for the same
servicein 1860 (the lastyear ot Mr. Buchanan s
administration J were:
For civil list 
For the War Department  lo.oui.OW
For the Navy Department  ll,oi4,U00
Total  
Difference between the estimates for 1S68 and actual
expenditures tor thesame items in I860.... M4, ,84i ,000
Difference between the estimates for 1868,, niter add-
ine bounties, pensions, contingencies, hreedmen s
Bureau, reconstruction,$100,000,000-wliieb is a.low
estimate—making total for ISoS...... 000,600
Expenditures for same items under Bu-
Chilian,    o4,lo4,000
Difference $247,846,000
No small item to the tax-payer, including
nothing ior interest on the public debt, which
is payable in gold, or the settlement ot any
of the just debts now repudiated by Congress
and the Departments. There has been col-
lected in the last three years from tne peo-
ple about sixteen hundred millions m the
form of taxes without materially reducing
the public debt or settling any of the out-
standing debt. That Mr. JJelaxo, the cua.ii-
man of the Committee of Claims ot the Ihirty-
Ninth Congress, announces on the floor ot
this House, would bankrupt the country it
allowed, and that they amounted to a sum
as large as the present funded debt, it is
a grave question how long the people can or
will raise these enormous sums by taxation tor
the luxury of Radical and negro rule. w hile
I have been a member of this House 1 have
upon all occasions voted against these viola-
tions of the Constitution, and against all meas-
ures calculated to rob the people of their
honest earnings. So help me God, I will never
vote one cent to tax the people or their charred
ruins in Kentucky to pay any of this mon-
strous debt except that incurred in vindication
of the Constitution and laws passed m pursu-
ance thereof.
The only remedy I can conceive for this and
other monstrous evils will be found in the peo-
ple of this great country once more rallying to
the standard of the Constitution now sustained
and borne aloft by those able, pure, and upright
statesmen, Horatio Seymour and Francis P.
Blair, who stand pledged to restore the Union
and the Constitution with all their guarantees
to each and every citizen, native and foreign
born, in every State, in every district, in this
great land, upon this platform of principles
unanimously adopted at New York, a part of
which I will read, as follows :
" 1. Immediate restoration of all the States to their
rights in the Union under the Constitution, and of
civil government to the American people.
"2. Amnesty for all past political offenses^ and the
regulation of the elective franchise in the States by
their citizens. , T, . ,,
"3. Paymentof thepublic debt of the United States
as rapidly as practicable; all moneys drawn irom the
people by taxation, except so much as is requisite tor
the necessities of the Government economically ad~
ministered, being honestly applied to such payment,
and where the obligations of the Government do not
expressly state upon their face, or the law under
which they were issued does not provide that they
shall be paid in coin, they ought, in right ana in
justicc, to bo paid in the lawful money ot the U nitea
►States. „ . ,
"4. Equal taxation of every species of property ac-
cording to its leal value, including fcrovernment
bonds and other public securities.
" 5. One currcitoy tor the Government and the peo-
ple. the laborer and the ofliec-holdcr, the pensioner
and the soldier, the producer and the bondholder.
"6. Economy in the administration 01 the Govern-
ment; thereduction ot the^landingArinyandiNavy;
the abolition of the Frecdmen's Bureau and ail
political instrumentalities designed to secure negro
supremacy ; simplihcation ot tne system,, anddiscon-
tinuance oi imiuisitorial modes ot assessing and col-
lecting internal revenue, so that the burden oi taxa-
tion may be equalized andlessencd; the credit oi tho
Government and the currency made good; the repeal
of all enactments for enrolling the State militia into
national forces in time ot peace; and a tanft for reve-
nue upon foreign imports, and such equal taxation
under the internal revenue laws as will aflord inci-
dental protection to domestic manufactures, and as
will, without impairing the revenue, impose tne least
burden upon and best promote and encourage tne
great industrial interests of the country.
"7, Reform of abuses m the Administration, tho
expulsion of corrupt men from oihee, the abrogation
oi useless offices; tho restoration of rightful author-
ity to, and the independence oi, the executive and
judicial departments ot the Government; tne suboi-
chnation of the military to thecivil power, to tlie end
that the usurpations of Congress and the despotism
oi the sword may cease. .
"S. liciual rights and protection for naturalized
and native-born eitixens at homo and abroad, tiie
assertion of American nationality which snail com-
mand the respect of foreign Powers and furnish an
example and encouragement to peoplesti uggnnfeiox
national integrity, constitutional
vidual rights, and tiie maintenance ot the ri^tits oi
naturalized citizens against the absolute doctrine ot
immutable allegiance, and the ciaims ot toieign
Powers to jiunish thciii for alleged crime committed
beyond their jurisdiction."
Upon this platform, so admirable in tone and
so patriotic and national in sentiment, the great
national Democratic party enters the moment-
ous contest of 18(38.
Who can doubt the result provided we have
a free and fair election. This we intend to
have. Sir, all of these outrages upon the
rights of the people, diabolical and tyrannous as
thev have been, all vanish into insignificance
when compared with this other infamous and
monstrous crime of robbing a free people
their life long and inalienable right of suffrage
by fraud or force. Sir, you may take my lands,
my home, my idols, and almost everything
dear to freemen, but, in God's n m®>
me the right of suffrage, the last hope o i
With this as our shield the country may y
saved. God grant the people may be prepaid
to meet this great crisis. I firmly b ,
will meet it as becomes freemen wortytok
the descendants of our patriotic and revolu
tionary sires.
