1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. Will
the gentleman allow me a word?
Mr. WOODWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. As my
colleague lias referred to Judge Agnew, I de-
sire to say one word. He comes from my dis-
trict, and I say that that decision to which my
colleague has referred to-day, which is so logi-
cal and clear, is sustained by nine out of every
ten Republicans in my district and in north-
western Pennsylvania. I desire to indorse it
fully.
Mr. WOODWARD. I am much obliged to
my friend from Washington county for that
testimony. It is what "I would have expected
from him. I believe Judge Agnew spoke the
sense of a large number, and, I would fain hope,
the larger portion, of the Republican party in
Pennsylvania.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. About
one out of every five.
Mr. SCOFIELD. As my colleague [Mr.
Lawrence] speaks for all northwestern Penn-
sylvania, I wish to tell him he has no right to
make such declarations for the lawyers in my
district. He spoke not only for his own district,
but all northwestern Pennsylvania. I say he
is mistaken when he undertakes to put such
language as that in the mouths of the legal men
in the nineteenth district.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. Allow
me to say further, I will not bandy words about
lawyers; I will say the common-sense men of
western Pennsylvania. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. Let me say that no class
of citizens indorse that opinion except politi-
cal partisans who concur in the sentiments of
that decision because it was their political
opinion before. The gentleman is entirely
mistaken in supposing that his opinion extends
so far.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. He re-
fers to his own district and that is about all.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I think he is mistaken as
to his own district.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. If my
colleague will allow me a word further I will
say that every Republican paper in my district
and the leading papers in the district from
which General Moorhead comes, indorsed
that opinion, and I belieVe to-day that nine out
of every ten of the thinking, sensible men of
the country adopt that opinion.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. The
gentleman is mistaken in a statement of facts.
Mr. WOODWARD. I must resume the
floor. I rejoice to hear such testimony from
such a source. Ir. tends to show that what I
have been contending for is true Republican
doctrine. We believe in the separateness of the
two racesin Pennsylvania. I use Judge Agnew's
language when I usethe word "separateness."
Judge Agnew did not allege inferiority; rep-
resenting Judge Agnew, I do not now allege
inferiority. But standing upon his language, I
allege separateness. Our constitution, laws,
and usages have separated these two classes
of people in Pennsylvania. God did it in the
first place, and we Pennsylvanians, who are
pious people, rcspeet His decree.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. You follow God for your
leader.
Mr. WOODWARD. Yes ; we followed God.
Judge Agnew recognized His decree, and the
respectable Republicans of Pennsylvania will
sustain Judge Agnew in that decision.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The hour of the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Knott] has expired.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, obtained
the floor.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] desires some
ten minutes more to conclude his remarks. I
hope there will be no objection to that.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I will
yield for that purpose if no objection is made
to giving him the time and not take it from my
time.
Mr. KELLEY. I object. The gentleman
would not yield to me for a question.
Mr. MULLINS. And I object; for the
gentleman would not yield to me.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. KELLEY. I will withdraw my objec-
tion. I simply wanted to ask a question which
was pertinent to the point in issue.
Mr. MULLINS. I-think the gentleman will
repent of his refusal to yield to a question from
me, and I will withdraw my objection.
TheSPEAIiER. No objection being made,
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wood-
ward] will be entitled to proceed for ten min-
utes.
Mr. WOODWARD. I am very much in-
debted to the House for the privilege of finish-
ing my remarks, which are somewhat desultory.
My friend, [Mr. Keli,ey,] who was so much
aggrieved at my declining to yield to his ques-
tion, may ask it now if he has one to ask.
Mr. KELLEY. I understood the gentleman
to be denouncing as preposterous the theory
that the General Government had any super-
vision over the question as to who should be
electors for members of the most numerous
branch of the ^Legislature. I wanted to say to
•liim that that was a folly in which Monroe
and Madison indulged, and upon which they
carried the Virginia convention which accepted
the Constitution of the United States; and if
the gentleman wants proof of that 1 have it
here.
Mr. WOODWARD. Where is the question
of the gentleman ? I yielded for a question ;
I did not yield for an argument.
Mr. KELLEY. My question is whether the
State of Virginia, in Convention assembled,
did not accept the constitution of the United
States upon the express understanding that
the State had the primary right to regulate the
electors for the most numerous branch of the
Legislature, subject to the supervision of Con-
gress ?
Mr. WOODWARD. I am notinformed of
any such condition in the State of Virginia.
Mr. KELLEY. Is the gentleman prepared
to dispute the proposition?
Mr. WOODWARD. I am not in the habit
of disputing what I know nothing about.
Mr. KELLEY. Then the gentleman should
not charge the proposition with being absurd
and preposterous.
Mr. WOODWARD. I know from the very
foundation of this Government suffrage has
been treated as a State affair. And I very
much doubt whether the gentleman has any
authority for saying that Virginia ever mistook
the nature of the right of suffrage.
Mr. KELLEY. I will produce the author-
ity hereafter and not ask the gentleman to give
me any portion of the ten minutes of his ex-
tended time.
Mr. WOODWARD. I have not alluded to
the politics of Virginia nor to the history of
Virginia. I have been speaking of the his-
tory of Pennsylvania. And the gentleman is
guilty ofwhat is called in pleading " a depart-
ure" when he interposes a question arising in
the constitutional history of Virginia. I do
not know how the fact may be to which ho has
referred, neither do I care. I know that in
the history of this country there is nothing to
indicate that Virginia ever gave up her right
to control the question of suffrage within her
limits ; nor is there anything in the Constitu-
tion of the United States which amounts to a
delegation of power to the General Govern-
ment over the question of .suffrage.
Now, sir, this attempt to regulate suffrage
in Alabama under your reconstruction acts, as
well as in Virginia and elsewhere, is a mere
usurpation of a conceded, reserved right; and
it is amazing, sir, to see a body of men, sworn
to support that Constitution, deliberately tak-
ing away from the States one of the rights that
have been reserved to the States from the very
origin of the Government. The only rational
ground upon which it seems to me any man
of sense can stand in that position, whether it
is in reference to this bill or tjie reconstruction
acts, or any other of the numerous measures
proposed against the people of the South, the
only ground they can stand on is the ground
of the venerable gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] that these are subject prov-
inces, conquered by force of arms, lying pros-
trate at our mercy, capable of being formed
and molded to suit our passions and our
will; and because we happen to be very indig-
Bant and very oppressive in our present dis-
position, therefore we will degrade the white
people by forcing negro suffrage upon them.
I know no other rational ground upon which
this monstrous legislation can be\ supported
than that.
Well, sir, if that be the ground how ridicu-
lous it would be if not for the gravity of the
occasion to hear gentlemen cite that clause of
the Constitution of the United States which
relates to guarantee and protection—that the
Government shall guaranty to each State a
republican form of government. That was
the argument the gentleman plaeed himself
upon this morning. It is the argument upon
which the reconstruction laws have been sup-
ported in debate; but if the southern States be
conquered provinces, pray what has the guar-
antee clause to do with them? The Govern-
ment of the United States is not bound to
guarant to subject provinces a republican
form of government, but only to States. Such
is the tenor of the bond. 1 think, therefore,
when my colleague who spoke this morning
stands upon the constitutional provision he
abandons the more tenable ground of our ven-
erable colleague from the Lancaster district.
Then let us see how it stands. I have long
desired to express a few thoughts on this guar-
antee provision of the Constitution, for 1 have
heard things said here which make it proper
I should submit my thoughts.
Allow me to say I know right well why that
clause was put in our Constitution. Here were
thirteen States entering into a confederacy
under Articles of Confederation, and then into
a more perfect union under the Constitution
of the United States guarantying to each mem-
ber a republican form of government and pro-
tection against invasion. Whoever will read
that clause will sefe that guarantee and pro-
tection are separated from eaeh other only by
a comma; they both belong to the same sen-
tence. It is a covenant on the part of the
whole that each member of the Confederacy
shall be guarantied in its republican form of
government and protected from insurrection
and invasion. The men who used those words
were exquisite masters of the English language.
They knew what a guarantee was; they knew it
was not an original or primitive contract, but
what we call an accessory or subsidiary con-
tract; they knew there must be failure of the
primary party before the contract or guarantee
would attach. Let me illustrate, if A con-
tract to build a house or to paint a picture for
B, that is what we call a simple prime con-
tract; but if I promise that A shall build a
house or paint a picture for B, it becomes a
contract of guarantee, and the liability under
that contract does not attach until there is a
failure of performance on the part of A.
It is necessary that there shall have been a
failure to perform on the part of the original
prime contractor before the guarantor can be
called on to perform for him.
Now, here are the people of the State. They
are liable to be overrun by a foreign enemy.
They are liable to be disturbed by insurrection
and rebellion. They have a State to protect
them ; but the State may fail to protect them
against a foreign or domestic enemy. The
Federal Government agrees to protect them in
that event. That is the nature of the contract
or guarantee, and that is the precise thing the
Constitution promises. The word ''protec-
tion," of little less legal signification than
"guarantee," is consistent with that construc-
tion of the word "guarantee" as used in the
Constitution.
Now, sir, before this clause can attach—and
so have been the judicial decisions—there
must be a recognition of ft state of rebellion
