1868.
THE OOTOBBSSIQ&AL GLOBE
lars if his receipts amount to $1,000, but the
lawyer may do business exceeding $2,900 and
is only to pay ten dollars. Why should it
not be the same in both eases? I think, inas-
much as it seems proper to make this provision
for lawyers,_ the same provision should be
applied to miners.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to inquire how
the debate stands on this paragraph. Has any
amendment been offered?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
California has moved to strike out the section,
and the gentleman from Illinois has moved to
amend the section proposed to be stricken out.
Mr. SCHENCK. I doubt whether this cock
will fight at all. [Laughter.] What is the pro-
vision ? It is simply this: that each miner
shall pay ten dollars if his business amounts
to $1,000 or move, no matter how much more.
The lawyer must pay ten dollars if his business
does not exceed $3,000. If he only receives
five dollars he has to pay the tax. So nothing
of a democratic or demagogical character can
be drawn from that. It will not answer at all.
The argument is the other way.
Mr. BRUM WELL. I will ask the gentle-
man whether it is not true that this bill pro-
vides that a lawyer may do a business of $2,900
and be compelled to pay only ten dollars ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir; and a miner
may do SI.000,000. The miner is not to go
above ten dollars. Now, rather than the com-
mittee shall be broken up I will agree that the
amendment shall be considered as adopted
and a vote taken in the House.
Mr. BROMWELL. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. MILLER. I renew it. I have only a
word to say in regard to it. I only feel an
interest about coal miners. I am not particu-
larly interested in the other miners. The miner
is to pay ten dollars if his business exceeds
$1,000. Now, the objection I have to this is,
these miners employ others to labor for them ;
their receipts may be $1,000; and yet when
they pay their laborers they may not have $300
left. Our tax bills heretofore have never been
in favor of taxing labor, and this does tax the
laborer.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing debate on the
pending paragraph.
Mr. HIGBY. I wish to understand what
limit the gentlemen are going to allow to de-
bate. I made a motion some time ago to striks
out, and 1 have had no opportunity to be heard.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion was dis-
cussed.
Mr. HIGBY. I have something to say on it.
The CHAIRMAN. It was debated and
opposed.
Mr. HIGBY. Then I ask to take a vote, for
I made another amendment.
The CHAS RM AN. The gentleman cannot
make a second amendment and retain the floor.
Mr. HIGBY. Then I will ask for a vote
upon it.
The motion of Mr. Allison, that the com-
mittee rise, was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Blaine, as
Speaker pro tempore, having taken the_ chair,
Mr. Pomeroy reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union had had
under consideration the state of the Union gen-
erally, and particularly the special order, being
the bill (H. R. No. 1000) to reduce into one
act and to amend the laws relating to internal
taxes, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of Whole on the state of
the Union on the tax bill; and pending that
motion I move that ail debate on the pending
paragraph terminate in fifteen minutes after
going into Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HIGBY. I hope the gentleman will
allow mora than fifteen minutes.
The motion of Mr. SenENCK was agreed to ;
and the House accordingly resolved itself >nto_
the Committee of the Whole on the state ol
the Union, (Mr. Pomeroy in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 1060) to reduce into
one act and to amend the laws relating to inter-
nal taxes.
Mr. COBB. I desired to get the floor some
time ago in order to move an amendment or
two, which I think would perfect this para-
graph and make it understood by the people.
But as I have not time now to perfect the
amendment and say what I desired to, I will
content myself with speaking to the motion of
the gentleman from California, [Mr. Higby,]
that the clause be stricken out. Now, I desire
to state) in the hearing of this committee, that
the tax collected from this source during the
year 18G7 was but $26,000, and in 186G it was
but $28,000. It will therefore be appreciated
by the committee that it is but a small matter ;
nevertheless it is a tax which to agreat extent
discourages the business of mining.
Mr. Chairman, I know nothing of the busi-
ness of mining for coal, but I represent a dis-
trict which is largely interested, or was in
former times, in mining for lead ore and zinc;
and the idea of the chairman of the committee
that capital is used in mining to a greater
extent than in farming, or any of the ordinary
avocations of life, is a great mistake. In the
lead mines and in the gold mines generally
very considerably less capital is employed per
capita than is employed by farmers. The tools
which the miner has to use do not cost half as
much as those of the farmer. In mining it is
nearly all labor. Therefore, this tax, small as
it is, is a tax upon the labor, the sweat of the
brow of the miner. I say this with a full
knowledge that the paragraph contains words
which seem to imply only those who employ
others to mine shall be taxed. But such is
not, in my humble opinion, the true construc.-
tion of the section in regard to mining. The
paragraph says miners shall pay ten dollars.
One gentleman contends that these very words
are qualified, and mean one kind of miners.
Not so. It is claimed that it includes a class
of men who are not thenSselves miners but who
employ men to mine for them—that they shall
be taxed as miners also.
Mr. HIGBY. Does it not include an indi-
vidual who has his mine and employs a man
with him ?
Mr. COBB. Well, sir, doctors differ in
regard to that. The committee last night said
it did not.
Mr. HIGBY. You cannotgive it any other
construction.
Mr. COBB. I understand they do. I yield
now to the gentleman from West Virginia, [Mr.
Hubbard,] who desires to say a few words.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia._ I want
to make a single remark in connection with
this paragraph. It has been asserted that it
has been opposed at every session of Congress,
and I say it has been very properly opposed,
because it is not in harmony with the remain-
der of the bill. This is a tax upon persons
who produce a raw material. The great pur-
pose of the bill is to place taxes upon manufac-
turers. Those who take the raw material and put
it into a more valuable shape are charged a tax
for so doing. This paragraph taxes those who
produce the raw material, and we might with as
trreat propriety tax the agriculturist who grows
the wheat or the man who sends individuals
into the forest to cut timber and float it down
to the lumber manufactory. It is a tax on the
! man who produces the raw material which is
: to be made more valuable by others.
I have a special objection to the tax upon
mining for coal, because it is intimately con-
nected with all other manufacturing pursuits as
the producer of steam-power. You might with
as much propriety tax the man who employs
men to go into the forest to cut timber tor
fire-wood for fuel, because coal is a great ele-
ment of fuel throughout the country; and as
this paragraph is not in harmony with the rest
1 of the bill I hope it will be the pleasure ot the
committee to strike it out.
The question was taken on striking out the
paragraph; and there were—ayes 28, noes 83;
no quorum voting.
Mr. SCHENCK. Rather than break up the
committee I am willing that this amendment
shall be voted on in the House.
Mr. HIGBY. I agree to that.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the amendment
will be considered as agreed to.
The next paragraph was read, as follows:
Photographers shall each pay ten dollars. Any
person who makes for sale photographs,ambrotypes,
daguerreotypes, or any pictures by the action of
light, shall be regarded as a photographer.
No amendments were offered, and the Clerk
read as follows:
Lawyers, whoso gross annual receipts fer profes-
sional services do not exceed S3,000, shall each pay len
dollars; when exceeding83,0011, shall ca.ch pay twenty-
five dollars. Every person who. lor pay. shall pros-
ecute or defend causes in any court ot record ot the
United States, or of any State, or give legal opinion
or advice, shall bo regarded as a lawyer.
Mr. MAYNARD. I was requested by the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Peters,] who is
not in his seat and who informed me that he
would be unable to be here this evening, to
suggest two amendments, one in line two hun-
dred and seventy-five, on page 104, to strike
out the words "for pay," and the other is in
line two hnndred and seventy-six, to insert after
the words "defend causes'' the words "or
enter their appearance." The object of this
last amendment is to reach a class of persons
who, 1 understood him to say, in the courts of
his country obtruded themselves among the
profession to procure its honors and general
dignities and franchises, getting in the way ot
other persons and they ought to pay in the
same manner as those who actually and in
good faith practice.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise* to ^
oppose the amendment. I object very mucl^*-'
to striking outthe words "forpay." The gen-
tleman will see that as the paragraph will thefi
stand, every person who gives a legal opinion
or gives any advice to a friend will be regarded
as a lawyer and must pay ten dollars. 1 think
the words "for pay" are the essential part of
the paragraph. Every person who gives advi ee
to another has got to be taxed ten dollars, lie
cannot advise a friend without paying ten dol-
lars. 1 hope the words " for pay " will be
retained.
Mr. MAYNA11D. There are really two
amendments. I move first to strike out the
words "for pay."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MAYNAIiD. I now move to insert
after the word " causes " the words " or enter
their appearance."
The amendment was disagreed to—ayes
twenty, noes not counted.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move to strike out
the whole paragraph, and to insert in lieu
thereof the following:
Lawyers, whose gross annual receipts for profes-
sional services do not exceed §3,000 shall each pay
twenty-five dollars; when exceeding S>3,W)0 shall
each pay $100. Every person who lor pay shall pros-
ecute or defend causes in any court ot rccoid ol the
United States, or of any State, or give legal opinions
or advice shall be regarded as a lawyer: Provided,
That this tax shall not be imposed upon any lawyer
until alter he has boon admitted to the practico ot
law at least two years.
I have always thought the special tax im-
posed upon lawyers ridiculously low. I sup-
pose this particular profession has been neg-
lected on account of there having been so few
lawyers in Congress since these special taxes
arose. It strikes me that the only hardship
of a special tax of even twenty-five dollars
i must be upon those who have just been adtmt-
! ted to the bar, and the committee will see by
the provision that 1 have made that I do not
propose to tax them until they have been
admitted to practice for two years. It m that
: time a man cannot pay a tax of twenty-tne
I dollars, I should consider that he had mistaken
liis vocation and had better go at something
61 °Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the sub-
stitute by inserting after the word "services
