4014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July IB,
my colleague must excuse me. I by no means
say that either the Senator from Michigan or
the Representatives from that State were cor-
rect in their statements. I do not place the
consumption of copper by ship-builders at so
large an amount as they do by any means. But
1 do say that so far as that consumption is con-
cerned, either fo-r the purpose of coppering
vessels or for the purpose of bolting vessels, or
any other purpose connected with ship-building,
this is simply asking a contribution from the
ship-builders of the country for the benefit of
the copper producers.
Will gentlemen thus array interest against
interest, and if you will do it I ask you as the
Representatives of the American people which
is the national interest? Is this great interest
of commerce that bears our flag to foreign
ports of no consequence to you? Are you dis
posed to drive what little remains of it out of
the ocean entirely, and substitute for the stars
and stripes the cross of St. George in the few
remaining ports where our grand old flag still,
in defiance of your legislation, persists in flying,
and for the benefit of a manufacturing interest
of this character? Is it fair? I submit, gen-
tlemen, is it fair here at the very heel of the
session to do that ? And am I to be driven
out of the tariff church because I object to it?
The next interest that asks relief here is the
iron interest. Well, it is nothing new for the
iron interest to be discussed here in connection
with the tariff. The duty oil iron has been
run up from time to time, I do not know how
high, but it is ever on the ascending grade ; and
now the question is, shall it go still higher?
Of course we use it largely in ship-building,
and every dollar of increase of price will be
paid partly by ship-builders, who are poor as
poverty itself compared with the great iron
manufacturers of the country. Is it the policy
of the House to make the poor still poorer?
I have no cause of quarrel with iron-workers.
I would give thein ample protection, but I do
claim that consumers have some interest in
this matter as well as manufacturers, and that
this difficult and delicate matter of adjusting
the relative necessities of the two should not
be decided now at the heel of the session and
under the authority of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, who is to give the word of com-
mand and vote in or vote out propositions as
lie may dictate, and without regard to what
others think of their merits.
Iron is used by everybody, and we should
adjust the tariff upon it in general consultation
and upon a general bill. 1 have no idea of
aiding anybody in crushing out this great
interest, even if it were possible to do so, as
it is not; nor do 1 wish it to crush out the
interests of those I represent.
Salt is another of the favorites of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. In this bill he
increases the duty, already exceedingly large,
thirty-three and a third per cent, while lum-
ber, which my constituents produce, and
which, no doubt, they would like to have pro-
tected, is left at the modest rate of something
like twenty per cent., the only change made
being from ad valorem to specific duties. I
do not complain of the lumber adjustment,
but it illustrates the scale of favor which the
leading pursuits of my people get as compared
with the favored elsewhere.
There is no expectation that this tariff meas-
ure, even if it should pass the House, will be
considered in the Senate, and it seems but a
waste of time to discuss it now. We can more
profitably turn our attention to other matters
' which it is possible for us to consummate
before we finally adjourn.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOKS resumed the floor.
Mr. PIKE. If the gentleman will yield I
will move that the committee now rise. It is
about time for the committee to rise, consider-
ing that we are to have a night session.
Mr. BROOKS. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. PIKE. I move that the committee
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly arose ; and the
Speakerhaving resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, according to order, had
had uuder consideration the Union generally,
and particularly House bill No. 1349, to in-
crease the revenue from duties on imports and
tending to equalize exports and imports, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled House bill No.
938, to authorize the sale of twenty acres of
land in the military reservation at Fort Leav-
enworth, Kansas ; when the Speaker signed
the same.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House now
take a recess.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.,) the
House took a recess until half past seven
o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
The SPEAKER. The recess having ex-
pired, the Speaker resumes the chair, and in
the absence of the chairman of the Committee
of the Whole [Mr. Cui.lom,] will call to the
chair the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
TitOWURIDGE.]
The CHAIRMAN. The House is in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
for debate only. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Washburn] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Mr. Chair-
man, believing that the great and overshadow-
ing question of reconstruction is progressing
fairly and certainly toward the consummation
so anxiously wished for by the loyal men that
saved our nation from tile parricidal hands
that would have blotted from the roll of
nations the name of our fair country ; believ-
ing, as I said, that the great question whether
those who thus endeavored to destroy, by every
means in their power, should again hold the
places of trust in that Government, or those
who in its hour of dark disaster stood by the
flag of our fathers, has been decided in favor
of the latter, I shall to-day, Mr. Chairman, in
the few minutes allotted to me, discuss the
question of the currency, that life-blood of
every nation; and I do this with diflidence,
following in the wake of so many able finan-
ciers of this House. And I now frankly con-
fess that I have no new facts or figures, and
should any gentleman fancy that he sees his
own facts or figures in my argument I trust
he will here accept my apology, as this ques-
tion has been discussed by the statesmen of
their respective eras during the past centuries.
And in order that we have a clear idea of our
position let us look for a moment at the defi-
nition involved when we say currency, "expan-
sion of the currency," &c., and a clear under-
standing of what enters into and makes the
currency will settle many of the vexed points
now troubling us.
The definition used and quoted for long
years until its familiarity has given it much
force, is as follows, namely : "Coined gold, sil-
ver, and copper, and notes issued by banks or
the Government, payable oil demand." This
definition comes far short of my idea of cur-
rency, which is nothing more nor less than any
article used to facilitate the exchange of com-
modities, and I will adopt the definition of
Mr. Pitt, "That it consists in anything that
answers the great purposes of trade and com-
merce, whether in specie, paper, or any other
term that may be used."
Under this definition, then, or even under
the one first quoted, how much currency do
we as a nation require ? In answering this
question we settle most of the great questions
of finance, and to answer it by a comparison
made between this country and the older
countries of Europe, must necessarily be as
fallacious. The necessity for an exchanging
medium will always be greater in a new and
sparsely settled country than in an old and
densely populated one. Extent of territory,
when that territory is peopled by an energetic
business people, adds to the demand. Public
improvements, such as railroads, canals, pub-
lic buildings, and even private improvements,
demand and call for more currency, and it is
by confining its meaning to the narrow limits
of my first defiuition that we are apt to make
mistakes in estimating the amount that the
country can carry on demand.
The notes that the Wabash merchant, under
the old regime before the war, gave to his New
York or Cincinnati jobber for the goods he
purchased, were as much a part of the cur-
rency as are the greenbacks with which he now
makes his purchases; not as safe, but never-
theless currency. Then to determine^ the
amount necessary we must take into consider-
ation the area of our territory, extending across
a continent larger than England, France, and
Prussia combined, with a net work of railroads
unparalleled anywhere. Soon the great iron
artery will be spanning our whole country, fur-
nishing the great through route to China. With
everything as yet in its infancy and unfinished
from'the cabin in the far West to our magnifi-
cent Capitol above us, farms to be opened,
and manufactories building, railroads reach-
ing out here and there with a rapidity unknown
anywhere else, no calculation can tell how
much wc need or can use. You have no past
to judge from, for nowhere upon the page of
history do you find the counterpart of ours,
nor can you institute a comparison with our
past. During the last ten years of our history
take, for instance, the item of postage. Five
times as much postage is paid to-day as was
paid ten years ago, consequently five times as
much of a circulating medium to transact this
little item of business as previously needed.
Glance at the table of the honorable gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Barnes,] .showing how
New York stands.
New York may be taken as a representative
city of the United States. The business of
that city for the past eleven years, as repre-
sented by the business of the banks, has been
as follows—I give the average per day for
three hundred and thirteen days of each year :
1856   S23.278.000
185 7  26,968,000
185 8  15,393,000
185 9  20,807,000
186 0  23,401,000
186 1  19,26'J,000
18u2  22.237,000
186 3  48,428,000
186 4  77,984,000
1865   84,796,000
1860  93,541,000
1867   93,101,000
It will here be seen that the business of the
country last year was four times in excess of
that done in the great speculating year of 1857,
six times in excess of 1858, five times greater
than in 1861 ; that it reached the exact point
in 18(12 which it occupied in 1850 ; that in 1863
it increased over one hundred per cent.; in
1864 near seventy per cent.; in 1865 ten per
cent. ; in 1866 ten per cent.
Many believe that the war has largely ex-
panded the currency. I cannot and do not
subscribe to this theory. By the war gold and
silver are no longer currency, simply bullion
merchandise. The system of long credits has
gone, I hope, never to return. Previous to
the war the merchant of my district purchased
his goods from the eastern cities on long cred-
its ; these goods were again sold by him to his
customers on a credit ; the notes of these dif-
ferent parties entering into and for a time
forming part of the currency, in extent equal
to all the rest. Previous to the war we had in
circulation gold, silver, bank notes, checks,
notes, &c., to an amount I have no means of
ascertaining, but I believe far greater than our
present circulation.
You have forced the growth of the last ten
years of our country back into its old size, and
with what results let the groans of the great
