186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
588
(when the Legislature cannot be convened) against
domestic violence.
" Under this article of the Constitution it rests with
Congress to decide what government is the estab-
lished one in a State."
I beg leave to repeat those words from this
decision of the Supreme Court: " it rests •with
Congress to decide what government is the
established one in a State." *
"For, as the United States guaranties to cach State
a republican government, Concrress must necessarily
decide what government is established in the State
before it can determine whether it is republican or
not."
And the Supreme Court have told us what is
the form by which the United States recognizes
a government in a particular State as repub-
lican in form. Here it is:
"And when the Senators and Representatives of a
State are admitted into the counoils of the Union the
authority of the government under which they are
appointed, as well as its republican character, is rec-
ognized by the proper constitutional authority. And
its decision" 
Not the decision of the Executive of the Uni-
ted States, which it has been proclaimed to
us from the Democratic side of the House is
conclusive not only upon the Congress of the
United States but upon the people thereof, but
the decision of Congress—
"and its [Congress's] decision is binding on every
other Department of the Gtovernment, aud could not
be questioned in a judicial tribunal."
Mr. BINGHAM. That includes the States.
Mr. DAWES. My friend says '' that in-
cludes the States." Sir, that includes every-
thing. •
Mr. Speaker, that is about all that I rose to
say. I desired to show my friend from Indiana,
[Mr. Kerr,] although I listened with great at-
tention to hi$ learned and able speech, how un-
consciously sometimes men- fall into the very
error they are deprecating even while they are
giving utterance to that deprecation.
Knowing full well as I do from my personal
intercourse with that gentleman how far he is
from knowingly departing from hia convictions,
and also how clear a head he has, I was sur-
prised to see how utterly oblivious he seemed
to be of the very decision of the Supreme Court
which he held in his hand and made the basis
of his own argument.
If I may be indulged a moment, I desire to
say that it has seemed to me all along that very
little legislation was required at our hands be-
yond this, which of itself has seemed to me to
be enough to tax all our energies and all our
sagacity; and that was to see to it that every
human being in these several States, left with
their governments destroyed—in the language
of Andrew Johnson—left without government,
without law, without judicial tribunals, without
executive officers to protect them in their rights,
or shield them from the violence and passion and
prejudice which have outlived the war, it seemed
to me to be duty enough for us to take care by
legislation that every man, high or low, humble
or exalted, defenseless—and they are all so
down there—is protected in the enjoymelnt of
his rights.
A republican form of government will grow
up of itself. It may be assisted; and I find
no fault with any proper effort of legislation
that is designed to aid in bringing up a repub-
lican government in each of those States. But
it will grow of itself, and in my opinion quite
soon enough. And if we shall protect every
human.being down there in the enjoyment of
his rights there will quite soon enough come
up of themselves governments that shall be
republican in form. And when they shall have
repaired their waste plaees, when they shall
•have recovered from the losses which they have
sustained, when >they Bhall have built up their
homes and their fireside, their churches and
their institutions, then governments of repub-
lican form will have come up.
And when they shall have sent Senators and
Representatives here, andupon an examination
of the authority which sent them here they are
admitted to this and the other House of Con-
gress, the Supreme Court of the United States
has declared that by that very act of admis-
sion the government under which they come
and which they represent upon this floor and
in the other branch of the national Legislature
is thereby recognized as republican in form.
And all the guarantees of the Constitution
spring into existence and force in relation to
such governments; and the obligations of this
Government go forth, with all the power of
the Government behind them, to secure that
kind of government against domestic violence
and insurrection as well as invasion.
I now yield to the gentleman from Rhode
Island [Mr. Jenckes] the remainder of my
, time, if I have any left.
| The SPEAKER. The gentleman has three
| minutes of his h lf hour remaining.
| Mr. DAWES. I wish there were more.
1 Mr. JENCKES. I wish to correct another
statement made by the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Kerr,] which has not been
remarked upon by my friend from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes.] That is, that the Supreme
Court of the UnitedStates in the case of Luther
vs. Borden, recognized the then existing gov-
ernment of Rhode Island as the constitutional
and legal government of that State, because it
, had been recognized by John Tyler, then by
; the accident of the hour the President of the
j United States.
Now, sir, that was not so. John Tyler
j himself did not interfere in that controversy
because of his own judgment as to which was
; the true government there. And before I take
my seat I will ask the Clerk to read a passage
from a letter of President Tyler to Governor
King of Rhode Island, dated April II, 1842,
in which he expressly states that the ground
of his interference in favor of what is called
the "charter government" wag because it was
the existing government of Rhode Island rec-
ognized by Congress "through all time," as he
expresses it; that is, since the origin of the
General Government.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerb]
further said that the government of Rhode Isl-
and was one of such a character that if such
a government should now be established in a
southern State, or in any portion of the terri-
tory of the United States, Congress would not
recognize it. Sir, it was the purest democ-
racy that ever was established on this planet.
And the gentleman would be recreant to his
professions if he, after an examination of the
principles of that government, would not rec-
ognize it as such, and as the truest form of
democratic government he ever knew.
I ask the Clerk to read the extract from the
letter of President Tyler to Governor King,
which I have marked. ,
The Clerk read as follows:
" I have, however, to assure your excellency that
should the time arrive—and my fervent prayer is that
it may never come—when an insurrection shall exist
against the government of Rhode Island, and a requi-
sition.shall be made upon the Executive of the Uni-
ted States to furnish that protection which is guar-
antied to each State by the Constitution and laws, I
shall not be found to shrink from the performance
of a duty which, while it would be the most painful,
is at the same time the most imperative. I have
also to say that in such a contingency the Executive
could not look into real or supposed defects of the
oxisting government in order to ascertain whethor
some other plan of government proposed for adop-
tion was better suited to the wants and more in
accordance with tho wishes of any portion of her
citizens. To throw the executive power of this Gov-
ernment into any such controversy would be to make
the President the armed arbitrator between the peo-
ple of the different States and their constituted au-
thorities, and might lead to a usurped power, dan-
gerous alike to the stability of the Stategovcrnments
and the liberties of the people. It will be my duty,
on the contrary, to respect the requisitions of that
government which has been recognized as the exist-
ing government of the State through all time past,
until I shall be advised, in regular manner, that it
has been altered and abolished, and another substi-
tuted in its place by legal andpeaeeable prooecdings,
adopted and pursued by the authorities and people
of the State."
Mr. BURR rose.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman from
Illinois will not object I hope the gentleman
from Rhode Island will have ten minutes more.
The SPEAKER. There are more gentle-
men desiring to speak than can probably be
heard.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask that the gentleman
from Rhode Island have ten minutes.
Mr. BURR. I do not object if it does not
come out of my time.
Mr. JENCKES. I will take some other
opportunity.
Mr. BURR then addressed thd House. His
remarks will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. WARD. Mr, 'Speaker, I have exam-
ined with some degree of care the important bill
under consideration, and have come to the con-
clusion it will become my duty to support it.
One thing is evident, painfully evident to the
people of this country that now, nearly three
years since the armed power of the rebellion
was broken, the people of the South inhabiting
the districts which were overcome and affected
by this rebellion have not been reconstructed
or resumed their peaceful, harmonious rela-
tions with the Government of the United States.
The inquiry we naturally make now, sir, is.
first, whether the bill under consideration will
accomplish this desired result; and secondly,
whether the bill is of such a character as we
can constitutionally pass, so that when it shall
become a law it will be effectual for the pur-
pose for which it was intended.
Mr. Speaker, ever since that foulest blow
of all time which struck down and murdered
Abraham Lincoln, and the present Executive
filled the presidential chair, and by his actions
and by his declarations, and by, I must be per-
mitted to say, his usurpations, indicated a pur-
pose to transfer the executive power of this
Government from the loyal people who con-
quered to the conquered traitors—when it be-
came evident that all the patronage and all the
power of the executive branch of this Govern-
ment was to be used persistently and determ-
inedly to return the power of this country to
the southern State organizations, and to the men
whose hands are red with the blood of our
brothers, and upon whose foul skirts lay the
stain of treason, which sowed our land with
graves, shrouded it with mourning, and bur-
dened it with debt, it became evident to my mind
that it was the solemn duty of Congress, in a
constitutional way, to remove from the track
all the obstructions which stood in the way of
reconstruction. It is evident that we must
either abandon all idea of reconstruction alto-
gether or we must accomplish it independently
of the President. The question now is, are the
public exigencies such that that reconstruction
shall be. immediate, or shall we wait for the
expiration of the term cif the present Execu-
tive ? Shall we permit this condition of discord
and confusion to continue? Sir, we cannot
wait with a starving South, with hundreds of
thousands of' people at the North out of em-
ployment, with our finances disordered ; with
our finances in that condition requiring our
greatest efforts and highest wisdom to remedy
them, when the mutterings of public discontent
come np to these marble halls proclaiming
that something must be done with this diseased
member of the body-politic.
Either th# diseased member must be cored,
either the disease must be eradicated, or the
whole system will become affected. I am free
to say that I do not believe it is consistent with
the spirit and genius of our institutions, with
free government, with the ends and aims for
which our Government was established, to
maintain, for any great length of time, military
governments over large portions of our people,
and that it can be done with safety no longer
than it is absolutely necessary for the national
preservation. I say, therefore, that the high-
est interest of the country, its future pros-
perity and the perpetuity of our institutions,
require us to bring about a speedy and effect-
ual reconstruction.
We have conferred upon the President the
right and the duty to execute the reconstruc-
tion acts. Has he done it? He prevented
reconstruction for eight months by refusing to
call Congress together after the cessation of
hostilities; and when Congress did assemble
and proposed a just and equitable scheme of
reconstruction to the people of the South,
