1868.]
40th Cong....2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Territory of Wyoming—Mr. Burleigh.
jider the treaty in all its Aspects and relations, and
to determine its action upon its own discretion and
judgment. For myseif, X hold the authority to make
a treaty, conferred by the Constitution upon the
PrffenAand tll©Senate of the United States, to be
a limited power . that the House of Representatives,
as a coordinate branch of the Government, has a
clear and unquestionable constitutional right to con-
sider the subject of a treaty both before and after ifc
le concluded. or at anytime -when it shall be the
interest ot the country so to do, to ascertain foritself
■whether it be within the scope of the treaty-making
power, whether it be m contravention of the estab-
lished policy and interests of the Government, or
whether it be on the contrary destructive, as atreaty
may well be, of the principles of the Constitution,
the rights ot tne people, or the fundamental inter-
ests of the Government. This I hold to be the privi^
jecf the House oi Representatives upon the sub-
My colleague, [Mr. Stevexs,] inanargument
delivered yesterday, says:
^ "Our Constitution has put the whole treaty-mak-
lngpowennto the hands of the President andSeaate.
Neither branch of the Government has any right to
jnterfero.
In this my learned friend is mistaken, as
I have already shown. My colleague says
further:
. ^ but ono way to evade its execution: that
is by bad faith.'
Now, Mr. Chairman, as it must be conceded
by every one who has given the subject a care-
ful examination, that this House has a perfect
right to say whether this treaty or purchase
shall be carried out, and the question now
recurs, ought this House to pass the bill now
under consideration, appropriating out of the
Treasury §7,200,000 in gold, for a territory of
which we know but little, and not contiguous
to any that we own, but at least four hundred j
miles from it? I do not, however, put much j
stress upon the fact that the territory proposed
to be purchased is not contiguous, as no one,
X presume, would object to the acquisition of
Cuba, if the same could be procured upon fair
and honorable terms ; nor am I opposed to the j
acquisition of foreign territory where it is evi- !
dent that it would be of an advantage to our
country, when it can be got upon reasonable
terms, and can be paid for without oppressing
the tax payers.
Mr. Chairman, while I am in favor of ex-
tending our domain, I can see no good reason
for adopting at this time the treaty with liussia
lor the purchase of "Alaska," a country which,
as 1 have already said, we know but little about,
and judging from its location, doubtful if any !
of it will be susceptible of cultivation, or at*l
least such as will induce persons to settle there.)'
under a homestead law; and as to minerals, !
we have little or no reliable information, soj
that the main value, so far as can be gathered j
from the speeches, are fisheries, which from the j
glowing descriptions are evidently very much !
exaggerated ; and to afford this alleged source !
of wealth to be derived from fisheries, we will r
have the expense of governing that territory 1
which will be no small sum annually, and that, ;;
too, a people who do not understand our lan- j!
guage or are in any way acquainted with out
form of government; and if the Indians should 1
commit depredations we may have the expense :
of an Indian war in that severe climate, and ,
we all know what an enormous sum a war with
Indians costs the United States. Then, Mr. :
Chairman, taking into consideration our large ,
national debt, and the ardent desire of our ,
tax-payers for a reduction of taxation, 1 deem
it inexpedient to approve of the treaty, and
will therefore vote against the appropriation j
of $7,200,000 in gold to pay for the territory \
of Alaska, and in doing so I do not consider j;
that 1 am in any way violating the provisions
of the Constitution, or acting in bad faith with
liussia. who I admit has been our friend dur- |J
ing our late struggle, and I might add we have j!
been hers; but notwithstanding the friendship j;
there is no reason for us to vote away the peo- |!
pie's money without an adequate consideration, (j
and thus perform an act that may tend to in- j!
crease our large national debt. !■
Ho. of Reps.
Territory of Wyoming.
SPEECH OF HON. W. A. BURLEIGH,
of dakota,
In the House of Representatives,
July 23, 18G8,
On the bill (S. No. 357) to provide a territorial gov-
ernment for the Territory of Wyoming.
_ Mr. BURLEIGH. Mr. Speaker, I did not
intend to say anything upon the bill now before
the House, to provide r temporary government
for the Territory of Wyoming, and should not
but for the extraordinary statements which have
been made by the honorable chairman of the
Committee on the Territories, [Mr. Ashley.]
I feel that I should prove false to the interests
of my constituents if I permitted those state-
ments to pass unnoticed, or rather if I failed
to lay the facts before the House as they actu-
ally exist after the misrepresentations which he
has made. The territorial boundaries, as pro-
vided for in the bill, embrace an area of about
one hundred and seven thousand square miles,
or 68,480,000 acres, an extent of country al-
most three times as large as Ohio, that State
having an area of only y9,684 square miles, or
25,578,960 acres. It is thirty-nine thousand
square miles larger than the six New England
States, and two thousand miles larger than
New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Dela-
ware, and Maryland, it contains fifteen thou-
sand miles more territory than England, Scot-
land, and Wales, while it is but seven hundred
and sixty-two miles smaller than the whole
kingdom of Italy, and fourteen hundred and
forty miles less than that of Prussia.
Dakota as at present organized is larger than
the Austrian empire, and has an area of thirty
thousand square miles more than France; but
to bring the comparison nearer home, it is
twenty thousand miles larger than all New-
England, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylva-
nia, Ohio, Delaware, and Maryland combined.
Its mountains abound in the richest deposits
of gold, silver, copper, and iron, while the
whole surface of this vastTerritory is underlaid
with strata of bituminous coal of superior
quality. As a stock and wool-growing country
it possesses superior advantages. Most of its
surface is covered with nutritious grasses, upon
which cattle and sheep subsist the whole year.
Its climate is more health-giving and delightful
than can be found elsewhere on this continent.
All along the line of our great national thor-
oughfare, which will soon connect the shores
of the Atlantic and Pacific, towns and cities
are springing up as if by magic power. It is
along the line of this road, upon the fertile
valleys of the rivers and streams, in the gorges
of its majestic mountains, thattensofthousands
of enterprising men are flocking from every
State of the Union to seek homes in Wyoming.
There they are now engaged in laying the found-
ation of what to-morrow will be a Territory;
a few years hence a State of this Union.
These men have gone there from the older
States, where they have been reared under the
benign influence of civil governments regu-
lated by civil law. They find themselves to-
day in a new country where the protection of
civil government cannot bo successfully in-
voked, where the hand of justice does not reach.
Sir. the thirty-five thousand loyal citizens of
Wyoming are now pleading with this Con-
gress to extend to them that measure of pro-
tection which the law aloue can afford when
administered by civil officers. I ask you. sir,
and I ask this House, if there is anything un-
reasonable in the demand of these people'.' Is
it not their right—more than this, is it not
their birthright, as American citizens, to claim
this, and is it not your duty as a part of the
American Congress to guaranty it to them'?
What great crime have they committed,
wherein is their offense, that you, the guard-
ians of liberty, who are assembled here, should
withhold from these people this great boon
which they invoke at your hands. For what
sin of commission or of omission are the citi-
zens of this infant Territory to be spurned
with contempt from this great citadel of jus-
tice and turned over to anarchy, violence, and
murder for another year? Is it the expense
of a territorial government that is to work
this great wrong to a loyal people ? It will not
be materially increased by giving them a gov-
ernment. Pass the bill providing for biennial
sessions of the territorial Legislatures, and
double this amount wiU be saved. The cost
of life, liberty, and happiness cannot be com-
puted in dollars and cents.
_ This proposed Territory has a white popula-
tion, according to the estimate of the best
judges, of at least thirty-five thousand souls,
and is so rapidly increasing that it is believed
it will contain at least sixty thousand within
the next twelve months.
For a distance of more than three hundred
miles this Territory is crossed by the great
Union Pacific railroad, an,d will in ninety days
more have the line of this road extended from
its eastern to its western boundaries, a distance
of about four hundred and eighty miles.
Thi3 proposed Territory did not originally
belong to Dakota, but was laid out at the time
Montana was organized, and was then only at-
tached to Dakota for temporary purposes—
there being but few white people within its
boundaries. Since that time the Pacific road
has been constructed very far across itssouth-
ern half, the precious metals have been discov-
ered in paying quantities, while thousands of
men are flocking there to find homes. From
the capital of Dakota to the city of Cheyenne
is a distance of seven hundred miles, and be-
tween eleven and twelve hundred miles to the
western boundary of the Territory on the line
of the road. The cost to the Federal Govern-
ment, I am confident, -will not be increased,
while the benefits and blessings that will accrue
to that portion of the Territory by giving it
a separate organization can scarcely be esti-
mated.
When before in the history of this country
has a Territory with the population and extent
of Wyoming been denied the benefits of a
territorial organization ? Never, sir 1 There
is no precedent for it at all. The whole past
action of Congress has been the reverse. Early
in the session memorials and petitions were
referred to the Committee on the Territories in
this House, asking for a temporary govern-
ment for this Territory. W eek after week
passed away, and tliere was no action. It sooa
became apparent that the chairman, for rea-
sons best known to himself, would not act in
the matter at all. Time and again when spoken
to upon the subject he stated that mob law
was the only form of law adapted to the gov-
ernment of this Territory, and the vigilance
committee were the proper parties to execute
it. Petitions and memorials of a similar char-
acter were then referred to the Senate Com-
mittee on Territories. After a thorough invest-
igation, its chairman was unanimously in-
structed by his committee to report a bill. The
Senate spent nearly a whole day in its examin-
ation, and then passed it without one dis-
senting vote. And here I desire to remark
that several of those Senators have within the
last year visited that Territory, and from per-
sonal observation became satisfied that a ter-
ritorial government is absolutely needed there.
That bill is now before this House. As the
Delegate from Dakota, as the legal representa-
tive of these people, I ask that it be puc upon
its passage, and not referred to the committee)
as requested by the chairman, where it will
surely die. It has been examined by the mem-
bers of the committee, and I know that while
they would like to accommodate the chair-
man a majority of them are at heart in favor of
passing it at the present time. _
Eightlong months have elapsed since thi3
