584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 1$,
known as the fourteenth constitutional amend-
ment, what did the President do? He treated
it with contempt, pronounced it unjust, and
encouraged the people of the South to resist
it. The Democratic party aided him in this
work, the southern rebels cooperated with
him, and the result was the rejection of that
constitutional amendment.
A year passed accomplishing this experiment.
A year's delay had occurred in consequence of
the President's resistance. All that precious
time was lost by the action of the President,
sustained by the Democratic party. A year and
eight months had gone in consequence of the
failure of the President to call Congress to-
gether, and the failure of the experiment to
obtain reconstruction on the basis of the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution. And
what did Congress do when it reassembled in
the fall of 1800 and also in July last? It was
apparent that the Sooth would do nothing under
the proposition submitted to it. No action could
be brought about in those disorganized States.
They proposed to come in on their own terras
or on no terms whatever. They proposed to
stay is rebellion, scowling and frowning upon
us, while their territory was disorganized and
the Whole country was affected by their treason.
In that state of things Congress was appealed
to to inaugurate an affirmative policy, a policy
that would execute itself, a policy that should
not depend for its execution upon the consent
of the people who had been in rebellion. Con-
gress found a large mass Of the people in the
South that had been loyal and faithful to the
Government, and it siid to them: " We will
clothe you with the ballot; we will give to you
the high prerogative of citizenship ; you aided
win putting down-the rebellion; you have been
loyal to your country all the way through; you
have fought and prayed for it; your hopes are
bou&d ttp iii the Union of the States; now we
Will giv'e y'oU the mea&tvnot only of protecting
yourselves but "of reconstructing the Union."
We then passed a Very decided bill on that
subject and Sent it to the President. He
vetoed it. Then the country clamored for
iotpeachment. Then gentlemen in this Hall
talked abost impeachment The President
feared it, and appointed good and true men to
exscute the reconstruction laws. He appointed
General Ord, General Pope, General Sheri-
dan, and General Sickles. He seemed to
give an earnest to the country of his determ-
ination faithfully to execute the law. But
when the wholesome fear of impeachment had
vanished he removed these faithful officers.
Since then by his messages, proclamations,
and patronage, cooperating with the Demo-
cratic party and with that miserable faction
which 1 must characterize as the moat con-
temptible of all,. the Conservative party, he
..feaa been constantly obstructing and embar-
TM^iag the work of restoring the rebel States,
so' that in order to accomplish the work we are,
it seems to me, compelled to do something
further, and not depend any longer on the
Executive at all.
We all remember that dark epoch during
the war when the land was covered with gloom
bad despondency, shortly before the gentlemen
who have been expounding'the Constitution to
OS so vehemently in this Hall declared in their
^platform at Chicago that the war was a failure.
I remember how dark the prospect Was, and
how anxiously we looked around for help. Then
we sought and found a commander in the West
in whom we placed our hopes of success in
crushing out the rebellion; and the result was
that the rebel armies surrendered, the rebel-
lions flag went down, I hope forever, in its
infamy, in the dust, never to rise, and the old
flag floated again triumphantly over every inch
of the national domain.
Now, sir, we have been speculating and
Scheming and trying in our work of recon-
struction to get under the President and over
the President and around the President, and
«&tne of us have been trying to get through the
Presideht, ^laughter,] and We have not sac-
sfetdftd. V* e Uavfe accomplished nothing com-
plete is yet, and now we are obliged to appeal
to this same magnificent commander to come
tip to the rescue and help ns out of this diffi-
culty, and secure the fruits of that valor which
he and his compatriots evinced on the field of
baftle.
Bot, sir, gentlemen tell us that all this is
unconstitutional. "Unconstitutional!" Why,
it seems to me, M¥. Speaker, that I have heard
that objection before. There is nothing alarm-
ing to me ill that sort of talk. Why, sir, when
We proposed to put down the rebellion by force
of arms these gentlemen said that it was uncon-
stitutional to coerce traitors. When the credit
of the Government Was so low that we could
not borrow a dollar in the1 markets of the
world, in eortseqttenee Of the want of confi-
dence which Was felt in the motley markets of
the world of the ability of our Government to 1
pay its obligations; when we could not borrow
a dollar abroad in consequence of this, and of
the declaration on the part of England and
France of the belligerent rightB of the confed-
erates, and we proposed to make our notes
legal tenders, that was said to be unconstitu-
tional. When We proposed to draft men into
the Army to fill its depleted ranks they said it
was unconstitutional. When we proposed to
strike the shackles from the bondman and to
relieve his arms from the bondage of slavery,
so that be might take his mnsket and fight for i
the flag that bad only brought him stripes and
scars instead of protection; when we did that,
and when Abraham Lincoln performed the
grandest act in history, and issued his etnan- |
cipation proclamation, they said all that was
unconstitutional. Indeed, everything has been
"unconstitutional" that has been undertaken
by the Union organization fro'ln the commence-
ment of the great struggle, Which is not yet
ended, down to the present hour.
Now, sir, I heard a gentlehian' upon this
floor the other day talking to u'S about our un-
constitutional proceedings, telling us about the
monstrous conduct of this Congress and about
the monstrous conduct of the Republican party,
■and he took the Constitution of the United
States into his especial keeping. . I refer to my
colleague from New York, fMr. Wood,] and I
will ask the Clerk to read in this connection &
correspondence between him and Mr. Toombs.
Mr. BINGHAM. Do you mean Robert
Toombs, of Georgia?
Mr. WARD. Yes, sir.
The Clerk read as follows:
Correspondence between Senator Toombs and Mayor
Wood.
Milledgeville, January 24.1861.
To his Honor Mayor Wood :
Is it true that any arras intended for and consigned
to the Stat# of Georgia have been seized by the pub-
lic authorities in New York? Your answer is im-
portant to us and to Now York.. Answer at once.
R. TOOMBS.
To this the mayor returned tho following answer:
Hon. Robert Toombs, Mitledgcville :
I regret to say that arms intended for find con-
signed to the State of Georgia have been saiaed by
the police of this State,t>at the city of New York
should in no way be made responsibVe for the out-
rage. As mayor I have no authority over tho police.
If I had tho power I abonld summarily punish the
authors of this illegal und mrjustiflabio seizure of
private property. F. WOOD.
Mr. WARD. And in that connection I desire
to refer to a letter of Mr. Franklin Pierce, in
Which he informed Mr. Jefferson Davis for his
consolation that blood/should flow in northern
streets—or Something to that (effect—if the
"rights" of the traitors of the South should
be interfered with.
And I also desire to refer to the provisions
of the Chicago platform—which, I believe, all
my Democratic friends here subscribe to—that
the war for the suppression of the rebellion was
a failure, and that unless a restoration of the
Union could be had by peaeeable arrangement
with those rebels We could have no Union.
Consequently the inference was that unless the
Union could be restored by peaceable consent
of t'he rebels we could have no Union.
Mr. ROSS. I hope the gentleman will quote
that platform correctly.
Mr. WARD. I think I have quoted it cor-
rectly in substance. Now, behold my col-
league, [Mr. Wood,] the gentlemen who made
these provisions in the Chicago platform, and
these followers of Franklin Pierce have sud-
denly takeh the Constitution of the United
States into their special and exclusive keeping.
And wht> are helping them to take care of the
Constitution? Why, sir, Bob Toombs and
Jeff. Davis. And every rebel newspaper in
the South and every copperhead newspaper in
the North, that croaked all along that we could
not put down th-3 rebellion, and said all the
time that treason would succeed, and grumbled
all the while at everything we did to put down
this rebellion and save the Union, are also aid-
ing them in preserving the Constitution. I
think, if you will search the columns of the
Express and other papers—and I think, in
fact, that if you will search the record of every
one of these gentlemen who are now so earn-
estly engaged in defending the Constitution,
who are now its special guardians, if their the-
ories had prevailed we should now have had
no constitution, no government, no flag; even
the name of America would be to-day blotted
from the book of nations; the last experiment
of self-government by the people would be a
failure; and with shame and humiliation we
would now be bowing down befoffe some auto-
crat or despot, and these gentlemen would have
the pleasure and gratification of khowing that
they Were the authors of all that direfnl result.
I I do not want thes^gentlemen to quote ttt
I me any constitutional law. I tell them that
the Constitution was made to preserve the
nation, not to destroy it. And if the Consti-
tution is not broad enough, great enough, and
strong enough to save this country in its time
of peril Mid in the days of its emergency*
then Madison, Mason, Randolph, Hamilton,
and the other illustrious men who framed that
great instrument did not ootnprtehend their
duties and did not perform them.
It is a part of every nation's rights, as it is
a part of the-rights of-every individual, to take
the necessary measures to preserve its own
existence. Self-preservation is the first law
of nations as of nature. A Government has
always the right to protect itself and to pre-
serve itself. You caariot so ftattte a Govern-
ment that that right does not attach to it.
That is a part of the constitution and frame-
work of every Government, otherwise yout
Government is tt failure^ it is defective and wiil
crumble to atoms.
Sir, the Constitution of the United States was
framed to build up the grand and glorious fab-
ric of a free Government and free institutions-*
a Government which shall extend its power and
protection down along the avenue of genera-
tions yet to come and over the people who
shall live under its flag, and a cardinal princi-
ple of that' Government isffeediMtttotfce masses-;
the cardinal principle of that Government is
that the people shall rale; that all men tinder
the flag, white or black, naturalized or native
born, stand equal before the law, as they Stand
equal before God. And when that Constitu-
tion was framed, when our fathers assembled
in the Convention of 1787, their object was to
frame a form Of government which should
remedy the ■ evils of the Confederation, which
was a weak Government, a Government rarified
throngh the States, a Government in which the
States triumphed over the national authority, a
government that coald not collect a dollar's
tax, that could not command respect at home
or abroad; a Government "which, having lost
the respect of oar own people as well as of for-
eign nations, was crumbling to pieces. Their
object was to make a stronger Government, a
Government-that would hold together, a Gov-
ernment that would be firm and unyielding,
and would secure the rights of the people at
the same time that it respected the just rights
of the States. This object they declared in the
preamble in these words:
"We, the people of the United State*, in order to
form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure
domestia tranquility, provide for the common de-
fense, promote the general welfare, and secure tue
