THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18;
gle individual of the proper age, readaud write,
and have all the essential requisites of a free
republic, except, perhaps, the appointment
of a few of the executive officers by the horns
Government, when the wishes of the people are
always consulted.
Let a tyrant attempt to put his foot upon
such a bombshell and he will be blown with
all around him to inevitable ruin. Before the
time supposed foissuch action shall have arrived
Cuba, the most fertile and productive spot of
its size, except, perhaps, the Delta of the Nile,
will have become saturated and ripe with the
bursting principles of freedom, and, together
with St. Domingo, Hayti, Jamaica, and their
cognate races, will be ready to leap to arms and
defend their appropriate dominions, if such
aid be needed in the cause of freedom, and if
they shall not then have been added to our
dominion by our enterprising Foreign Secre-
tary. All of these islands are now free except
Cuba and Porto Rica, which are now oppressed
by the proudest and most cruel tyrant of Eu-
rope, himself of a mixed race of swarthy Moors
and sluggish white blood. He may as well
take warning that the day is very near when
he must knock the shackles from every Cuban
or have thenitorn from them by the spirit of
liberty. She is within sight of emancipated
America, and surrounded by islands of the sea
every one of which is free. The souuds of the
overseers' lash and the cries of the agonized
slave will not, must not, be longer permitted
to mingle with the sweet pseans to liberty
which are shouted forth through every free-
man's voice in the western world. All the
golden rivers of Africa will never again pur-
chase sufficient power to reenslave those just
made free by the spirit of liberty, much stronger
than all the powers of Hercules or of Sampson.
Before any other nations are prepared to
establish their institutions in any part of this
western world the broad, bold shoulders and
swarthy frames of the inhabitants of this isl-
and empire will have established Governments
that Spain and other European nations will
willingly surrender to freedom, lest they should
corrupt their despotic lead and hasten their
own Governments a half century along the
railroad path of liberty. But whether such
an ally shall then exist or not, without boast-
ing, this Government, counting upon her po-
sition and power, can entertain no fear of all
the world beside. Traverse her twenty thou-
sand miles, from the Russian possessions around
the Isthmus of Darien, up the Gulf Stream to
the bold shores of the Granite State, which,
with the islands of the Gulf soon, 1 hope and
believe, will be added to the mighty nation
• to which they naturally belong; thence up to
where the Esquimaux roam and where we have
lately employed the protection of the mighty
walrus, on the strait which no hostile foot
will ever attempt to tread, around to where
the herring, the codfish, and the whale are
seeking to find a permanent refuge—but no
time which the eye of man shall ever see or
his imagination depict can ever screen them
from the hearty enterprise of this mighty em-
pire—and you have such a vast, impregnable,
and sea girt domain as the world never saw.
If anything more were wanting, more iron-
clads than all Europe could send to this dis-
tance could be brought into active operation
in any time necessary for the defense of the
nation.
Then take your route northward, from the
southern isthmus, and you cross every latitude
necessary for the production of all the indus-
trial products of civilization. No mineral, no
vegetable that ever God created for the wealth,
comfort, or ornament of man would be wanted.
Her southern climate, never more to be pol-
luted by the unholy and infamous institution
of slavery, bears upon every breeze the balmy
odors that delight the senses. Its soil is filled
with burning sapphire, its rivers run sands of
gold, while its more rugged parts bear quartz
equal to the fabled Ophir, and lodes of silver.
If its more northern climate is held in firm
delight by the hardy sons of " Greenland's Icy
Mountains," its moss-clad granite will always
be protected by the goddess of liberty. How
much better than the delicious isle over which
continually blow the soft breezes of spicy Cey-
lon, where
" Though every prospect pleases,
Only man is vile."
The ingenious artist of the gods, when pro-
cured by the mother of Achilles to_ engrave
coast surveys and geographical delineations
upon his .invincible shield, never depicted a
land so glorious and so variegated with gold
and silver and every precious metal, and so
bewitching to the senses with theodors of Godfs
happiest creations. Its enchanting products
grow in abundance on every inch of her varie-
gated soil; and, since the curse of slavery is re-
moved, if we do the justice which the Declara-
tion of Independence proposes, and we now
propose, will soon contain a greater abundance
of riches than either Europe, Asia, or Africa.
I now desire to indicate an amendment
which I propose to offer when in order. I
understand that this bill is not now in a con-
dition to be amended.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not now open
to amendment, the pending question being on
the motion to reconsider the vote by which it
was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. At the
proper time I shall move to amend the bill by
adding the following:
Andbe it further enacted, That every ma lc citizen
of the United States above the age of twenty-one
years, who was born or naturalized in the United
States, or who has declared his intention to become
naturalized, shall be entitled to vote on all national
questions which may arise in any State in the Union
where ho shall have resided for the terra of thirty
days; and no-distinction shall be made between any
such citizens on any account, except for treason,fel-
ony, or other infamous crimes, not below the grade
of felony at common law.
CHARLES W. DENIS0N, DECEASED.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has been re-
quested by the Pennsylvania delegation to
state that a resolution was adopted by this
House, on motion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, Mr. Randall, directing the Sergeant-
at-Arms to pay out of the contingent fund of
the House the funeral expenses of their late
colleague, Mr. Denison. The Sergeant-at-
Arms has nothing to do with the contingent
fund of the House. If no objection be made,
the resolution will be amended by inserting
the word "Clerk" in lieu of " Sergeant-at-
Arms."
No objection was made, and it was ordered
accordingly.
SOLOMON W. MURPIIY.
Mr. BURR asked and obtained unanimous
consent to withdraw from the files of the House
the papers in the case of Solomon W. Murphy,
leaving copies of the same on file.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. HAWKINS asked and obtained leave
of absence for Mr. Nuxn for ten days.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Mc-
Carthy for eight days.
ENROLLED HILL SIGNED.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly en-
rolled a bill (II. R. No. 331) to facilitate the
payment of soldiers' bounties under the act of
1866; wheu the Speaker signed the same.
STATE GOVERNMENTS REPUBLICAN IN FORM.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I now
yield the remainder of my time to the gentle-
man from Michigan, [Mr. Bkaman.]
Mr. BEAMAN. Mr. Speaker, if, as it
, has been asserted, history is continually repeat-
ing itself, it- is chiefly because the records of
former ages are not sufficiently studied and
properly heeded. If we would be guided by
the lessons taught by past events and give at-
tention to their warnings history would seldom
repeat itself, at least in its sad story of great
crimes and unnecessary human woe. Since
like causes are followed by like effects, a
knowledge of the past should enable us to
avert many of the calamities that have befallen
those who have gone before us. But we are
prone to bury the past or to remember it only
as the period of transactions in which we have
little concern. Nor is it only the acts of re-
mote ages over which we cast the_ vale of ob-
livion. To-day we forget the events of yes-
terday, though they may have been, laden with
private grief and national sorrow. Even now
we seem in some degree oblivious to the great
struggle through which we have just passed;
a struggle that caused streams of blood to run
down our hills and overflow our valleys. The
ink with which the great American civil war
was written is yet hardly dry. The pen that re-
corded its sickening details has but just been
laid aside. The events of the great rebellion
are of recent date, yet it would seem that we
are rapidly losing sight of the real character
of the struggle which convulsed a continent
and challenged the gaze of an astonished world.
We still have a recollection of opposing armies,
and we seem even now to listen to the linger-
ing echoes of booming artillery. We know
that there was a deadly contest in which hun-
dreds of thousands of brave men fell to rise
no more. We know that the life of the nation
was menaced by treasonable hands, and that
it was saved for the time being at great eostof
life and treasure. And yet it would sometimes
seem that these facts have found a lodgment
in our minds in great confusion. Indeed, if
we give attention to statements made by some
gentlemen on this floor, we may find ourselves
in doubt as to the identity of parties ; and we
may be led to inquire who it was that opposed
and who supported the Government in its late
struggle for life. It is now customary for cer-
tain gentlemen to denounce the party that put
down the rebellion as disunionists. The sol-
diers who exposed their lives on the field of
battle in defense of the Union are proclaimed
enemies of their country. Restraint imposed
upon rebels who still defy all lawful authority
is denominated tyranny. The demand for
security for future good conduct of men who
strove for four years by force of arms to
undermine the Government is declared to be a
denial of constitutional right.
Such are the denunciations made and reit-
erated by certain gentlemen with an assurance
and zeal allowable only to men who have per-
sistently and in good faith supported the Gov-
ernment in its hour of peril.
Mr. Speaker, I confess that the country is
in much disorder and in great peril. To-day
treason stalks abroad with arrogant mien.
To-day the same bitter hatred that incited
rebels to arms in 1861 exists against the Gov-
ernment. To-day there is treachery in high
places, and at this hour millions of men are
ready on the first faint glimmering of prob-
able success to raise their impious hands
against the national flag, though at this moment
they are rather intent to find an opportunity
to accomplish by stratagem what they failed
to do by arms. Ten communities, once States
of the Union, are without lawful State govern-
ments and bordering on anarchy. The nation
is in debt in the sum of over two billion five
hundred million dollars, and taxation is bur-
densome. The currency of the country is de-
preciated. Manufacturing interests are lan-
guishing, and laboring men find insufficient
employment. Such is undeniably the condi-
tion of the country. How this condition of
things was brought about I suppose we all
know; but if memory has been treacherous a
brief recurrence to the record of past events
will refresh our recollection.
In 1861 the people were divided into two
parties—the Democratic and the Republican
party. In that same year the former, or at
least a large portion of its members, rebelled
and waged war against the Government, re-
ceiving at the same time the active sympathy
of such of their brethren as continued to adhere
to that organization. Not a single Republican
was ever found bearing arms against the flag
of his fathers. This War, this Democratic war,
