4&8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 17,
Ho. of Reps.
American Citizens, dec.—Mr. Van WycJc.
40th Cong... .2d Sess.
session commenced. During all of this time
the honorable gentleman [Mr. Ashley] has
known that we were laboring for this bill; and
now, sir, he modestly comes here, at this late
day, at the very close of the session, and asks
that it be intrusted to his tender, fostering care,
that ho may strangle it. If the honorable
chairman of the Committee on the Territories
deemed it so important to the passage of this
bill that his eagle eye should scrutinize it, and
his great brain infuse the guarantees of " life,
liberty, and the pursuit of happiness" into it,
why did he not take it up in his committee
and report it to this House?
After spending eight long months here, dur-
ing which time he has not made an effort for
our relief, but, en the contrary, has persist-
ently refused to do so ; while thirty-five thou-
sand American citizens have been left in a
state of anarchy, with no laws for their govern-
ment except that which is administered by the
mob, and no punishment save at the end of
the halter, the gentleman comes in here and
asks the House of Representatives of the Amer-
ican Congress to allow him to subjugate the
whole population of this great territory to
mob law and violence for another year, or
until he can create a government for them
which shall suit his views.
For one, sir, I do not believe that this House
is prepared to sustain the honorable chairman
of the Committee on the Territories, but that it
will listen to and answer the prayers of these
people and afford them speedy relief, which
can only be done by passing this bill.
American Citizens—tlieir Rights Abroad;
their Buties at Home.
SPEECH OP HON. 0. H. VAN WYCK,
of new york,
In the House of Representatives,
July 17, 1868,
On the bill (II. It. No. 7GS) to protect the rights of
American citizens abroad.
Mr. VAN WYCIv. Onthe 19th day of June
last, I introduced the following resolution :
Whereas foreign nations should not be allowed to
raise the question whether American citizenship was
acquired by birth or adoption, the rights of citizen-
ship being the same to all citizens: and whereas this
Republic has pledged its faith to persons of all na-
tions that residence, renunciation of former alle-
gia.nce,°and compliance with our laws makes them
citizens here, and the honor of the nation is pledged
that such promises bo redeemed, no matter whence
came the citizen or however powerful the nation that
denies it; and whereas Great Britain has, in defiance
of the law of nations—a portion of her own liistuiy
and the results of the war of 1812—lately established
in her courts the dogma "once a subject always a
subject,'' and has in repeated instances refused to
recognize the rights of American citizens by denying
them tiie privilege of mixed juries, treating as sub-
jects of her realm many of our citizens who had
periled life in defense of this Government during the
war of the rebellion, in some oases airesting and
imprisoning for words spoken in this country: There-
tore.
lie it resolved. That the President of the United
States immediately demand from any foreign country
who may have imprisoned American citizens for
words spoken in this country, acknowledgment as
complete and ampleas was made by this Government
in the apology for tho arrest of Messrs. Mason and
biraeli; and if such apology be denied, hereportthe
tact to Congress for its action. Also, that he demand
reparation in all eases where American citizens have
been treated as subjects of a foreign Power; and that
to all such persons now imprisoned the rights herein
claimed shall be granted; and that he report to this
House what he has done, if anything, to secure such
rights anu redress the wrongs above set forth.
A question arising as to the treatment of
American citizens by Great Britain, in order to
ascertain tho precise facts, onthe 25th of June
I submitted another resolution :
fiesolvi-d, That the President of the United States
be requested to inform this House whether any Ameri-
can citizens have been arrested, tried eonvieted, or
imprisoned in Great Britain for words spoken and
acts done in this country; whether any American
citizens have been by :lreat Britain denied their
rights as such, orotheiwist; treated as English sub-
jects ; whether American eiticens Inyo been .denied
the privilege of mixed juries; whether American
citizens thus treated are now confined in English
prisons; and what he has done to secure the release
of any such persons, and why they have not been
released.
Although the information must be on the
files of the State Department, the questions
easy of answer, no reply has as yet been made.
However, every reader of current history
knows the present claims of Great Britain, of
perpetual allegiance, that the accident of birth
prevents a man from making any other the
home and country of his choice. Practically
with no other country in Europe is there neces-
sity for solution of this grave question, for
with no other is there a determination to ignore
the American doctrine. We are boasting that
treaties are about being made with the North
German States recognizing the right of expatri-
ation, but the North German States are not in
the daily habit of insulting us by arresting and
imprisoning our citizens.
Years ago Martin Kostza, a Hungarian, only
having declared his intention to become an
American citizen, while under the protection
of the American flag, was seized by Austria.
Captain Ingraham, though -a thousand miles
from home, with nothing of his country but
the deck on which he trod, the flag above and
the gallant men around him, demanded that
the haughty tyrant release Kostza, and unless
he was restored in the time limited the sound
of American cannon should reecho from the
shores of the Mediterranean. Marcy, then
Secretary of State, made haste to affirm the
action of Captain Ingraham, and the great
national heart, as if by electric impulse, sprang
forth to greet him as a hero and doubly rati-
fied the deed. Was it because Austria was
weak we compelled her to her duty ! Within
a few months Great Britain has seized over
three hundred American ci iizens, many of whom
had defended the flag when m peril, placed
them in dungeons, and at least a dozen are
pining in a long series of penal servitude in
defiance of our rights and contempt of our
power as a nation. The Administration looks
coldly on, and by its mere formal interference
acquiesces in the conduct of Great Britain.
Our citizens are subject to indignities such as
no other nation, however powerless, would
tolerate without at least a manly protest.
When the elder Adains was President, and
Rufus King minister at St. James, and Irish
patriots snch as Emmet desired passports, he
declined 011 the ground that America had
enough such republicans. For just such acts
the Federal party was hurled from power.
Another Administration no better than the old
Federal is now in place. The elder Adams is
in his grave, but the family representative and
the representative of federalism was minister
at England, and he was ready to fawn on roy-
alty and bend a supple knee to English dicta-
tion. He seemed to manifest no sympathy'for
the citizens of his country in prison. Many
of those three hundred have been released,
but upon conditions more humiliating than
imprisonment, that they would never again re-
turn to that country. While fresh from our
victory over the greatest rebellion the world
ever witnessed, boasting our power against a
world in arms, we concede an inability to pro-
tect our own citizens who have just come with
the smell of battle on their garments and the
scars of conflict on their persons. The repre-
sentatives of this great Government stand
trembling in presence of royalty, with hat in
hand, instead of knocking at the door of her
court and demanding, in the name of a free
people, that the sanctity of the American cit-
izen shall be respected. Is England so pow-
erful she shall not do what Austria did? Are
we so base that we demand from Austria what
we beg from England? Before Great Britain
would submit to such indignities her cannon
would echo from mountain peak to mountain
peak, until the circuit of the world would hear
its roar,
However she may treat her own subjects,
England stops not to count the cost when seek-
ing redress for injuries inflicted by other na-
tions upon them. Her citizens violate the laws
of Theodore, King of Abyssinia, are impris-
oned, and to relieve them an army marches
into his dominions, slays the King, destroys
his strongholds, and burns his capital, lest the
Abyssinians may do some other injury to her
subjects. England graciously assumes the
labor of ruling that country for the future.
For three hundred years the pretext of pro-
tecting her citizens has been more the reason
for trampling 011 weaker nations to punish and
subjugate them. So she did through tyranny
in India, opium in China, and poison in New-
Holland. When she plants her foot on a ter-
ritory she never leaves it. She makes her
depredations a right, her piracies a title. And
during all the three hundred years the in-
crease of her power, and the crimes she has
committed against the nations, much of what
she calls national glory has been upheld and
sustained by her army, a large portion of which
has been that very Irish population to whom
this day she denies the right of expatriation.
In her treatment of other nations England
has been a great freebooter, spurning the claims
of others which she demanded with an iron will.
We are to be restrained from exacting our
rights lest the great rover may consider it a
threat. England protects her citizens even in
questionable rights, the world over, and makes
it a pretext for extending her power and do-
minions, and shall we falter in demanding these
rights which are the life of this Republic,
without which we never could have existence
I or power among the nations ?
I We supposed this question had been settled
I with Great Britain in the war of 1812. Taking
men, though born in England, from American
vessels was no greater offense than immuring
in English dungeons American citizens born
in Ireland. But thegauntlet, though the bloody
one of war, was thrown down by England ;
we took it up, and upon the land and upon the
sea triumphed. Any other uation but England
would have recognized the result of that war.
Almost any Government but ours would have
insisted that England respect those victories.
Undoubtedly the British aristocracy do not
like the Irish people, as they do not us. I
mean the loyal portion of this Republic; for
the rebels they did have some bowels of com-
passion. They loaned money and took cotton
bonds as security; they built war vessels,
manned them with English sailors, equipped
them with English outfits, and let them forth
to drive our commerce from tho seas. They
built fast steamers, loaded them with neces-
saries, munitions of war, and then ran our
blockade. She furnished a home in England
for agents of the rebellion, and in Canada a
rendezvous for the bandit crew to organize
murder, arson, and scattering seeds of pesti-
lence within our borders. When the Trent was
boarded by Admiral Wilkes and the brace of
traitors, Mason and Siidell, were arrested to
answer the violated laws ot their country, she
made haste to demand restoration 01' their
bodies and ample apology for the contempt
we had shown to the offended sovereignty of
Great Britain. Yet she must be allowed more
zeal for American criminals than we can man-
ifest for American citizens.
W hen we speak of England in this connection
we reier to her ruling classes, to her ui istuc-
racy, to those who claim that they are booted
and spurred and have a hereditary right to
govern. We are to-day proud of English his-
tory, proud of tho occasional triumphs of her
steady yeomanry from the time when the Roman
conqueror first planted the eagle of Italy 011 the
rocks of Great Britain and returned to tell of a
stony island in the ocean and of the rugg&l
barbarians who dwelt in its glens and liunu-d
on its cliffs. Many a time were English tyrants
compelled to bow before the indignant Briton.
