1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I960
brought upon the country all the ills with "which
it is now afflicted. It created a debt of gigantic
proportions incurred in the defense of the lib-
erties of the people against the assaults of Dem-
ocrats. It caused an increase of officers, a
multiplication of expenses to an alarming ex-
tent, so that in order to pay the interest upon
the public debt and the current expenditures
of the Government taxation must be onerous.
This state of things was inevitable in conse-
quence of the course pursued by the Demo-
cratic party. It was not enough to sacrifice
the lives of hundreds of thousands of patriotic
men ; it required an accumulation of indebted-
ness which cannot be paid without taxation,
and our people will never consent to a breach
of the public faith. This Democratic war with-
drew from industrial pursuits more than two
million men, who, or the survivors of whom,
on their return from fields of gallant deeds,
found business affairs deranged and no places
open for their employment. This Democratic
war segregated eleven States of the Union, ar-
rayed them against the Constitution, destroyed
their respectivegovernments, and reduced their
people to a state of anarchy. Let me recapitu-
late: We had a war—a Democratic war. We
have a national debt—a Democratic debt. We
have burdensome taxation, made necessary by
Democratic treason. We keep up a standing
army in order to keep Democratic treason
down. We have ten communities once States
—Democratic communities—depriyed of State
governments by Democratic bayonets and pre-
vented from restoration by Democratic treason,
Democratic counsel, and Democratic obsti-
nacy. Yet, with all these familiar facts before
us, we are told that if the country is ever re-
stored to peace and prosperity, that end must
and will be accomplished by the Democratic
party. That is to say, the agent that destroyed
can alone rebuild.
This assertion is made, I suppose, under the
impression that the hair of the same dog will
heal the wound. Indeed, a distinguished gen-
tleman on this floor has given notice in advance
that the Democratic party is about to take the
controlofthe Government, and he has informed
us that that important event will be followed
by an immediate repeal of all the legislation
thus far had bearing upon the subject of re-
construction. But, Mr. Speaker, I have very
little apprehension that the dreams of that
gentleman will ever be realized. I hope the
day is far distant, if that day shall ever dawn,
in which the present Democratic party will
get control of this Government. If, according
to the theory of Yico, history revolves in cy-
cles, we can hardly expect it to accomplish its
revolution in our time, so as to repeat the story
of. the late rebellion. This people, with its
terrible experience, is not likely again *to put
the dearest interests of themselves and their
posterity into the custody of men who so wick-
edly betrayed their trust. These Democrats
may cover themselves with lion skins from
head to foot, but the attempted disguise will
avail them nothing. Their words and deeds
have passed into history, and so long as the
Chicago convention of 18G4 is remembered so
long their true character will be known. So
long as the declaration made by that conven-
tion that "justice, liberty, humanity, and the
public welfare demand that immediate efforts
be made for a cessation of hostilities" is re-
membered it will be useless for them to pretend
that they rendered efficient aid in the crushing
out of rebellion.
On the Republican party, then, is devolved
the duty of restoring the Government and plac-
ing" it upon a permanent foundation—a duty
that woult have been fully performed long be-
fore this time but for the defection of a treach-
erous Executive and the resistance of rebel
sympathizers. This task of reconstruction is
necessarily involved in difficulty, and the work
has been constantly impeded by demagogues,
by the use ef all the arts of sophistry and mis-
representation, and by executive interference
carried to the extent of usurpation. The sur-
render of the armies of Lee and Johnston left
VS
40tii Cong. 2d —No. 124.
the seceded States without any civil govern-
ment whatever. Even the rebel de facto or-
ganizations were swept away. Millions of men
with inflamed passions and bloody hands, dis-
appointed, chagrined, and embittered, were
scattered over a vast area of territory, without
law, without order, and without respect for
personal rights. Mr. Lincoln, in whom the
people had confidence, in the moment of the
nation's victory was stricken down, and was
succeeded by a man who had made some sac-
rifices for the country, but more professions of
zeal than sacrifices. He commenced his Ad-
ministration by an enunciation of his policy in
words that gave hope and encouragement to
the people. For several days after his succes-
sion he was visited by delegations and distin-
guished men from the different States, who as-
sured him of the cordial support of the people ;
and during that period the telegraphic wires
were occupied in sending over the country his
brave and patriotic responses. The people, at
first distrustful and despondent, at length be-
came reassured.
But Congress, in whom alone resides the
power to organize governments, was not con-
vened. At length the President began to ex-
ercise powers of doubtful authority, creating
uneasiness in the public mind-jjibut this was
relieved from time to time by assurances that
the President was making experiments, and
that all his proceedings would be submitted to
the judgment and approval of Congress. But
on the first Monday in December that body
assembled, and the first annual message of the
President exposed to the eyes of the people
the true condition of aftiiirs. He had hatched
out a brood of bogus governments, and he in-
formed us that the States were already recon-
structed and entitled to representation and to
all the constitutional rights of the loyal States
of the Union.
And here begins the congressional policy of
reconstruction. Congress looked over the
country and saw in the seceded States rebellion
still rampant. The officers of these bogus
governments were leading rebels.
Even the vice president of the defunct con-
federate government was reported a Senator-
elect. Most of the loyal men theretofore hold-
ing appointments in those States were re-
moved and traitors put in their places. Loyal
white men had been put under the ban, and
loyal blacks were protected in neither life
nor liberty nor property. A sentiment of
loyalty that had begun to spring up was sud-
denly extinguished. Those Johnson-presi-
dential governments could not for one moment
be recognized without an utter abandonment
of every principle for which we had contended
and utter ruin to every loyal man in those
regions. They were simply rebel organiza-
tions, intent on a course of tyranny moi-e terri-
ble than that which prevailed before the war.
They assumed to be the injured parties and
claimed rights under the Constitution as though
they had not contemned and violated every
paragraph of that instrument. Beaten and
dispersed in the field they assumed the words
and style of conquerors. Instead of " accept-
ing the situation" they assumed to dictate
terms of settlement. So far as mere words
and mien are concerned some allowance might
have been made in consideration of the'irri-
tation naturally growing out of disappoint-
ment and humiliation, but they inaugurated a
reign of cruelty, rapine, and_ murder without
parallel in the history of civilization.
And now what did Congress do or attempt
to do? But first as to what they did not do.
They did not confiscate the property of the
leading rebels, as in justice they might have
done. They did not hang nor banish those
rebels from the country. They did not even
attempt to disfranchise the great mass of the
white traitors who had borne arms against the
Government. Nor, as they ought to have done,
did they enfranchise the loyal blacks who had,
at all times and in all places and under all cir-
cumstances, been as faithful and loyal to the
Government as the mother is to the welfare of
her first-born child. But if the policy of Con-
gress was faulty, it was so chiefly by reason of
its leniency. It was inagurated 111 the first ses-
sion of the Thirty-Ninth Congress by the sub-
mission by joint resolution of an amendment
to the Constitution to be voted ojjon by the
State Legislatures, known as the fourteenth
article. The principal features of that amend-
ment are as follows, first:
"All persons born or naturalized in-the United
States and subject to the jurisdietiori thereof sire
citizens of the united States and of the State.wherein
they reside."
Second:
"Representation shall be apportioned among the
several States according to their respective numbers,
counting the whole number of personam each State,
excluding Indiansnot taxed. But when the right to
vote at any election for the choice of electors of Pres-
ident and Vice President of the United States, Rep-
resentatives in Congress, the executive and judicial
officers of a State, or the members of the Legislature
thereof, is denied to any of the male inhabitants of
such State being above twenty-one years of age and
citizens of the United States, or in any way abridged,
except for participation in rebellion or other crime,
the basis of representation therein shall be reduee'd
in proportion in which the number of suoh male citi-
zens shall bear to the whole number of citizens
twenty-one years of age in such State."
Third, the amendment excludes from hold-
ing civil or military offices under the United
States or under any State those—
"Who having previously taken an oath /is a mem-
ber of Congress or as ah officer of ihe United States
or as a member of any State Legislature or fus an
executive or judicial officer of any State to ; support
the Constitution of theUnited-SUtes, shaUhavebeen
engajedin insurrection or rebellion against the same,
or given aid and comfort to the enemies thereof. But
Congress may by a vote of two thirds of each House
remove such disability,"
Fourth, the amendment also establishes the
validity of the public debt, prohibits the pay-
ment of the rebel debt, as also the payment of
any losses by the emancipation of slaves.
Mr. Speaker, I grant that this proposition
was not entirely fair, just, and reasonable, be-
cause it did not protect the great mass of the
loyal men in the rebel States. It did not, in
terms, give to the loyal blacks, who had borne
arms under the flag of the nation, a.voice in
its government; but it did authorize the reb-
els to exclude them from the right of suffrage.
It excluded but a comparatively small number
of white rebels from holding office and none
of them from the elective franchise, and, by the
very terms of the amendment, the disability to
hold office might be removed by a two-thirds
vote of each House. It left it entirely in the
power of those white rebels to say whether or
not the negro is a man and entitled to use the
ballot, subject only to the condition that if
they should decide adversely he should not be
represented. I do not ask what could be more
just and reasonable, because I know that it
was neither fair, just, nor reasonable that a
wicked rebel should dispose of the political
rights of a loyal black man. But I may ask
what proposition could be mote lenient, more
indulgent, more merciful to men who have
committed the highest crime known to our
laws, and whose necks were fit subjects for tha
halter? Yet all these rebel communities .save
one—the State of Tennessee—rejected the
proposition with scorn and contempt, hoping,
with the aid of their new ally, Andrew John-
son, to force themselves into power without con-
ditions, let, or hinderance. Thus, by the obsti-
nacy of these misguided men, Congress has
been induced, if not compelled, to perform an
act of tardy justice. The refusal of the rebels
to accept of the proposed amendment induced
further legislation, which resulted in the sev-
eral reconstruction acts providing for the or-
ganization of the governments by loyal men
without regard to racc or color. Now, if there
is any injustice in recognizing the manhood of
the negro—which I deny—the wrong rests upon
the head of the unrepentant rebel. He would
have it so. The States must be reorganized,
the rebels resisted, and if to that eud it be-
came indispensable the black man had to be
used.
It is said that this is a white man's Govern-
ment, but I insist that it should be a loyal
man's Government. This country is the gift
