1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
469
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
American Citizens, dcc.—Mr. Van Wyck.
Ho. op Reps.
The pride of the Norman princes was humbled
when upon King John the assembled barons
imposed Magna Vharta. The nation was
avenged for the insolence and tyranny of the
Tudors when a haughty line of monarehs went
down in blood and the scepter was grasped by
Cromwell. For centuries her struggling masses
have been ridden by the few; now and then
rising in the majesty of their power they have
dashed their riders in the dust. Her middle
classcs sympathized with us in our contest, for
in our success was foreshadowed their deliver-
ance. For centuries the party of freedom,
against great odds, have struggled long and
patiently, gaining by slow degtees, rescuing
little by little something of human rights from
the grasp of the oppressor. Long has landed
aristocracy held a vice-like grasp. The people
were forbearing and forgiving. The corn laws,
oppressing so many, were submitted to until to
the sense of injustice the dread of starvation
was added, and England's nobility were saved
by consenting to blot out the infamous code.
Of the struggle of England, poor and op-
pressed for centuries, we are proud. All of
her history and liberty that are valuable have
been earned by them ; each victory over wrong
widened the plane of vision and gave hope of
greater benefits. Liberalism obtained Magna
Charta, and the centuries between her achieved
liberties based on that victory, until the exer-
tions of their immediate successions have cul-
minated in the triumphs of the same class hated
byjBrightand Gladstone. To-day liberty-loving
Englishmen, like Bright and Gladstone, ac-
knowledge the hardship while they advocate
the rights of Irishmen. We only arraign that
portion of England which is in sympathy with
oppression and wrong—that portion like unto
Dickens, who had not one word of sympathy
during our struggle, whose influence and assist-
ance were against us ; yet after rebellion had
proved a failure, and Americans were frantic
m an endeavor to dine and wine him, enter-
tained them with the cheap declaration that
next to their own flag they loved that of the
United States, passing by entirely the love they
had for the stars and bars. English aristoc-
racy, which has always opposed us, to-day are
denying the right of expatriation. Our national
life depends on the recognition of this doc-
trine. We invite population from all nations
of the earth, throw open pur doors, give a
farm of one hundred and sixty acres to who-
ever will come and occupy the land, expect
them to be citizens in peace and soldiers in war;
yet conceding we have not power to^ protect
them in their chosen and cherished nationality,
that il they desire to revisit the home and graves
of their fathers, or business draws them thither,
the dogma of perpetual allegiance enables the
discarded Government to seize the person
and compel allegiance by serving in their armies
and navies.
Should war ensue between this country and
Great Britain every naturalized citizen from
England, Ireland, and Scotland who served in
our aunies would do so at the peril, if cap-
tured as a prisoner, of being tried and IJun-
ished as a traitor against Great Britain. The
proposition needs no argument. Its vital im-
portance is evidenced by the mere statement,
and the criminal neglect of a Government that
would not demand it, as a Chicago platform
says, "at all hazards," is open to the scorn
of the world. When President Johnson was
asked to secure the release of American cit-
izens he asks for additional legislation. The
Democratic party boasted the control of this
Government for half a century, yet they failed
to incorporate any such legislation on the
statute-book. The law of nations gives author-
ity necessary to save the nation s life and to
defend its citizens. The Chicago platform
pledges the party to the doctrine. The House
of Representatives, by an almost unanimous
vote, passed the bill providing for its enforce-
ment, yet the Senate stand halting, fearing the
English lion may roar and shake its bloody
mane at us if we dare declare what rights be-
long to American citizenship and how far the
world must respect them.
England, true to her many inconsistencies,
has acknowledged the right of expatriation,
which is a necessary consequence of emigra-
tion. Old Pharaoh undertook to deny to the
Israelites the privilege to emigrate from Egypt,
but he fared badly in the attempt. Greece and
Rome acknowledged the right. Systems of
naturalization prevailed with them. Cicero
says:
"0 glorious right 1 by which no man can bo a citi-
zen of more than one Commonwealth; by which no
man can bo compelled to leave it against his will, nor
remain in it against; his inclination."
All writers on natural law admit that expat-
riation is a natural right, and may be exercised
when it is not forbidden by law. In England
there was never such a law.
In the year 1803 a society in Scotland pro-
cured from Parliament an act the object of
which was declared to be to prevent the hard-
ships and abuses to which the Highland emi-
grant was exposed—an act regulating, not i e-
straining, emigration. The real object of this
law, according to Lord Selkirk, was to dis-
courage emigration ; still, here was a sanction
of the British Parliament. At an early period
it adopted the idea that it was lawful to throw
off allegiance, as appears by statute of 14 and
lo Henry VIII, passed in the year 1522, enti-
tled "What customs and impositions English-
men sworn to foreign princes shall pay." It
also allowed foreigners to bo citizens by a law
passed in 13 of George II:
" Foreign seamen, whoshall have served two years
in a ship-of-war, arc ipw facto naturalized British
subjects. Other classes are by different statutes nat-
uralized to all intents and purposes as if they had
been born British subjects."
In the time of Queen Anne a law was passed
naturalizing all foreign Protestants. This law
was repealed because it was found to be inex-
pedient, and not from any doubt of the power
or right of the Government on the subject of
naturalization. The statute of 13 George II is
confirmed by 20 George III, chapter 20, sec-
tion second :
" From and after the 1st day of January, 173G,
mariners who shall have served for the space of two
years on board of any of his majesty's sbips-of-
war, merchant or trading vessels, shad to all intents
and purposes be deemed and taken to be natural-
born subjects of his majesty's kingdom of Great
Britain."
Thus the British doctrine of perpetual alle-
giance is contradicted by the British practice
of naturalization. English decisions, like Eng-
lish statutes, have made shipwreck of their
own dogma.
The theory of perpetual allegiance grew out
of the feudal system when fealty was due from
the subject; as tenant came from tenure and
not from birth, lands were held on condition
of military service; why retain one of the
incidents of this system when the system itself
has perished ?
In discussing the question we of necessity
antagonize England, and are defending neces-
sarily the rights among others of naturalized
citizens from Ireland. Yet they are our own
rights. Without their acknowledgment our
boast as a ltepublic is gone ; and of what value
can it be to sayl, too, ain an American citizen?
It is a matter of regret that many of our people
say Irishmen are against universal liberty and
free suffrage. Their sympathies in this coun-
try are with the conservative party, which has
the sympathy of their conservative oppressors
at home. It is also to be regretted that there
is too much truth for such sentimeut. It seems
almost incredible that any foreigner whose neck
has been chafed by the yoke of oppression
should aid a party who denies the right of lib-
erty to all men. In other countries men are
treated as slaves, denied the rights of citizen-
ship, who are white. In England and Ireland
the white man is kept a hewer of wood and
drawer of water with the same indifference the
black man was here. The argument is the
same, that all men arc not fit to be free and
should not exercise the elective franchise.
The man who has felt the yoke of bondage, and
then wants to keep any portion of the human
family, no matter the color of the skin, in
slavery, does not desire himself to be free.
The meanness of caste in this country on
account of color is no more wicked than the
caste of nation, religion, or blood in Great Brit-
ain. Conservatives here talk of a white man's
government; in Great Britain only a certain
kind of white man's blood is entitled to con-
sideration. One claim is equally as valid as
the other. The only hope for the world is in
liberty for all men, and until that thought is
crystalized into warm, zealous action by all
lovers of liberty there will be little of advance-
ment for the oppressed. Restrict freedom to
color, caste, and blood and you are turning
back the hands on the dial of freedom. You
aie not ushering the world from the eclipse of
ages of oppression, and for fear the unfortunate
black man should be free you would turn upon
the oppressed white man centuries more of
burden. It may be natural for Irishmen to
be Democrats. It is a tradition of his nation.
He remembers the injustice of the administra-
tion of Adams, and that Jefferson, the father
of Democracy, opened his heart and this nation
as a refuge, that Jackson, himself an Irishman,
was in sympathy with his fatherland. But De-
mocracy then was not a conservative party.
J efferson and Jackson were radicals in those
days ; the vitality of" Democratic principles was
stilled when the old party came under the con-
trol as it did of the bidding of slave lords of the
South, and was sought to be made the stalking
horse to carry slavery throughout the licpublic.
I ask an Irishman how much the conservative
Democrat in this country would regard him
were it not lor the ballot he wields, and while
he is chaffering about the right of the negro let
him ask himself the question, what would be
his chance for protection in the country at the
hands of conservatives without if? They would
damn him with the same unction they do the
negro. Have they forgotten even what they
suffered a few years ago at the hands of mobs,
who burned churches and convents, and also
a few years later through Know-Nothing coun-
cils awakened national prejudices and reli-
gious hates. Yet to-day a large portion of the
Irish .are under the leadership of the Brookses
and the class of men whose influence was to
burn churches and "to put none but Ameri-
cans on guard." The same men who awoke
the spirit of violence to burn your churches
aroused the hellish spirit of hate in the breasts
of some of your people in an infamous riot in
New York city to bum orphan asylums and
murder women and children because they were
black. Your churches were burned yet you
were white. Was the crime any less than the
other, when a mob destroyed asylums and
murdered because the occupants were black?
You want Ireland free; it never will bo until
you love liberty lor-liberty's sake and believe
in it enough that you desire men of all castes,
religion, and colors shall enjoy it. Then the
deliverance of your fatherland will be nigh.
You are now only used as a tail to fly the
Democratic kite; not so much to be censured
as men like Brooks and Seymour, who seek to
curtail liberty because they are opposed to its
extension, whether to the children of Africa,
Erin, or Crete. Strange that the Democratic
party has infused its hatred into the Irish mind,
for the Catholic church is the most liberal to
the African of all religious denominations. Ihe
great O'Connell, whose heart was the home of
Irish joys and Irish sorrows, the ocean of whose
philanthropy knew no shore, despised slavery,
and would not receive as a gift money iroia
unrequited toil. With prophetic vision he
said:
" 1 pray God that you may do away with tliit, dread-
