1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40X7
tax bonds is unquestioned. The acts of Con-
gress only prohibited taxation by or under
State authority. We have taxed the income
from bonds for the last six years, and if we
have no right to do so that tax ought to be
refunded. We are proposing no new principle
by taxing incomes unequally.
The first year of internal revenue taxation
incomes from Government bonds were taxed
one and one half per cent., while incomes from
other sonrces were taxed three per cent. Sub-
sequently incomes under $5,000 were taxed
five per cent, while incomes above $5,000 were
taxed ten per cent., which is the amount fixed
in this bill to tax interest on these bonds, and
which is, in my judgment, rather below than
above the amount we ought to impose.
All our taxes have been laid unequally, and
with regard to whether the commodity to be
taxed was an article of luxury or necessity,
and in proportion to its supposed ability to
bear taxation. We have taxed shoes and leather
two per cent., woolen fabrics two and one half
per cent., paper three per cent., cotton manu-
factures five per cent., and whisky five hun-
dred per cent. Congress having the right to
tax, it is confined by no limits but such as jus-
tice, expediency, and necessity impose.
Justice requires that the present bonds should
be taxed that the burdens upon property may
be equalized, or that a new bond should be
immediately issued bearing a low rate of inter-
est to reduce the expenses of the Government.
A now bond will not be easily put upon the
market. Persons who get six per cent, in gold
will not take less willingly. Those who have
fastened themselves upon the revenues of the
country and are sucking its life-blood will not
release their grasp unless enticed to by the
same measures which were taken to entice
State banks out of existence to make way for
national banks. Expediency requires that
exemption from taxation, which has already
caused discontent and dissatisfaction and raised
the banner of repudiation shall no longer con-
tinue. But few comparatively would repudiate,
yet the fact that some propose it had better be
heeded in season. We must bear in mind that
to those discontented we must add those why
were engaged in the rebellion, who will never
willingly pay for being whipped. Their allies
in sympathy will pay, if at all, grudgingly.
The interests of bondholders require that
bonds should bear just taxation, and an over-
taxed people require it.
I notice that the press, who are par excellence
the defenders of the bond interest, are free
to denounce all who would tax bonds as repu-
diators. They raise the idiotic cry if you
have the power and right to tax ten per cent,
you have a right to tax fifty or a hundred per
cent.; granted. But does it follow that because
you have the power to do an unjust thing that
you will therefore do it? We taxed all manu-
factures five per cent. We had a right to do
it. Did it therefore follow that we should tax
them one hundred per cent, instead of remov-
ing it altogether, as we did when it became
oppressive V Am I to be branded as a repu-
diator because i am tired of seeing the sous
of toil bending their backs to the sun and their
faces to the earth, building highways and keep-
ing them in repair, and may only lookup to see
their bondholding neighbor ioil by in his
coach and exempt from that burden ? Am I
to be branded as a repudiator because I am
unwilling to see the poor mail's children kept
in ignorance and at toil to build school-houses
and provide schools for the bondholder's ehil-
dien, while he makes no contribution to that
object? And worse than that, to pay the police-
man who stands guard over the bondholder's
safe, while I have a right to tax him, and am
following established precedents by doing it.
The whole debtor community have bad one
third added to their interest by exemption
from taxation, and high rates of intereston
bonds. It has also vastly increased taxation
by the high rates of interest States, counties,
and towns have to pay on their indebtedness.
If we fail to tax bonds others will take our
40tu Cono. 2I> SES5.-—NO. 252.
places to do it, or to repudiate. Bondholders
are interested to the amount of their bonds in
defeating repudiation. It is therefore for their
interests to have the bonds taxed to remove
discontent and dissatisfied agitation, and many
of the heaviest bondholders in my district have
urged upon me the justice and necessity of
their taxation.
Taxing in the form presented in the resolu-
tion is in accordance with the precedents both
here and abroad, and the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Cobb] had hardly introduced his
resolution when the ocean wires flashed to us
the information that the debtor nations ol
Europe were taxing the interest on their debt
in the same manner as he proposed, only at a
much higher rate. By taxing in this form
now much clamor and agitation of the subject
will be removed from the presidential contest,
and the necessity of a new loan rendered less
imperative during that contest. A new loan
involves delay—involves undiminished burdens
during that delay—involves the question of
paying bonds in coin or paper, and the expense
of negotiation; all of which will be better
matured and considered after than during a
presidential contest.
The bugbear that foreigners will send back
their bonds which pay theui five per cent, or
more, while the rates of interest, according to
the tables of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield,] are two per cent, in London, one
and one half per cent, in Paris, three per cent,
in Berlin, two and one half per cent, in Frank-
fort, three per cent, in Amsterdam, and two
per cent, in Hamburg, may frighten the gentle-
man from Maine, [Air. Blaixe,] who presented
it; but it ought not to prevent the House from
doing an act of justice in providing additional
revenue from a source better able to bear tax-
ation than any other.
If these bonds come back it is so much the
belter. It will check importations and give
additional employment to our own labor. T hey
ought never to have gone abroad, and did not
to any extent until the war was over. We
have received in exchange for them imported
luxuries which our people had been better
without, and which have tended to depress
our labor while being taxed to pay interest
abroad.
Tax these bonds as they should be, and the
rates of interest paid by States, municipalities,
and individuals will be lessened, and all State
and local taxation will be lessened. If it is
not dotfe labor and business must continue to
sink and stagger under the enormous load until
the evil coriects itself by business reverses and
financial disaster, strewing their_ wrecks oil
every hand. Then by leaving capital idle and
labor unemployed the paymeut of the debt,
otherwise certain, will be subject to doubt.
Mr. J CJLIAN spoke on the policy of land
bounties and in defense ot' the existing home-
stead system. [His remarks will be published
in the Appendix.]
Mr. ARCHER. Mr. Chairman, when the
civil war between the Northand South termin-
ated. chaos ruled supreme in the latter. State
governments there were literally "without
form and void," if those States were to be
regarded as subjugated territory, and not a
parcel of our common country existing under
and by virtue of our Constitution. That they
weie a part aud parcel of that country, and
that they did exist under that Constitution, had
never been denied by any one of the three
coordinate branches of the Federal Govern-
ment. Congress, the Supreme Court, and the
Executive had, time and again, by resolutions,
decisions, and proclamations, asserted and jj
reasserted that they were within the Lnioii ot |i
the States and must then remain as States. It |
was in pursuance of this doctrine that Presi- jj
dent Johnson, soon after his accession to the <'
Presidency, proceeded to restore order where
i this chaos reigned, by reacknowledging the
I rights of the States. Occupyingthe position of :
i Commander-in-Chief oftliearmies, and martial J
| law still prevailing, he spoke to those States jj
! as Commander-in-Chief when he said to them
that slavery had ceased to exist in fact; but he
at the same time showed the necessity of action
on the part of the States themselves before it
could legally cease to exist. His democratic
training had instilled this doctrine of the rights
of the States firmly into his mind—rights of
the States, I mean, under the Constitution and
within the Union.
The southern people, acknowledging the
results of the war and wearied with its fearful
carnage, appalled by their desolated homes
and threatened with starvation, hastened to
avail themselves of the opportunity to return
to their allegiance—not sullenly, but cheer-
fully ; so cheerfully that northern people and
northern capital flowed into their midst and
were welcomed warmly. Peace and quiet
reigned supreme where a few months before
the dreadful carnage of war had prevailed.
This peace and this tranquillity proved the
humanity, patriotism, and statesmanship of
Andrew Johnson. A man of the people, he
knew their wants ; a lover of the Constitution,
he knew that adherence to its principles would
accomplish the desired end. Would to God
that his humane, patriotic, and statesmanlike
plan had been adhered to, and that this poor,
bleeding country, North and South, had been
allowed to return to the old fraternal feeling.
Would to God thatthe same chivalrous feeling
which, on the termination of the war, animated
the soldiers who had fought on both sides, had
animated our law-givers. Had it been so, we
should then have challenged the admiration of
the civilized world, and the people of this great
Kepublic would have been spared an untold
amount of suffering.
No one doubts that it was the desire of
President Johnson that the war should so term-
inate. No one doubts that it was the desire
ot those patriotic Republicans who joined the
great Conservative party of the country that
the war should so terminate. No one doubts
that it was the desire of the great Democratic
party that the war should so terminate. No
one will doubt, in next November, that the
great masses of the people of this country
desire that it shall so terminate.
Who, then, prevented the consummation of
this desirable end? I do not hesitate to say
the Radical part of the Republican party. And
for what purpose was this interference? Sim-
ply to retain in their grasp the power and
patronage of the Government by the enfran-
chisement of an ignorant and degraded race.
By the elevation of this race to the elective
franchise all obstacles were to be swept from
their way to power. The plan, revolutionary
as it was, was to be carried out to the desired
consummation let the consequences be what
they might. If a twinge of conscience stole in
the soul of one of their number who still
retained a vestage of love for the old land-
marks of liberty, he was to be upbraided with a
taunt that he had " splinters from the ghost of
the old Constitution sticking in his kidney."
If a general of the Army, like the gallant
Hancock, asserted the cardinal doctrine of a
free Republic, that the military should be
subservient to the civil authorities in times of
pcace, or that the writ of habeas corpus should
be respected, he was to be dropped from the
Army roll by the passage of a law over the
President's veto. If the Supreme Court dare
intimate its intention of maintaining its proper
dignity by considering the constitutionality of
one of their laws, then special legislation was
to be resorted to for the pupose of depriving
that court of its jurisdiction. If the Presideut
asserted his constitutional prerogative, he, too,
was to be assailed and hurled from his place,
to make way for some supple tool who would
bow the pliant knee to their tyranny.
In this contest for power the Republican
party resembles in their recklessness Samp-
son of old when led into the temple of the
Philistines. He, bliud with fury and hate
against the surrounding masses, whoscoffingly
looked upon him and upbraided him for the
loss of power and strength which lnsown folly
had destroyed, stood between the mighty pit-
