1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
blessings of liberty to oorselves and our posterity. do
ordain and establish this Constitution for the United
Slates of America." I
To that end they said that Congress could
declare war; to that end they said that the
United States shall guaranty to every State a
republican government: to that end they said
that Congress had the power to suppress insur-
rection ; to that end they clothed Congress with
the power to provide for the common defense
and the general welfare; to that end they
clothed Congress with the right to levy taxes,
with the right to make roles and regulations for
the government of the land and naval forces;
with the right to control in fact the whole purse
and the whole sword of the nation. And when,
sir, the great objects of the Constitution are
assailed, when the great cause of liberty is in
jeopardy, when there is danger that the nation
will be destroyed, no combination of men hos-
tile to the Government can by any machinery
defeat the execution of this great doty and^>y
technicalities cheat us out of our national
salvation.
Sir, the President has refused to execute the
Jaw. It is said that we cannot impeach him,
and that if we do impeach hira we cannot sus-
pend him from office until he is tried. This
being the case, if he refuses to execute whole-
some laws which we-enact what is our remedy ?
If we cannot find an Executive that will carry
out our laws what can we do? Shall we sur-
render the country to destruction? Oh, no.
We must find some other agent. We are clothed
with a great and responsible trust, involvingthe
salvation of the nation. We are clothed with
the prerogative of preserving this nation at all
hazards and under all circumstances. If the
Executive is false; if the people in certain sec-
tions are disorderly and treasonable, forming
combinations to overthrow the Goverment; if
we find that a great party in the South is leagued
with a great party in the North, embracing
many men acting under the dictates of an
honest judgment, perhaps, but still whether in-
tending it or not, supporting, through devotion
to party, measures calculated to Override jus-
tiee, crush out loyalty, and elevate traitors to
power—in such an emergency as this it be-
comes the duty of Congress fearlessly and
nobly to take the responsibility and to find an
■gent that tritt ex*ecute its will.
We must not trifle with this question. There
it too much at stake. If we dt  not find author-
ity in the letter of the Constitution we must
find it in the fact that the public liberty is in
danger and the national life in jeopardy. We
Must act open tbe same principle on which we
tear down a building to save'a city when a fire
is raging: upon the same principle on which
we throw overboard a portion of the ship's
cargo in order that the residue may ride safely
through the storm ; upon the same principle
on which the commander of a ship in an hour
of extreme peril has a right to enforce obedi-
ence to his commands even by taking the life
of some of the disobedient. The dyty rests
up<>n Congress ; and Congress is the exclusive
judge of the emergency, subject only to the
superior authority of the people. If we find
there is such ft state of public peril as requires
the exercise of this great power, we can say
to the Executive, "Stand back; we will not
clothe you with the power of executing this
law; we will find a man who is a proper, an
honest, a true man, an earnest man, who has
fought in the conflict and who has shown his
faith by his works. We will charge him with
this great duty, and under his lead we will
march to success.
Do not tell me that the people of the United
States will not indorse such a movement. Sir,
we have trifled too long with the people of this
country; we have waited too long on this
precipice; we have listened too long to the
clamor of these disturbing elements North and
Soath. We must go on, sir, to the perform-
ance of ojir high duty; we must reconstruct
the South upon the great, immutable principles
of justice; we must, elevate the loyal men and
place them in a position at least equal with these
traitors : we must lighten the burdens of the
people financially, and in every other way lift
them up from the despondency and gloom
into which they have fallen. Sir, with this
purpose in view, earnest, faithful, unterrified
by clamor, we can endure any sort of denun-
ciation and abuse. We can submit to denun-
ciation from all those interested in the over-
throw of those principles upon which alone
this Government can be restored, and among
them I am sorry to say is the Democratic party
itself. We can endure all this; we can pre-
serve our self-respect, do our doty to the Gov-
ernment and the people, and I believe we shall
be sustained by the people as we will be by our
own convictions of right.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, 1 have lost
very much of the desire I had at the beginning
of this discussion to speak on this question,
from the fact that my friends from Indiana
[Mr. Kerr] and from Illinois [Mr. Bruti]
have very ably cpvered pretty much of the
ground I intended to occupy. But, sir, I can-
not look upon this measure in the light of re-
cent events without serious apprehension and
alarm. I have watched one after the other
of these so-called reconstruction measures as
they have come from the committee, mis-
called the reconstruction committee with the
hope that each one might prescribe or point
out to the country and to the oppressed people
of the southern States a platform upon which
they might be permitted to assume their rights,
duties, and obligations under the Constitu-
tion. But, sir, notwithstanding that commit-
tee and those in accord with it have brought
ns four different bills on this subject, they have
never yet dared to commit themselves to any
Elan to lay down anything like a finality. They
ave, in fact, at no time had any defined or set-
tled policy. They differ with the President,
they complain of him that he has had a policy,
and they nave claimed for themselves the vir-
tue of opposing the President; but they have
never yet darercf'to proclaim to the country or
to the southern States any policy or plan by
which they may be restored to the Union and
exercise the rights of citizens under the Con-
stitution.
And now, sir, comes this measure which
words would fail me to denounce in fall accord
with the emotions and feelings it has inspired.
But every new bill on this subject has some
new enormity, and, if possible, is a wider de-
parture from the Government of our fathers,
and is in more flagrant violation of the Consti-
tution than its predecessor. The lovers and
supporters of the Constitution may well stand
appalled by the provisions of this Hll—^pro-
visions which not even the committee itself
would have dared to support when it was first
raised; provisions which if carried into effect
must assuredly overthrow and destroy our sys-
tem of Government altogether; provisions by
which Congress will usurp and sw&llow up all
the constitutional powers of the Supreme Court
and strip the Executive of all his constitutional
powers and prerogatives. It lays at the feet
of Congress all the vast interests of the people,
with no check, fio restraint, upon its grasping
and ever-growing powers. It makes Congress,
in fact, the dictator of the judgments of the
Supreme Court and the court its slave, and
subjects the Army and Navy to its supreme
command.
I have listened in vain for some gentleman
advocating this measure to show us under what
warrant or authority of our Constitution they
claim the right to adopt this bill, I expected
the able and eloquent gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. BinchaM,] from his known ability, from
his great reputation as a lawyer—a constitu-
tional lawyer—that he would have given ua
some foundation upon which he himself could
rest this last measure; but when I appealed to
him to know under what provision of the Con-
stitution he claimed the right to pass this bill,
he, with some qualification and hesitation,
referred to that provision of the Constitution,
so often misused and misapplied, which re-
quires the United States to guaranty to the sev-'
eral States a republican form of government.
Now, let us look at this measure for a little,
and see whether it has its warrant in this pro-
vision of the Constitution—and I shall not bie
driven by any contempt which gentlemen may
feel for the Constitution, so often expressed
on this floor, from examining this bill by the
provisions of the Constitution—"to guaranty
a republican form of government." I put it
to the gentleman whan he was making his
speech, and I put it to him now again, Whether,
when under this provision a government is to
be guarantied, it does not imply a preexisting
government ? I ask him when he comes to
reply to tell us what preexisting government
it is wo are authorized to guaranty?—what
government it is he proposes to guaranty,
whether it be the civil government existing
prior to 18G1, subsequent to that date, or the
military governments, or a government to be
created by this Congress?
Mr. BINGHAM. Does the gentleman wish
an answer now?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am willing the gentle-
man shall answer now if he wilfrao so briefly.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will answer him very
briefly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What government does
he intend by this bill to be guarantied ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I intend that form of
government to be guarantied which is contem-
plated by the words "a republican form of
government;" and inasmuch as the majority
in every one of the ten States lately in insur-
rection battered down by treason 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Oh, do not give us rhet-
oric now; give us your answer. [Laughter.]
| Mr. BINGHAM. If you want my answer
you shall have it in a few words. They bat-
tered down by treason 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Never tnind the "bat-
tered down by treason." [Laughter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. That is the fact; you
j may call it rhetoric, but it is ,the fact. They
I battered down their governments by treason
I and—
j Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I resume
I the floor ; the gentleman does not answer my
I question.
I Mr. BINGHAM. X am going to answer it.
j Mr. ELDRIDGE. Well, I cannot wait.
I Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman Bhonld not
- ask me, then,, to answer it.
Mr. ELDlilDGE. If he will answer he
shall hwfe the privilege, bat I do not want
rhetoric.
Mr. BINGHAM. W«1I, is not that a fact?
[Laughter.] !
Mr. ELDRID&E. It is a fact that the gen-
tleman gives nothing but rhetoric. [Laughter. ]
Mr. BINGHAM. Is it not the fact that
treason battered down the go+ernments of the
South ?■
Mr. ELDRTDGfi. Supposing it is; tell that
6n the stump—what haa that to do with answer-
ing the question ?
■ Mr. BINGHAM. None of your rhetoric,
sir. "[Laughter. ] The fact——
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Answer my question or
I fnnst resume tbe floor——
Mr. BIN&HAM. 14o answer it, and in tbe
words of the maker of your Constitution, James
Madison, who said 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I resume the floor—the
gentleman will not answer 
The 8PEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin resumes the floor and must not be inter-
rupted. •
Mr. ELDltfDGE. Iyielded, but the gentle-
man dfd not answer. He dare not; I repeat,
he dare not answer whether that "guarantee,'*
under the Constitution must not attach itself to
some preexisting government upon which it is
to operate, and what that government is.
Mr. BINGHAM. I dare do it if you will
allow me. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. WeTl, Mr. Speaker, the
gentleman tells us he dare do it and that he
