1970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
of God, and man is God's creature, whether
■white or black. This is man's country, and the
black, equally with the white, may claim it by
birthright. He was born here, as were his
ancestors before him for many generations,
and his voice should be heard in the Govern-
ment of the country. It is not necessary, how-
ever, at this point, to consider the question
whether the colored man should be clothed
with all the political rights of complete citi-
zenship in the several States. It is illogical to
say that he shall not vote in South Carolina
because he is denied that privilege in Michigan.
Michigan has not been in rebellion, and she
needs no reconstruction. The votes of her col-
ored citizens are not necessary to keep her in the
Union nor to compel her to sustain the Con-
stitution. The ease is far different in South
Carolina. The majority of the people of the
latter State are loyal, but they are black. The
minority are white, but rebels, and they will
not organize a loyal government and submit
to the Constitution and laws of the land. So
in other rebel communities the majority of the
whites are unrepentant rebels, but the minority
in connection with the blacks are sufficiently
numerous to reorganize and maintain the
State._ Congress is legislating for rebel com-
munities with the view to reconstruction, and
it must adopt means conducive to the end to
be accomplished. To say that Congress shall
not apply a rule to South Carolina that is not
put in practice in reference to Michigan is to
declare, in effect, that the former shall not be
reconstructed at all. There is no analogy be-
tween the cases, for the reason that Michigan
is not a subject for reconstruction, and the
Federal Government cannot interfere with her
domestic affairs. The question, therefore, of
negro suffrage in the rebel States must be con-
sidered simply in reference to its expediency
as applicable to the condition of their people,
and it involves, first, the power of Congress ;
and secondly, the necessity of the case; and
the course to be adopted is not in any respect to
depend upon the practice in other States.
But fears have been expressed that the whites
of the South will be subjected to negro rule.
Such a revolution of the wheel of fortune might
be condign justice. We know how long the
poor blacks have been subject to the cruel and
despotic rule of the whites. But who is to sub-
ject them to any such extremity? Should such
a calamity befall them it will result from their
own obstinacy. Their prompt acceptance of
the constitutional amendjnent in good faith
would not only have relieved them from any
such apprehension, but it would have left t,he
Eoor negroes at their mercy, and would per-
aps have established a reign of tyranny far
worse than negro supremacy.
But, in truth, all such objections are cap-
tious and frivolous. Every one knows tliatthe
thing is impossible. There are but two of the
southern States in which the colored popula-
tion predominates in numbers. Are the chi-
valrous white gentlemen of the South, with all
their superiority in numbers, education, skill,
and mental vigor, in danger of being brought
under the dominion of the ignorant, unlettered
negroes? The confession would be humiliat-
ing to the Anglo-Saxon race. ,
But, Mr. Speaker, speaking for myself, I do
not hesitate to say that I am disposed, as a
citizen of Michigan, to apply to my own State
the same rule in respect to negro suffrage that
I would prescribe for South Carolina. Why
not? On the 4th day of July, 177G, the people
of the United States, through the lips of
Thomas Jefferson, declared to the world that
all men are created equal. Equal in what
respect? Certainly men are not created equal
in mental vigor, size, physical strength, beauty
of form, complexion, color of the hair and
eyes. They are not created equal socially,
because one is born to wealth and another to
poverty. But they are all the creatures of our
Heavenly Father, the children of God, from
whom they inherit equally the right to enjoy
life, liberty, and property. They are created
with the inalienable right to be equal before
the law, equal at the ballot-box, and equal in
all political rights. Without such political
rights no man can be secure of life, liberty,
or property. Otherwise you may dispose of
his property by laws to which he has never
consented. You may try him for offenses af-
fecting life and liberty before tribunals created
without his privity, and against which he had
not even the poor privilege of protest.
Some gentlemen are constantly prating about
"negro supremacy, negro equality, and amal-
gamation." Sir, what have these matters to do
with the question of suffrage? '"And why are
these points made specially against the negro?
Why are not the same objections raised against
other classes and races of men? Do you never
vote at the same poll with white men whose
social position is questionable and whose igno-
rance is unquestionable?
Now, we all know that there are persons
of weak intellect, of debased aud despicable
character, and of profound ignorance among
all nationalities of white men, whether native
American, Irish, German, English, or French;
and the Indian "taxed" is not always of high
respectability, great experience in public affairs,
or extensive mental accomplishments. Some
of the characters I have indicated would hardly
know the difference between the Constitution
and a prayer-book, and perhaps have never
heard of either, especially the latter. You may
have occasion to vote with such a class of men
at the same poll, for we do not exclude white
men from the elective franchise on account of
ignorance or bad character, nor even the so-
called civilized Indian " not-a member of any
tribe." Do you thereby make these worthy
electors your equals socially? Would you feel
in duty bound on the next day after the elec-
tion to send your carriage for those sovereign
electors and introduce them into your parlors
because your ballot and theirs had been min-
gled in the same box? And. should your bal-
lot and that of a black man happen to be placed
in juxtaposition, would you for that reason at
once deem it incumbent on you to give your
daughter in marriage to the "American citizen
of African descent?" Why, on the same prin-
ciple, are you not bound to become the father-
in-law of one of those other voters who, though
white, is somewhat more debased than the negro?
Why, by parity of reasoning, are you not bound
to inaugurate practical amalgamation by send-
ing your daughter into a wigwam as the wife
of the half-tamed savage and the prospective
mother of children of the forest.
But, if you allow negroes to vote, will they
not hold offices? Of course they will if the
people elect them. I suppose in the north-
western States there may be one negro to every
thousand white men. Should these gallant
colored politicians on some unpropitious day
make a raid and gobble up all the otlices in the
Northwest, that day would be a dark one in-
deed. I know that in my own town already
negroes do perform certain menial offices. We
have colored barbers and white barbers, and
sometimes the former are preferred. We have
in my little city some fifteen hundred or two
thousand voters, and we have, I suppose, twenty
or thirty negroes. Now, I think we shall have
a black mayor just at that moment when the
white people shall prefer a gentleman of color
at the head of our city government to any other
man; and when our fifteen hundred or two
thousand white voters conclude to select one
of these twenty or thirty colored gentlemen to
act as chief magistrate of the city I shall try to
" accept the situation" with becoming submis-
sion and Christian resignation.
These expressions—"elevation of the negro,"
"negro equality," "negro supremacy," "amal-
gamation," &c.'—are mere catchwords em-
ployed to excite the prejudices of the inconsid-
erate and the ignorant. We know how and when
they originated. They were not in use in the
early days of the Republic, when it was believed
that slavery was,a temporary institution ; on
the contrary, negroes were then allowed to
vote. But they were brought into vogue at a
later period by slaveholders to produce preju-
dice in the northern mind against the capacity
of the negro as an apology for his enslavement.
It was necessary to the maintenance of the
servile institution that the black should be re-
garded as something less than man. It would
not do for him to enjoy all the rights of a free-
man in one section of the country while his
brethren were slaves in another. And hence
from the moment that the idea was conceived
of making slavery a permanent institution the
negro became the subject of detraction and the
grossest slanders. And so we were told at the
commencement of the war that the negro could
not learn to read—but he does read ; that he
was attached to his master, preferred servitude
to freedom, and would not leave him—but
somehow he did get away on the first opportu-
nity ; that he would not nght—but he did fight;
that ho would not obey the laws and observe
order—but he did sustain them though his
master violated them; that ho would rise and
kill his master—but unfortunately the master
got on to his feet first and murdered the negro.
And then we were told that he had no inde-
pendence of will, and that he would vote
precisely as he was directed by his former
owner; but experience in the late southern
elections shows ^'different result. Perhaps if
the prediction had proved true, perhaps if he
had shown less of manhood, there would be less
opposition in the South to granting him the
right of suffrage.
And now we are told that he does not know
enough to vote; but he votes very well in New
England, in Tennessee, in Washington, and
before many years have elapsed he will vote
efficiently and with good discretion in Michigan
and all other States of the Union. Prejudice
must have its day and may reign triumphant
for a season, but it cannot continue always.
Justice must in time prevail and suffrage will
become impartial. The negro will not be
allowed to vote because he is black, nor the
Irishman because he is unlearned, nor the
American because he is ignorant, nor the rich
man because of his lands and houses ; but all
these, and all the races of men born in this
country or duly naturalized will be allowed to
speak through the ballot-box, because of the
justice and necessity of the case; because this
is a people's Government, and they are con-
stituent parts of- the body-politic, and are to
be affected and controlled by the laws of the
land. In all nations there is ever a. struggle
for power between the few and the many, be-
tween the aristocracy and the masses of the
people, and at this day our own Republic is
not an exception to the rule. In this respect,
though not so manifest, the same elements
exist here as in France and England. Mr.
Seward's "irrepressible conflict" still waxes
hot. This Government will either slide into
a monarchy or become thoroughly popularized.
It must become an aristocratic power or Gov-
ernment of the people. Such was the opinion
of our fathers, and hence they declared that
all men are created equal. They acted in the
main in accordance with the import of their
declaration, and for many years negroes were
allowed to vote in all the States but South
Carolina. But in process of time cotton be-
came king, and the monarch must have slaves,
and slaves could not be voters, and so the
entire race must be proscribed; and thus it
happened that prejudice and cupidity ruled the
hour.
Thus we see that the negro has not been ex-
cluded from suffrage by reason of his ignorance
or his color. It is caste that denies him this
inalienable right. He is despised because he
has been maltreated and oppressed, because
his race has been enslaved, because he has
been robbed of his right to freedom with which
God has endowed every human being. Every
time that we assert the incapacity of the negro
as an excuse for denying to him the exercise
of political rights wo are rebuked by the prac-
tice of our whole lives. Why is the half-
tamed Indian allowed to vote? His skin is as
dark as that of a large proportion of the
colored people of this country. In point of
