586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
will do it Did not he have an opportunity ?
[Laughter. ]
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, I did not. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Did not I give him the
opportunity when he was making his speech,
and he failed to answer ?
Mr. BINGHAM. And I did it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman did not
answer. He dare not answer.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, I dare. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will give the gentle-
man another opportunity now if he will answer
the question in one minute.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, a minute is rather
short. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I know it is short, but
I want to cut off the rhetoric. [Laughter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. Shakspeare gave a fellow
forty minutes to girdle the earth. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Well, I do not want you
in answering to go round the globe. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. In one word, the man who
is called the father of the Constitution has
answered it for the gentleman. James Madi-
son knew as much as both of us, and he
declared this, touching that very clause of the
Constitution of which he was the author: that
when the majority of a State battered down
their government by treason it was the right
and the duty of the Federal Government to
enable the minority to rebuild it. That is my
answer. [Applause in the gallery.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. In answer to the gen-
tleman I say that is not the fact. Mr. Madison
never said so; never uttered any such state-
ment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg leave to say that I
will prove it to-morrow.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Oh, to-morrow 1
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. Any manifestation of
applause or disapprobation in the gallery is
out of order.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, when tie
gentleman answers me in that way I tell him
that I know all he knows on this subject and
I know what I know besides. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman never
loses an occasion to pnt before Congress and
the country what he does know and a great
many things, I think, that he does not know.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I insist, Mr. Speaker, that
that clause of the Constitution does require, by
necessary import, a preexisting government
to be guarantied. X say that the United States
is bound to guaranty in each of these States
a republican form of government, and that the
republican, form of government which theyjare
to guaranty is the government existing before
or at the time when these States went into the
rebellion. But even if th& term guaranty
imports an original independent power to make
or create, if that position coula by any possi-
bility be correct, " guaranty" does not, cannot
mean to destroy or overthrow; it does not mean
to subvert or tear down; it cannot mean to
take away from the people republican govern-
ernments andgive them military governments
in their. stead. It cannot authorize Congress
to take from them all civil governments and
subject them to rule of the sword. And by
what logic or reasoning it can be claimed that
this bill is an execution of the power to guar-
anty to those States a republican form of gov-
ernment by declaring that all the civil govern-
ments existing in those States shall be over-
thrown, destroyed, subverted, and the people
pnt under the control of the military power of
a military despot, is beyond my comprehen:
sion, beyond my ability to understand. Is it
guarantying republican form of government to
those States to prohibit the Executive and the
judiciary from recognizing any of their civil
rights, from protecting them in the right to their
Slate governments, in the rights of life, liberty,
and property ? Is military government, is the
government by the bayonet, the republican gov-
ernment to be guarantied to the States?
But, sir, when I drove the gentleman by
the question which I put to him when he was
making his speech from this clause of the
Constitution he attempted to take refuge under
another, and that one where all men who would
exercise ungranted power, who are not con-
tent with the powers granted by the Constitu-
tion, flee when driven from more solid ground ;
he took refuge under that clause of the Con-
stitution which provides that the Congress shall
have power "to make all laws which shall be
necessary and proper for carrying into execu-
tion the foregoing powers."
But, sir, I insist that he cannot find power
for this bill under that clause of ithe Constitu-
tion. That provision must of necessity be con-
strued with reference to the powers actually
delegated, expressly given by some express
power of the Constitution, and upon that point
I refer to the very authority which the gentle-
man himself cited in his srlfeech. He under-
took to show that because Congress is author-
ized to guaranty republican forms of govern-
ment, it may under this general clause do any
thing original in its effect, original in its pur-
pose, which shall in the end or may by possi-
bility restore republican governments. In other
words, the power which the gentleman claims
under this provision is that ne may create a
republican form of government, and upon that
hang his guarantee—upon that exercise the
power of guarantying republican form of gov-
ernment.
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. He claims virtually that
this Congress may go to work and create a
government republican in forpi in those States.
No other conclusion can be drawn from what
he said, that as there are no governments ex-
isting there since all the civil governments have
been destroyed—abrogated, as he expressed it—
Congress can make a something in their places,
and by the power of the wcyxl "guaranty"
turn that something into a republican govern-
ment; and he claims that that can be done
under this general clause of the Constitution.,
Now, I insist that that general clause is limited
to the carrying out of the express powers
granted by the Constitution, and so the authority
to which the gentleman referred holds, not-
withstanding the sentence or paragraph which
he quoted in his speech. Chief Justice Mar-
shall, who certainly is entitled to the high
encomium paidhim, says, with reference to this
general clause:
" But we think a sound construction of the Consti-
tution mast allow to the national Legislature that
discretion with respect to the means by which the
powers it confers are to be carried into execution
which will enable that body to perform all the duties
assigned to it in the manner most beneficial to the
people. Let the end be legitimate; let it be within
the scope of the Constitution; and all the means
which are appropriate, which are plainly adapted to
that end, which are not prohibited, but consist with
the letter and spirit of the Constitution, are consti-
tutional."
There is the doctrine and that is the conclu-
sion of the whole case. That is the point set-
tled by the case and all that the case decides.
Congress may make all laws and rules neces-
sary for carrying into effect the foregoing
powers. Let it be within the scope of the
Constitution ; let the power be granted, and all
the means for carrying it out may be devised
by Congress. The power must be given and
the action of Congress must be within its scope
and meaning. It must rest its action upon
expressly granted powers. Congress cannot
find its warrant for this measure in that clause
of the Constitution nor in the two together,
even if the object of the bill was to do what is
claimed for it, which certainly I cannot admit,
which I do not believe.
But the gentleman devoted most of his time
to the £rst section of this bill.. What is that
section? It declares that "the so-called civil
governments in those States respectively shall
not be recognized as valid or legal State gov-
ernments either by the executive or judicial
power or authority of the United States."
Sir, I insist that that section is in direct
conflict with more than one provision of the
Constitution of the United States. The Con-
stitution provides that " the executive power
is vested in the President." It also provides
that "the judicial power is vested in one Su-
preme Court" and such inferior courts as may
be established. Now, what does this bill pro-
vide ? It provides that these States shall not be
recognized as having valid and legal State gov-
ernments either by the executive or the judi-
cial power of the Government.
That is an injunction upon "the exercise of the
power." It is not that the President shall not
do a certain act, or that the judges of the court
shall not perform certain specified acts, but it
is that "the power" shall not be exercised.
It is a prohibitory injunction against the exer-
cise of a power granted by the Constitution. If
it jnerely prohibited the President from doing
some act not within the scope of executive
power it might not, then, prohibit the exercise
of "the executive power" conferred upon him
by the Constitution. If it was to prevent the
court from doing some particular act, it might
not, then, restrict or prohibit the exercise of
" the judicial power."
But there is a power vested in the executive
and the judiciary coming from the same source
from which Congress derives all its power, the
original source of all governmental power, the
people. This bill attempts to circumscribe
and limit the exercise of " the power" itself, a
power not conferred upon Congress, not sub-
ject to its control. The executive and judicial
power is as much above and beyond the con-
trol of Congress as is the legislative power
vested in Congress by the Constitution above
the control of the executive and the judiciary.
And yet this bill by its terms expressly declares
that these powers of the executive and the judi-
ciary shall not in a given case be exercised.
What is this but the exercise of these powers
by the Congress? If it may say when and
when not the powers shall move, if its discretion
and not theirs is to determine when they shall
be put in force, they are both overthrown and
destroyed.
But it not only limits "the power;" it goes
further. If the bill means anything, if it does
anything that is intended by the framers of it,
by the committee that reported it, it actually
decides judicially by this Congress the whole-
question whether there are legal or valid State
governments in those States. It is, therefore,
a  judicial act; Congress is not only prohibiting
the exercise of the judicial power vested in the
judiciary, but it assumes to exercise that power
itself, not for itself only, but for the court and
the people, making its decision final and irre-
versible.
And, sir, the bill goes further, and provides
that although the judicial department and the
executive department of the Government may
deem it their duty to interfere, may see that
the case" calls for the exercise of the power
vested in them by the Constitution and under
their oaths of office, yet they shall be prohib-
ited from exercising those powers under severe
penalties. Congress not only usurps the power
of the judiciary and the power of the execu-
tive, and determines to exercise that power
itself, but it prohibits those departments from
exercising their own legitimate power, and
affixes penalties upon them for disregarding
its will.
Now, it is said that there are no civil gov-
ernments in those States, and what follows
from this ? If there are no civil governments
in those States then there can be only military
governments there. If there are civil govern-
ments in those States, then certainly the judi-
ciary and the_ executive have the right and
power, and it is their duty, to recognize them
as such. If the institutions in those States
are civil institutions under the Constitution
and laws of the United States theft there is
no power in Congress to prohibit the execu-
