2994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
time than a month, however well they may
work upon it. Then the Senate will take, at
least, another month to discuss and amend it,
as they are without the previous question.
Thus it will be September before we will be
able to receive this bill from the Senate so as
have an opportunity to examine their amend-
ments. In the mean time we shall have lost
the advantage of passing some provisions in
regard to the tax on tobacco and distilled
spirits.
I wish, therefore, now to give notice—and
that will be a reason why I do not want this
amendment to pass—that on to-morrow, when
the motion is made to go into Committee of
the Whole upon this bill, I will oppose it for
the purpose of moving a postponement of the
further consideration of this bill until the first
Monday of December next. At the same time
I shall ask that a resolution be passed instruct-
ing the Committee of Ways and Means to
report in a separate hill the sections in regard
to the tax on distilled spirits, malt liquors, and
tobacco, with such general provisions of legis-
lation as will be necessary to make that tax
effective. That is practically all we can do.
Mr. CULLQM. That is about all there is
in this bill.
Mr. BUTLER. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. I am told that that is about all there is in
the bill. That may be all that is practical in
the bill. But there are other provisions here
which it would be an immense annoyance to
this House to attempt to perfect while we can
obtain all the practical advantages that will be
derived from the bill by the course I propose
* to take.
Now, let me submit this to our friends of
the Committee of Ways and Means. They
have required five months to bring this bill to
its present state of perfection, and they have
done a great work ; it is a work that has been
well done. Now, we ought in both Houses to
be quite as long over the bill as were the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
But, it is only because of this late hour of
the session that 1 oppose—1 beg pardon ; I
take back that word ; 1 do not oppose tliebill,
but I suggest a postponement, which is not a
motion hostile to the bill. It may.be regarded
as hostile in parliamentary language. But it
is not, because I do hope the bill will pass at
some time.
Now, I put it to t.be majority in this House
if it is not their opinion, it' it is not the opinion
of almost every gentleman here, that it is
extremely doubtful if we can pass this bill this
session. Does any gentleman here believe
that this bill can be put through Congress and
become a law before September next?
Mr. SCHENCK. Since the Chair has per-
mitted this argument upon a motion to amend
I suppose it is equally competent to oppose the
amendment in the same vein.
I atn very much afraid, sir, that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] takes
counsel from his wishes rather than his fears
when he speaks of the impossibility of getting
this bill through. What are the facts? The
gentleman speaks of the length of time occu-
pied in preparing the bill. A good deal of
time was so occupied, and the work is before
this committee. The Committee of Ways and
Means are not disposed to feel any shame for
having bestowed so much time and labor in
what was so onerous an undertaking, the con-
densation, collation, and codification of all
your internal revenue laws.
The delay, however, has not been alone that of
the Committee of Ways and Means. There are
other circumstances which have protracted this
session. The gentleman does not need to have
me specify them. But how do we stand ? After
the termination of the delays arising out of
impeachment, and since we liave been enabled
to bring the bill before the House, there have
been but three full days of work upon it. Last
week we were interrupted by privileged ques-
tions of various kinds, and by some allowance
of general debate, demanded upon all hands,
80 that until the middle of the day on Thurs-
day there was no opportunity to consider the
bill in detail. On Saturday we were once more
interrupted, and again yesterday by questions
arising out of matters over which the gentleman
from Massachusetts has more control than any-
body else in this House. Yet, occupying this
comparatively small portion of the time of the
House, what have we done ? We have gone one
third of the way through the bill, or very nearly
that. We have considered one hundred and
eight pages out of the three hundred and sixty,
considerably more than one fourth.
What has been the fact in regard to former
bills of this character? Why, sir, a bill intro-
duced in 1806 of a little more than one half
the length of this, involving upon almost every
page of it and for many successive pages dis-
putes upon item after item, occupied the House
twenty days in going through with it, from the
8th to the 28th of May; yet the bill passed
finally in good time. And now having com-
menced the consideration of this bill only last
week, and having devoted to it only three full
days, we have shown, as I predicted in the
beginning, that this bill can be carried through
in this House with ten days of work altogether.
I say again that if gentlemen shrink from the
performance of this work now, they take coun-
sel from their wishes rather than their fears.
If we really wish to pass the bill, there is no
difficulty in the House of Representatives at
least doing its share of the labor and doing it
properly. If the Senate chooses to take another
responsibility, it is for that body, not for us,
and I for one will not consider that question.
One word as to the proposition made by the
gentleman. If the Committee of Ways and
Means take this bill to their committee-room
and arrange the various administrative sections,
so as to connect them with the tax upon to-
bacco and whisky, they cannot report it back
in much, if any, less time than it would take to
carry through the House this bill with which
we have now progressed one third of the way.
I speak advisedly. The committee cannot m
less than something like a week prepare such
a bill as the gentleman speaks of, for the vari-
ous general and administrative sections must
be molded together connectedly if we are to do
our work well; we cannot take at random a
page here and a page there.
One thing further I desire to say. If this
House of Representatives, with a Kepublican
majority, shrinks from meeting all these ques-
tions and makingprovi.sion for the revenue of
the country with reference to the necessary
demands upon its resources, their constituents
will understand that they have shrunk from a
labor that was expected from them, and they
will, I think, be kept at home individually in
consequence of this failure upon their part to
do the duty for which they are sent here. And
I think they ought to be kept at home. I think
if this House of liepresentatives and this Con-
gress, because of any supposed inconvenience
of sitting a week or a month longer, or, if
necessary, a month or two longer—though no
such necessity is devolved upon us in disposing
of the questions involved in the business now
before the House—they do not deserve to come
back again or to retain power in the country,
because they shrunk from that responsibility
the people of the country expect them to take.
I speak plainly, because I desire to be under-
stood ; and I speak earnestly, because I feel
earnestly in the matter.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no question
before the committee. Ihe Chairman allowed
statements to be made because there was no
objection.
Mr. COVODE. I move to strike out the
last line. It has been my opinion from the
commencement, as I have stated on a lormer
occasion, that, while I believe the bill would go
through the House  
Mr. SCHENCK. I object to this debate.
The gentleman must confine himself to his
amendment. When the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts spoke as he did I claimed, the privi-
lege to reply. I object to further gteueral de-
bate.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The amendment of the gen-
tleman is not an amendment to the pending
proposition.
Mr. COVODE. What I wanted to say was
this 
Mr. SCHENCK. I object.
Mr. Sciiexck's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ELA. I move to insert after the word
" less:' the word, " whose gross receipts shall
shall exceed $500 so it will read :
When the rent or valuation of the yearly rental of
said house and property shall be S300 or less, whose
gross receipts shall exceed $500, they shall each pay
ten dollars; and if exceeding S300, for every addi-
tional $100or fractional part thereofin excess of $300
shall pay five dollars.
Mr. Chairman, as it is now, it is almost impos-
sible for a man traveling across the country to
get dinner for himself and horse. There is
not business enough at the cross roads to war-
rant a man in paying a license tax.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ARCHER. I move that the committee
rise.
The House divided ; and there were-—ayes
27, noes 42.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows :
Keepers of eating-houses whose annual sales exceed
$1,000 and do not exceed $10,000 .-hull each pay ten
dollars; when exceeding $10,000, shall each pay
twenty-five dollars. .Every place where food or re-
freshments of any kind, not including spirits, wines,
or malt liquors, are provided for casual visitors, and
sold for consumption therein, shall be regarded as
an eating-house.
Mr. B UTLER. I move to add the following:
Provided, That nothing in this section shall be
construed to prevent any State restraining by its own
laws the sale ot' intoxicating liquors.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is already provided
for in a general provision.
Mr. BUTLER. Then I withdraw the amend-
ment.
No further amendment being oCfered, the
Clerk read the next paragraph as follows:
Livery-stable keepers, when the annual rental or
estimated rental value of the stable and premises
used for such business does not exceed $^.000 per
annum, shall each pay ten dollars; and if sueh rental
or estimated rental value shall exceed $2,000 per
annum, fitly dollars; and no additional special tax
shall be imposed upon any livery-stable keeper for
dealing in horses.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to insert the fol-
lowing after the word " dollars " where it last
occurs;
Any person whose business it is to keep horses for
hire or to let, or keep, leod, or board horses tor
others, shall be regaided. as being stable keepers.
Mr. BUTLER. I propose to showareason
why we should not adopt this amendment, and
as a reason why this amendment should not
be passed. I propose again to show that it
is a loss of time to this committee to go into
this  
Mr. SCHENCK. I object to any debate as
to whether the bill shall pass or not upon a"
question of this kind.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The remarks of the gentle-
man are not germane to the pending amend-
ment.
Mr. BUTLER. I propose, then, to say that
this amendment will only take the time of the
House uselessly : therefore it ought not to be
passed, and for the reason that here is one of
a series of amendments which have got to be
put on the bill by the committee itself in order
to perfect it; and while we are perfecting it in
this way 
Mr. SCHENCK. I insist upon my point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains it.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman cannot
proceed except in order.
Mr. BUTLER. The best way to try that is
to object on that account.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suppose by the course
of the gentleman's proceeding that he is going
to speak generally.
Mr. BUTLER. Then 1 will ask leave of
the House to put it to a vote.
