1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
471
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Henderson Wounded—Mr. Butler.
Ho. 03? Reps.
interests of ray State j and, sir, these resolu-
tions faithfully expresses the sentiments of the
great body of the people. I move that the
resolutions be inserted in the Globe, and also
that they be printed.
I also present a statement of Rev. P. Mc-
Viehar, State superintendent of public instruc-
tion, in the nature of a memorial, in behalf of
the common schools of Kansas, which I desire
to have printed in the same way ;
AnAppealto the Congressof the United States in behalf
of the Common Schools of Kansas.
Offioe of Superintendent
op Public Instruction,
Topeka, Kansas, July 3, 1868.
I learn that a number of treaties for Indian reser-
vations lying within the bounds of Kansas are now
in the hands of the Senate Committee on Indian
Affairs.
As representative of the educational department
of the State government I earnestly request that in
the consummation of said treaties the interestsof our
common schools maybe so recognized as to secure,
if possible, the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections
on said ^ reservations for the support of common
schools, in accordance with the plan of the act of
admission,
I am aware that a wrong impression extensively
prevails in reference to the amount of school lands
in Kansas. Many are erroneously of the opinion
that inasmuch as tho sixteenth and thirty-sixth sec-
tions were granted for school purposes, consequently
the common school endowment of Kansas is twice as
largo as that granted to other States. But the facts
in the case go to show that the endowment of the
common schools of our State is limited.
Tho policy of the General Government in the
extinguishment of Indian titles in Michigan, Wis-
consin, and other States, gave the Indian tribes so
removed the privilege of selecting extensive reserv-
ations beyond tho Missouri river and in what now
constitutes the State of Kansas. The resultwasthat
the organization of Kansas as aTerritory included a
very large amount of our soil thus preoccupied.
These reservations, too, were selected by the keen in-
sight of the red man in the most valuable sections
of tho State, and with primary reference to streams,
timber, and other valuable resources. The extent of
territory thus preoccupied within the bounds of the
Bt-ate may be seen by a dance at the early maps of
Kansas. In the Topeka United States land olSco dis-
trict, the register, Mr. Ira II. Smith, reports a deficit
of school lands on account of Indian reservations,
amounting to 159,269 acres. The whole deficit of
school lands arising from this cause is over seven hun-
dred thousand acres.
In the southern portion of Kansas a vast body of
land, fifty miles north and sou-th, extending from the
cast line nearly to the west line of the State; in
other words, almost one fourth of the area of the
entire State of Kansas is included in what is called
the Cherokee neutral lands and Osage reserva-
tions. The amount of school lands embraced in the
sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections on the Osage res-
ervation, the treaty for which is now pending, is
four hundred and forty-four thousand four hundred
and forty-four, or nearly half a million acres.
In behalf of the people of Kansas, I submit
whether, in the extinguishing of Indian titles that
policy is just to the State or to the Republic itself
by which, including all the Indian reservations,
more than a fourth of the area of Kansas, or an
extent of territory larger than that, of Massachusetts
and Connecticut combined, is left without a single
acre of school lands as an endowment for the educa-
tion of the masses of the people.
Yours, very respectfully, ^ MoVICKAR,
Slate Superintendent of Public Instruction
of the State of Kansas.
Resolutions passed by Kansas State Teachers1 Associa-
tion, Emporia, J\xly% 1868.
"Whereas a treaty has lately been negotiated be-
tween the Osage Indians and the Government of the
United States by which the entire Osage reservation,
amounting to eight million acres, is to be passed
into the hands of a railroad corporation, without
reserving tho sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections for
common schools; and whereas such treaty is now
bclore the Senate of the United States for ratification
or rcjcction: Therefoie,
Be it resolved by the State Teaeherfi> Association of
Kansas: 1. That the education of the people is of
paramount importance to the enriching of any pri-
vate corporation, . , «
2. Xbat the surrender of one sixth of our entire
State to foreign capitalists is an^msult to the fetate
and an outrage upon the rights of her citizens.
3. That Kansas has aright to, and does demand,
of her Senators and Representatives, as well as of all
other Senators and Representatives who are proud
of her history, or realize the value of her common
schools, to use their best endeavors to deieat this
treaty.
4. That a copy of these resolutions beforwarded to
our Senators and Representatives, and also to tho
press of Kansas. M. J. WATSOX,
Secretary.
Henderson Wounded.
REMARKS OF HON. B. F. BUTLER,
ojf massachusetts,
In the House of Representatives,
July 25, 1868,
In answer to Senator IIendeksox's explanation on
the subject of impeachment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, from what happened in this city last
evening, it becomes neccssary to make a per-
sonal explanation as well for the committee
of managers of the impeachment as for myself.
A delicate and thankless duty was by the order
of the House imposed upon its committee to
investigate into the alleged corruptons con-
nected with the late impeachment trial. As
the inquiry must almost necessarily involve
members of a coordinate branch of Congress,
your committee were careful in nothing to
overstep the limits of that parliamentary pro-
priety which is due to the Senate. Very early
in their examination they found both oral and
written evidence, which appeared to involve
the Senator from Missouri, chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, [Mr. Hexdeii-
son]. Anxious that the Senator should have
the amplest opportunity of explaining these
inculpatory facts testified to against him, your
committee addressed a note in the most cour-
teous form of language they could command,
in which lie was requested to come before them,
and, by giving testimony of such facts as he
might know, to instruct the committee in their
investigation. This the Senator from Missouri
refused to do, but, on the contrary, made griev-
ous complaint to that body that your commit-
tee's note of invitation was an insult to the
body to which he belonged, and a breach of its
privileges. In that, however, the Senate dif-
fered from him.
It may be observed here that upon a like re-
quest of your committee, both Senators from
Massachusetts and the senior Senator from
Kansas, among the very eldest of the Senate,
came before your committee without objection
and made answer and explanation of every-
thing asked them, as might well have been
expected of upright men, conscious of their
integrity.
"■Notwithstanding such refusal of the Senator
from Missouri to aid your committee in their
search for the truth of the charges of corrup-
tion in the determination of the trial of tue
President, your committee, as was their bounden
duty, because of the respect thej[ owed to the
Senate, refrained in their report from express-
ing any judgment of their own upon the signifi-
cant and pertinent facts testified to touching
the judicial conscience of that Senator in the
trial. Feeling the delicacy of their position
your committee did not deem it their duty to
adjudicate according to the evidence given
them, but in scrupulous regard to the privi-
leges of the Senate contented themselves with
reciting with a judicial severity of accuracy
the testimony sworn to before them, grieving
continually that, -without the explanations of
the Senator from Missouri of which he of his
own will had deprived the committee, the evi-
dence seemed to bear so hardly and conclu-
sively upon him, and the more so as the
refusal of the Senator to aid the committee m
their pursuit of the truth in connection with
such cogent evidence, was liable to be taken as
a confession of guilt, particularly in the strong
contrast with the conduct in that regard of the
admittedly innocent and honorable Senators
before mentioned. Indeed, so tender were
your committee of all that concerned the Sen-
ate, that, learning an investigation had been
ordered by the Senate, this committee did not
ask to have the evidence taken by them printed
lest its publication might embarrass that
inquiry.
Thus much I have deemed it my duty to
state in justice to a committee of the House,
of which I was one of the humblest members.
I take leave to say that the report of your
committee was -assented to by all the mem-
bers of the committee then in the city.
A most unusual occurrence has rendered it
necessary I should do so and ask further in-
dulgence of the House on my own behalf.
On the evening of the Lord's day, yesterday,
at a certain debating assembly held in this
city, the Senator from Missouri made a most
virulent attack u^on myself under guise of a
personal explanation.
Of the want of parliamentary propriety on
the occasion, the manner and matter of the
written remarks of the Senator, so far as re-
gards the Senate, I shall not allow myself to
comment lest I shall trench upon the same
rule of parliamentary propriety which the Sen-
ator violated.
If that assembly to which I alluded deemed
the holy Sabbath well spent in listening to
such an harangue it is not for any member of
the House to complain. Is not that assembly
the guardian of its own honor? Indeed, it
may well be justified by them under the pre-
cept that when a man's sheep or his ass hath
fallen into a pit it is lawful to lift it out on
the Sabbath day.
I am credibly informed that the reason why
this particular Lord's day was chosen for an
attack on a member of this House by the Sen-
ator, as himself has said, was that " General
Boiler had gone home, so there would not be
any reply."
The manly bravery of such a choice of op-
portunity is only equaled by the candor and
justice of the performance. You will remem-
ber, Mr. Speaker, that on Saturday I notified
you of my intention after eight months of ser-
vice here to return home, and was only detained
by accident.
Stripped of adjectives and personalities the
gravamen of the Senator's complaints of the
report of your committee seemed to be: first,
that he is therein charged with having been
" seen " by one Lacey and one Craig; second,
that he had some communication with Edmund
Cooper, late the President's Private Secretary,
on tho subject of the impeachment, from which
unpleasant inferences may be drawn.
For these inferences which he denies the
Senator blames the committee. Now, we have
made no chargcs against him. "VVe have only
carefully detailed the evidence which came
before us. That this tends to show (how con-
clusively every man must judge) that at mid-
night on the 12th of May the Senator from
Missouri had told his delegation that "he
would vote for conviction on the eleventh ar-
ticle or resign;" that "he thought Johnson
ought to be convicted and removed, and would
give his delegation an answer whether he
would resign at twelve o'clock, noon, of the
13th." A witness testified that unless "his
delegation got the Senator's resignation before
twelve o'clock of that day they never would,
as Craig had gone to see the Senator with
carte-blanche to fix him. Craig swears he did
go to see the Senator at that time, and Lacey
started to go with him. In two hours after
Cooper, the President's Private Secretary,
wrote to Andrew Johnson, as follows:
May 13.
Deah Me. Pbesidbnt: TheHEfjDEHSos matter all
right. Lacey has been to see him with Craig. All
right, too says Kvarts.
Truly, COOPER.
The same day, soon after twelve o'clock, the
Senator refused either to vote for conviction
or resign; but gave as a reason, in substance,
that if the President was acquitted he would
give all the Cabinet offices to Republicans and
forward the congressional plan ot reconstruc-
tion. How well President Johnson has carried
out Ike plan of the Senator we ail know trom
