1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1971
humanity, intelligence, fidelity to the laws of
God and man, he is not to be compared with
the African. Why prate of the black man's
ignorance while thousands of white men in
every State a*e unable to read the ten com-
mandments or to write their names? We must
allow all classes of our citizens to participate
in the affairs of Government or abandon all
our notions of Democratic institutions. We
have, perhaps, four or five million colored
people in this country. It is affectation, nay,
it is a mockery, to boast of a people's Govern-
ment while a sixth or seventh part of the entire
population is held in duress and wholly ex-
cluded from participation in the conduct of
public affairs.
And here let me sound a note of warning to
the private citizens, the laboring men and the
indigent voters of this country. If money is
power union is strength. Let the laboring
men and the indigent voters remember that
though united in action they are not too nu-
merous for the protection of their lights against
aristocratic power. Let them also bear in
mind the fact that no man can be sure of the
preservation of his own rights unless every
other man is also protected. The practice of
wrong upon one man implies that injustice may
be done to another. If a man may be ignored
because he is black, another may be treated
in the same manner because he is poor. Every
man's safety consists in the maintenance of
laws that shall protect every other man. As a
nation advances in age and wealth its tendency
is toward aristocracy, and individual influence,
unsupported by wealth, gradually becomes
more and more insignificant. Let every man
then insist that every other citizeu shall have
the right to vote, not because they are equals
in social position, in personal appearance, in
knowledge, in pecuniary circumstances, but
for the reason that they are men, constit-
uent parts of the great Commonwealth, sub-
ject to the same laws, capable of appreciating
the enjoyments of life, and subject to like
wrongs and misfortunes.
For a laboring man to oppose the political
enfranchisement of the negro because he is
black is but to exercise the spirit of an aristo-
crat, who would establish grades of nobility
and reduce every man to a servile condition
who could not boast of wealth or family dis-
tinction. This aristocratic tendency had been
making rapid strides in the South for many
years, and it finally culminated in rebellion.
Southern planters, who declared the negro in-
capable of citizenship, could not endure the
" mudsills " of the North, and of course they
deprecated impartial suffrage; but observe that
they respected the ''mudsills" no more than
they did the slave. Their course was natural
and logical. They held that the rich should
own the poor. They despised the northern
farmer and the "greasy mechanic." In truth,
they did not confide in the people and admit
their right to rule. Now, let no man deecive
himself. Whatever may be his motives or the
influence by which he is affected, whether it
be misconception, indiscretion, or prejudice—
it does not matter whether he is rich or poor—
the man who denies political rights to any
other man, by reason ot color or race, is aiding
to build up aristocratic institutions and to es-
tablish the doctrine of the divine right of kings.
The times are perilous and the people are
busy in the investigation of the principles of
free government. The history of the last few
years has shown that many errors liad crept
into our political theory, some of which have
already been eradicated. Indeed, since the
commencement of the late war we have made
wonderful progress.
Six years ago it was thought dangerous to
emancipate the few slaves that were held in
bondage in the District of Columbia. Mr.
Lincoln's great proclamation of emancipation
excited the alarm of many patriots and phi-
lanthropists. But the worlt moved on without
detriment to the country, and now no man at
the North would willingly see that system of
bondage restored, while many, very many, at
the South rejoice that slavery is no more.
Daily we advance in our knowledge of the
rights of man and the true principles of free
government. Prejudice may linger for a brief
season, but it will finally be swept away, and
when every citizen within our borders shall
have been assigned his proper political position,
then shall we, indeed, be a nation of freemen;
then shall we have realized what our fathers
saw with an eye of faith, a Government of the
people, in which every man is equal before the
law.
Before Mr. Beaman had concluded his speech
the hour of Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania,
expired, when
Mr. BROOMALL obtained the floor and said:
My desire is to let this bill go to the Judiciary
Committee, to which I originally had it re-
ferred ; but I do not wish to interrupt the re-
marks of the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Beaman,] and if I can obtain the floor at the
conclusion of his remarks I will permit him to
conclude.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Buoomall] is entitled to the
floor for one hour for the purpose of closing
the debate.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope the gentleman
will not send this bill back to the committee
without giving some of us, constituting, I trust,
the majority in this House, an opportunity to
say that we do not recognize the constitution-
ality of this measure. I do not like to have
the impression go out to the country that this
House is prepared to pass this bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Broomall] is entitled to the floor
to close the debate.
Mr. BROOMALL. My wish is not to inter-
rupt the business of the House further than
necessary at this time. I desire the debate to
close by all means to-day.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Beaman] will be permitted
to finish his speech.
Mr. BROOMALL. I yield to the gentle-
man from Michigan fifteen minutes.
Mr. BEAMAN resumed and concluded his
remarks as printed above.
Mr. BROOMALL. I now yield five minutes
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding.]
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, I do not
wish to occupy much of the time of the House;
but I desire to remark that only last October I
was called upon as a citizen of Ohio to vote
upon a proposition to amend the constitution
ot' that State by inserting a provision giving
the right of suffrage to the free black man
equally with the white man. I not only voted
cheerfully for that proposition, but I used all
my influence with my fellow-citizens in my sec-
tion of the State to induce them to ingraft
that provision upon our State constitution. It
was unsuccessful. We were in advance of the
sentiment of our people; they voted down the
proposition by forty thousand majority. Now,
I would like to see the member of Congress
from the State of Ohio who would have the
boldness to vote for the passage of this bill,
which, in my judgment, cuts directly across
the Constitution of the United States, and, in
fact, derides the action of the people of my
State in refusing to insert in their constitution
of State government a provision granting this
general right of suffrage to the blacks as w ell
as the whites.
Sir, I believe the day may come when our
Constitution, the great charter of our liberties,
shall be so amended that all free people may
vote. God hasten the day when that right may
be so extended! But, sir, so long as the Con-
stitution remains as it is, I will sooner suffer
my right arm to drop from its socket than vote
for any such bill as that now before us. And
in saying this I am bold to affirm that I speak
the sentiments of a large majority of my col-
leagues on this floor irrespective of party. I
should regard the passage of this bill at this
hour as the death-knell of our hopes as a polit-
ical party in the approaching presidential can-
vass.
Mr. BROOMALL. I nowyieldfifteen min-
utes to my colleague, [Mr. Kellet.]
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I have no
hope that this bill will be adopted by this
Congress. I will gladly give it my vote when
brought to that test, and in doing so will, in
my judgment, act strictly within the letter and
intent of the Constitution, and but exercise a
power which the framers of the Constitution
and the members of the State conventions that
accepted it knew they had embodied in it.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding]
hastened to announce, as did my colleague
from the Washington district, [Mr. Lawrence,
of Pennsylvania,] that the question of colored
suffrage is not a party question. I admit and
deplore the fact that it is not, for the Republi-
can party is founded upon the theory of the
equality of man before the law, and the fact
that the consent of the governed is the only
legitimate basis for government. Those are
accepted party doctrines, and I take it for
granted that those members ofthe Republican
party who deny the colored citizens' right to
vote, like the leaders of the Democratic party,
deny the humanity and the immortality of the
great mass of mankind, for the majority of the
human race are of those shades of complexion
and that character of blood to which, while
asserting the equal rights of man, they deny
equality before the laws.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I said
it was not a party question.
Mr. KELLEY. I did not misrepresent you,
but said the question of suffrage is not a party
question within the Republican party. But I
deplore the fact that you are as benighted or
prejudiced as you are.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. T ad-
mit my colleague has stated my sentiments,
though I did not do so myself. I say it is not
a party question to-day in my district, and has
not been. When I spoke I was indorsing the
opinion of Judge Agnew, which was merely in
regard to the right of railroad companies to
carry passengers in separate cars.
Mr. KELLEY. I did not mean to reflect
upon my colleague, and have not time to criti-
cise the disgraceful opinion of Judge Agnew.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I be-
lieve the people of Pennsylvania will sustain
that decision.
Mr. KELLEY. I regret that the Repub-
lican party has not -risen to the height of ap-
plying its principles as a test to all questions,
i and carrying them into execution to their last
logical result. There is no difference between
my colleague and myself as to its halting on
the question of suffrage.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding]
hopes the Constitution will be so amended that
a law of this kind may be adopted; and my
colleague from the Luzerne district [Mr.
Woodwabd] to-day treated the proposition in-
volved in the bill as novel, as an absurd nov-
elty, as a proposition no lawyer or American
statesman had ever entertained. If the propo-
sition is new to him it is because he is not
familiar with the political history of the country
in its eaily days; for, sir, the proposition con-
tained in this bill was considered by the men
who framed the Federal Constitution. They
deliberately embodied it ill the Constitution,
and that fact %vas recognized in such of the
State conventions as considered and accepted
the Constitution. When, a few moments ago,
I asked my colleague [Mr. WoonwAtsaj
whether Monroe and Madison had not dis-
cussed it in the Virginia convention, he dis-
claimed any reference to Virginia, and said he
was confining his discussion to our own State,
Pennsylvania. But, sir, he should have known
that it attracted the attention of and was dis-
cussed by Wilson, McKean, and other leading
members of the Pennsylvania convention, as
the published debates show.
In order to show that the doctrine that Con-
gress is invested by the Constitution with the
