186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
581
tive and the judiciary from recognizing them
as such. It is the duty of those departments
of the Government to do so; they are bound
by their oaths of ofliee, by their obligations to
the Constitution, from which their authority is
derived, to recognize them on all proper occa-
sions. Whenever their power is invoked it is
their duty to recognize them as civil govern-
ments. At all events they must have the power
to decide the question, and to decide they must
recognize them if they exist as such.
If they are not civil governments then they
are military governments; and if they are
entirely military establishments then this bill
violates the Constitution of the United States;
because, by that Constitution the President is
made the Commander-in-Chief of the Army
and of the Navy. His duty, then, as Com-
mander-in-Chief, requires him to control them
as military establishments; so that the Presi-
dent's powers and duties are interfered with
and abridged by this bill in any view that can
be taken of the subject. If they are civil gov-
ernments it is the duty of the executive and
the judiciary to recognize them as such. If
they are military establishments the duty and
office of Commander-in-Chief require the Pres-
ident to take charge of them, and to command
all the officers within the limits of those States.
And if they are governments de facto only, the
remnants of the war permitted by the military
authorities to continue after the armies were
withdrawn, in the exercise of governmental
powers, they are civil governments within the
meaning of the law, and ttie President and the
judiciary bound, whenever the respective pow-
ers are invoked, to recognize them as such.
The law of nations as well as our own inter-
nal polity requires this doctrine. • This has
been affirmed by our Supreme Court. It will
be recollected that in the case of Cross vs.
Harrison, in 1G Howard, in a case which arose
out of the collection of duties enforced in the
then unorganized Territory of California, this
decision was rendered by the court. Hon.
Robert J. Walker, then the Secretary of the
Treasury, gave instructions to the collector of
one of the ports in California, and the court,
Justice Wayne delivering the opinion, recog-
nized those instructions as the law of the case,
and approved of the direction and advice given
by the Secretary of the Treasury to the col-
lector on that occasion. The Secretary used
this language, which the court adopts as the
•law in its decision :
" Iq the meantime tho condition of tht> people of
California is anomalous, and will require on their
Sart the exercise of great prudence and discretion.
y the conclusion of the treaty of peace the military
government which was established over them under
the laws of war, as recognized by the practice of all
civilized nations, nas ceased to derive its authority
from this source of power. But is there for this rea-
son no government rh California? Are life, liberty,
and property under the protection of no existing au-
thorities ? This would be a singular phenomenon in
the face of the world, and especially among Amer-
ican citizens, distinguished as tbey are above all
other people for their law-abiding eharactcr. For-
tunately they are not reduced to this sad condition.
The termination of the war left an existing govern1-
raent, a government de facto in full operation ; and
this will continuo, with tho presumed consent of tho
people, until Congress shall provide for them a ter-
ritorial government."
Not till Congress shall place over them,
after a year or more of peace, a military estab-
lishment, virtually renewing the war, but "until
Congress shall provide for the^rf'-ft territorial
government."
Now, sir, governments exist in those States.
I care not how they sprung up ; I care not
how they came into existence, whether feawd
from 1861 by the wsr destroying the rebellion,
by the will and authority of the President, by
the permission of Congress, or by the volun-
tary act of the people themselves ; there were
and are existing in all those ten States civil
governments. Notwithstanding this fact, this
bill provides that the President, acting in his
official capacity, exercising the executive power
or the powers of Commander-in-Chief of the
Armjsand Navy, and the judiijftry exercising
the judicial power, shall not recognize them
as such. Can it be that the bill is not ob-
noxious to the Constitution in this regard ?
But this decision goes further:
"This government de facto will of course cxerciso
ho power inconsistent with tho provisions of tho
Constitution of the United States, which is the su-
preme law of the land "
Here, then, is a territory conquered from a
foreign nation, having only a de facto govern-
ernment, that government a civil establishment
recognized by the Executive, and, as this decis-
ion holds, properly recognized by him and gov-
, erned only in subordination to the Constitution
and laws of the United States. But under what
provisions of the Constitution do you find
authority for creating General Grant supreme
dictator to govern that people with the sword?
Under what provision of the Constitution do
you find authority to control the lives, the lib-
erties, and the property of twelve iMllion peo-
ple by the sword alone, without law, without
any civil government, without any legal pro-
tection, with no rights recognized except such
as the dictator, in his wisdom or unwisdom,
may think it proper for the people to enjoy?
I refer to the language of Justice Wayne to
show that this opinion which I have read is
the law of the case. He says:
" From the letter of the then Secretary of State
and from that of the Secretary of the Treasury wc
cannot doubt that the action of tho military gov-
ernor of California was recognized as allowable and
lawful by Mr. Polk and his Cabinet."
The court goes further, and says that this
government was rightfully recognized by Mr.
Polk and his Cabinet:
" We think it was a rightful and correct recognition
, under all tho circumstances; and when wesay right-
: fulwemoan that it was constitutional, although Con-
j, gress had not passed an aot to extend the collection
I of tonnage and import duties to the ports of Culi-
j fornia."
Here, then, the President and his Cabinet
recognized this de facto government, notwith-
l standing Congress had passed no law with ref-
'i erence to this Territory. How, now, can gen-
! tlemen say that the President had not the right
to recognize these States? I insist that it was
and is his duty to recpgnize them. When he
has recognized them it is an adjudication of
the case for this purpose. He is a part of the
political power of this country, as miifch a part
of it as Congress itself, and his act is binding
upon Congress.
In this connection allow mc to read a para-
graph from the decision of the Supreme Court
in the celebrated case of Luther rs.Borden, in
7 Howard:
"By this net tho power of deciding whether the
exigency had arisen upon which the Government of
the United States is bound to interfere is given to the
President. He is to act upon the application of the
Legislature or of the executive; and consequently he
must determine what body of men constitute the
Legislature and Who is the governor before he can
act. The fact thnt both parties claim the right to
the government cannot alter the case, for both can-
not bo entitled to it. If there is an armed oonflict, like
Hie one of which we are spcaking.it. is a ease of do-
mestic violence, and one of tho parties must bo in
insurrection ag.iinst the lawful government: and the
President must of necessity decide which is the
government and which party is unlawfully arrayed
against it before ho can perform tho duty imposed
apon him by the act of Congress."
When the President or Congress in tho legit-
imate exercise of their constitutional powers,
have recognized those States as having civil
governments existing there (and both of them
have done so) neither can deny tho fact; neither
can deny the right of those people to the enjoy-
ment of civil governments. And if it were con-
quered territory taken by conquest from a for-
eign erfei&y all that Congress could do would
be, when f>eace had been declared, to permit the
existence of de facto governments until terri-
torial governments should be established. Sir,
there is no view that can be taken of this bill
•which does not show it to be an abomination.
If it shall be passed it will cover this nation
with infamy.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BOUT WELL. Mr. Speaker, I believe
it is understood that it is the design of the
committee to close debate on this bill to-mor-
row, and I have risen for the purpose of mov-
ing this House now adjourn, unless other gen-
tlemen desire to speak. If there be any I
venture to ask the House that it shall be un-
derstood I shall have the floor when the House
does adjourn, whether present; or not.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. H1GBY. Mr. Speaker, I have been
drawn into this debute more from the peculiar
turn it has taken within the last two days than
from any previous intention to discuss the
questions involved, and I shall not attempt in
the half hour allowed me to review all the points
which have arisen in the consideration of this
bill. I shall only touch upon one or two.
Mr. Speaker, before proceeding upon the
main points I intend to discuss I wish to take
notice of the word *' guaranty" in the Consti-
tution, which has been so much dwelt upon by
many speakers in this House in the course of
this debate and others. The word is found in
this connection:
" The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government."—
Constitution, art. 4, sec. 4.
I am led to the conclusion, from the manner
in which opposition members have dealt with
this word, that they would have it mean that
the Government of the United States shall
force upon a State a republican form of gov-
ernment whether the people will have it or
not. The gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Eldridge,] who has just preceded me, who
has the reputation of being a good lawyer,
and I presume he is entitled to that reputa-
tation, has dealt with this word in his argu-
ment as if it had that meaning. Now, sir, I
will settle the question of the meaning of this
word right here, And there is not a lawyer in
this House, and x will include the gentleman,
who will dissent from the definition.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will say in the view I
took of this word my purpose was to give the
definition and the effect it had upon this ques-
tion, not whether we should force upon a peo-
ple a government they would not accept. _1 did
not intend to go any further.
Mr. HIGBY. I assert that it is not in the
power of this Government to force a State gov-
ernment of any form whatever upon any State.
Now, sir, I make a legal statement that will
strike the mind of every lawyer, for the pur-
pose of defining this word guarantee. A owed
B $500, but B did not allow A to become so
indebted until C became guarantor for A—a
surety, .vho engaged to see that the stipulations
of A were performed. In the case stated the
true definition of the word guarantee is Con-
tained. C's obligation is a.guarantee. If A
pays the debt to B when due no further obli-
gation rests upon C—the obligation of guaranty
is gone. Again, if B should release A from
payment by refusing to receive the amount
named, surrendering to him ali evidence of the
indebtedness, the guarantee of C goes with it.
Let me give the definition from " Webster,"
which defines it as explicitly as I have illus-
trated it.' It means '' to undertake to secure^to
another, at all events, as claims, rights, orpos-
| sessions." Then he illustrates it thus :
i "In thq treaty of 1778 France guarantied to tfi6
I United States their liberty, sovereignty, and iridei-
pendence, and their possessions." < < ,
i Suppose the United States at any time ther©>
'• after had seen fit to yield that liberty and rhd«-
[ pendence to another Power, the question of
! guaranty on the part of Prance is gone. The
. Constitution guaranties a republican form of
| government to a State, but if the State does
l not want that government it is out of the power
of the United States to guaranty it, for the
obligation of guaranty is gone.
| This word has been misinterpreted, not only
! to-day, but during the discussion of questions
for the last two years. The effect has been to
| convey the idea that the Government of the
j United States is compelled to give to:a State
I -& republican form of government. "Webster"
continues that, in return, "and the United
States guarantied to France its possessions in
America." Now, suppose France saw fit to
part with those possessions by treaty stipula-
tions to another Power than the United States
then the guaranty would be gone.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the gentleman be-
