588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
lieve it is possible for one of these States to
secede, to go out of the Union?
Mr. HIGBY. That is the very point upon
which I desire to dwell: about the only point,
because there is not time to take the bill in
detail, and I have made no preparation for any-
thing of the kind. I say right here, as I have
said at all times, that to my mind it is as clear «ws
sunlight that the power is in any State of this
Union to destroy its own State government, and
it is not in the power of the Government of the
United States to compel the people to live under
that State government.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Right there I would like
to ask a question. Does the gentleman claim
that it is in the power of the United States to
permit or allow them to destroy their govern-
ment?
Mr. HIGBY. Yes, sir; I do claim that it
is in the power of the people at any time to
destroy their State government. What is the
object of a State government ? It is simply
the right to control and regulate their domestic
relations within the limits of the State. It is
a privilege to the people themselves to have
it, and if they see fit. to throw it away they can
do so.
Let me illustrate. The people of a Terri-
tory organize a State government under an
enabling act, or, as in the case of California,
to which the gentleman referred, without any
enabling act. The people under the military
government held a convention. The delegates
framed a constitution, submitted it to the peo-
ple, who voted upon it, and having adopted it,
they elected members to th#EIouse of Repre-
sentatives and chose two Senators and sent
them here. Congress examined their consti-
tution, was satisfied with it, and admitted Cal-
ifornia as a State under that constitution. And
when I cite the State of California I cite the
process by which every State was admitted to
the Union after the original thirteen. They
had their State organizations and their State
coustitutions. The people in the State frame
and ratify their constitution, and when they
ask to be admitted under it Congress looks at
it and asks but one question, namely : is it
republican in form? And when ascertained
to be so, and the Territory is admitted as a
State, the "guarantee" in the Constitution of
the United States is a barrier against encroach-
ment from within or without. It insures to the
people of the State free government, presum-
ing that the people want it, but if they do not
they can destroy it. That is my idea.
Now, sir, how is it that these Representa-
tives get here ? Of course there is a machin-
ery of government, and it is supposable that
the people are going to sustain with fidelity
every branch of the government. It is pre-
sumed that when the people do have a State
government with a right to send Represent-
atives to this Hall they will do ao, and the
presumption also is that they want to send
Representatives here. But supposing that they
see fit to throw it aside, by non-action if you
please, to electno Representatives to Congress,
to elect no Governor and Legislature, and of
course to choose no Senators; in short, to have
 ©-State organization and go back to chaos.
It is beyond the power of this Government to
force them to do theise things, and the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] will not
gainsay what I have said. All power is with
the people and nowhere else.
Let any State refuse to do these things for
ten, fifteen, or twenty years. Is there nothing
to be done by the General Government 19 that
case? It has not the power to enforce action
on the part of the people. Guarantee is not
the question. But while it has not the power
to enforce a State constitution it has the power
to enforce a territorial government s a certain
extent. It can send Federal laws into the
Territory and make the people obey them.
That is all the kind of government it is possi-
ble for the United States to enforce upon any
people in any State of this Union where the State
government is against their will.
Suppose, Mr. Speaker, that the people of a
State have done this for ten years and the
Federal Government has been forced, in order
to secure jurisdiction over the territory and the'
execution of the laws of the United States, to
make a territorial government of some charac-
ter, such as it can enforce; but after ten years
the people wake up and finally come to the
conclusion that they will do as they were wont
to do, adopt again a State government and
elect Representatives and Senators to Con-
gress. Well, sir, I do not know but we might
divide on political questions, but unless there
was something of a political character to divide
us I think I woula find the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] with me, if we were
here, looking with some little astonishment at
the exhibition of men coming from such a State
after ten years, and presenting themselves as
members-elect to Congress from the State of
Nimshi. [Laughter.]
" What business have you here?" is the
inquiry which would run all through this Hall.
'"Ten years ago you threw off your State gov-
ernment ; you have not elected a Governor;
you have not elected a Legislature ; you have
not sent Senators to the other end of this Cap-
itol nor Representatives to this end of the
Capitol. What does this mean? What are
you about? Not only that, but this Govern-
ment has made as much of a territorial gov-
ernment as was possible for your people. What
has become of your State organization?" I
think the gentleman from Wisconsin would
agree with me, unless it was on political grounds,
and it might be in his favor, in saying, "It is
very dangerous policy for us to allow these men
to come here and Senators to come to the other
end of the Capitol until we see what all this
means. You have no State government; you
repudiated it and trod it under your feet. There
is no call for this Government to guaranty the
State government you had, for you repudiated
it yourselves."
Mr. Speaker, it is no matter whether it be
by non-action or whether it be by positive
action, as by rebellion, that the people throw
off their State government. By the rebellion
these tfti States themselves destroyed their
governments. They repudiated their State gov-
ernments and built up others, and the inquiry
is, as their cases are presented to this House,
what their condition is. We have had proof
indisputable that such was the course that they
pursued. We had evidence over and above
their internal action at home by their fighting
against this Government for four years in an
attempt to destroy it. They are in 110 better
nor worse condition than the case that I stated
in the first instance of a people who by non-
action should destroy their State government.
But, sir, I must pass on.
Now, sir, I have no difficulty in getting at
the status of these different States that were in
rebellion with relation to this Government.
They were traitors to the Government. They
destroyed the guarantee when they destroyed
their State governments. They had none when
the rebellion closed which this Government
could, with any safety to republican institu-
tions, recognize. And it has been the effort, of
the majority in Congress ever since the close
of the rebellion in the spring of 1865, to restore
those States to their former positions in the
Union if the people themselves would build up
governments that would cherish aijid sustain
those institutions which are cherished .and susr
tained by those States that were faithful and
loyal to the Union in its late death struggle
with rebellion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to know of the
gentleman if it is not a fact recognized by us
all that at all times since 1861 and the break-
ing out of the rebellion there have been loyal
and true men in these States, and in -every one
of them, claiming the benefit of this guarantee,
and if, during all the time and up to this day,
they have not had the right to claim it ?
Mr. HIGBY. Yes, sir; let me answer that
question right here. Every law of reconstruc-
tion from the beginning down to this time has
been called for by the loyal people of th« south-
ern 8tates, and to-day, with all the carping of
men here in this Hall in regard to the treat-
ment of the South, it is only those men who
are complaining who were engaged in the re-
j bellion. The loyal men of all colors are ask-
I ing Congress to pursue the very course that
we are pursuing with reference to reconstruc-
tion. That is my answer. Sir, if the loyal
voice of the South could be heard as loudly as
the rebel voice, we would hear it echoing and
reechoing loud plaudits to the Radicals of the
Thirty-Ninth and Fortieth Congresses for the
course they are pursuing with reference to re-
construction. It was not until after long and
weary importunity that the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress would take any steps upon this subject in
the way it did. It was not until the measures
proposed byCongress, far more mild and mod-
: erate than the military bill, had been trampled
under foot and spurned with contempt by the
rebel governments instituted by Andrew John-
son that finally, by the importunities of the
loyal people of the South, we were brought to
the reconstruction act that was passed and also
to this amendment.
Mr. Speaker, I fear we shall suffer more from
moderation than we shall from promptness.
The rebellion never had any defeat that was
fatal to it. The Government of the United
States never had any substantial success until
it made war directly upon the institution of
slavery. While it was lighting around slavery
and trying to kill the rebellion without killing
i slavery also the rebellion was .all the time grow-
II ing in strength. But when it made war right
jj through slavery then the work of crushing the
rebellion was successfully commenced. And
I am fearful that by our lenity in our attempt
J at reconstruction, by going around Andrew
Johnson, we will fail, and that we will find our
only way to success to be by pushing right on
j through or over him to reconstruction, and
; only in that way.
i Mr. Speaker, as I view these things, the
!■ States which were engaged in the rebellion—
j we call them "States" for convenience sake—
have now no State organizations; they have
I wrought their own destruction. And until
something is done there by the loyal people to
restore State'governments, those people who
are and were in favor of free and republican
institutions, there will be nothing there which
: this Government should or ought to recognize
I as State governments. And it is for that rea-
: son that 1 assist in passing such measures as
these more stringent ones, in order if possible
to put a restraint Upon thosewho were engaged
ill armed rebellion against the Government of
the United States, and who are in spirit in
rebellion, until the loyal people of those com-
munities can reorganize State governments
there. And every one of these steps is for the
"purpose of giving better and more favorable
opportunity for that work to progress. For
that reason I favor this series of measures as
they are ftom time to time presented for our
consideration.
There has been a great deal said here about
attempts to trench upon the Supreme Court of
the United States. Now, I do not want any
of these gentlemen to answer me by reference
to-precedents or to .laws of Congress. I ask
the attention of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] the gentlemen from Wisconsin
[Mr. Eldridge] and Indiana [Mr. Kerb] to
wba£ I am 'about to say.
A great deal was said by the Democratic
membees of this House a few days ago when
the judiciary bill *was under consideration about
trenching upon the powers of the Supreme
Court. My opinion is that in the passage of
that bill we threw away a part of our own power
in allowing six members of the Supreme Court
to destroy any act of Congress by their decision
against it. I would ask those gentlemen where
they find in the Constitution of the United
States the power given to the Supreme Court to
invalidate any law of Congress? I find only
that they are to deal with cases in law and
equity arising "under the Constitution of the
United States," and—supplying the words
