2996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
Mr. PERRY, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 788) for the relief of Sam-
uel Pierce, reported it without amendment,
and submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORG-AN, from the joint Committee
on the Library, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of John S. Hittell, in regard to the appoint-
ment of a board of commissioners to prepare
a report upon the question of whether the
introduction of the phonetic alphabet into com-
mon use in Great Britain and the United States
is practicable, and whether it would be bene-
ficial, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported amendments intended
to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No. 605)
making appropriations for the legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial expenses of the Government
for the year ending the SOth of June, 1869;
which were ordered to be printed.
HILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
531) for the organization, government, and
payment of the Army; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, and ordered
to be printed.
PRINTED MAIL MATTER.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
176. It is important that the bill, if passed
at all, should pass now. It proposes to amend
the act of Congress of 1864, regulating the
conveyance of printed matter by mail between
western Kansas and eastern California. The
Postmaster General is about entering into
contracts for the conveyance of the mail over-
land again, and it is important that this bill
should pass now. I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 176) to amend an
act entitled "An act to provide for carrying
the mails from the United States to foreign
ports, and for other purposes," approved
March 25, 1864. The bill proposes to repeal
the fourth section of the act of March 25,1864.
The Committeeon Post Offices and Post Roads
proposed to amend the bill by striking out all
after the enacting clause and inserting:
The operation of tho fotrth section of an act to
provide for carrying the mails of the United States
to foreign ports, and for other proposes, approved
March 25, 1864. shall cease and determine on and
after the 30th day of September, 186S.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
fourth section of the act referred to read.
Mr. COYNESS. That is the section which
prohibits the transmission of newspapers with-
out the prepayment of letter postage between
certain points in the West.
Mr. RAMSEY. Between western Kansas
and eastern California.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be read.
Mr. RAMSEY. Almost all the Territories
of the West are protesting against the continu-
ance of this provision of law, and asking that
they may be placed on an equality with the
other States and Territories of the country and
allowed to receive mail matter of all sorts and
descriptions by post.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have that
law read.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Clerk has sent for it,
and it will be here in a moment. The House
of Representatives passed this bill repealing
that section of the law of 1804, but the com-
mittee found that the contract with the over-
land mail company was made in subordination
to that law, and that the repeal of it now would
probably entitle them to come against the Gov-
ernment for liberal damages. The committee,
therefore, amended the bill so as to postpone
its operation until after the 1st of September,
when the present contract with that company
expires. The Postmaster General is now about
entering into a new contract as from that day,
and it is thought advisable to pass this bill
before that contract is made.
Mr. JOHNSON. Does the Department
concur in the propriety of the bill?
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, sir; the Department
consents to it, and desires that the law referred
to should be repealed. The Clerk now has
the section, and it can be read.
Tho Chief Clerk read the fourth section of
the law of March 25, 1864, as follows :
" And be it further enacted, That all mailable matter
which may be conveyed by mail westward beyond
the western boundary of Kansas, and eastward from
the eastern boundary of California, shall be subject
to prepaid letter-postage rates: Provided, however,
That this section shall not be he^jt to extend to the
transmission by mail of newspapers from a known
office of publication to bona fide subscribers, not
exceeding onecopy to each subscriber, nor to franked
matter to and from the intermediate points between
the boundaries above named at the usual rates:
Provided further, That such franked matter shall be
subject to such regulations as to its transmission and
delivery as the Postmaster General shall prescribe."
Mr. CONNESS. I simply wish to say that
that provision was inserted in the law when the
overland mail ran over the whole route on
wheels, and it was found necessary to relieve
it from carrying the great mass of newspaper
matter. Now the two ends of the railroad are
approaching each other very rapidly, and the
means of transmission between them furnishes
greater facilities. A new contract for the trans-
portation by the overland mail is to be made,
to go into operation in September, and the
object is that all mail matter may be trans-
ported under the new contract to be made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is it paid for by weight?
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly, according to
the newspaper laws.
Mr. SHERMAN. Undoubtedly this will
largely increase the contract price for carry-
ing mail matter ; and there is no injustice, it
seems to me, in requiring this outside news-
paper matter to pay a little higher than the
present rate. It seems that under the law as
it. now stands papers subscribed for by regular
subscribers and sent even into this middle
country only pay the present rates, and the
increased rate simply applies to packages of
newspapers sent not in the ordinary course.
Mr. CONNESS. It applies to magazines
and general newspapers.
Mr. SHERMAN. I see no injustice or in-
equality in requiring persons who get these
packages to pay the increased cost of trans-
portation. Undoubtedly the contractors will
make a very liberal addition to their bids for
the new burden cast upon them by the repeal
of the act of 1864.
Mr. CONNESS. This contract will be made
! in view of the completion of the Pacific rail-
road, which will ho within the next, year, that
is, within 180!). The two roads will meet in
18G9. That is now as near a fixed fact as any-
thing can be that has not yet taken place. This
business of the transportation from the East
to all over the West of our leading periodicals
has grown to be a great business, and it is a
business that lies at the foundation of the cir-
culation of intelligence more perhaps than any
other. The people of the West are entitled to
all the facilities the mail can give. I do not
suppose the Government will be charged with ]
a ce'nt extra for the contract for carrying the :
mail. |
! Mr. STEWART. I will say to my friend j
i from Ohio that there is a very marked injustice j
i in the present law, and we have submitted to :
! it lor aconsiderable time. For instance, papers j
; and magazines printedin Calitorniaare stopped ■
; on the boundary of that State and the people j
of Nevada cannot get them. Vv hile the stages
: were ovetloaded we were not indisposed to ;
submit to this ; but now the railroad is itinning ;
over the mountains, and there is no reason why j
1 there should be a 'discrimination against the ;
eit.zens of Nevada in receiving magazines a nd j
i bundles of papers to the distribution of which !
, they are as much entitled through the mail as ;
: are the citizens of Ohio. There is no reason j
for thp existing provision now that railroads j
extend into the interior.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate will see that 1
this repeal does not affect the railroad lines,
because, so far as the railroads are concerned,
they hare contracts with the Government by
which they will transport everything that would
be properly mail matter. So far as railroad
lines are concerned, I have not the slightest
objection to allowing the same rates of postage
to be charged on printed matter in every part
of the country; but there are vast regions of
country where there are no railroad lines—for
instance, the vast region lying between middle
Kansas and southern California, including
Santa F6 and the whole of New Mexico. At
best, our Post Office Department is a great bur-
den upon the public Treasury, and there is no
reason why the Government of the United
States should carry packages of newspapers at
less than the actual cost of transportation. As
I understand, the fourth section of the act of
1864 was put in for the purpose of covering a
portion of the expense of carrying this rather
outside mail matter. The manifest effect of its
repeal will be to swell the deficiency in the
Post Office Department, already large, arrd
increasing daily by making now routes in the
West.
Mr. CONNESS. I will say, in reply to my
friend from Ohio, that he is laboring under one
serious error. The object of the passage of
the section of the act. of 1864 was to utterly
prohibit the carrying of printed matter, and
therefore it charged letter postage upon all
such printed matter and required prepayment
of it, which was an enormous tax, prohibiting
totally and entirely its transportation. Now,
the object is to remit and open it up. The pur-
pose of that legislation was to release the direct
overland mail between Atchison, in Kansas,
and Folsom, in California. It will be remem-
bered that the newspaper matter that will be
sent over the lateral lines will be very small,
while the great mass of the newspaper matter
that would have been sent over the main lines
would have prevented the transportation of
letters in any ordinary time, and therefore it
was found necessary to make this prohibition
by charging letter postage that nobody could
afford to pay on newspapers. I have not, in the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads of
the Senate, been in favor of the passage of this
bill as yet, but the committee voted me down
upon it and made a report in its favor. I think,
on the whole, it ought to enter into the new
contract now to be made, and that the repeal
ought to take place.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, this
bill perhaps ought to lie over one day, as Sen-
ators may want to look into it; but if Senators
desire to go on with this bill to-day, I will not
make the motion I desire to submit.
Mr. CONNESS. We are ready for a vote.
Mr. STEWART. We can vote nosv.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I am not clear that it is now the proper
time to repeal the section referred to in the
bill before the Senate. I think it is too early,
too soon. If we wait until these railroads
come nearer together there will be much less
difficulty about it. But I am informed by some
of the contractors that if this bill shall pass,
it will require a larger amount of force to
transport the mails by more than double; that
the newspaper mail will weigh more than all
their letter mail and passengers do at the
present moment, and that it will increase the
expense enormously, and they cannot afford
to take it at anything like the rates that are
now given under the present eontiact. It
seems to me, therefore, that it would be wise
to postpone this repeal until the railroads have
approximated to a nearer point of connection.
Formerly the Post Office Department was a
self-supporting institution; but for the last
year or two it lias been a very heavy burden,
! and I am quite sure that this will increase the
1 amount of deficit of the Post Office to a larger
extent than any gentleman now here would
be willing to admit.
Mr. RAMSEY. I, too, had a conversation
with some of the gentlemen who are engaged
in transporting the mail across the continent.
