4020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
when registered, and it was cheerfully done;
when they came to vote, however, their politics
were suspected and their tickets were marked ;
and as soon as they were known to have been
cast in the opposing interest, and that their
exclusion from the count was absolutely neces-
sary to secure the election of the Radical can-
didates, they were unhesitatingly excluded.
The veteran soldiers are thus denied, without
the slightest investigation, all share in the
government of the nation's capital, which they
saved from destruction; while the bloated
vagabonds of Africa are allowed to hold the
city's destinies in the hollow of their hand, and
the burning infamy indorsed by Congress!
How appropriate, then, how consistent for
once, were these Jacobins in substituting the
past tense for the present; for soldiers are
verily with them among the things that were.
Is it not well known that the President has been
foiled times without number by the Senate in
his efforts to appoint to office such men as the
gallant Slocum, the dashing Blair, and re-
nowned McClellan, who had bravely fought to
putdown the rebellion ; men whose only offense
was that after conquering ten States they were
not willing to make of them pandemoniums,
where dark-skinned fiends and white-faced,
white-livered vampires might rule and riot on
the little blood they could still suck out by
fastening on helpless throats, but were anxious
to restore them to their pristine status in the
Union, that they might prove a source of hap-
piness to themselves and of glory as well as
profit to the nation so nearly crushed by finan-
cial burdens, not the least formidable of which
have arisen out of the very acts wherewith this
party affect, to be seeking the restoration of the
Union; but which instead is still further em-
bittering and estranging the two discordant
sections.
God forbid that the party now in power
here, represent fairly a majority of their con-
stituents ; for if that constituency indorse
(which, however, recent elections forbid our
believing) one half the diabolism displayed in
their treatment of the South malignant, indeed,
mast they be. It were enough to harrow up
the gristly heart of a fiend. Not content with
inflicting on a brave but now prostrate people
the retributive tortures of a few months, while
the hot blood engendered by the strife was
still careering through their veins, they keep
up a studied infliction in cold blood for years,
although the pecuniary maintenance of this
black inquisition threatens to bankrupt the
nation. And what manner of people are they
torturing on this gigantic rack which they have
ereuted, covering halt'the land? Vainly will
you search the earth for their superiors ; may
1 not say their equals? Brave, generous,
kind—the noblest of a noble race. What sol-
diers in war, what captains to lead them when
they deemed their rights imperiled ! What a
galaxy of statesmen and orators in peace!
What happy hours were theirs—happy now no
more! How favored their clime, how soft
their breezes, fragrant their bowers! IIovv
lovely their women, at all times warmhearted
and true, gentle in their luxurious hours ; yet,
amid perils and wrongs, how spirited I But
now, no more can
"The light foot rove
Safu through tlie orange grove."
These Jacobins, instead of welcoming back
into the temple of the Union such a couutiy
and a people endowed with these noble char-
acteristics, the very highest elements of a na-
tion's greatness, which can adorn in times of
quiet and prove a mighty bulwark against a
foreign foe, they prefer to be guilty of national
mayhem. One portion of a great people are
deliberately maiming the other into absolute
impotence. After desolating the southern
States, they have converted them into one vast
prison-pen, where bayonets gleam at every
turn. They have set over them an abject,
half-savage race, which the northern people
themselves erewhile thought it no sin to hold
as slaves, or sell like brutes, according as the
holding or selling thereof was prospectively the
more profitable to their greedy pockets. What
more effectual means than these could be con-
cocted by the evil brain of the great adversary
himself to crush out all manliness from the
rising generation in the South? The best men
are daily bullied, and the loveliest women in-
sulted with impunity by this inferior race, who
prowl around their homes, pillage their prop-
erty, shrink from honest labor, and reek with
filth as a luxury. Reared amid such revolting
scenes, their high-spirited fathers and mothers
compelled to submit tamely, what short of a
miracle can prevent every particle of manliness
from being finally extinguished in the children?
Their education, too, is ofdire necessity, sadly
subjected. Excelsiors are becoming fainter in
their souls, and must soon die into an echo.
Many who might have been stars of the first
magnitude, far up in the national zenith, are
fated now to grope along the dim horizon of
ignorance. Thousands, before in affluent cir-
cumstances, are so constantly engaged in strug-
gling to supply their mere physical necessities,
that their is neither time nor money, even if
there were opportunity, to advance the mental
condition. Still, despite all these efforts, many
are suffering for the plainest food. But then-
physical wants and sufferings, urgent as they
are, are as nothing compared with the mental
torture, the burning consciousness of degra-
dation. Not long since Rev. Henry Ward
Beecher said in a speech that just before the
war commenced " the crust between the South
and hell was only an inch thick." Iam rather
inclined to think the reverened gentleman's
assertion was, in the main, correct, so far as it
went. But lie, characteristically, stopped short
of the whole troth. The legislation of the
Opposition has broken through that crust, and
is last making for the Anglo Saxon race a hell
of that part of our once fair domain.
Trusting, however, in the virtue and intelli-
gence of the people, I believe a few months
more will sound the death knell for those who
have so misruled us, and that in the coming
success ol the great Democratic party the true
intelligence and virtue of the country will bo
in the ascendency, and so save our temple of
constitutional liberty. And that pure patriot,
Horatio Seymour, will stand at our helm of
state and guide us to the haven ofresfc. lie, like
CineiunaUis of old, has been sought out and
brought forth from his quiet home, and the
acclamations which greeted his nomination in
New York will be reechoed in November next.
NATIONAL D U V U L 01' M E N T.
Mr. RAUM. Mr. Chairman, the people of
this country have but recently emerged from
a long and bloody war in which patriotism
triumphed over treason ; and the perpetuation
of Iree government became an assured fact in
the United States. In Uie midst of that tre-
mendous struggle, when millions of men rushed
to the grim edge of battle ready to die for
their country, and where hundreds of thou-
sands fell to rise no more, save in response to
the final trump of God, the cry upon every
patriot lip, and which was responded to by
every patriot heatt, was that all the blood and
treasure necessary to save this great nation
must be freely poured out by the people. This
sacred impulse became an enthusiasm, moving
the heart of the nation, aud lasted to the end,
giving us victoiy at an enormous sacrifice of
life, and an unheard-of expenditure of money.
But our troops vveie paid and fed and clothed
and cared for in health and in sickness as no
other troops were eared for before; the people
individually and as a nation accepted as a holy
trust tho duty of providing for the wants of
that mighty host of patriot heroes who marched
and fought for liberty and Union, for tHe sup-
port of their widows and orphans, and for the
interment in national cemeteries of the sacred
remains of those, who, consecrating their lives
to their country, died that their country might
live, and made death beautiful and glorious
by the freedom of the sacrifice, the grandeur
of the cause.
The war through which we have passed, in
addition to having filled the land with mourn-
ing, has fastened upon the people an enormous
debt, a debt incurred to preserve the unity and
life of the nation, and which must bo paid.
Mr. Chairman, although the sacrifice of hu-
man life was great, and the expenditure of the
people's money was enormous, I believe that
the hand of Providence, for a good purpose,
guided us through the thick smoke and hurri-
cane of battle. I believe that the heroic deeds
and patient sufferingand death of our soldiers,
and the lofty self-denial and patriotic grief
of our wives and mothers was not in vain. I
believe that the defeat of our enemies was
designed fortheir ultimate good ! And, above
all, I believe that we are to have broader,
grander views of the destiny which awaits us
as a nation. And that we are now making a
new departure in the race of progress for the
protection of life aud liberty, and forthe devel-
opment of processes and means bywhich labor
is to reap its richest reward. Tothe American
people is confided the greatest and grandest
subdivision of the earth upon which to work
out the problem of perfect human govern-
ment. Let us endeavorto be equal to the epoch
in which we live, and by wise legislation accel-
erate the wheels of progress and secure to our
whole people prosperity, union, liberty, and
justice.
Mr. Chairman, I have stated that the war
debt of this country, incurred for the preser-
vation of the Union, must be paid. But how
it shall be paid and when it shall be paid are
profound questions for American statesman-
ship, whose successful solution will require
the exercise of the most comprehensive wis-
dom. This debt, Mr. Chairman, is a first
mortgage upon the present and prospective
wealth and labor of the country, and must be
paid and will be paid with the fruits of labor.
And, sir, in the development of the productive
industry and commerce of our country will be
found the true means for the solution of this
great problem.
The great triumph of this age is the inven-
tion of machines and processes by which labor
is not only economized in the production of
articles of commerce, but in their distribution
throughout the world. And, Mr. Chairman,
ill my judgment the great strife among the
nations during the next half century will be to
secure to freight and passengers cheap and
rapid means of transportation ; for, sir, we
have arrived at that point when the value of a
days' lador is not to be estimated so much by
what it will produce as by the facility with
which the article produced can be transported
to market. I lay it down as an axiom, that
the value of articles of industry is regulated
by the facilities with which such articles can
be placcd upon the market.
And further, that the production of articles
of commerce depends upon the same law; such
production being stimulated and increased in
exact ratio to the increased means of cheap
and rapid transportation. Thus, sir, we find
that since the application of steam to vessels
and railroads a complete revolution has been
brought about in the production and commerce
of the world. I must confess, sir, that I was
greatly startled when I came to examine sta-
tistics showing the tremendous increase in the
trade of the world during the past thirty-six
years. Aud, sir, it is a curious and interest-
ing tact, that in all the commercial nations
whose trade has materially increased, railroads
have been extensively constructed ; and what
is more interesting, the increase of trade has
been in exact ratio to the increase of railroads,
so that the commerce of a countiy can now he
safely approximated from year to yeai from
figures already known if the increase of rail-
road construction is given. And, sir. the in-
crease of production and trade in a country is
limited only when such country has no fertile
region through which to build railroads, or
no new market, to reach by the same means.
I ask the indulgence of the House fora short
time while 1 present a few figures showing the
progress of railroad construction and the in-
