1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1973
HARBOR AND RWEIi IMPROVEMENTS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Keiir] that
the gentleman from Massachusetts^ [Mr. Eliot,]
who represents the Committee on Commerce,
desires to offer a resolution calling for some
information for the use of that committee.
Mr. KERR. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, submit-
tal the following resolution j which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
JtesolveA, That the Secretary of War be dircctcd
to submit to the House of Representatives revised
estimates of amounts recommended for harbor and
river improvements for the fiscal year ending 30th
June, 1869, reducing suoh amounts as far as may be
safely and prudently done, having in view the pro-
tection of works from injury or deterioration and
lea.^onable progress toward completing the same, re-
gard being had to the wants of commerce in each
case.
rights 05 american citizens abroad.
Mr. CULLOM. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. KERR. For a moment.
Mr. CULLOM. A day or two since an
executive communication, accompanied by cor-
respondence in regard to the rights of Ameri-
can citizens abroad, was laid before the House
and referred to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs. No ordA to print was made. The doc-
ument is one that ought to be printed, and I
ask that an order for its printing be now made.
There was no objection, and the order was
made.
Mr. KERR resumed the floor.
printing of a bill.
Mr. MILLER. Will the gentleman from
Indiana yield to me for a moment? I yielded
to him the other day. [Laughter.]
Mr. KERR. I cannot resist that argument.
Mr. MILLER. On Monday last I intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 914) allowing a re-
hearing in patent cases before the district court
of the United States for the District of Colum-
bia, and to allow an appeal therefrom to the
Supreme Court of the United States. I omitted
to ask to have the bill printed, and I now ask
unanimous consent that it be ordered to be
printed.
There was no objection, and the order was
made.
state governments republican in form.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Kerr] is now entitled to the floor
for ten minutes.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
who last addressed the House on this bill [Mr.
Kellet] assumes that it is not now a partisan
question whether suffrage should be extended
to all the States of this Union by act of Con-
gress. I believe myself it is not. From what
we have heard here to-day I am prepared to
agree with him that it is not now a party ques-
tion on that side of the House whether this
bill shail pass or not. But I infer from what
he said, and I believe it to be true, that the
moment the majority of this House feel that
they have the power to enact a bill of this kind
they will do it just as certainly as that God
exists. It is to-day the settled purpose of the
party to introduce and pass a bill of this kind
just as soon as possible.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I know
the gentleman does not want to misrepresent
any one.
Mr. KERR. I will except the gentleman
from what I have said.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. And
the gentleman should except two thirds of us.
Mr. KERR. I hold that the bill now under
consideration cannot have any shadow of legal
authorization under the Constitution of the
United States as it stands to-day. I agree
with the distinguished gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. SpaldinsJ that it runs directly across the
Constitution. But it is the fixed and cherished
policy of the majority in this House to change
the Federal Constitution. It is their deliberate
purpose, to-morrow or next week or a month
hence, or as soon as they can, to make the
Federal Constitution a different instrument
from what it now is. And then, under the
somewhat latitudinarian expressions contained
in the proposed fourteenth, article of amend-
ments to the Constitution, not only will this
bill but almost every other kind of law that the
party majority here can desire be introduced
into this House and enacted into a law.
The titleof this bill is, "A bill to guaranty
to the several States of theUnioa a republican
form of government." It appears to me that
title should be changed. It should read, "A
bill to corrupt the blood, demoralize the lives,
and undermine the foundations of all constitu-
tional government and the civil liberties of the
people of this country, and perpetuate the
ascendancy of the Radical party." Then its
true character would be understood, and no
one deceived. The country could then meas-
ure the extent of its purpose and policy. It
could then arrive at a more just conclusion as
to its duty in the premises. I do not think the
country should now hesitate an instant to be-
lieve that such is the deliberate policy of Rad-
icalism. To this result the conduct of the
majority in this House for seven years past has
pointed with as much directness and fidelity
as the compass does to the pole. They only
await the arrival of the hour when the people
will submit to the imposition of such measures
upon them.
It is said to be a bill to guaranty something.
What does it propose to guaranty? The very
idea of a guarantee is to secure the protection
or performance of something that already ex,-
ists, of a preexisting contract, compact, or obli-
gation ot some kind. Is there anything of the
kind here proposed to be guarantied? No,
sir, but the very contrary. This bill, by its
express terms, and in bold language upon its
very face, proposes not to guaranty anything
in the legal and universal acceptation of the
word, but to make constitutions for the several
States. That is the cherished policy of the
majority here. This bill proposes to prescribe
constitutions, to tear down preexisting con-
stitutions, republican in form, solemnly ap-
proved as such by the wise framers of our
Government, and sanctified by their struggles
and blood, and to build up in their places other
constitutions and forms of government not
made, organized or adopted by the people of
the States to be governed by them. This bill
does not propose to guaranty, by its provis-
ions, any form of government that now exists
to the northern Slates, but to create forms of
government there that do not exist, and to
denominate its own creations governments
"republican in form." Where does Congress
obtain such power? Who authorized Congress,
or the Radical party, to make constitutions for
the States of this Union? Have the fortunes
of the Radical party become so desperate that
they are compelled to ignore and deny the
right of the States freely to choose and organ-
ize their own local governments? This bill
asserts the right and capacity of a few citizens
of the States, selected to represent them in
Congress, to make constitutions for the several
Stales, and denies the original and inalienable
right of the people of the States to govern them-
selves. The Radical Congress of to-day may,
therefore, prescribe one form of republican
government. But if this Congress should be
succeeded by another Radical Congress, the
latter might condemn the ideal of to-day and
prescribe another, and a Democratic Congress
might condemn both and establish an entirely
different model.
Incorporate the provisions of this bill into
the constitutions of the northern States and
they will instantly cease to be the chosen and
accepted governments of the people of those
States, and will become governments dictated
to them, forced upon them, by strangers, to
which, if the last spark of patriotism and man-
hood be not extinguished in them, they will
never submit, but will rather rebaptize in blood
the sacred birth-right of local self-government.
If this bill shall become law, the constitution
under which you, Mr. Speaker, and I live to-
day, cannot without falsehood be said to have
been adopted by the people of our State ; not
at all. It %vould be a constitution made, in
part at least, by Congress, by the Representa-
tives of the States of this Union, bya power
and authority outside of the States to be gov-
erned and controlled by it, and to which the
people of Indiana ought never to submit.
But the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Broomall] was pleased to say, in the course
of his remarks, that any man who feared the
domination of the negro race in this country
was a coward.
Mr. Speaker, is it evidence of courage to
court the domination of negroes ? Is it states-
manship to introduce into the body of electors,
the governing and law-making classes, the
most inferior, ignorant, and corruptible races
on the earth ? Such a policy has not been tol-
erated or adopted by any Government, people,
or party known to history, except the present
Radical party in this country. A Government
which rests upon and can only be sustained by
the intelligence and virtue of the people, can-
not be safely committed to such guardians.
Ah, Mr. Speaker, who are the cowards in
this country to-day? Are the Democratic
party ?—a party whose fidelity to principle has
been characterized by a degree of courage and
self-sacrifice that has known no parallel in the
history of political parties or of civil govern-
ment. I will tell you who the cowards are: they
are those white men of this country who marshal
themselves under the leadership of the Radical
party, who are afraid to meet the Democratic
party, their white fellow-citizens, in a fair, hand-
to-hand fight before the people of this country,
of their own race, blood and lineage, but seek
to skulk and intrench themselves behind the
power and influence and aid of a negro popu-
lation. They are those who are the cowards.
Yes, they are afraid to appeal for support to,
and abide the verdict of their own race. They
tremble as convicted criminals before such a
tribunal, and by an unnatural and unjust exer-
cise of power appeal for support to a race
utterly incompetent either to govern or sup-
port themselves. They fear to avow before
the country the principles on which they stand.
Let it not be said that the members of the
Democratic party are cowards because they
fear negro domination. We have no fear when
we have only to do battle before the intelli-
gence and virtue of the people of this country;
but when we are compelled to meet the, ignor-
ance and barbarism and stupidity and vice of
the country, manipulated by a political party
iu power, then we do fear for the welfare of the
country. It is then, and then^ only, that we
confess to any trepidation ; it is not because
we fear the negro. The negro has no power
in this country ; and when you establish your
system of government in the South, the whole
effect of it will be to make tyrants of yourselves
and slaves of everybody else, the negro as well
as the white man.
We are told further, Mr. Speaker, that there
is a contest in this country between the Dem-
ocratic party and the negro. I do not know
how to characterize fitly that kind of political
twaddle. It .certainly amounts to much less
than the dignity of an argument. The Demo-
cratic party is to-day, and lias been through-
out the whole history of this country, the truest
and best friend of the negro; and it always will
be. It does not want to take from the negro
a single right to which he is entitled either by
the law of his being, by the law of God under
which he was created, or by the laws of the
country. We would concede to him and guar-
anty him in the possession of every one of his
civil, social, and personal rights; but we would
give him no control over the political destiny
of this country. We would retain the Govern-
ment in the hands of the race to which we
belong. We would retain it in the hands of
that race to which you belong, and to which
all the people who, in the history of the world,
have shown any capacity for self-government
have always, without one single exception,
belonged. This bill proposes to corrupt that
