1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
473
40tii Cons....2d Sess.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Cullom.
Ho. of Eeps.
well-being, if not to the existence of southern
society, securing alike to both races, not ne-
cetsauly divided in interest, but equally inter-
ested in social order and good government,
political and civil equality, leaving to each,
respectively, the right in the vexed question of
social equality to chose their own associates,
as taste or inclination may direct—for legisla-
tion on such amatterwould be unwise if practi-
cable. On such a basis society will of itself
settle down "in the good old ways of our
fathers.'' Slavery no longer exists ; its bane-
ful influence no longer blights our land. Let
ns meet the issues resulting therefrom in an
honest effort to solve these distracting ques-
tions with an "eye single"to the best interest
of our whole country, North, South, East,
and West. The'South has rights now, though
she rebelled. She is entitled to consideration
to-day, though she has been overrun and con-
quered. If her people are sincerely attached
to the Union let the Government protect her
in all her political and constitutional privi-
leges ; if she is a component part of the Union
let the Government insure her the benefit of
all the guarantees justly hers in return for that
allegiance exacted of her.
Mr. Speaker, 1 have been an untiring advo-
cate of the reconstruction of the State of North
Carolina—I have been more than anxious to
"get home." Let our return to the ark of
our political salvation be greeted with joy;
let "full fellowship" be granted us, and iii
the future, " discarding punctilio and the max-
ims adapted to more manageable times," let
each section vie with the other in the cultiva-
tion of a feeling intensely national, ardently
loyal, thoroughly American. I see no neces-
sity at this time for any change in the question
of suffrage. Universal suffrage seems founded
on expediency, on right, in keeping with the
march of events, and is to me the only sensi-
ble solution of the surrounding difficulties. It
accords with the cherished maxim of the great
apostle of Democracy, that he who was re-
quired to "pay taxes and fight for his country
was entitled to the elective franchise." Uni-
versal suffrage, however, in my opinion, should
bo accompanied with universal amnesty. Not
until these greatprinciples are both established
will our Government be fully and safely recon-
structed. In this matter there should be no
half-way house; no political purgatory, out of
which treason and crime are hatched, but on
conviction, either suitable punishment or full
pardon. Proscription for opinion's sake lias
always recoiled on the heads of its authors, and
from the temperament of man ever must. In
a political vie'w it is not only unwise, but sui-
cidal, engendering opposition and forming com-
binations formidable in numbers and vindictive
in character.
Then, sir, with conciliation and kindness on
the part of the Government toward her late
erring children,with manhood suffrage in every
State, with amnesty for past political offenses,
the rehabilitation of our country will be com-
pleted, restoration perfected, security obtained,
and happiness secured, In my State, sir, we
long for this condition of things. Peace and
quiet are necessary, in our crippled condition,
to the development of our immense resources.
Wc have a clime genial and soil fertile, pro-
ducing all the cereals known to our country,
from the rice of the sea coast to the buckwheat
of the mountains, from the cotton of the south-
ern to the tobacco of the northern portion,
interspersed with almost boundless forests of
pine, yielding turpentine and naval stores in
greatest profusion; inexhaustible mines of
gold, silver, copper, and coal basins of national
importance; the home of the grape, both Ca-
tawba and Scuppernong, of early maturity and
perfection of growth, all of which await devel-
opment under the steady arm and unbending
will of man, in the construction of railroads
and opening of rivers for cheap and speedy
transportation.
Letthecountry becomecjuiet, and there " will
be life in the old land yet," and this can only be
established by a strict adherence to the graphic
and beautiful expression of the founder of the
Republican party, who had safely conducted
the ship of state through the surging billows
of an angry sea for four long, auxious, and
bloody years, standing firm and unmoved amid
the threatened ruin of the temple of liberty.
Yet, when the billows gave way, the winds sub-
sided, the war ended, the strife was over, the
brave, though erring Lee was surrendering his
sword, the serried host were being " mustered
out," the stars and bars were being lowered
forever, and the stars and stripes, as if cogni-
zant of events, beamed forth with newness of
life, then it was the pure and gifted Lincoln in
that moment of joyous exultation exclaimed
in language impressively eloquent, "Our coun-
try is saved, our Union is preserved, now with
malice toward none, but charity for all, let us
make it endure for ages to come."
Purchase of Alaska.
SPEECH OF HON. S. M. CULLOM,
of illinois,
In the House op Representatives,
July 10, 1808,
On the bill (H. It. No. 1096) making an appropriation
to carry into effect the treaty with Russia, of March
SO, 1867.
Mr. CULLOM. Mr. Speaker, I shall vote
against the bill making an appropriation of
$7,200,000 to pay for the Territory of Alaska.
I shall give my reasons for so voting very
briefly. The Constitution says that—
"The President shall have power, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to make treaties,
provided two thirds of the Senators present concur."
It also says :
44 That all bills for raising revenue shall originate
in the House of Representatives."
44 That Congress shall have power to regulate com-
merce with foicign nations."
44 To establish an uniform rule of naturalization,"
ifec.
By these provisions it is apparent that the
treaty-making power of the Government under
the Constitution is in the President and Sen-
ate ; and that the power to raise revenue,
regulate commerce, and make uniform rules
of naturalization is vested in the Congress of
the United States.
Congress cannot originate a treaty; nor can
the President and Senate raise revenue nor
regulate commerce.
But the question here is, is this Housebound
in good iaith and under the Constitution to
make this appropriation ? The treaty made
by the President and ratified by the Senate,
provides for the payment of $7,200,000 to the
Russian Government for the Alaska terri-
tory. Now, are we as the House of Represent-
atives, bound by the Constitution and in
honor to provide for its payment? If we are,
then, we should do so at all hazards ; if we are
not, then it becomes a mere question of ex-
pediency, to be decided by our estimation of
the value of the contract, if such it may be
called. On determining the question it seems
to me there is butonepointin the case to settle.
Is the treaty perfect and complete, or is it un-
finished and inchoate and dependent upon the
very question we are considering, namely,
whether we shall make the appropriation ?
I fully understand the fact that Congress
can, by mere force of its own will, refuse to
make the appropriation; but the question is
can it do so consistent with the honor of the
nation and its constitutional prerogatives? If
the treaty is perfect and complete, so that the
nation is bound and may be held responsible
by the Russian Government in case of failure
to make the appropriation and payment, then
I should vote the appropriation. But it seems
to mc that it is not. The Russian Govern-
ment knew that the power to raise revenue
rested with Congress. There can be no pretense
that that Government was ignorant of the .pro-
visions of our Constitution. Itwas well known
that Congress would have to be invoked, and
that that branch of the Government was free to
act as its members might choose. It has been
the settled doctrine of this country ever since
1794 that Congress has the right to deliberate
and carry out or refuse to carry out a treaty as in
their judgment might be for the public good,
when such treaty contained stipulations which
depended upon Congress for their execution.
The resolution adopted by the House of Rep-
resentatives of the Fourth Congress asserted
that doctrine, and it has been adhered to ever
since. I give the resolution :
44 Resolved, That it being declared by the second
section of the second article of the Constitution that
'the President shall have power, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to make treaties,
provided that two thirds of the Senators presentcon-
cur,' the House of Representatives do not claim any
agency in making treaties, but that when a treaty
stipulates regulations on any of the subjects submit-
ted by the Constitution to tho power of Congress, it
must depend for its execution as to such stipulations
on a law or laws to bo passed by Congress; and it is
tho constitutional right and duty of tho House of
Representatives in all such cases to deliberate on the
expediency or inexpediency of carrying such treaty
into effect, and to determine and act thereon as in
their judgment may bomostconducivo to tho public
good."
This resolution is explicit and clear in its
declaration that when a treaty stipulates reg-
ulations on any subject which by the Constitu-
tion is submitted to the power of Congress,
in such cases Congress has the right to delib-
erate on the expediency or inexpediency of
carrying such treaty into effect.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I submit that if .Congress
has the right to deliberate and vote and pass
whatever law may be necessary to carry out a
treaty, where by its terms legislation is neces-
sary, as in this case, an appropriation being
necessary before the terms of the contract can
be complied with in paying the money for the
land, or to refuse to enact such legislation, is it
not the inevitable conclusion to which you must
come that such a treaty does not become the
supreme law of the land until such legislation
is had, and that it is a contract entered into
between the parties, but not binding upon the
Government because it remains in an inchoate
condition? Of what consequence is the right
to deliberate, if after all we are bound at last
to come to but one conclusion, and that to do
whatever may be necessary to carry out the
treaty? The resolution of 1791 is nonsense if
it simply means the House may consider and
then vote as the President and Senate desire, or
even if it means that we may deliberate and
then violate a contract which is claimed to be
the supreme law of the land, and to be such a
contract as to give the other party the right to
demand reparation for a violation. The doc-
trine of the Constitution and of the resolution
of 1794 amounts to more than a declaration
of arbitrary power; it amounts to a declara-
tion, in my judgment, that a treaty which re-
quires the action of Congress to carry it into
effect does not become the supreme law of the
land until such action by Congress is had.
Justice McLean, in my judgment, took the
correct view of the matter in his opinion found
in 5 McLean's Reports, page oil. He says
that—
"A treaty is the supremo law of the land only
when the treaty-making power can carry it into
effect.
"A treaty which stipulates for tho payment of
money undertakes to do that which the treaty-mak-
ing power cannot do; therelore the treaty is not the
supreme law of the land.
"To give it the cficct tho action of Congress is
necessary. And in this action the Representatives
and Senators act on theirown judgment and respon-
sibility, and not 011 the judgment and responsibility
of the treaty-making power. . , , , _
"A foreign Government maybe presumed to know
the power oi appropriating muuey belongs to Oon-
Sr^ No act of anvpart of the Government can be held
to bo a law which has not all tho sanctions to iuake
it law."
