1868,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2097
They did object to the bill as it was passed by
the House of Representatives, but they accepted
the proposition reported by the Senate com-
mittee as a fair compromise, and gave their
entire consent to this modification from and
after the expiration of the present contract.
The additional expense will not be one dollar.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend will allow me
to say that they accepted it on the ground that
the contract expired in September, and that
if the change was made, they would, as a mat-
ter of course, have a reasonable allowance.
Mr. RAMSEY. No ; they anticipated bid-
ding again for the contract, and I presume hope
to get the contract; but the railroad will have
advanced so far by that time that they can take
this additional burden without any additional
expense.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads a question. When the contracts
expire on the 30th of September, if that be the
time—that is the time fixed in the bill—there
will not be railroad communication completed ;
and between the 30th of September and the
completion of railroad communication, by what
process is it that we are to get this carrying
done any cheaper than we shall be able now
to get it done ?
Mr. RAMSEY. If you do not get it any
cheaper, you will get more service done.
Mr. CONKLING. But I understood this
to be the idea: that an economical and pru-
dent thing was to be accomplished by this
amendment, inasmuch as it fixed a period
ahead of the expiration of current contracts
as the time when this act shall take effect, of
course for the reason that then, in making
fresh bids, the whole matter could be adjusted.
If the railroads were to be in operation at that
time doubtless the bids would be much lower
than they are now, going around by water or
going overland by horse-power; but in the
absence of the railways during the next year
or year aad a half, whatever the time may be,
I iuquire of the chairman why it is that the
Government is clearly not to pay the whole
expense, as it would do now of carrying this
matter, und at the same time without any re-
muneralive postage?
Mr. HARLAN. It doubtless will cost some-
thing more ; but I should like to know on what
principle the people who live in the new States
and Territories can be compelled to pay more
for the transportation of newspapers than the
people who live in the old States.
Mr. CONKLING. I did not intend by my
question to suggest the contrary of what the
honorable Senator says; but I understood
some Senator to say that this measure involved
no expense and for the reason that the time of
its taking effect was fixed at a future day. Of
course we do not want to vote under a mistake
of facts.
But. to answer the question the Senator puts
to me, I beg to suggest that the reason why
people in the remoter States should pay more
than people in States less remote is that they
are further off; that the service is worth more;
that like all other things in the nature of
property the cost of production, the cost of
accomplishing the thing, is to be taken into the
account when you are measuring what the com-
pensation should be. That is the reason.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, if it_were
possible to reduce such a theory to practice, it
might be well enough to cojapel the people of
Iowa to pay more for the transportation of let-
ters or newspapers than the, people of Now
York or the people of Maryland, who reside
nearer the places of publication or the point
where letters are mailed ; but the system that
we have adopted is to charge umforfti priegg'for
carrying let ters all over the United SteKiS. It
would result, doubtless, advantageously to the
people in the Territories to some extent; but
we have heretofore been affording the frontier j
settlers this small advantage as a slight coin- I
pensation for the hardships they encounter in ;
opening up a new country. (Jnder the present j
arrangement the people iu these new Territo- I
ries are compelled to pay express rates for all
the newspapers they receive, or else wait until
those papers can be shipped around the Capo
or across the Isthmus. The time has arrived
when the termini of these railroads, the one
being constructed eastward from California
and the other westward from the Missouri
river, liave come so near reaching each other
that the committee deemed it proper to repeal
this law discriminating against the people in
the new States and Territories.
Mr. CORBETT. I understand, if this con-
tract is relet, and it should cost a little more
than it does at the present time, that as soon
as the railroad is completed the contract will
be again let under the law, and that then the
mails will have to be sent by the railroads
according to a fixed rate as provided by law
now. Therefore, if it should be relet under
this bill, it would go into operation under that
contract with an increased cost for perhaps one
year or one year and a half, and at the end of
that time the expense would be greatly reduced
under the law by sending the mails by the rail-
roads; so that it cannot be a great expense to
the Government for this short time.
Mr. RAMSEY. The reason why the oper-
ation of this bill was postponed until after the
new contract was that the Government would
bo responsible in damages, in all probability, to
this transportation company if it imposed upon
them the carrying of matter that they were
excluded from carrying under their contract.
I say that in answer to the Senator from New
York. If we impose upon them this new labor,
not contemplated in the contract entered into
with them, they will be entitled to damages.
For that reason we postponed this provision
until the expiration of the present contract.
Mr. STEWART. I was about to reply to
the Senator from New York that this did not
depend altogether upon the cost of produc-
tion. For instance, my State is about three
hundred miles distant from San Francisco and
only about one hundred and fifty miles from
Sacramento, and there is a railroad there, and
yet it costs more to get newspapers there than
it does to send them from Boston to Omaha.
In fact, the present rate is prohibitory. They
cannot be sent without paying full letter post-
age. This is not a question of distance: it is
a question of arbitrary lines dividing Califor-
nia and Nevada, and prevents papers being
carried over there when the distance is' very
short. This discrimination has been a very
severe one, but we have allowed it to remain
so far because we were unwilling to overload
the overland mail so that it could not be car-
ried at all. It has operated very severely on
Nevada all the time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Is there an
amendment pending?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the committee is pending.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
amend the amendment of the committee by
striking out "1888," the last word in the
amendment, and inserting "1869.''
Mr. FRELING1IUYSEN. IIow will it read
then ?
The Cnrer Clerk. The amendment of the
committee, if amended as proposed, will read
as follows:
That the operation of the fourth section of an act
to provide for carrying the mails of the United States
to foreign ports, and for other purposes, approved
March i5, lSlil, shall cease and determine on and
after the oOth day of September, 1869.
Mr. CONKLING. It ought to be 1870.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It ought to
be, as the Senator from New York suggests,
1870, but certainly it ought to bo postponed
until 1869. I trust that there will be no objec-
tion to that amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion on the amendment to the amendment, and
declared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for the
yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator will agree
to modify his amendment so as tQ make it the
year 1900, Ithinkheinay carry it. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I placed it at
1869 because the Senator from California told
me privately he would go for it. [Laughter.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 20 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cole, Conkling, Cragin, Davis,
Ferry. Fessenden, Frelinghuysen, Hendricks Mor-
gan, Morrill of V ermont, Morton, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Koss,
Sherman, and Willey—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Conness, Cor-
bett, Drake, Harlan, Howard, Howe, Ramsey, Stew-
art,Sumner, Thayer, Tipton. Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Vickers, Wade, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew,
Cattell,Dixon. Doolittle, Edmunds, fowler. Grimes,
Henderson, Johnson, McCreery, Morrill of Maine,
Norton, Nye, Saulsbury, and Kprague—17.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment reported by the
committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, Mr. President, I
wish to say only a word in regard to this bill.
The law as it stands enables the people of the
Territories as well as of the States to receive
their mail proper at the same rates of postage
that are received between Philadelphia and
New York. The same price is charged for a
letter addressed to the remotest regions of the
United States as is charged for a letter carried
five miles. So with all newspapers carried in
the ordinary course of transmission to sub-
scribers in the ordinary way. Our postal laws
have beeu within a few years extended to all
express matter really. They have been greatly
extended so that our postal service now em-
braces a vast variety of matter that was formerly
excluded from the mails. Large packages of
newspapers are sent for distribution and resale
by dealers ; so that the Post Office Department
does a great deal of business that ia olden times
would have been done by express companies.
The fourth section of the act of March 25,
1861, which it is now proposed to repeal, was
intended to prevent an abuse. Every ounce
of matter carried to these remote Territories
costs several times the amount received by the
Government for its transmission. So far as
letters are concerned, which tend to promote
an interchange of communication between
citizens of the United States, it maybe unwise
to discriminate, although the cost of their trans-
mission is a great deal more there than in other
settled portions of the country; but when you
extend the postal service so that it embraces
a great variety of matter, coming more properly
within the duty of common carriers, there is
then a proper reason for limiting the amount
of mail matter that may thus be carried. It
seems to me that this fourth section of the act
of 180i was a wise one. I think the amount
paid to the Overland Mail Company is $000,-
000 per year.
Mr. CONNESS. One million dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was formerly when I
remembered it $000,000. the original contract,
now increased to $1,000,000. _ In 1800 when
the act was first passed, I tlunk it was §000,000.
Then we give a sum for transporting mail mat-
ter around by water.
Mr. CONNESS. That is deducted from the
$1,000,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then probably I was
right that $000,000 is the amount paid to this
company. Our laws were so arranged that
the balky matter was transported by water at
a less price per ounce or per pound, and m
this way the expense was lessened. -^°J ltis
claimed that because the Pacific railroad ap-
proaches completion this discrimination should
