1974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
ruling race, not alone itr the South, but through-
out the entire country. It proposes to appeal
to that ignorant and inferior race to help the
party now in power to retain the political con-
trol of the country. It was the theory and
doctrine of our ancestors in this country, of
the fathers of our Constitution and our system,
of Government, that civil liberty is secure so
long only as it rests upon the foundation of
the intelligence and virtue of the people. Is
it proposed now to extend and widen and deepen
those foundations?
No; it is proposed to undermine, to sub-
vert, to overthrow them, and to substitute for
them the sandy foundations of negro ignorance,
incapacity, and barbarism. This revolutionary
and corrupting policy is demanded by no ex-
isting condition of things in the country. It
can advance the true interests of no class, sec-
tion, or State. It may give temporary and
hateful ascendancy to a party. But should
any party willing thus to retain power be
trusted by the country? I think not.
I make tlie bill of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Broomall] a part of my re-
marks.
A bill to guaranty to the several States a republican
form of government.
"Whereas the form of government of several of tlie
States of tho Union is not republican in this particu-
lar. that by the constitutions and laws of such States
political lights are made to depend upon paientago
and race, and are hereditary in certain families, to
the exclusion of others equally citizens of the United
States; and whereas it is the constitutional duty of
tho United States to guaranty toovory State a repub-
lican form of government: Therefore,
licit enacted, die., That all provisions and enact-
ments in State constitutions and laws which inako
distinctions in polilical or civil rights among citizens
of the United States, or deny such rights to any such
citizens on account of parentage, race, lineage, or
color, are, and aro hereby doeiared to be, void and
of 110 ollect.
Sko. 2. And be it further enacted, That if any porson
shall prevent any qualified citizen of the United
Stales from exercising tho right, of suffrage at any
election in any States, under the pretense that such
citizen is disqualitied by tho constitution and laws
of P'.ieh >Sta'te on uocount of his parentage, ra.co. line-
age. or color, such person shall be deemed guilty of
a misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof in the
proper eoui t shall bo sentenced to pay a fino not ex-
ceeding $5,000, or to undergo imprisonment not ex-'
ceedmg five years, or tjoth, in tlio discretion of tho
court.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOMALL. I desire now to with-
draw the motion to reconsider, in order that
the bill, together with the amendment of my
colleague, [Mr..Stevens] may go to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 move that the bill and
amendment bo Iftid.on the table.
The SPEAKHR. The bill is not before the
House. Tho pending question is a motion to
reconsider the reference.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I move that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's col-
league [Mr. Biioomall] has the Uoor, and
proposes to withdraw the motion to reconsider.
Mr. BROOMALL. I withdraw tho motion.
Mr. RANDALL. My colleague is afraid to
"toe the scratch'' and take a vote directly on
the question.
Mr. BROOMALL. I will state, for the benefit
of my colleague, [Mr. Randall,] that it was
not my intention to ask a vote on this bill
without its having been regularly considered
by the Judiciary Committee, hence I want the
bill now to go back to the committee. I called
it up on the motion to reconsider, partly for the
purpose of alarming my venerable friend from
the Luzerne district, and also to hear our elo-
quent colleague from the Lancaster district,
with whose noble speech I must say I was very
much gratified. I must say, too, inasmuch as
allusion has been made to tlie convention of
1838, by which the constitution of Pennsyl-
vania was made anti-republican to a certain
extent, that I hope my colleague, [Mr. Ste-
vens,] who refused to put his name to that
constitution, will live to see the day he can
conscientiously put his name to it, when that
anti-republican obnoxious word "white"' will
be blotted out,
. And then, on motion of Mr. ALLISON,
(at four o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under -the rules, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. BARNUM: The petition of P. E.
Burr and 24 others, owners and masters of
vessels aud merchants engaged "in the trans-
portation of merchandise by water through
Long Island sound, citizens of the State of'
Connecticut, and residents of the village of
Black Rock and sea-coast towns in said State,
praying for an appropriation for the protec-
tion of the harbor of Black Rock.
By Mr. BOYER: The petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying for the repeal of the
law establishing bonded warehouses.
By Mr. BUCKLAND: The petition of Peter
Evans and 19 others, manufacturers and jour-
neyman cigar-makers of Tiffin, Ohio, remon-
strating against stamping each cigar for rev-
enue.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Magaret Nyce,
for relief.
By Mr. DONNELLY: A memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of St. Paul, Minne-
sota, in relation t.o the completion of lines of
railroad extending from Sioux City to Lake
Superior, and connecting the Great Trunk
lino from the Atlantic to the Pacific oceans.
Also, the petition of Lieutenant H. G. Hicks,
E. M. Marshall, and others, citizens of Min-
nesota, protesting against the passage of the
Senate bill to prevent tho payment of bounty
to deserters and to prohibit tho payment of
$100 bounty to soldiers who entered the ser-
vice prior to July, 18(31.
Also, the petition of Captain Henry Piatt,
Sergeant J. Helbergen, and others, for the
same purpose as tho above.
Also, the petition of Captain N. C. Nor-
cross, Lieutenant William Shaw, and others,
for the same.
Also, the petition of Lieutenant Samuel G.
Roberts, J. E. Jenekes, and others, for the
same.
By Mr. FLANDERS: The petition of the
members of the Legislature and others, citizens
of Washington Territory, asking an amend-
ment of the organic act of the Territory in re-
lation to the manner of electing members of
the Council.
Also, the petition of the associate justice
of the supreme court of the Territory of Wash-
ington, asking an increased compensation for
services.
By Mr. LAPLIN: The petition of I. H.
Sherman and others, in favor of reduced ex-
penditures and taxation.
Also, tho petition of Brigadier General J.
E. Curtis and others, praying Congress to
order a medal to every officer, soldier, sailor,
and marine who has received an honorable
discharge in tho war just closed, &c.
By Mr. McCLURG : The petition of Sam-
uel Henley and Miles J. Henley, of Missouri,
for compensation for steam ferryboat.
By Mr. MYERS : The petition of the guard-
ian of the minor child of D. C. Odenbeimer,
deceased, a corporal of company A, twelfth
Pennsylvania cavalry, for arrears of pension
fromDecember 11,1863, the date of the widow's
remarriage, to January 23, 1808, the date pen-
sion commenced.
By Mr. VAN TRUMP: Tho remonstrance
of Captains B. S. Shirley, Henry C. Greiner,
and John Wilson, of Perry county, Ohio,
against the passage of Senate bill No. 311.
Also,thepetition of Eli Harsh and 7!) others,
citizens of Pickaway county, Ohio, praying
Congress to establish a post road from Shades-
ville, Franklin county, Ohio, to Genoa, Pick-
away county, Ohio.
Also, the petition of J. N. Hawkins and 147
others, citizens of Ross and Pickaway coun-
ties, Ohio, praying Congress to establish a post
road from New Holland, in Pickaway county,
Ohio, via Greenland, to Chillicothe, Ohio.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 19, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT^wo tempore. The O'nair
will lay before the Senate a joint resolution of
the Legislature of Wisconsin ; which will be
read.
The Secretary read as follows :
Joint resolution No. 16, instructing our Senators and
requesting our Representatives to adhere to the
policy oftboloyalpeople of theRepubiic as adopted
by Congress.
Whereas tho events which have very recently
taken place and aro now transpiring at the Federal
capital aro such as distinguish timesof great national
peril; and whereas it is the right and duty of tho
people of tho State, when occurrences like the present
aro pressing upon them, to give utterance to their
will and to strengthen and support those upon whom
tlio responsibilities of the occasion directly rest:
/Je itrtsohedbythe Assembly,(thsSenataaonoumiaa,)
That our Senators in Congress aro instructed, and
tho members of tho House of Representatives from
this Stato are requested, to adhere with unflinching
firmness to tho policy of the loyal people of the Re-
public adopted by Congress,-that they resist with all
coiistitution.il, just, and efficient means any and all
attempted usurpation of power by any officer of the
Government, and that in this they discharge their
whole duty as guardians of the rights and liberties
of tho country.
Resolved, That we declare our confidence in the
patriotism and statesmanship of Hon. Edwin M.
Stanton, Secretary of War; that wo admire the cour-
age and constancy with "which ho successfully resists
tho unwarranted attompts at executivo encroach-
ments; that we approve the action of the United
States Senate in restoring him to the office from which
he was unjustly suspended; that it is the desire of the
citizens of the State of Wisconsin that he shall re-
main in the "War Office so long as the country is in
danger from the conspiracies of its enemies, what-
ever be their character or position; and that wehonor
General Grant for that obedience to law which
prompted him at once to surrender the office of Sec-
rotary of War to him upon whom it was conferred by
our martyred President.
Jicsuloed, That the Governor of the State is hereby
requested to transmit an attested copy of th e fore-
going to each of our Senators and Representatives
m Congress, to the Presiding Offiecr of each House
of Congress, and to Hon. Edwin M. Stanton.
A. M. THOMSON,
Speaker of the Assembly,
N. M. LITTLE JOHN,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be laid on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also pre-
sented a memorial of the Manufacturers' and
Mechanics' Association of Wisconsin, praying
a repeal of tho tax on manufactures; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
a large number of citizens of Washington, in
which they ask Congress to pass a bill for the
recharter of the city of Washington. They
particularly protest against any bill that shall
associate Washington with Georgetown or that
shall bring Washington under the government
of what are called commissioners. They ex-
press their opinion in favor of the bill intro-'
dnced some time ago by myself, which is en-
titled "A bill to renew the charter of the city
of Washington." I ask tho reference of this
petition to tho Committee on the District of
Columbia.
It was so referred.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer the petition of
colored citizens of Kent county, Delaware, in
which they represent that they have always
been loyal to the Government, and particu-
larly so during the great war of tho rebellion ;
and that by an act of Congress they have been
made citizens of the United States, which act.
they add, according to the laws of Delaware, is
of 110 benefit to them as citizens, for they aro
deprived of the rights of citizenship in the
State of Delaware. Accordingly t ney pray
Congress now assembled to enact such laws as
shall secure to them all the rights that in jus- ."
tice pertain to them as American citizens,
ofter a similar petition of colored citizens of
Newport, Newcastle county, Delaware; asim-
ilar petition of colored citizens of Laurel, Sus-
sex county, Delaware: a similar petition of
colored citizens of Frederica, Kent county,
Delaware; another one from Frederica, Kent
