474
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 15,
Ho. of Reps.
Irrigation and Forest Culture—Mr. Donnelly.
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
So, according to this decision, the treaty
with Russia for the purchase of Alaska is not
the supreme law of the land because it under-
takes to do that which it cannot do. Justice
Marshall also entertained the same opinion.
In 2 Peters, page 258, he says;
" Our Constitution declares a treaty to be thelaw of
the land. It is consequently to be regarded in courts
of justice os equivalent to an act of the Legislature,
whenever it operates of itself, without the aid of any
legislative provision. But when the terms of the
stipulation import a contract, when either of the
parties engages to perform a particular act, the treaty
addresses itself to the political, not the judicial, de-
partment. and the Legislature must execute the con-
tract before it can become a rule for the court."
Then, if the treaty has not yet become the
supreme law of the land, and if we have the
right to deliberate and are left perfectly free to
make the appropriation or refuse it, then the
question recurs, What ought we do in reference
to this appropriation? In other words, ought
we to purchase, pay for, and own this territory
now? I do not agree to the declaration that
the territory is worthless. My opinion is that
some day the territory will be valuable, but do
we want it now, and are we in a condition now
to begin a policy of acquisition? It seems to
me not.
Our nation is in great financial embarrass-
ment. We have just passed through a terrible
war. We owe $2,500,000,000. Our debt is
enormous in its proportions. The people are
staggering under the mighty load.
We are here working and trying to devise
ways and means to raise money to pay the
interest upon the public debt and to meet the
current expenses of the country, and at the
same time lighten the burdens upon the people.
Our public domain, without that territory, is
almost boundless. Thousands and millions of
acres of our lands yet remain unsurveyed and
unoccupied. Are we in this condition of our
affairs to deliberately inaugurate a new policy,
and by it saddle upon the countiy an increased
debt? Are we in this state of things, while the
people are appealing to us for help and relief,
to begin a series of purchases of land not con-
tiguous to our own borders?
While day after day we sit here and refuse
appropriations for rivers and harbors and other
internal improvements which should be made
in the very centers of trade and commerce in
our country, are we to vote money to buy a
region which yet has scarcely been explored,
and to say the least is of doubtful value? It
seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that we should not.
I do not agree that our couutry is as large as
it ever ought to be. I believe that we are
destined to own and control the whole western
continent from Baffin's bay to the Carribean
sea. But, sir, we need not be in a hurry.
When the fruit is ripe it will fall into our hands.
We need not be in haste, especially in times
like these, to buy this or any other territory.
But it is said that by securing this purchase
England will not get it, and we shall be clear-
ing the way to get the strip she owns between
us and Alaska. I have no fears on that point.
England is not blind. She knows too well that
all that country in the course of time is bound
to form a part of the American nation, and
that when the time comes, when the American
Government needs it, she will own it, either by
purchase or conquest.
France has had a little schooling in the busi-
ness of undertaking to set up an empire in
Mexico, and her failure is notice to all other
Governments that the land between the Atlantic
and Pacific oceans and north of the Carribean
hr-a is to be dedicated to free government and
] rotccted by the stars and stripes. It is only
a question of time, and the time should be
regulated by the needs of this country.
.Mr. Speaker, I feel bound to vote against
this appropriation because I desire to see this
House assert what seems to me to be clearly
its constitutional right in refusing this appro-
priation, because we do not need the territory
at present, because our people are already bur-
dened with a public debt as much as they can
bear, and finally, because we are sure of getting
this territory whenever the growth of our young
Republic may require it. Let us husband the
resources of the nation, let us cut down ex-
penses, let us make no new debts, let us favor
the people in every possible manner consistent
with the honor andintegrity of the Government,
until we come out of our pecuniary embarrass-
ments, and then it will be time enough to treat
for Alaska, St. Thomas's Island, Greenland,
and Cuba. Until we do relieve the people of the
burdens of taxation; until we get a little further
along in the development ofthe resourcesof the
country we already own; until we get able to
improve the harbors and rivers in our midst, it
seems to me we have no occasion to struggle
to buy more land.
Irrigation and Forest Culture.
SPEECH OF HON. I. DONNELLY,
of minnesota,
Ik tiie House of Representatives,
July 15, 1868,
The House being in Committee of the AVhole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. Chairman, thegreat
lines of the Pacific railroads are penetrating
into a region with characteristics very different
from those of the country bordering on thetwo
oceans. Emigration is entering that region ;
considerable communities have arisen within
it; States are being born there.
The administration of this great domain is
part of our public duty. We must consider its
capabilities and the means for their develop-
ment.
This region possesses marked and singular
characteristics. It is one of great aridity. As
a consequence it is treeless.
It was for a long time believed that all this
interior country would be uninhabitable. It
was set down on the old maps as " The Great
American Desert."
If the institutions of a country leave the
energy and industry of man free, the obstacles
of nature disappear from hi3 path; if those
great forces are cheeked and hampered ho
suffers in the midst of abundance.
It has been found that the " Great Ameri-
can Desert" recedes as the foot of the Ameri-
can advances into the wilderness. It is now
believed that almost every part of that wilder-
ness will yet be rendered habitable by man.
It is proposed to overcome the aridity of the
atmosphere and the consequent dryness of the
soil by irrigation.
Already several bills are pending before this
body for grants of land to California, Nevada,
and other States for the construction of great
works of irrigation. It is proposed in these
bills to form large central canals leading from
the sides of the mountains or from lakes or
rivers, and of a size fit for navigation by small
boats ; and from these main canals smaller
canals are to branch off, and again from these
other canals still smaller, until at last the water
will be distributed over the land in the furrows
drawn by a plough. It is proposed that Con-
gress shall give the company constructing such
works one half of all the lands they irrigate.
The lands so proposed to be given are at the
present time utterly without value, having
been, in some cases for many years in the
market without finding a purchaser. One half
of the lands, rendered by irrigation fertile and
habitable, will be worth more to the Govern-
ment and the people than the whole of the
lands in their present barren and useless
condition.
Nor is the practicability of such an under-
taking at all a matter of doubt. Even in our
own country irrigation has already been carried
on upon a large scale. The success of the
attempt in the case of the Mormon colony in
Utah is well known to the world ; and in Cali-
fornia a large portion of the agriculture of
the State is dependent upon irrigation for its
success.
Nor must it be forgotten that in those regions
esteemed "the cradle of the human race "the
remains of ancient canals indicate that irri-
gation was one of the first instrumentalities
employed by man to wring subsistence from
the earth. In Persia, in Egypt, in India, and
in China, irrigation far antedated recorded
history. The desolation which has fallen upon.
Palestine resulted from the destruction of the
reservoirs, canals, and terraces by which in the
day of her prosperity irrigation was secured.
The dependence of Egypt upon irrigation is
well understood. There is not a single spring
in the whole land, and the rain-fall is but two
inches in the year; and yet this land, sur-
rounded by the arid atmosphere of the desert,
was the granary of the ancient world, and is
rapidly rising into importance in the markets
of the present day. More unpromising than
any portion of our great plains, it was made by
the skill of man to sustain a population '' as
dense as any that ever existed in any part of
the world."
In the south of Europe irrigation is exten-
sively practiced. In Lombardy, upon each
day in summer, an amount of water is distrib-
uted over the earth equal to the entire volume
of the river Seine. In Sardinia and Savoy
about six hundred thousand acres are culti-
vated by means of irrigation. In France two
hundred and forty-seven thousand acres are
irrigated. In Lombardy, Sardinia, and France
more than three thousand square miles of land
are watered by irrigation, while it is believed
that the total amount of land irrigated in the
Mediterranean basin is equal in area to the
entire area of the Mediterranean sea.
The great Suez ship-canal is largely increas-
ing the arable land of Egypt to the extent of
hundreds of square miles.
These various facts all demonstrate that irri-
gation is not an experiment, but that it has
been accomplished on a very large scale in
other countries, and that millions of human
beings depend upon it for their means of sub-
sistence.
i hope to see these bills all passed. They
should be properly guarded to prevent a mo-
nopoly of the water and to insure the rights of
settlers.
Their success will lead to other experiments
on a still larger scale until all the torrents of
the mountains and all the rivers of the plains
are brought under the control of man, and
nearly all the level land of these great wastes
are rendered fertile and populous and pros-
perous.
American enterprise will apply itself to these
works as it has already applied itself to the
construction of railroads. Capitalists will dis-
cover that at a comparatively small cost they
can carry the watersoflakesandriversfor many
miles and convert wastes of land which they
receive as a gift into gardens of fertility of
enormous value ; while the Government will
obtain in its reserved sections an equally large
quantity of land for distribution among the
people under the preemption and homestead
laws.
Thehighest statesmanship is that which calls
out the capabilities and hidden resources of
nature, and add to the happiness of mail.
Another and a more surprising result will
follow irrigation iu our interior portions of the
continent.
We find everywhere in the world that the
density in the growth of the larger forms of
vegetable life, the trees, is in exact proportion
to the humidity of the atmosphere. Hence,
as we recede from the oceans, the parents of
the rain, we find the air becoming drierand the
growth of the timber decreasing, until having
passed the region of the prairies interspersed
with groves and forests, we come at last to the
