590
fflE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
instructed to cause an immediate examination of the
above facts to bo made by the corps of Government
engineers at Louisville, and report the same promptly
to this body.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object. It is not a
private bill.
Mr. EGGLESTON. It is in regard to a
private railroad company.
The SPEAKER. It is not a private bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This is
simply a resolution.
Mr. EGGLESTON. It is in reference to
building a bridge across the Ohio river at
Louisville.
The SPEAKER. It is of a public char-
acter.
LANDS ON TUE PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. PRICE. I ask leave to report from
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad a joint
resolution restoring lands to market along the
Pacific railroad and branches. I think this
comes ander the head of bills and joint reso-
lutions of a private nature. It restores lands
to private settlement.
The SPEAKER. It is a public bill, and can
only be considered by unanimous consent.
Mr. BENJAMIN and Mr. WASHBURNE
of Illinois objected.
ADVERSE REPORT.
Mr. JULIAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported adversely on the petition
of Samuel F. Crawford; and the same was
laid on the table.
CHANGE OP REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs was discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of
Susan Libby, of Maine, for bounty, back pay,
and pension for the service of her son; and
the same was referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
TWENTY PER CENT. ALLOWANCE.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs were also discharged
from the further consideration of the letter of
the Secretary of War ad interim, in answer to
a resolution of the House of the 11th instant
relative to the twenty per cent, allowance to the
clerks in his Department; and the same was
referred to the joint Committee on Retrench-
ment.
BULLET MACHINE.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs were also discharged
from the further consideration of the petition
of A. G. Snyder for compensation for liis in-
vention of a bullet machine, now used in the
ordnance department; and the same was re-
ferred to the select Committee on Ordnance.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the petition of Philip W.
Stanhope, captain of the twelfth United States
infantry and brevet lieutenant colonel of the
United States Army, for pay for three months
as colonel of the fifth Kentucky volunteers, of
which he was in command, and for which he
never received a commission; and the same
was laid on the table.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the memorial of H. G.
Tibbals, late captain of the twelfth Ohio in-
fantry, who asks pay for the space of about
three months when he was a prisoner of war;
and the same was laid on the table.
A. P. ROCKWELL.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a joint resolution (H.
Ii. No. 153) for the relief of A. F. Rockwell;
which was read a first and second time.
It directs the proper officer of the Treasury
and pay department to settle the accounts of
A. F. Rockwell as first lieutenant of infantry
from the 25th day of October, 1861, to the 17th
day of September, 1863, which rank as an offi-
cer in the military service of the United States
he is hereby recognized as having held during
the whole of said period.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I "call for
the reading of the report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed
there is no written report.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will explain the case.
Captain Rockwell was appointed aid-de-camp
on the staff of General Buell, and went on duty
in October, 1861, having been appointed a lieu-
tenant in the sixty-fifth New York volunteers,
but he did not receive his commission for sev-
eral months owingto irregularities in the muster
of troops in New York at that time. He, how-
ever, actually went on duty and performed all
the duties of his position, received his pay, and
has been steadily in the service of the Govern-
ment until the present time. He is now in the
regular Army. The papers on file in the case
show all the facts in the case. The only trouble
is he is not able to close hi3 accounts in the
War Department in consequence of the time at
which he was mustered not corresponding to the
time at which he went on duty. The vouchers
are complete and full, showing that all the ser-
vices were* performed ; the pay has all been
granted, and it is only a matter of accounts.
The joint resolution does not take any money
out of the Treasury whatever. It simply pro-
vides that his accounts may be adjusted on the
condition named, to wit: that he has been in
the service and has performed the duties. The
joint resolution is simply a repetition of what
has been done scores of times in similar cases.
I ask the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to ask a question if it is permissible to
make an inquiry in regard to this matter.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will withdraw the pre-
vious question for that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
inquire if this does not set a precedent under
which ten or fifteen thousand cases will be
brought in ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I answer the gentleman,
not at all. This precedent has already been
set in a hundred cases. The private laws show
case after case of precisely this character, and
I have had it referred to the War Department.
The certificates of the officers of the Depart-
ment are among the papers that I have sent
up. I have tried to be very careful, and the
committee have agreed to be exceedingly care-
ful, in reference to such cases.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I thought
from the reading of the joint resolution that
the proposition was just enough. But I should
like to know how for this may be extended
and to what extent the precedent will take us.
Mr. GARFIELD. The precedent cannot
take us at all from just such cases as this, and
such a precedent has been set, as I said before,
a score of times already from the beginning
of our military legislation to the present time.
. Mr. SPALDING. I desire to ask my col-
league a question. If an officer performed his
duties as an offifer before he was mustered -in
can he have pay for that time ?
Mr. GARFIELD. There is a specific law
■which embraces cases of that kind.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There are
cases of members of this House that are em-
braced in that proposition, and I think there
ought to be a general law on the subject, and
that we ought not to make fish of one and
flesh of the other.
Mr. GARFIELD. There is a general law
for all cases occurring after a certain date. But
this was the case of the appointment of an aid-
de-camp by the general of a department in the
field, and the officer served, supposing there was
legal authority for that appointment, and several
months elapsed before nis commission came
and lie was properly mustered in. This only
authorizes a settlement of accounts in this
specific case. The committee think it safer to
decide each case on its own merits than to pass
a general bill which might be construed to in-
clude cases which on the merits do not deserve
to be included; and as a protection and to avoid
letting in too large a class of cases we prefer to
adopt this mode.
Mr. PAINE. As I understand the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, this
is not. a case where a commission was issued
to an officer who at the date of the com-
mission was actually on duty in a grade corre-
sponding with his commission, but it is a case
where an appointment was made by an officer
i in the field unaccompanied by a commission to
'! the grade in which he was at the time doing
■ duty.
i Mr. GARFIELD. No, sir; he received an
appointment, but not a commission. He
received an appointment from the Governor
of New York, but the commission didnot come
for some three months.
Mr. PAINE. I correctly stated what the
gentleman from Ohio had already announced
to the House. Now, if it had been proved that
a commission was issued to this gentleman at
that time, the case would fall clearly within the
principle already established and repeatedly
recognized by the Second Comptroller of the
Treasury, who has decided that where an officer
has satisfied him that he received a commission
on a given day, and that from that day he was
discharging the duties proper for that grade to
which he was commissioned, he will pay him
from the time when the commission was issued.
But here is an entirely new principle ; here is
a principle entirely different from that, where
the Committee on Military Affairs proposes to
authorize persons who have been merely ap-
pointed, but not commissioned, to draw pay
back beyond the time of their commission to
the date of their appointment, according to the
grade in which they happened to be serving at
the time when they were appointed. Now, it
seems to me that the precedent established by
the Comptroller of the Treasury is a reason-
able one, a rule that we in Congress may safely
follow. _ The proposition of the Committee on
Military Affairs made to the House this morn-
ing will involve us in danger, for we know not
to what extent it will go. I am opposed to
setting aside the precedent of the Treasury
Department without very good reason for so
doing.
Mr. GARFIELD resumed the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman to yield to me for a few moments.
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I entirely
misunderstood the proposition of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs. I supposed, as a mat-
ter of course, that it was the case of an officer
holding a commission. I did not suppose we
were to go back and pay an officer for a time
he never held a commission. I know some
generals who, in Missouri, went on and made
officers "indiscriminately, and issued commis-
sions to men who have never been paid. If
we are to go on and pay men who never re-
ceived commissions I do not know where we
will be led.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman certainly
does not understand this case. The Governor
of the State of New York sent a letter of ap-
pointment to this officer as a lieutenant. On
that letter of appointment the general com-
manding the department of the Ohio detailed
him as his staff officer, or rather appointed him
as aide-de-camp on his staff. On these two
papers he proceeded to perforin his duties and
drew his pay. Three or four months afterward
his commission came on. He therefore had the
two letters or papers, the one of appointment
from the Governor of New York and the
other from the general commanding the de-
partment of the Ohio. When he came to
settle with the Treasury Department as a
quartermaster in the service, the accounting
officer of the Treasury said, to him: "Your
commission does not cover all the time for
which you have drawn pay. We cannot set-
tle with you any of your accounts until that
matter is all settled." This officer now asks
the passage of a bill to cover his case. *
These papers have been before the War
Department, have been approved by that De-
partment and by the General of the Army.
In addition to that, let me say that the com-
mittee at the same time had under considera-
