1976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
details would be like furnishing the reports over
again. The Senator says those details are
given to a very large extent in the reports that
accompany the President's message. Now,
he wants to repeat all that; and, if that bo
done, I cannot get the aggregates I ask for
until, perhaps, the close of the session, which
will defeat the very purpose I had in view in
offering the resolution. If he wants to get the
detailed information ho speaks of let him offer
a separate resolution, and I will not fear that
it hurts ns. Let him offer his resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think my friends will
find that probably all the information they ask
for is published in the tabular statements an-
nexed to the remarks I made on Tuesday.
Mr. POMEROY. All I desire is that in
making up the statement of expenditures the
items shall be given, so that those who pay the
taxes and are anxious to know what is clone
with them shall see for what the money has
been spent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a point of order.
I wish to inquire of the Chair whether debate
on the merits of the information that is to be
obtained from the Secretary of the Treasury is
in order on a mere motion for an order to
return the paper so that it can be debated.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The rules
do not prescribe how any gentleman shall argue
a question. There is no rule of order with
regard to varying from the point before the
Senate. Every Senator must judge of his own
arguments.
Several Senators. Question, question.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the question?
The PRESIDENT pr,o tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kansas moves that the resolution
adopted yesterday and transmitted to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be sent for, with a view
to a reconsideration.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire if
anybody ever heard of such a motion as that
being made before?
Tlie PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
cannot answer that question.
Mr. GRIMES. This is apiece of legislation;
it is not desired to have an executive commu-
nication with the Chief Magistrate of the coun-
try. We have entire control over this matter.
If we do not wish to have the information we
called for yesterday we can pass another reso-
lution specifyingparticularly the kind of inform-
ation we do want.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Kansas
has a right to move a reconsideration.
,Ir. GRIMES. Ho has a right to move to
reconsider, and that ends the whole matter.
When you reconsider, the question will recur
on the passage of the original resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The rule is
in regard to all matters except executive nom-
inations that they cannot be reconsidered un-
less the paper is in the possession of the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. That is so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The twentieth rule, with-
out any regard to executive nominations, ex-
clusively says this:
" When a question has beon once made and carried
in the affirmative or negativo it shall be in order for
any member of the majority to move for a reconsid-
eration thereof; but no motion for the reconsidera-
tion of any vote shall bo in order after a bill, resolu-
tion, message, report, amendment, or motion upon
which the vote was taken shall have gone out of the
possession of the Senate, announcing their decision,
except a resolution confirming or rejecting a nomin-
ation by tho President."
Therefore it appears to'me by the express
letter of the rule, in order that tho Senator
from Kansas may exercise his right to move to
reconsider, it is necessary to request the return
of the resolution, so as to have it in the pos-
session of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
agrees with the Senator from Vermont in that
respsct.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly; I know the
Chair agrees with me; but I was endeavoring
to convince the Senator from Iowa that he
ought to agree with the Chair.
Mr. GRIMES. Well, I do not see the ap-
plicability of the rule which the Senator has
read. That simply relates to legislative pro-
ceedings between the two Houses, and to noth-
ing else. This is a piece of legislation that is
consummated; and now, if you want to affect
it, you must pass another resolution rescinding
it or changing its phraseology, or requiring a
different duty to be performed by the Secretary
of the Treasury. This rule simply relates to
the interchange of communications, messages,
documents, papers, and bills between the two
Houses of Congress.
Mr. CONNESS. Why, Mr. President, it
seems an exceedingly strange doctrine to an-
nounce here that this body has not a right to
send to one of the Departments for a paper.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow
me to suggest to him that the Secretary of the
Senate informs me that the paper I offered is
now in tho Senate and has not been away from
the Senate? An engrossed copy of it has
been sent to the Department, but the original
document itself is here.
Mr. CONNESS. Then let the Senator move
to take it up for consideration.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No ; I do not move
that. It was passed yesterday.
Mr. POMEROY. The engrossed resolution
is the document. The papers we offer here
arc not considered as the original papers when
they have been engrossed. The engrossed
papers are the documents.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Kan-
sas, to request the Secretary of the Treasury to
return the resolution referred to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish, before that
vote is taken, to say one word to the Senate.
I had no sinister purpose in offering the reso-
lution. It has been a straightforward business,
so far as 1 am concerned. The Senate passed
it. Now, if the Senator from Kansas wishes
any additional information to come with that,
he can otter his resolution requiring the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to send, in connection with
that information, such additional information
as he wants, and it does not produce any delay.
I want an answer to the resolution I introduced.
Mr. MORTON. I am not very conversant
with the rules of the Senate, but I suppose,
from the practice of the Senate in other cases,
it has a very clear right to send for this resolu-
tion. I think it must have passed without any
consideration in the first place, becauso the
greater part of it is clearly unnecessary. Up
to the end of the last fiscal year we can obtain
from tho public documents all the information
called for. I understood my colleague to say
that he called for certain specific information ;
but the resolution does not show that. If that
was his purpose he should have directed his
resolution to that point; but as it stands it is
a general call for information which is already
contained in official documents up to within a
very short period. I suppose, however, the
motion made by the Senator from Kansas is
eminently proper.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Here is the resolution
that I offered:
Resolved, That the Secretary of tho Treasury be
requested to inform Ihe Senate what have been the
monthly expenditures and the average expenditures
per month of the War, Navy, and Interior Depart-
ments since tlio 1st day of July, 1865; and also the
monthly expenditures of each bureau of said Depart-
ments during the present liscal year.
There is nothing very extraordinary about
the resolution. I say to my colleague that he
is mistaken when he says the same information
is to be found in the documents. A monthly
statement 1 cannot find in the documents. I
find quarterly statements and annual state-
ments, but I want the monthly statements. It
does no harm that we have this information,
and I desire it.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not object to that;
I only want more of it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then offer your reso-
lution separately.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Kan-
sas.
The motion was agreed to.
revision 0® the rules. -
Mr. ANTHONY. We have had a good
deal of discussion about the rules this morning.
I move now that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of the report of the select Commit-
tee on the Rules. I have been trying to get
that up a number of times.
Mr. NYE. Let us make our reports.
Mr. ANTHONY. If this be taken up I
will not object to any business being interposed
that requires no discussion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Rhode Island is in order,
and tho question is on that motion.
The motion was not agreed to; there being
on a division—ayes 13, noes 19.
papers withdrawn,
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, it was
Ordered, That William Jones have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers from the files of tha
Senate.
message from the hodse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeiag
votes of the two Houses on the bill(H. R. No,
718) making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year ending 30th June, 1863, and for
other purposes.
reports of committees.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
48) to authorize the settlement of certain ac-
counts in connection with a memorial of Al-
bert Greenleaf, reported that the bill should
be rejected, and submitted an adverse report
thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
. Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 204) to provide for the appointment of a
supervising surgeon of marine hospitals of the
United States, reported it with amendments.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 401) to authorize the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from New
Orleans, in the State of Louisiana, to Mobile,
in the State of Alabama, and to secure to the
Government the use of the same as a military
and post road, and for other purposes, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred resolutions of the constitutional
convention of Georgia, in favor of a loan of
$100,000 by the Government, to the South
Georgia and Florida railroad, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Finance;
which was agreed to.
alto velo correspondence.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the resolution to
print extra copies of the report of the Secre-
tary of State on the " Alto Vclo" claim, have
instructed me to report it back without amend-
ment, and ask its present consideration.
The resolution was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to, as follows;
Itcsolvd, That two thousand extra copies of the
report of the Secretary of State on tho "Alto Velo"
claim of Patterson and ilurguiendo be printed for
tho use of the State Department.
bill recommitted.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate to take np Senate bill No. 276,
relating to a grant of land to the Northern
Michigan Railroad Company, for the purpose
of having it recommitted to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 270) to grant lands to the Northern Mich-
igan Railroad Company, in extension of tha
Northern Pacific railroad, was taken up.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the bill be
