3000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
we allowed this provision to stand, that we
might encourage the repudiation of the na-
tional debt, just as though we are bound, as a
Congress, to take eare that the people of each
State, in- the regulation of their own domestic
affairs, shall conform to our views of matters
and things. If the Federal Government stood
in the position that the debtors in Georgia do,
repudiation would be inevitable, because the
Federal Government could not to-day pay its
debt if it was compelled to do so. If there
was any power in any court to compel it to
pay, to render judgment, and to issue execu-
tion against the Federal Government, could
the Federal Government pay its debt or one
tenth part of its debt under such circumstances?
But the Federal Government has the power to
provide the terms and conditions upon which
it will pay ; it fixes the time when it will pay
its indebtedness ; it puts off the payment for
years, and it proposes now to extend the time,
and the creditors of the Federal Government
have no power but to submit to the regulations
that are imposed upon them. So there is no
analogy whatever between the cases. The
simple fact that the people of the State of
Georgia desire that there shall be a temporary
suspension of the power to collect debts there,
is no reason, and it can be perverted in no
way to excuse or justify repudiation.
There have been very many sound philoso-
phers and statesmen who have argued that all
taws for the enforcement of the collection of
debts should be abolished. Every man has a
right in Georgia, who is so disposed, to pay
his debts; every man who feels bound in honor
to pay has a perfect right to pay ; and it has
been argued by some very distinguished men
that it would be as safe, and that it would be
of as much advantage in every point of view
to intrust the payment of debts to the honor
of "the debtor, as to provide that the creditor
might pursue him through a court of justice.
I do not, of course, indorse that view of the
subject; but in view of all the circumstances,
considering the condition of the people there
and the doubtful character of this legislation,
as the question does not seem to me to be
entirely clear, I think we had better not inter-
fere. If you take the provision altogether it
contemplates that the obligation of the con-
tract shall exist, because there is a clause
declaring that at a subsequent time when
creditors may proceed under the law of the
Legislature to collect debts a certain tax shall
be imposed, showing that this section recog-
nizes the obligation of the debt. I do not say
that I would have advised such a section in
the constitution of the State of Georgia; but
I say that after it has been made by a conven-
tion of the people there, and after it has been
approved by a majority of the people, in view
of all the circumstances and of what we know
to be the necessities of that people, and in
view of the advantages to all, the advantages
to creditors as well as debtors, we ought not to
disturb it. So far as creditors living in other
States are concerned, their remedies in the
courts of the United States remain entirely
perfect. This is a matter altogether that con-
cerns the people of the State of Georgia; and
if they agree among themselves that they will
suspend the collection of debts for a given time
for the benefit of all concerned, whose business
is it? They alone are concerned. Are we to
set ourselves up as the guardians of the people
of the State of Georgia on this question, and
say to them, " You do not know how to take
care of yourselves, and we will undertake to
regulate these matters for your benefit." Where
are the creditors in the State of Georgia who
have come hero and complained of this sec-
tion? They say that they desire that it shall be
in here; it makes the constitution acceptable;
it provides for repose; it enables every man to
go to work with a feeling of security and to
resuscitate his fallen fortunes. The man who
has been unfortunate during this war, who has
become involved in debt, whose property in
slaves has been taken away by the convulsions
of the war or the amendment of the Constitu-
tion, may go to work, and he may feel secure
that he can do something for the improvement
of the country and the support of his family
and the benefit of society, without having a
sheriff at his heels all the time to seize every
crop that he undertakes to raise, and to keep
him in a state of servitude under the burden
of indebtedness.
Now, sir, ought we not to let the people of
the State of Georgia manage this matter for
themselves? We are in no way complicated
if we accept this constitution. We did not
makeit. We donotpass any judgment upon this
provision of the constitution. I doubt not there
are many provisions in all these constitutions
about the constitutionality of which men might
very properly differ ; but if any man is aggrieved
by any provision of any constitution there that
is supposed to be unconstitutional, the courts
of the country are open for redress, and that
man can vindicate his rights there. But, sir,
I deny that it is our business to undertake
to supervise the creation of these constitu-
tions, beyond requiring that they shall be
republican, that they shall protect the civil
and political rights of all men ; but so far as
courts are concerned, so far as contracts are
concerned, or commerce, or business within
the jurisdiction of these several States, I sub-
mit that the people there ought to be left to
regulate those matters for themselves.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, it is quite
evident, from the language of this clause of the
constitution of Georgia, at least it is evident
to my mind, that it resulted from the efforts of
the debtor part of the community. I do not,
however, regard it as any worse on that account.
The debtor part of the community have their
rights as well as the creditor portion ; but they
have no greater rights. While it is the duty
of legislators to protect the rights of the debtor,
it is not- by any means to be forgotten that the
honest creditor is equally entitled to the pro-
tection of law. I shall vote against the amend-
ment which has been offered, to strike out the
clause in the report of the Committee on the
Judiciary disagreeing to this seventeenth sec-
tion of the fifth article of this constitution. I
look upon that section as disfiguring the con-
stitution of that State, and do not believe that
to-day, if the opinions of the people of that
State could, upon a full consideration of the
subject, be taken on the question of retaining
this clause of their constitution, they would
do so.
If there be any quality of a civilized govern-
ment more bright aud shining than any other,
it is the regular, vigorous, and prompt admin-
istration of justice between man and man, and
particularly the enforcement, of pecuniary obli-
gations between them. Without this quality
no government is entitled to the name ; and I
dissent entirely from the views taken by those
philosophic writers to whom my honorable
friend from Oregon has referred, that it would
be better for all to leave the question of indebt-
edness to be settled between the parties with-
out any intervention of the laws. I do not
believe that debts would be paid upon the
principle of mere honor as promptly as they
are now paid under the threat of an execution
and forced sale for that purpose. We have not
yet quite reached those millennial days when
every man regards the rights of his neighbor
as equally precious with his own.
Now, sir, what is this clause? It is as fol-
lows :
"1. No court in this State shall liave jurisdiction to
try or determine any suitagainst any resident of this
Slate upon any contract or agreement made or im-
plied, or upon any contract made in renewal oi any
debt existing prior to the 1st day of June, ISto: nor
sha! 1 any coiu tor ministerial officer oi tins State have
authority to enforce any judgment, execution, or
decree rendered or issued upon any contract or agree-
ment made or implied, or upon anj' contract in
renewal of a debt existing prior to the 1st day oi
Juno, 1805, except in tho following cases/'
It cannot escape the attention of Senators
that here arc two classes of contracts, both of
which come within the prohibitory terms of the
clause. The first covers every executory con-
tract that may be made between parties or that
may have been made at a ay time in that State
prior to the 1st of June, 1865. For instance,
a party in Georgia enters into a contract with
his neighbor upon a valuable consideration to
convey to him at some future time 3 tract of
land; he has not yet conveyed it; the time -
within which he is to make the conveyance has
arrived ; and this elause of the constitution
steps in and declares that even under such a '
contract a court of equity shall be deprived of
the power to compel the party to perfeet h-is
contract and give a conveyance to the purchaser.
Is this just? Of course it is the height of injus-
tice. The constitution in this respect operates
as a fraud upon the honest purchaser by taking1
away from him all judicial remedy to compel
the vendor to perform his agreement. The
same may be said as to every description of
executory contracts whether in reference to
real estate or to personal property. All those
contracts are brought within the category of
this prohibitory clause.
Again, it declares that no contract out of
which an indebtedness shall have grown and
no renewal of such a contract, whenever that
contract may have been made, however old it
maybe, however sacred it may be, shall he thf*
foundation of any remedy in a court of jus-
tice. Mr. President, this is very harsh and
sweeping; and we are now called upon to
approve and affirm this strange provision in
the constitution of Georgia. Why, sir, it. was
long ago settled that every law of a State by
which all substantial remedy is taken away
from the party upon his contract is a violation
of the obligation of that contract. Take away
the remedy of the party upon his contrae', say
to him that the court of justice shall not come
to his aid, and you legally violate the contract
itself. This, sir, is very old doctrine; it was
decided as long ago as the case of Green vs.
Biddle, in 8 Wheaton's lieports. It was there
decided that such an act is a violation of that
clause of the Constitution! of the United States
which prohibits the States from passing an act
impairing the obligation of a contract. Can
we consistently, even by our silence, approve
such a principle as this? Can we here vote an
approval of this constitution, which, by its
very terms, is a violation of the Constitution
of the United States, which we have sworn to
support? Sir, I cannot (io this. I cannot for-
get n>y obligation to the Constitution; 1 can-
not forget that that instrument prohibits the
adoption of auy such principle by a State.
Now, sir, I insist that theie can be no neces-
sity even in Georgia for such a clause as this.
It will not be long before the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States
will become to all intents and purposes a part
of the Constitution. Thatamendmeiitdeclarea
that all manner of indebtedness contracted in
aid of the recent rebellion shall not be the
foundation of any claim in any court of justice.
This is the language :
Bat neither the United States nor any State shall
assume or pay any debt or obligation incurred iu aid
of" insurrection or rebellion against the 1,'ii Ued States,
or any claim for tho loss or euiuneipation of any
slave; but all such debts, obligations, and claims
shall be held illegal and void.
No matter where tliey are set i>p, whether
as a claim against a State or a claim of one
private party against another, this amendment
of the Constitution declares them to be void.
Of course they can never be enforced even in
a private proceeding between man and man,
so that so far as any such kind of claims is con-
cerned, the provision is already ample and
sufficient, and all debtors involved in them may
rest perfectly secure from all molestation on
their account.
Again, we have recently passed a bankrupt
law which is of universal application in all
parts of the United States and to all the people
of the United States, the people of Georgia
included. That act enables every honest debtor
who is insolvent, by a certain proceeding to be
taken according to the terms ot' the act, to dis-
charge himself from his indebtedness. Every
man in Georgia who owes debts and who has
honestly become insolvent, whether by the
