1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1977
recommitted to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad.
The motion was agreed to.
PENSION APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask leave to make a report
from a conference committee.
The PRESIDENT jpro tempore. The report
will be received.
Mr. GRIMES. The committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (H. R. No. 678) making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions
of the United States for the year ending June
SO, 1809, have instructed me to report that the
committee have been unable to agree. I will
state to the Senate that the only subject of con-
troversy is in regard to the naval pension fund.
It will be remembered by the Senate that, as
the appropriation bill came from the House of
Representatives originally, there was a section
covering the entire naval pension fund into the
Treasury. The Senate, after debate, adopted
an amendment or substitute for that section,
declaring that the naval pension fund should
hereafter draw three per cent, interest. The
House failed to agree to that amendment, and
a committee of conference was appointed on
the disagreeing votes. I am instructed by the
Senate conferees to move that the Senate in-
sist upon its amendment and ask for another
conference.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the conferees
on the part of the Senate be appointed by the
Chair.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore subsequently
appointed Mr. Grimes, Mr. Edmunds, and Mr.
lll'xjlejcks.
RODERICK R. BUTLER.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
870, to remove political disabilities from Rod-
erick R. Butler, of Tennessee.
The motion was agreed to.
GEOIIUE VV. DOTY.
Mr. NYE. The Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Captain George W. Doty, praying that he may
be placed in the position on the Navy Register to
winch he considers himself entitled, ask leave
to report a joint resolution for his relief. It is
simply a question of assigning him his position
on the Register, and I should like to have the
resolution acted upon at the present time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
question regularly before the Senate; but the
joint resolution reported will be read a first
time if there be no objection.
The joint resolution (3. R. No. 120) for the
relief of George W. Doty, a commander in the
United States Navy on the retired list, was
read a first time by its title, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. NYE. 1 hope the Senator from Illinois
will let me take a vote on the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We cannot have two
bills before us at the same time. I have no
objection to the report being made; but it it
is considered it will displace the other bill, 1
suppose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot be
done except by unanimous consent. By that
anything can be done. '
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the^ Sen-
ator from Illinois will yield to me, I desire to
offer a resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
the offering ot a resolution.
Mr. NYE. This will not take half a minute.
It is merely to correct a mistake. I hope the
Senator will not object to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not object if it
does not displace House bill No 870.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution indicated by the Senator from Ne-
vada will be taken up if there be no objection.
By unanimous conseut the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 126) for the relief of George W.
Doty, a commander in the United States Navy,
on the retired list, was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs that the name of George W. Doty,
commander United States Navy, be placed
upon the Navy Register as a commander from
the 16th of July, 1862, the date of his com-
mission.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
PRINTING OF PARIS EXPOSITION REPORTS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. With the
consent of the Senator from Illinois, who
yields for the purpose, I offer the following
resolution:
AThereas the Sonata of the United States did,
upon March 8, 1868, adopt a resolution authorizing
the printing of the reports of the commissioner of
the United States to the Paris Exposition: Therefore,
Be it resolved, That tlie Committee oil Printing
inquire into the amount of material to be printed
under the aboveresolution, the cost of the same, and
also whether such publication involves the prepara-
tion and the printing of any maps, plates, or illus-
trations, and, if so, what will be the costof thesame:
and also whether said resolution contemplates, at
the discretion of the Secretary of State, the publica-
tion of reports therein referred to both separately
and together; and that, until further order by the
Senate, said resolution be suspended.
1 have consulted with the chairman of the
Committee on Printing, and he has no objec-
tion, and I take it no member of the Senate
will have any objection, to the passage of this
resolution.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
POLITICAL DISABILITIES OP R. It. BUTLER.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask leave to—
Mr. TRUMBULL. I must insist on going
on with the bill regularly before us. We have
but a few minutes left of the morning hour.
Mr. CHANDLER. This will not take a
minute.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will take long enough
to rule this bill out to-day.
Mr. CHANDLER. Oh, no.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I feel that I must ob-
ject, as I desire to pass this bill to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
taken up on motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois is before the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 870)
to remove political disabilities from Roderick
R. Butler, of Tennessee. The Committee on
the Judiciary reported the bill,, with an amend-
ment, to strike out the preamble in the follow-
ing words:
Whereas R. It. Butler, Representative-elect from
the first congressional district ofl'ennessee, performed
honorable service in the Army of the United States
from September, 1863, till May, 1864: Therefore.
And also to strike out all of the original bill
after the enacting clause in these words:
That the disabilities imposed upon Roderick E.
Butler, of Tennessee, by foico of the act of Congress
entitled "An aetto provide for the more efficient gov-
ernment oi the rebel States," passed March 2,1867,
and the act of Congress supplementary thereto, passed
March 23, 1807, and the act supplementary thereto,
passed July 19,1867, a.nd by any provision of the Con-
stitution of the United-States, are hereby removed.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
That any disabilities imposed by the Constitution
or acts of Congress known as the reconstruction acts
upon Roderick E. Butler, of Tennessee, in conse-
quence of participation in the recent rebellion, be,
and the same are hereby, removed. And the said
Butler, on entering upon the discharge ot the duties
of any office to which he has been or may bo elected
or appointed, instead of the oath prescribed by the
act of July 2,5862, shall take and subscribe the fol-
lowing oath: I, Eoderiek B,. Butler, do solemnly
swear (or affirm) that I will support and defond the
Constitution of theUnitedStatesagainstall enemies,
foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and
allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation
freely, without any mental reservation or purposeof
evasion, and that I will fa ithfnlly discharge the duties
of the office on which I am about to enter: so help me
God.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I should like to ask
the honoi-able Senator from Illinois what hon-
orable service Mr. Butler performed anterior
to 1863. There seems to be a special refer-
ence made to a particular date ; that after that
date he performed honorable service in the
Federal Army. Will the honorable Senator
from Illinois tell us what honorable service
Mr. Butler performed anterior to that date and
since the commencement of the late war?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps I ought to have
stated in explanation of this bill to the Senate
that, as appears by the preamble, Mr. Batter
is a Representative-elect from the State of
Tennessee to the other House. The House
of Representatives have passed and sent us
two bills, one of which relieves Mr. Butler
from any disabilities imposed upon him by what
are known as the reconstruction acts, and the
other authorizes any person, without naming
Mr. Butler, who has been relieved by act of
Congress from his disabilities, to qualify as a
Representative by taking a certain oath, which
is not the whole of the oath of July 2, 1862,
known as the test-oath, or the oath of office
which is familiar to the Senator from Delaware.
I understand the facts to be these: Mr. Butler
was a member of the rebel Legislature of Ten-
nessee, and cannot, therefore, take the oath
properly, as is thought by the members of the
House of Representatives, to qualify himself
to take his seat; but after being a member of
the rebel Legislature of the State of Tennessee
he joined the Union armies and performed
good service to the country, and his, in tho
opinion of the House of Representatives, is a
case entitling him to be relieved from any dis-
abilities that have been imposed upon him.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the honorable
Senator allow me to ask him if he will not
agree to an amendment of this kind : that any
person who, since the date mentioned, 1863,
did not give aid or comfort to the rebellion
shall be relieved from disabilities, by taking
the same oath ; so that it may not be confined
to Mr. Butler alone, but that all that class of
persons situated like him since the date of his
supposed adherence to the Union cause shall
also be relieved by taking a similar oath ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary have had this subject under con-
sideration, and have found it difficult, as the
cases are so different, to frame a general pro-
vision. We are considering that subject with
a view of reporting in favor of such persons as
seem to be entitled to relief from the disabil-
ities which have been imposed upon them ; but
it was thought better to confine this bill to the
particular case.
The House of Representatives, it will be
seen, is disposed to admit Mr. Butler to ta"ko
his seat without requiring him to swear that he
has not held any ottiee under any government
in hostility to the United States, which is part
of the oath of office of 1862. It will be re-
membered by the Senator from Delaware that
the Senate, when the Senator from Tennessee
[Mr. Patterson] appeared in this body,
passed a similar resolution to relieve him
from taking that portion of the oath ; but the
House refused to agree to it at that time.
Now, the House seems to have adopted the
view which the Senate took at that time, that
where a party shows that he was a true Union
man and performed service to the country he
may be relieved from taking that portion of
the oath which in this case Mr. Butler cannot
take, in the opinion of the House of Repre-
sentatives; and therefore the committee have
confined the bill to this particular case. We
have incorporated in the amendment the pro-
visions of both bills, so as to pass but one. It
was nccessary to amend the House bill, be-
cause, in removing the disabilities from Mr.
Butler, it contains a provision in the latter
clause removing any disabilities imposed by
any provision of the Constitution of the United
States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday is before the Senate, being
the bill (H. R. No. 900) to exempt certain,
manufactures from internal tax.
Mr. TRUMBULL. [ ask that that be laid
