3002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10*
why wonlfl it be necessary or useful for Con-
gress to establish a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy ? Every State could regulate the matter
for itself by stay laws or otherwise, and we
should have the whole country checkered with
ununiform and peculiar systems of bankruptcy.
But, Mi-. President, go a little further in
these provisions, and you find that no debt,
that no evidence of debt which is in any
respect tainted by affinity or contact with the
rebellion, is to be enforced. That is all well
so far, but entirely unnecessary, by the by, as
was said by the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan, because this constitution is not to speak
until this bill is consummated, until it has
passed both Houses and received the execu-
tive signature or been passed over the execu-
tive veto, and whenever that occurs, and the
act shall take effect by the ratification by each
of these States of the fourteenth amendment
of the Constitution of the United States, then
every debt tainted by reason of connection with
the rebellion is paralyzed and annihilated by a
provision paramount to all this. But I say
going only so far the provision is quite defens-
ible ; but what do they add to it? That
"The burden of proofshall be upon the plaintiff
to satisfy the court and jury that the bond, deed,
note, bill, or other evidence of indebtedness upon
which said suit is brought, is or are not, nor is any
part thereof founded upon or in any way connected
with any pnch illegal contract."
Stopping right there it would have been
pretty hard to impose the negative on a plain-
tiff for example, if usury were set up in a State
where there are usury statutes, to show affirm-
atively that there was no usury as a part of
his case in chief. But further:
" A nd has not been used in aid of the rebellion and
the date of such bond"-—
I ask the attention of my honorable friend
from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] to this, in view
of aquestion he asked yesterday,which seemed
to me very cogent—
" and the date of such bond, deed, note, bill, or
other evidence of indebtedness shall not be evidence
that it lias or has not, since its date, been issued,
transferred, or used in aid of the rebellion."
So that the bona fide, holder of a bond issued
by the State of Georgia long anterior to the
rebellion, or the holder of any other speciality
good for twenty years by the former statute of
limitations of the State of Georgia must show
affirmatively as a part of his ease in chief
where that bond has been ever since the rebellion
broke out; and the defendant may sit by and
fold his arms without offering any evidence
whatever of its being tainted, and he never
can be called upon to make his proof until
the other party has shown negatively the
absence of all these bad qualities.
What will the Senator from Oregon say to
this in the face of the decisions that the laws
as they stood affecting the enforcement, the
discharge, the remedies applicable to contracts,
all enter into and form a part of the contract,
so that displacing them does violate the sanc-
tity of the contract? What will he say in view
of these decisions of a provision such as I
have read? But look a step further in this
constitution :
" It shall be in the power of the General Assembly
to assess and collect upon all debts, judgments, or
causes of action when due, founded on any contract
made or implied beiorc the 1st day of June, 1865, in
the hands of any one in his own right, or as trustee,
agent, or attorney of another, on or alter the 1st day
ot January, 18S8, a tax of not exceeding twenty-five
per cent., to be paid by the creditor on pain of the
forfeiture of the debt, but chargeable by him as to
one half thereof against the debtor, and collectable
with the debt."
Did any man ever hear in a land of written
law of a provision like that? Here is a man
m the State of Georgia who, when the rebel-
lion broke out, owed a firm in the city of New
York $o0,000 for merchandise furnished—and
it is not barred by the statute of limitations,
let me remind the honorable Senator from
Ohio, as he suggested yesterday—'for although
seven years have run, and six is the customary
duration of the statute in the States, Congress
passed an actwhich, by the by, was unnecessary,
providing that during the pendency of the rebel-
lion no statute of limitations should run. The
Supreme Court of the United States at its last
term decided that with or without that act
(because they said the law had been so in the
absence of it) the statute was arrested by the
rebellion and did not run against any of these
debts. Therefore, to pursue my illustration, a
firm, or an individual in the State of Georgia
owes a creditor in the city of New York, for
goods furnished, $50,000, and although the
debt was contracted seven year3 ago it is as
fresh for all purposes as if it were contracted
yesterday. This creditor having been kept for
seven years from the pursuit of his remedy
goes to the State of Georgia and commences
his suit. The first thing that happens to him is
to fall under the sweep and besom of this pro-
vision, which compels him to advance twenty-
five per cent, of the entire amount as a tax,
half of which he is to be allowed to charge
over to the debtor and collect it from him.
Will any Senator say, will the honorable
Senator from Oregon say, that intelligent men
can differ upon the question whether such a
provision as that affects and impairs the loss
as they stood covering and guarding the en-
forcement and validity of that contract at the
time it was made ? 1 apprehend not, sir. On
the contrary, we must all admit that this is rank
repudiation, covered with a gauze so thin as
hardly to be respectable even as ti disguise. It
means nothing but that; and the only thing in
it that i see to be defended in morals or in
ethics is that part of the provision which
denounced debts made in aid of the rebellion
and debts with regard to slaves. The latter is
excepted by the proposition in the bill as it
stands ; and the portion relative to debts con-
tracted in aid of the rebellion, as I said once
before, and as we ought none of us to forget,
is abundantly disposed of by the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, which is to take effect as soon as this
takes effect, because here are States enough to
consummate it, and its consummation by them
is a condition-precedent to admission.
Therefore", Mr. President, it seemed to me
clear that here was a case of an attempt by a
State to invade the principles of commercial
honor and of public morals, and at the same
time to invade a clear provision of the Consti-
tution of the United States; and I thought the
committee did well to stand first upon the
invitation which the State of Georgia had
given Congress to qualify this constitution in
its acceptance, and 1 think they would have
done well, had it not been there, to stand on
the broad ground assumed in the Missouri case,
that States are to come in no more than the
equals of prior States, and that a provision
like this, peculiar and obnoxious, is not to be
tolerated upon the general grounds.
Mr. President, while speaking of this I wish
to call attention to a provision of the consti-
tution of the State of Alabama, which by a
very close vote has been included in this bill,
and I ask to bring it to the attention of the
Senate because a memorial has been sent here
signed by many constituents of mine and other
persons, representing the estates of deceased
persons, representing widows and minor chil-
dren. The twenty-sixth section of article one
of the constitution of Alabama contains a pro-
vision which in principle, it seems to me, can-
not be distinguished from this which we have
been discussing. I will read the whole of the
section, as it is very brief:
"That all navigable waters shall remain forever
public highways, bee to the citizens ot the State and
of the United States, without tax, impost, or toll
imposed: and that no tax, toll, impost, or wharfage
shall be demanded or received from the owner of any
merchandise or commodity for the use ol the shores
or any wharf erected on flic shores or in or over the
waters ot any navigable stream, unless the same be
expressly authorized bv the General Assembly."
Mr. HOWARD. What article is that?
Mr. CONKLING. It is the twenty-sixth
section of article one of the constitution of
Alabama. 1 beg to inquire of Senators what
is the distinction in principle between that pro-
vision and a provision declaring that no rent
should be collected for farms or the occupation
of land in the State of Alabama, except by
express permission of the General Assembly of
that State? No man is to be allowed to receive
for the use of any wharf erected on the shores
of a stream or erected over any stream. What
does that mean? A warehouse, in common
language. No man is to be allowed to receive
for the use of a wharf, a warehouse, or the
shores of a stream any toll, tax, or compensa-
tion for its occupation. Riparian owners are
to be divested of the use and occupation, the
rents, issues, and profits of their land. I see
no principle upon which this can be defended;
and here are memorialists who recite that in
the city of Mobile they have become the owners
of considerable water fronts, which they have
improved at a large expense, in respect of
which attempts have been made repeatedly to
invade their rights ; that there are now pending
litigations involving their rights, and that they
are met by a proposition in this constitution to
strike them down and obliterate them at one
stroke.
It seems to me, Mr. President, (because the
subject is properly here now, if Alabama is to
go into this bill,) that the same condition which
we are proposing in the case of Georgia ought
to be extended to this case; because, although
the operation of it may be less general, although
the hardship of it in the actual realization may
be less in this case than in the other, the dis-
tinction between the two cases in principle I
am unable to see.
Now, Mr. President, while I am up, I wish
to set a matter right with my honorable friend
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilsox.] We had
some discussion the other day as to the vote
given by him in reference to the provision as
it stands now in the reconstruction law requir-
ing a majority of all registered voters to parti-
cipate in the elections. Since that time the
honorable Senator and myself have explored
the record to see how it stands, and it shows
that the honorable Senator did vote for the
provision as it is in the law requiring a majority
to participate in the election to decide the
question whether a convention should be held
and who should compose that convention, but
that he spoke against and voted against tbe
provision in reference to the other election. It
shows that he voted for the provision requiring
a majority of all the registered voters to take
part in the election ratifying the constitution
only as that provision stood as a part of the
bill, and that he did not vote for it as it stood
separately. That is as my honorable friend
understands the record, taking the Globe and
Journal both together. It is a record not very
easy to be understood, as we both found ; and
the occasion of the mistake did not occur to
either of us until after we had looked at it very
fully ; but we were both satisfied it was a mis-
leading record as it appeared in the Globe,
and the whole thing taken together showed his
position as I now take great pleasure in stating
it to be.
Mr, HOWE. Mr. President, I am inclined
to vote for the amendment now pending, and
it has been attacked so vigorously and so
gravely that I feel called upon to apologize for,
if I cannot justify, the vote 1 am about to give.
When any measure I espouse or any vote I
propose to give is advertised as a sanction of
repudiation, it is calculated to startle me,
because I am not on that platform, as a gen-
eral thing. I am rather in favor of the pay-
ment of debts, all debts except my own,
[laughter;] but, sir, I am not so clear that
everything which is called a debt ought to be
paid. One of the first efforts to which this
Government directed its attention upon the
close of hostilities was to prevent the payment
of a certain class of contracts which were enti-
tled debts. The Government felt it to be one
of the first duties incumbent upon them to
relieve the people of each one of these States
which plunged into the rebellion from the obli-
gation of paying each and all the debts which
were contracted in aid of that rebellion, and
that for a double, reason: because the obliga-
tion was stained with the guilt of the rebellion
! itself, and because it was known tshat many of
