1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3003
those debts had been contracted in defiance of
the will of those people from whose pockets
must be wrenched the means to pay the debts.
That effort we hope will be finally successful.
The clauses in the constitution of Georgia
which are brought to the attention of the Sen-
ate by the amendment offered by the Senator
from Ohio are another effort to afford relief
similar to that, as it seems to me, to which I
have just alluded.
Sir, two events have transpired to that com-
munity in Georgia which seem to me to make
this measure proper, just, and equitable, if the
measure itself can be defended upon consti-
tutional grounds. I assume that the purpose
of this clause in the constitution of Georgia is
not to cancel the obligation of any indebted-
ness existing prior to the war, and that it will
not have that effect. I assume that the only
purpose of it is to preventcitizens of Georgia
from being harassed upon contracts entered
into during the war. And now two events have
transpired which seem to me to justify an effort
to relieve that people from those embarrass-
ments if it can be done. One of those events
is this: when these contracts were made the
people of Georgia held one class of personal
property denominated slaves, amounting to
many hundred millions of dollars, which to-
day, and all days hereafter, when these con-
tracts are to be performed, if they are to be
performed at all, are not worth a dime; and
that, too, through the direct interference and
agency ot the Government, of law. It is because
of a change in the laws that that class of pro-
perty, worth so many millions then, is worth
nothing now, in the sense in which it was then
valued.
But another event has taken place. When
these debts were contracted a dollar meant a
very different thing from what it means to-day
and must mean hereafter when these debts are
to be enforced. When in 18tio and 1864 con-
tracts were made for the payment of ยง100 or
ยง1,000 those people were subjected to laws
under the operation of which 5j>100 or $1,000
was as but a song in comparison with $100 or
$1,000 to-day. If the courts are to be opened
to the enforcement of these obligations, it
must be remembered that the term " dollar"
will enter into the judgment just as it did into the
contract; but although the judgment may be
but for $100, and the contract on which that
judgment is obtained w*s for the precise sum
of $100, the $100 with which the judgment
will be paid will be from four to fifty fold as
much as the $100 which were named in the
contract.
Mr. HOWARD. Suppose the contract was
payable in confederate money.
Mr. HOWE. As the contract was payable.
Mr. JOHNSON. A dollar is worth more
than it was then.
Mr. HO WE. So it seems to me, that a dol-
lar is worth more now than it was then.
Mr. JOHNSON. You pay it in greenbacks
now.
Mr. I-IOWE. Yes, sir; it is paid in green-
backs, and when the contract was made it was
made payable in confederate money. It is all
the difference between greenbacks and confed-
erate money. So it seems to me very proper
to relieve the people against these evils if it
can be done.
But it is said it cannot be done because of a
plain and palpable prohibition in the Constitu-
tion of the United States. It is said that this
clause oftbe constitution of Georgia does impair
the obligation of a contract, and that that is
forbidden by the Constitution of the United
States. I am not going to detain the Senate at
any length with ati argument upon that consti-
tutional question. It would be profitless to do
so. The dispute as to what laws do or do not
impair the obligation of a contract has been an
active and lively one ever since that clause was
put into the Constitution of the United States,
and I think is no nearer settlement to-day than
it was when the dispute first commenced. The
authorities upon it are endless, as I remember
to have known encc, though it is some years
since I have taken the trouble to look at any
of them.
I do not think it worth while, for another
reason, to detain the Senate with an argument
upon this point, for I am entirely satisfied that
if this clause does in effect impair the obliga-
tion of a contract it will destroy the Consti-
tution of the United States. I think the Con-
stitution of the United States will abide, and
I think the only effect will be that this clause
will be just what the pending bill says it will
be, null and void ; but that declaration will
come from the judicial authorities of the coun-
try instead of coming from the legislative
authority; and I should prefer to see that
judgment pronounced by the courts rather
than see it pronounced by the Legislature for
two reasons: first, because when it is pro-
nounced by the judicial authority there will
be an endofthe question, which will nothappen
if this Senate or this Congress shall so declare;
and secondly, because it is possible the courts
will not make such a decision, and I believe,
a3 I have already said, it would be expedient
to afford this relief if it is in the power of
legislation to afford it.
Just what is the obligation of a contract, I
think it is very difficult to say, in the light of
adjudications. Recollect the language cm-
ployed in the constitution of Georgia does not
propose to touch the obligation of a contract.
All the courts have said, as I remember, that
although under that prohibition the legislation
of a State cannot touch, cannot impair, can-
not lessen the obligation of a contract, yet
the courts have uniformly said that the States
have full power, full control over remedies
upon contracts. This provision simply under-
takes to touch the remedy, to withhold the
remedy upon the contract. That is what it
proposes to do. What the obligation of the
contract may be worth in dollars and cents
after the legal remedy is taken away I shall not
stop to consider. We cannot settle that.
Mr. MORTON. I wish to ask the Senator
from Wisconsin one question. I ask him if
the remedy to enforce a contract is not of the
essence of the contract itself; and if the courts
have not decided that in taking away the rem-
edy, the means of enforcing a contract, the
contract itself is thereby impaired; if that is
not the uniform current of decisions on that
question ?
Mr. IIOWE. No, Mr. President, I cannot
admit that it is the uniform current of decision :
and yet such language has been held by courts
frequently. There is, in point of fact, but very
little language on this subject which the courts
have not employed at different times and in
different eases. But I am not prepared to
admit that a plain and adequate remedy upon
a contract is of the essence of the contract
itself or an}' part of the obligation. When I
give you my note, sir, to pay you $100 I do not
think it is any part of the obligation of that
contract that I should furnish you a court in
which to sue upon the note or obtain judgment
upon the note any more than it is a part of the
obligation of that contract that I will furnish
you an attorney to prosecute your suit in case I
do not pay. Plainly there is an obligation
resting upon mo to pay that $100. It is a
moral obligation. The State may add legal
penalties and sanctions to that obligation if it
chooses. But, sir, may not the State withhold
those legal sanctions if it chooses? What is
there in the Constitution of the United States
which compels the Stale to furnish judicial
tribunals in which to enforce such contracts and
to maintain suits upon them ? Is it true, Mr.
President, that, because I give a note for money,
I impose upon the State in which I live a con-
stitutional obligation to furnish judicial tri-
bunals with which to collect that note ? For if
this declaration in the constitution of Georgia,
which closes their courts against suits upon
such notes or such obligations, is a violation of
the Constitution of the United States, it seems
to me that the constitution of Georgia would
be a plain infraction of the Constitution of the
United States if it did not provide any judicial
tribunals at all, or if it confined their jurisdic-
tion to cases of tort as distinguished from
cases of contract.
If this be so, if this reasoning be correct,
then the obligation which devolves upon a State
to establish a judicial department in its gov-
ernment, to create judicial tribunals, arises,
not from any command in the Constitution of
the United States, for there is no such com-
mand, but it springs from the accident that
some one or more of the citizens of the State
have made a contract and created a necessity
for some such judicial department. The first
man who makes a bargain and does not exe-
cute it right off devolves the necessity upon the
State. The man who goes into a hotel and
takes his dinner and does not pay for it at the
bar, but has it charged up, as Mr. Nasby has
his grog, imposes upon the State an obligation
to create a judicial department of the govern-
ment that that dinner may be sued for and
collected. That is the result of the argument.
I do not think myself that this is any part of
the obligation of a contract. I think it belongs
to the remedy, only the remedy. But if I did
not think so, if I were not decidedly of that
opinion, if I thought the question was doubtful,
if the inclination of my own mind was rather
the other way, since it is not settled to be au
infraction of this clause of the Federal Con-
stitution, I should still agree to let that clause
stand in the constitution of Georgia for the
judicial tribunals of the land to interpret and
to annul or sustain as they see fit.
Some of the exceptions taken to this provis-
ion urged by the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Conkling,] as I understood him. are excep-
tions resting upon the second subdivision of the
seventeenth section of the fifth article, which
the bill reported from the Judiciary Commit-
tee sustains, and does not propose to strike
out, and which the pending amendment there-
fore does not affect. I understand the com-
mittee propose to annul only the first and third
subdivisions of the seventeenth section.
Mr. CONliLING. They propose to annul
everything in relation to contracts, except as
to contracts in regard to slaves.
Mr. HOWE. No, sir; only the first and
third subdivisions of that section. That was
my understanding of the matter. The bill
reads:
" And the State of Georgia shall only be entitled
and admitted to representation upon this lurther
fundamental condition that the first and third sub-
divisions of section seventeen of the fifth article of
the constitution of said State, except the proviso to
the first subdivision, shall benull and void, and that
the General Assembly of said State by solemn pub-
lic act shall declare the assent of the State tu the
foregoing fundamental condition."
If there is any portion of these provisions
which is clearly and palpably unjust, it is a
portion of that very proviso which the Judi-
ciary Committee propose to retain, for that
proviso prevents the Legislature from empow-
ering their courts to take jurisdiction of suits
brought either to recover the value of slaves,
or to recover the value of the labor of slaves.
There is clearly a good, sound, equitable rea-
son why the courts should not be open to
enforce suits to recover the value of slaves.
That palpable reason is, that slaves have no
longer any value; that although the purchaser
bought them in good faith, promised to pay
for them in good faith, they turned to ashes
on his hands, and by the intervention of the
Government itself. But when he has not
bought, but hired simply, he has derived all
the benefit that he could possibly derive from
the labor of the slave. There is no reason
in the world for refusing the hirer the privi-
lege of collecting pay for the labor of his slave,
that there is not lor refusing the right to col-
lect pay for his own labor. It is a day's work,
or a month's work, or a year's work, and the
borrower has got the full benefit of it in either
case. The committee propose to retain that
provision. That seems to me as clearly unjust
as any portion of this section.
But there is one feature in this section to
which I have not alluded, and to which I have
heard no illusion made daring the debate, and
