1808.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
595
pathy with thia party in Congress in its attempts
to obstruct and defeat the reconstruction policy
of Congress.
With such an array, with such a combina-
tion against us, does anybody expect that we
will take one step backward ; much less does
anybody expect that we will permit an officer
of our Army to fling back in our faces his con-
tempt of our law and tell us what ought to be
and what ought not to be? It was reported
in the public papers only yesterday that the
Governor of Texas had sent word to General
Hancock that murderers in Texas could not
be punished by the civil law. Yet this general
sends back word to the Governor of Texas that
he does not wish to interfere in any civil mat-
ters. Sir, he was sent down there for the very
purpose of interfering in such matters as the
non-punishment of murderers.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BOUTWELL. This bill has been so
long under discussion that I have hardly the
amount of assurance necessary to enable me
to address the House at this time. I have
observed that many persons in the House and
in the cour^y proceed upon the idea that the
Congress or the United States, in undertaking
to prescribe rules and regulations either for
the judicial department of the Government or
for the Army and the Navy, is usurping power
jad exercising authority not conferred upon it
by the Constitution.
It is a general error that it is possible for
Congress, meaning in popular acceptation the
House and the Senate, by a majority to con-
summate any act of legislation whatever. It
has happened; fortunately for the country,
during these two years of great peril, thAt there
lias been in each branch of the national Legis-
lature a two-thirds majority, by which, accord-
ing to the provisions of the Constitution, we
have been able to compensate the country, in
the promotion of the public welfare, for the loss
of executive sympathy and executive coopera-
tion with the popular will in support of the
Constitution. When the two branches of the
Legislature, acting nndertheConstitution, have
passed a bill and submitted it to the Executive
for his consideration and received his veto
according to the forms of the Constitution, and
by a two-thirds majority of each House have
passed the bill over the executive veto, then by
the Constitution they have annulled or super-
seded the executive authority in that particu-
lar. By the Constitution, for a special purpose
and to a limited extent, the executive power
is merged in the legislative department of the
Government.
Sir, I have listened with great pain to charges
of legislative usurpations, when, upon ati an-
alysis of the acts complained of, nothing had
been done except that which was authorized
by the Constitution. The exercise of legisla-
tive authority and power, in passing a law by a
two-thirds majority, which for the occasion and
by virtue of constitutional powers supersedes
the executive veto, is always a legitimate and
often a necessary proceeding. Following in
the lead of this fatal, fundamental error, has
been the conduct of the President, supported by
a large and, I fear, constantly increasing public
sentiment, that he has a right to question the
authority of the laws which have been passed
by Congress.
I was relieved in some degree yesterday when
my friend and colleague [Mr. Euot] said that
il there had not been so great a pressure of
other business the President of the United
States might have been impeached. I know
that there is a pressure of important public
business. But I know of no business more
■ important than the restoration of thig Govern-
ment, the rehabilitation of ten States, now
prostrate, and laboring under wrongs 6aoh as
no people ever before endured.
The record comes up to me from Texas, a
record that I am forced to believe, that since
the close of this war two thousand persons have
been murdered, and their deaths are yet un-
avenged, for there is no law, no justice there
for the protection of loyal men in that State. I
know not what business was. pressing upon the
mind of my friend and colleague which led him
to make the observation which he did make.
But I know of no business more important than
the acts of legislation and government which
look directly and necessarily to overcoming and
removing obstructions in the way of a restora-
tion of this Government to republican unity
and harmony.
But, in following the lead of this great error,
the President considers—not only considers,
but he takes advice—not only takes advice,
but he contemplates measures—not only con-
templates measures, but he inaugurates a policy
not to carry out the laws of Congress, but
to defeat them. The people of this country,
when they complain of Congress, should take
notice that for twenty-four months we have
struggled here for a reorganization of these
States against a man whose sympathies and
purposes are with the rebellion. And if he is
to be the candidate of the Opposition repre-
sented on the other side of the House, (as he
is likely enough to be, for to-day he is the most
formidable man of them all,) I have only this
expectation, that when in November next in
the southern States, which before that time will
be restored to the Union, the people attempt
to exercise the right of suffrage, without dis-
tinction of race or color, then, by Mr. John-
son's connivance, the black men, who in some
of the States are in a majority, and in all of
, them are a formidable minority, sufficient with
the white loyalists to make a majority, will be
driven from the polls. In .February, 1869, we
shall receive certificates of the election of
electors who have given their votes to the can-
didates of the Opposition; and this country
will be brought again to the extremity of civil
war, or we shall be compelled to surrender at
discretion to the rebels, who, through four years
of bloody conflict have been our enemies, and
who are yet struggling through their alliance
with the Executive to destroy the Government.
I know of but one way, and this country will
yet see that there is but one way out of these
difficulties. I cooperate with my friends heart-
ily >in whatever is necessary for the execution
of the laws that we have passed for reconstruc-
tion; but I know that Andrew Johnson will
thwart these measures as he has thwarted others.
But whether the future be for weal or for woe,
our duty is still the same, to maintain the au-
thority of the people as represented here and
to assert and enforce by every constitutional
power the right of the loyal people of this
country to govern the country.
Gentlemen on the other side may take notice,
if they please, of what I say upon another
point. The struggle is to-day whether the dis-
loyal men of the South shall control the ten
States, and through their authority control this
Government, or whether those ten States shall
be placed in the hands of loyal men. And,
sir, knowing this, even if I were disposed to
disregard the rights of the negro, if I believed
in his inferiority, if I desired this to be " a
white man's Government," I should say that
it is more important that the Government shall
be loyal than it is that it shall be "a white
man's Government." There cannot be a loyal
government in either of the ten States unless
the negroes participate in it. The struggle is
upon the question whether the governments
of those ten States shall be loyal or disloyal.
Without occupying more time upon what I
intended to be merely preliminary observa-
tions, I come to the consideration of the great
proposition in the first section of this bill. It
is herein provided that in Virginia and the
nine other States there are' not civil govern-
ments, republioan in form. This is the decla-
ration we propose to make. Yesterday when
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr} was
addressing the House, I potto him the-ques-
tion whether the republican government which
he desired the United States to guaranty in
either of these States was the government exist-
ing there prior to the rebellion, or the govern-
ment established by the rebellion, or the gov-
ernment set up in those States under the dic-
tation of the President since the rebellion.
He said, in answer, that the governments ex-
isting prior to the rebellion were the govern-
ments he desired to see guaranteed by the
United States, forgetting or not regarding the
declaration of Mr. Johnson in his proclama-
tion, that the rebellion, in its revolutionary
progress, had destroyed all civil governments
in those States. I now ask the gentleman
whether he regards the amendments made t«
the constitutions of those States in 1865, under
the dictation of the President and the Secre-
tary of State, as a portion of the republican
governments in those States which it is the
duty of the United States to guaranty.
Mr. KERB. Mr. Speaker, in reply to the
gentleman from Massachusetts I have to say
that I do not consider that amendment as part
of the constitutions of those States, but as part
of the Constitution of the United States, regu-
larly ratified, and as being in those States a
part of the supreme law of this country, there-
fore binding and obligatory on them in every
sense. That is my answer.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, the gen-
tleman very well knows that only one or two
points are covered by the amendment to the
Constitution of the United States. The thir-
teenth article of amendment to the United
States Constitution is silent in reference to the
debts incurred in the rebellion and to the ordi-
nances of secession which are declared invalid
by the amended constitutions of the rebel
States.
Mr. KERB. If the gentlem&n will pardon
me, I should like to say another word.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I yield for an answer
and not for an argument.
Mr. KERR. I will answer and hot make
an argument. I occupy this position, that is
putting these governments in harmony with
the Federal Government and its Constitution,
those States had the right to incorporate into
their fundamental law those provisions ignor-
ing every single act of the rebellion, and
wiping out, as it were, from the record of the
country everything of that kind.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Theans-wer, then, is that
the governments which existed in those States
previous to the rebellion are not the govern-
ments which the gentleman from Indiana
thinks it is the duty of the Government of the
United States to guaranty, but different gov-
ernments, governments set up for them by the
President of the United States. Then he will
be compelled to admit what the President of
the United States stated in his proclamation
of 1865, that there were no civil governments
in those States.
Mr. KERR. My view of the ca9e of those
States in reference to these negative or nul-
lifying propositions in their constitutions is that
they are not a part in any active sense of their
constitutions. They are rather a denial of
any validity in what they did before, and
therefore properly inserted in the constitutions
they subsequently passed. They are onlv a
mode, and a proper mode, of forever undoing
what they had attempted amiss.
Mr. BOUTWELL, Now, sir, following this
branch of the subject, I desire to call the atten-
tion of the House to the provision of the Con-
stitution which provides that the Government
of the United States shall guaranty to each a
State government republican in form, and also
to the nature of the guarantee which the Gov-
ernment of the United States is bound to fur-
nish. The word "guarantee" in the Consti-
tution has a larger meaning than is given to ii
when used in reference to the individual rela-
tions of men. The Constitution guaranties to
each State a government republican in form.
Suppose in a given State we find oil observrf?
tion that there is no government, what then is
the force and effect of our guarantee? To
create for them a government republican in
form? No, sir; because on our theory a
republican form of government cannot be con-
structed in that way. The effect of our guar-
antee is this: we provide the ways Slid means
and furnish incidental security by which the
