4028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
ThePRESIDENTpro tempore.. Tlie morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday is regularly before the Senate.
Mr. CATTELL. I trust the chairman of
the Committee on Finance will allow this bill
to be disposed of. The discussion must be
nearly exhausted. This bill is from the same
committee.
Mr. SHERMAN". If the Senator really
thinks we can soon get a vote on this proposi-
tion I shall not object; but I am inclined to
think the discussion will go on. I have no
objection to letting the unfinished business be
laid aside informally for a short time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday will be laid aside
informally, if there be no objection.
Mr. HOWE. I was about saying that the
Senator from New Jersey represents this merely
as a provision by which we are to borrow money
at a less rate of interest than we are paying
now. Of course that would be desirable. If
we can substitute a loan at three per cent, for
one at seven and three tenths or any higher
rate of interest, that would seem to be desirable
if that were all there were of it; but L do not
understand that that is the extent of this prop-
osition. I do not understand that a man who
is borrowing money at six per cent, on time
can always afford to change that for a loan at
two or three or four per cent, on demand if he
has due regard for his credit.
Mr. President, the money we borrow under
this bill we are to borrow on demand; and we
are to borrow it not of individuals, but to bor-
row it of banks, as I understand, practically,
and we are to assume a very grave obligation.
In addition to paying the three per cent, in-
terest which is required to be paid, we assume
the obligation under this bill of furnishing a
fund amounting to the whole amount of the
loan, $25,000,000, and we are to become re-
sponsible for the redemption of the bank cir-
culation to the exact amount of this loan. So
it seems to me a proposition by which we pay
three per cent, for the privilege of becoming
responsible for the redemption of the bank
circulation to this amount. It is true we are
released from the payment of a larger rate of
interest on the same amount of money. That
advantage we get. Can we afford, can the
Government afford, to assume this obligation
at that rate? Mr. President, suppose we do
assume the obligation. When you provided
for these banks you thought it necessary to the
security of the bill-holders that they should
have a certain reserve of lawful money in their
vaults at all times, to be used for the redemp-
tion of their bills when returned to them. You
thought and you said that was necessary to the
security of the bill-holder. Now, this meas-
ure proposes to take away that security, or
$25,000,000 of that security, from the bill-
bolder, and to substitute something which is not
lawful money, to substitute the obligations of
the Government, demand obligations to be
sure.
Mr. CATTELL. Is lawful money of the
Government anything else but the demand
obligation of the Government; and is not this
the same thing?
Mr. HOWE. It is very different. Lawful
money is not only an obligation which the Gov-
ernment is bound to respect and receive on
demand, but which each Senator and every
business man in the country is bound to respect
and to receive as lawful money on demand.
You cannot say that of these three per cent,
certificates. The Government is bound to meet
them when presented; but when will they be
presented ? J ust when the holders of the bank
circulation want lawful money ; then they will
call on the banks and the banks will not be able
to respond, because their money is in the
hands of the Government, and the bill-holder
must wait until the bank can collect of the Gov-
ernment. Plow long that will take I am sure
I do not know. ■
Mr. CATTELL. _ Allow me to say a word.
I expressed the opinion the other day that the
loan in this form can remain as long as the
charters of the national banks continue ; and
in this opinion the Secretary of the Treasury
cotieurs, the Comptroller of the Currency con-
curs, and the Finance Committee concur, all
of whom have paid some particular attention
to the subject. In the nature of tilings there
will not be a call for the redemption of these
certificates.
Mr. HOWE. I cannot express any opinion
about that. I am not a banker; I am not a
Secretary of the Treasury ; I am not a finan-
cier; but I do not understand for my life how
that opinion can be reconciled with the opinion
of all those authorities expressed at the time
these banks were organized. Then it was
thought essential that this reserve should be in
the vaults of the bank ; essential to the security
of the bill-holder 
Mr. CATTELL. It never has been required
to be in the vault.
Mr. HOWE. A certain per cent, has not
been in the vault of the individual banks, to be
sure, and has been provided for elsewhere,
but it has always been in lawful money ready
to meet the calls of the bill-holders. I can
only say it is not worth while to spend any
time in discussing which of those opinions is
true and sound ; the two opinions do not har-
monize with each other. If this reserve is not
essential to the security of the bill-holder, then
you imposed an unnecessary burden on the
banks when you incorporated them. If it is
essential to the bill-holder, it seems to me you
do a wrong to the bill-holder when you take
twenty-five millions of that security away and
substitute something very different. But the
real question which I wish to put to the Sena-
tor from Now Jersey and to the Senate is
this: can the Government afford to become
directly responsible, and to hold itself so, for
the redemption of twenty-five millions of bank
circulation in order to save the difference be-
tween the interest to be paid on these tempo-
rary certifiates and the interest payable on the
compound-interest notes? If it is the opinion
or the Senate that the Government can afford
to do that, this is a good bargain to make;
but I take it there is no man who has regard
for his own credit who would assume that ob-
ligation upon those terms; and I should not
want to impose an obligation on the Govern-
ment that I would not think it safe for a capi-
talist to assume himself. It seems to me if the
Government assumes this obligation the Gov-
ernment will think it necessary to retain some
means in the Treasury to meet this liability,
perhaps not the whole twenty-five millions,
for that is the extent of the liability ; but will
not the Government retain something for that
purpose? If so, how much ? Will it be half ?
If so, then one half of that interest is sacri-
ficed; instead of saving four and three tenths,
you save but one half of that. If you retain
seventy-five per cent, in the Treasury to meet
this obligation you only make one fourth of
the difference. That the Government should
assume this obligation, and make no provision
whatever for it, seems to me to be rather risky
financiering.
This is the objection I have to the proposi-
tion of the Senator from New Jersey. Of
course I should have more confidence in the
Senator's opinions than I would in my own
ordinarily on a question of this kind, and I do
not know but that I should defer to him; but
I have not heard him or anyone else meet this
objection, and therefore I have thought itproper
to state it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, one idea
has occurred to me bearing on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Illinois to which
no allusion has been made in the discussion ;
that is as to the effect which the retention of
this amount of gold in the Treasury of the Uni-
ted Stateshas upon the public securities. Now,
is it quite clear that if the amount of gold in
the Treasury is greatly reduced the bonds and
other securities of the United States will be
worth as much as theyare at thistime? Pub-
lic credit is very sensitive, and the people who
own our bonds have not that particular inform-
ation which is possessed by Senators, and they
judge from general appearances ; and the fact
that there is in the Treasury of the United
States seventy-five or one hundred million dol-
lars in gold is a fact that imparts confidence
to the people of this country and to the people
elsewhere who hold the securities of the Uni-
ted States. People generally are not sup-
posed to be acquainted with the necessities
or the contingencies that may arise in the trans-
actions of the Government, and if the amount
of gold was wholly withdrawn from the Treas-
ury is it not probable that such a fact would,
to some extent, affect public confidence in the
securities of the United States? I know, as to
persons who have access to the records of the
Treasury, who understand the condition of the
finances of the country, and know exactly what
its receipts are, and what its obligations are,
this fact may not be of any considerable con-
sequence ; but in the estimation of the people,
who judge generally without particular inform-
ation on the subject, the fact that there is in
the Treasury of the Uni ted S tates a large amou n t
of surplus gold to meet any of the necessities of
the Government that may arise, or any contin-
gencies that may occur, is a circumstancewhieh
imparts confidence to the people in the credit
of the Government; and it may be that if this
gold was withdrawn from the public Treasury
the securities would fall in price more than
enough to counterbalance the supposed injury
the public may receive from the retention of
this money in the Treasury. That may not be
a very important consideration in a financial
point of view among those who study correctly
and carefully the condition of the Government;
but it has appeared to me that that was a con-
sideration which was entitled to some weight
in determining as to the value of the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Illinois.
The PRESIDENT^?™ tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Morton] to the amendment of
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.]
Mr. MOItTON called for the yeas and nays ;
and they were ordered.
Mr. (JONKLING. Compelled as I am to
vote against this amendment of the Senator
from Indiana, I dislike to do it without assign-
ing briefly my reasons. As a proposition by
itself, looking, as it seems to me, to replacing
greenbacks with coin, 1 should approve it ;
but we have legislated, and that recently, that
greenbacks are not to be canceled or retired
gradually or otherwise, but that the volume of
greenbacks now out is to be left outstanding.
In the presence of that legislation, and pro-
posing no change, the proposition is to lay
away idle and dead all the goid which shall
accumulate in the Treasury beyond the cur-
rent gold expenses; and with what view 1
Why, to leave it for some possible by-and-by ;
for some time, we know not when, that the
hands of the Secretary may be untied, and he
be permitted to take ap greenbacks with gold,
or redeem greenbacks with gold. If it looks
to a restoration of specie payments it is a
mere exceptional spasmodic effort in that direc-
tion ; it will have no tendency to aceelerate or
approach to specie payments without other
things being done as cognate measures; cer-
tainly not without removing repugnant and in-
consistent provisions of law. Therefore it
seems to me that, the sole effect of the propo-
sition is to bury in the ground this amount of
gold, with the premium for which it might be
sold, lose premium, lose interest, and lose the
right to dispose of the gold in the mean time
until some unfixed and indefinite future period
which, in point of fact, may never come.
Therefore, Mr. President, although I entirely
agree with the motive, if I understand it, of
this amendment, because it seems to me en-
tirely inadequate to the end and not wisely
adapted to it, I am compelled to vote agamst it.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, one word
in explanation of this amendment. I sug-
gested some days ago that the way to return to
specie payments was to fix a day when the
Government would begin the redemption of its
