3004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
that is to the first clause of the seventeenth
section. Among the exceptions to the section
are all cases which shall be excepted by the
Legislature at any time. In spite of the pro-
hibition_ in this clause, the Legislature may
give jurisdiction to the courts to recover upon
all these contracts except those for the hire or
price of slaves, so, in the light of that excep-
tion, this prohibition amounts to nothing more
than this, that the courts of Georgia shall not
have jurisdiction in cases of contract any
further than the Legislature shall provide;
that its jurisdiction in cases of contract made
prior to June 1, 1865, shall be such as the
Legislature of Georgia shall prescribe. That
is what it is. That is the way I read it. My
friend from New Jersey [Mr. Fremnghctses]
thinks I have misread it. Very likely. He
will have the opportunity to point it out; but
I do understand that to be the whole meaning
of the provision ; and, I take it, thus inter-
preted, no one will seriously urge that that is
aa infraction of the Constitution of the United
States.
I have felt called upon to say so much, Mr.
President, in explanation of the vote I am
about to give. I think this only a reasonable
protection to afford to these people. If it
seems like repudiation, it is in fact only the
repudiation of contracts which, as it strikes
we, cannot be enforced to-day without doing
great injustice to the people between whom
and among whom these contracts sprang into
existence. Their circumstances are so much
altered, things are so vitally and radically
ehanged, that to enforce these contracts seems
to me likely to do much more injustice than
justice.
Mr. MORTON. Mi-. President, I must say
that I have been somewhat surprised by this
discussion and by the positions that have been
taken in defense of this article in the consti-
tution of Georgia. We have heard from the
Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Williams,] yester-
day from the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man, ] and just now from the Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe,] that this provision
was necessary for the protection of the people
'of Georgia, and to enable them once more to
recover their position. Why is it more neces-
sary in Georgia than in any other of the rebel
States? In point of fact Georgia suffered less
from the rebellion than almost any other State
that was engaged in it. It was exempted from
the actual presence of contending forces almost
entirely until Sherman made his march to the
sea. That part of the State of Georgia that
he traversed of course suffered severely. But,
air, take it altogether, there is less excuse for
a provision of this kind in the State of Georgia
than in any one of the rebel States. There is
Alabama right alongside, and North Carolina,
and then there is South Carolina and other
rebel States that have not made provisions of
this kind. No other State has done so. It
has remained for Georgia to do it, witii less
excuse and with less cause than any of these
States.
The Senator from Wisconsin assumed that
this applied only to debts contracted during
the war, and which were to be paid in confed-
erate money. The Senator from Wisconsin is
mistaken. It applies to debts contracted be-
fore the 1st day of June, 1SG5, not the debt
contrasted during the war only, but all debts
contracted before the 1st of June, 1865.
Mr. HOWE. I do not know but that I was
misunderstood. I do not know that 1 said pre-
cisely what I meant to say. I certainly did not
mean to say that the language of the clause in
the constitution of Georgia did not include debts
made prior to the war. Indeed, I think I
admitted that it did; butlassumedandassertpd
merely that it was the purpose of the clause to
relieve only debts made during the war, and
that under the legislation of Georgia such would
be the practical effect.
Mr. MORTON. I think 1 did not misunder-
stand the Senator, and in fact his explanation
harmonizes with my understanding of what he
said. He said he did not see that this pro-
vision in language was confined to. debts con-
tracted during the war; but he said it was
intended to meet the case of debts contracted
during the war and to be paid in confederate
money.- Sir, it meets the ease of all debts
contracted before the war. It meets the case
of debts owing by southern men to northern
men, and to citizens among themselves con-
tracted before the war. If it was intended to
apply simply to debts contracted during the
war and to be paid in confederate money, it
would have said so ; but it does not say so.
It is broad and sweeping in its provisions.
Now, sir, debts contracted in Georgia dur-
ing the war in the ordinary course of business,
unless they declared upon their face that they
were to be paid in confederate money, are
just as valid as debts contracted before the
war, if they had no connection with the rebel-
lion. Why should those debts not be paid ?
If a man during the war contracted a debt to
his groceryman or to his physician or his
lawyer, or his farmer for his meat, having no
connection with the rebellion, and not specify-
ing upon its face that it was to be paid in con-
federate money, it is a valid obligation, and
should be paid just as much as though it had
been contracted before the war or since the
war.
Mr. President, I understand the Senator
from Wisconsin to argue distinctly that by
taking away the remedy, or the means of col-
lecting a debt, you do not thereby impair the
obligation of the contract. Why, sir, what is
the contract worth in a legal point of view
if there are no means of enforcing it? It is
worth nothing. The Senator says the moral
obligation is still there. Certainly that may
be there; but the constitution is not talking
about the moral obligation of a contract. A
State cannot impair the moral obligation of a
contract by any law it may make. A State
can only impair the legal obligation, and it is
of the legal obligation that the Constitution is
talking, and not of the moral obligation, be-
cause that cannot be effected by auy act of
legislation. It is the legal obligation; and
when you take away the means of enforcing a
contract, you have rendered it worthless ; you
have most essentially impaired its obligation.
I ask the Senator if it was not the uniform
current of decisions that whatever interferred
materially with the collection of a debt was held
to impair the obligation of the contract?
Mr. JOHNSON. That has been decided
half a dozen times.
Mr. MORTON. That has been decided
half a dozen times in the courts of the United
States, and perhaps in almost every State in
the Union in the State courts. Why, sir, in
the little digest that I have here before me
there are a number of authorities referred to.
I read from Paschal's Annotated Constitution,
page 15-5:
"The laws which exist at the time and place of the
making of the contract enter into and lorin a part
of if: and tlxcy embrace alike those which affect its
validity, construction, discharge, and enforcement."
And a number of authorities are referred to
in the Supreme Court of the United States.
Then again:
"As, if the acts so change the remedies as mate-
rially to impair the rights and interests of the owner,
they are just as much a violation of the compact as
if they overturned his rights and interests.''
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the case given ?
Mr. MOltTON. There are a number of
eases—the cases of Van Hoffman vs. City of
Quiney, 4 Wallace, 552 ; another in 1 Howard, :
297; Sturges ts. Crowninshield, 4 Wheaton, ,
122, and a number of others. Then the author
goes on to say:
" The ideas of validity "—
that is of obligation—
"and remedy are inseparable."
I know that nobody comp#ehends clearer
than the Senator from Wisconsin, that if you
take away the remedy, there is no validity
to the contract in a legal point of view. But
enough upon that point.
I understood the Senator from Oregon to
argue that we have nothing to do with a State
constitution except so far as to see that it ia
republican in form; that although it may con-
tain provisions that are inimical to and in
direct conflict with the Constitution of the
United States, we have nothing to do with it
except to see that it is republican in form.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I did not exactly say
that, but I said that it was inexpedient. I know
that a constitution might contain provisions
that we should be bound to reject; but I said
that it was not expedient for us to revise a
State constitution where it protected the polit-
ical and civil rights of the State.
Mr. MORTON. I think I understood the
Senator's position, and I do not think that, hia
explanation changes it from my version of his
opinion. Sir, if a State constitution contains
a provision in palpable violation of the con-
stitution of the United States, it is clearly
inexpedient for us to give our sanction to it.
It is never expedient for the Congress of the
United States, in accepting a State constitu-
tion, to accept it with provisions that are in
direct hostility to that constitution under which
we are authorized to act, the constitution that
creates this Government. We cannot sanction
receiving a State constitution with provisions
directly in conflict with the Constitution of the
United States. This provision in the consti-
tution of Georgia is in direct conflict with the
Constitution of the United States, and it ia
inexpedient for us to recognize it as being
valid; to receive a State into the Union, to
institute a new State government and permit
it to go into operation upon provisions of a
State constitution that are in direct violation
of the Constitution of the United States ; and
such has been the practice of the Government
of the United States. I believe where State
constitutions have been presented, from time
j to time, that have contained provisions re-
garded as hostile to the Constitution of the
United States, they have always been required
to change them. ,
The Senator from Oregon says it has been
approved by the people of Georgia, and what
difference does it make to us whether it is
impairing the obligations of a contract or not
if the people of Georgia are agreed to it? Sir,
they are part of the Republic, and they have
no higher or greater rights than the people of
Indiana have. But this provision does not
confine itself to contracts between citizens of
Georgia. If a debt m owing to a citizen of the
State of Indiana he is cut off by this provision.
Therefore, it i3 our business out of Georgia as
well as in Georgia. If a citizen of Indiana
has a debt owing to him by a citizen of Georgia
he is cut off absolutely from the collection of
that debt, unless it is for a sum of $500, and
he can then go into the circuit court of the
United States. But if he is a poor man, if the
debt is less than $500. he is to lose it. It is
only the large creditors and those who live in
other States that have a remedy left to them,
while the small creditor, the small dealer, has
his debt absolutely cut off.
Mr. President, 1 saw a citizen of Georgia the
other day; and he was the man who first called
my attention to this provision. He came to see
me and talk to me about it. He was an acknowl-
edged Uniomnan, and had been throughout the
war. Ho had lost a large property by means
of the confederate government; it had been
confiscated. He said that the adoption of this
provision would utterly ruin him and leave him
penniless. What he had left was in the form
of debts. He living in Georgia and his debtors
living in Georgia he cannot go into the courts
of the United States; he must sue in the State
courts: and if that right be taken away lie is
totally ruined. He is a Union man, one whom
I had known to be a Union man throughout
the war. Can we indorse a constitutional pro-
vision that robs a man of his rights, of all the
fortune left to him in direct violation of the
Constitution of the United States?
The Senator from Oregon spoke about the
bankrupt law. He inquired if it was competent
for Co ogress to pass a bankrupt law by which
hundreds of millions of debt m the aggregate
J®
i
jr
B!
«3
