480
• APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 21,
Ho. of Reps.
Funding the National Debt—Mr. Marshall.
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
ible to pay off the entire debt without increase
of taxation or inflation of the currency withm
twelve or fourteen years at the furthest. What a
happy deliverance that would be, and how
proudly we would stand forth in the presence
of the world when emancipated, redeemed,
and disenthralled from our slavery to the bond-
holders and capitalists of Europe, and which
thralldom you now propose deliberately to per-
petuate.
Why should this be done? Why should our
entire public indebtedness be now converted
intogold-bearing, non-taxable bonds, the pay-
ment of the principal of which is to be post-
poned for thirty or forty years ? I wish to be per-
fectly decorous, and to use no unparliamentary-
language. But this seems to me, Mr. Speaker,
like a bold attempt to mortgage our country,
the present generation with their children, to
capitalists and to the wealthy lordlings of
Europe. I can never give my assent to any
such scheme, and I now protest against it, and
denounce it as most unjust, unholy, and ruin-
ous to the best interests of our country.
If there was a necessity for postponing the
payment of any part of the debt for thirty or
forty years a judicious Jind feasible plan for
reducing the interest would be worthy of com-
mendation. But when, by a judicious and
proper administration of our affairs, we can
pay off the principal, and thus get rid of the
entire interest forever, it would be most suicidal
to execute this new mortgage upon the re-
sources of our country,
FUNDING BILL filVES A BONUS OP SIX HUNDRED MIL-
LION DOLLARS TO THE BONDHOLDERS.
I have said that you by this bill propose to
givethe capitalists and bondholders a bonus of
near six hundred millions without any consid-
eration whatever. Let me be more specific.
On the 1st day of June last, being the last offi-
cial statement we have had of the public indebt-
edness, the five-twenty bond debt amounted to
§1,494,755,000, and the debt bearing currency
interest, most of which is being rapidly con-
verted into five-twenties, was 55203,117,540,
making in the aggregate $1,097,873,140, all of
which under existing laws is legally ancl equi-
tably payable in greenbacks. Let us for the
sake of simplicity in the calculation estimate
the discount on legal tenders as against coin at
only thirty per cent. The above sum would
at that rate represent a gold indebtedness of
$1,188,511,198, and could be paid off with that
sum in coin. But you now propose to issue
new bonds, free from all taxation, running
forty years, with interest semi-annually, prin-
cipal and interest in gold, for the full amount
of $1,697,873,140, thusaddingto ourindebted-
ness at one fell swoop $509,361,942 in gold;
equal to $662,170,524 in currency. I have
placed the present discount on our currency
too low, and consequently the nation's loss by
this scheme is underestimated. But this sum,
as I have stated it, which you propose to do
worse than give away, or cast into the sea, for
you fasten it with interest in gold upon us for
forty years, amounts to nearly four times as
much as the entire expenditures of the Govern-
ment on land and sea from the adoption of the
Constitution to the close of the last British war.
And this is your pet financial measure which
you have kept back to the. closing days of the
session, and which you expect, like charity,
will cover a multitude of your past sins against
the people.
"covert repudiation."
But, says the loyal Chicago platform, " this
is open or at least covert repudiation." The
claim and the attempt to pay these loyal bond-
holders '' who saved the life of the nation'' is
infamous, and will make us bow our heads in
shame and disgrace before the nations of the
earth. True, these bondholders paid the Gov-
ernment for the bonds when they got them in
currency only worth from forty to fifty cents on
the dollar, and they have been receiving six per
cent, thereon in gold ever since ; true, green-
backs are good enough money for the soldier,
the laborer, the farmer, the merchant, and the
pensioner, but to offer anything less than gold
to these loyal bondholders is "covert repudia-
tion," and "will brand us with infamy through-
out all time." And this wolf howl is raised
from one end of the land to the other to intim-
idate the people to submit to this outrageous
robbery, and induce them to yield tamely to
the avaricious demands of the money lords.
"Show me," says the polite, elegant, and
"loyal" Vice President, Bex. Wade, "a man
who favors paying the bonds in greenbacks, and
I will show you a penitentiary bird." "The
claim of the bondholders to be paid in gold,"
says the "loyal" president of the convention
that nominated Grant, amid boisterous cheers,
"is as sacred as the graves of our soldiers,"
and this sentiment is echoed through the
"loyal" press from one end of the land to the
other.
"the debt a 'sacked' one."
And whyis this debt more sacred in its char-
acter, and to be paid in gold, when all others
are paid in the lawful money of the United
States ? Government called for the services of
a million soldiers and promised them so many
dollars in monthly pay and bounties therefor.
It has promised to pay the maimed soldier and
the widows and orphans of those who died in
battle pensions in dollars. It makes its con-
tracts daily for thousands and millions of dol-
lars for supplies for the Army and Navy and
other branches of the public service. These
are all sacred obligations, and yet who thinks
of receiving their pay in anything but the legal-
tender lawful money of the United States'?
This is good enough money for every other
class of creditor, public and private, but to pay
it, or propose to pay it, to the "loyal" bond-
holderis "covertrepudiation," forsooth. Why
is it so? "Oh, the contract, or at least the
understanding at the time the bonds were sold,
was that they should be paid in gold." I deny
both these propositions, and as much will be
said on this question during the canvass, and
great efforts will be made to mislead the peo-
ple, I propose now to submit the proofs.
repudiation by the radicals.
I might, however, before going in!o the main
question, here add that the very men who, in
the interest of the bondholders, are so eager in
their cry of repudiation, have themselves in
numberless instances been guilty of not mere
"covert" but open and barefaced repudiation.
For instance, the first great loan made by our
Government after it found itself involved in
war—the seven-thirty three years' loan of July,
18G1—3139,999,750 in amount, was taken in
gold, (the Government receiving gold on every
dollar thereof.) and was paid by the Govern-
ment at maturity in greenbacks and bonds at
a lower rate of interest, with principal pay-
able in greenbacks. Over six hundred thou-
sand dollars of this loan were paid in that
currency. Those who took this loan and paid
their gold into the Treasury were legitimate
business men, who from patriotic motives came
forward in that hour of gloom and despond-
ency to the support of the Government, and
gave their means freely and willingly for its
maintenance. But they had not formed a
"loyal" ring, and we heard no outcry against
this repudiation of the obligations of the Gov-
ernment to them.
And at the passage of the legal-tender^ act
of February, 1865, there were many millions
of private debts throughout the United States
which, when contracted, were payable in coin,
but for which the creditors were compelled to
receive greenbacks at a great discount. Here
was wholesale repudiation, both public and
private, by the party who are now so eager to
"maintain the honor of the country." But
my business now is with the five-twenty bonds,
constituting the principal portion of our pres-
ent indebtedness, and for which you now pro-
pose to issue bonds payable in gold, non-tax-
able, and running forty years. I propose to
prove beyond all question that
the holders of the five-twenty bonds have
neither a legal nok equitable claim to pay-
ment in anything but greenbacks.
On the 25th of February, 1862, Congress, to
provide means to carry on the war, passed a
law, the first section of which provided for
$150,000,000 of legal-tender notes, the lan-
guage of which, as to their purpose and char-
acter, is as follows:
"And such notesherein authorized shall be receiv-
able in payment of all taxes, internal duties, excises,
debts, and demands of every kind due to tho United
States, except duties on imports, and for all claims
and demands against the United States of every kind
whatsoever"—
Except what?
"except for interest upon bonds and notes, which
shall be paid in coin; and shall also be lawful money
and atlearal tender in payment of all debts, public and
private, within the United States, except duties on
imports and interest as aforesaid."
Language could not well be more clear and
explicit. This new money thus authorized is
by express terms to be "receivable in pay-
ment" "for all claims and demands against the
United States of every kind whatsoever, except
for interest on bonds and notes, which shall
be paid in coin." And it should be noted and
remembered that it is only by virtue of this
exception that the interest on the bonds author-
ized by this law can be paid in coin.
The second section of this act authorizes the
issuance of $500,000,000 of bonds, registered
or coupon, payable at the option of the United
States in five years, and in twenty years at all
events, and bearing six per cent, interest, pay-
able semi-annually. This is the act author-
izing the issuance of the famous five-twenty
bonds. There is not a word here said as to the
money in which these bonds shall be paid, and
were it not for the exception contained in the
previous section authorizing the issue of this
new lawful money the interest as well as the
principal of the bonds would most clearly be
payable in the legal-tender Treasury notes.
And that there might be no misapprehension
or misunderstanding on the subject, the Gov-
ernment published broadcast to the whole world
that these notes were receivable for "alldebts
except duties on imports and interest on the
public debt." Every man in the LTnited States,
indeed, throughout the world, who received or
handled one of these "greenbacks" found
printed in clear, legible characters on the back
thereof:
" This note is a legal tender for all debts, public or
private,exeept duties on imports and interest on the
public debt."
If the lawitself had not been sufficient notice
to all the world, here was an additional no-
tice more extensively published and circulated
than any that has heretofore been given to
mankind. And it was, in fact, this very money
that was loaned to the Government with this
notice on the back of each note when the five-
twenty bonds were sold. And it is demonstra-
ble that the creditors when the loan was made,
and the bondholders into whose hands these
bonds have passed, have all understood at ail
times that the principal of the bonds were pay-
able in the legal-tender notes.
On this subjectl findan argument cogent and
explicit, made in December last by a "loyal"
member of this House, [Jlr. Buoomai.l.] who
I am sorry to find now favors the payment of
these very bonds in gold, and will, I suppose,
in obedience to the behests of his party, sup-
port this bill of iniquity now before us for con
sideration. I will give here his argument on
the subject, which I defy even the learned gen-
tleman himself now to answer:
" It makes no difference in the le^al rights of these
parties that this new kind ot money was adopted
before they loaned to the Government, and was^the
yeiy kind of money which they did loan to the 0'->v-
ermont; but it takes from them all cause of com-
plaint upon thescoieof fairness. If wehatl borrowed
