1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1081
does it need, if it be an industry of interest to
the country? The honorable member from
New York, [Mr. Morgan,] who is perfectly
acquainted with the facts to which he refers—
and he needs, therefore, not to be confirmed by
any statement I shall make—tells the Senate
that this particular industry is languishing for
the wstnt of protection.
In order to support the parties who are con-
cerned in it, that is to say, to pay their hands
and make anything like a dividend, they are
obliged to make use of their capital. The
amount of tax which fhe Government receives
upon this article, manufactured in Boston,
New York, Philadelphia, and Baltimore alone,
is about one million seven hundred thousand
dollars per annum.
Now, the question is, first, is it advisable to
protect this industry ; second, if it be wise to
protect it, is it not necessary to give it the
benefit of this bill? 1 do not understand the
honorable member from Ohio or anybody else
to say that it is not a subject worthy to be pro-
tected. All concede that it is a valuable man-
ufacture to the country; and the only question,
therefore, which remains for us to decide is
whether it is now sufficiently protected. That
depends upon the fact. The protection which
it now has is the protection of the impost and
nothing else. The burden under which it
labors is the excise and nothing else; and
because of the excise, notwithstanding the
amount of the impost which more or less ex-
cludes from importation the articlc of sugar
from other countries, they are not able to live;
and unless they falsify, unless all the evidence
before us is untrue, if you continue this tax,
notwithstanding you continue the impost,
they must languish for a time and then die.
What is to be the result to the country ? The
whole commodity will come to us from abroad ;
this article of domestic industry will be lost.
The Senate, I suppose, know the amount of
money which is invested in it; I believe some
twenty-five or thirty million dollars ; and the
number of hands it employs must be very
numerous. The benefits that it confers upon
the cities where these refineries are located are
very great, and the competition which it enables
them to make with the foreign article is advan-
tageous to the whole country.
1 think the honorable member from Ohio has
told us that this is but a tax on luxury. Is that
so in any proper meaning of the term luxury?
Luxury, as understood in the sense in which it
becomes the especial favorite subject of taxa-
tion, is that which is enjoyed exclusively by the
rich. Is that the case with this article? You
may by your taxation increase the price to such
an extent that only the rich can enjoy it; but
is not the mechanic earning his two or three
dollars a day, or less, and are not his wife and
his children, to have the benefit of this particu-
lar article ? Are we alone, if we are to be
considered as the rich, to be the only people
in the United States who are to have itbecause
the only people who are able to buy it on ac-
count of your taxation? Certainly not. The
mechanic, the laborer, the needle-woman,
everybody engaged in the industry of the hand
or of the head, who makes only his six or
seven or eight hundred dollars a year, desires
to have this particular article. To them it is
as much a necessity as it is to us. To deprive
them of it would be as cruel and would be felt
to be as severe as to deprive ourselves of it.
But I should like to know upon what prin-
ciple ofjustice it is that you are to select a par-
ticular article of manufacture and deny it the
benefit of this bill. Why is it that the woolen
manufacture and the cotton manufacture and
every other kind of manufacture in which man
engages anywhere within the United States are
to have tlie benefit of this bill? We are told it
is because they cannot compete with the for-
eign article notwithstanding the very exor-
bitant tariff which your system of revenue im-
poses upon the foreign article, and hence we
are now for protecting it. Why not protect
him that labors in the manufacture of sugar?
Can any reason be given that looks like a just
one? Why is a discrimination to be made
against that branch of industry? The honor-
able member tells us we want the money, and
from this branch of enterprise we can get it.
He refuses to attempt to get it from other arti-
cles of manufacture because to impose a tax
upon them would lead sooner or later to their
ruin.
Now, Mr. President, without meaning in the
slightest degree to question the policy of pro-
tecting them by any mode of protection which
will not inflict a serious injury upon the public,
let it not be forgotten that those whom we are
now asked to protect and whom we arc about
to protect made immense sums during the last
five or six years. Stock in manufacturing
companies which languished in the market be-
fore the war commenced and was almost a
drug soon after the war commenced doubled
nearly its par value, and the dividends made
from time to time were fifteen, twenty, thirty,
and as high as seventy per cent. We might
say to them, •' You can afford now to be con-
tent with a slighter amount of profit, or you
may afford to lose because the loss which you
may now sustain, when carried to the debit of
profit and loss, will not equal the amount of ihe
gains which you have carried to the credit of
profit and loss, during the last five or six years."
Does that apply with as much force to sugar ?
The sugar refiners have never made as much.
Their stock during the war was only worth
what it was in the beginning; and now, as they
tell you—and the House of Representatives
seems to have been satisfied of the truth of that
assertion—they must fail unless they also are
included within the protection of this bill. If
it be said that the effect of including them is to
bankrupt the Treasury, I reply that is the effect
of including all the other manufactures which
are to be benefited by this bill; but I do not
believe that, will be the effect. The true mode
to meet the exigency, in my opinion, is to revise
the whole system of revenue, to reduce the
taxes justly and equally; and, where it can be
done without ruin to the domestic article, to
reduce imposts on foreign products.
That is one mode ; and the other mode,
which is certainly within our power, is to re-
duce our expenses. Reduce the expenses;
let the disbursements on account of the Army
be reduced ; let the Army itself be reduced ;
let the Navy be reduced; let the Freedmen's
Bureau be done away with in whole or in part;
save the millions that are now being expended
on account of these several items, and then,
with the bill on your table including all the ar-
ticles included within its benefits as it passed
the House of Representatives, yon will have
money enough to meet all the proper expenses
of the Government.
Mr. President, I am sure I need not say to
those to whom I am now addressing myself
that I will vote at all times, and under all cir-
cumstances, for any amount of taxation that
may be proved to be necessary in order to
maintain the good faith of the country with
reference to its existing debt; but at the game
time it should be our purpose, as 1 think, to
reduce our expenses where we can do it with-
out materially injuring the domestic industry
of the country or the internal improvement
of the country, both of which enable us to pay
more taxes than we should otherwise be able
to meet.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, in sup-
porting this amendment, I am unable to divest
myself—nor do I feel bound to divest myself—
of the knowledge that it proposes to remove a
burden resting chiefly, and in effect invid-
iously, upon my own constituents. My col-
league has directed attention to the fact that
of the $2,005,000 of revenue collected last
year on this item the State of New York paid
$959,892. New York paid almost one half of
the entire revenue derived from the tax we are
considering. If that were an exceptional
case, if il happened as a rare curiosity in the
revenue system that the State of New York
paid upon & particular article an undue pro-
portion of the tax, I should feel an obligation
resting upon me to dismiss such a considera-
tion in forming my opinion of its propriety ;
but it so happens that the revenue system, con-
sidered at large, works out results very like
this particular one in the respect I indicate.
During the fiscal year ending June 30, 1S67,
the amount of internal revenue paid over by col-
lectors of internal revenue districts amounted
in the total to $248,124,000. Of this sum the
State of New York paid $58,200,000, or twenty-
three and one fifth per cent, of the entire
amount. There was collected that year from
the sale of stamps, from fines, penalties, &c.,
$17,796,000, the precise proportion of which
paid by New York it is impossible to ascertain;
but undoubtedly the proportion was larger than
that of the total derived from district collectors
directly ; so that of inland revenue the State
of New York paid nearly, if not quite, one
quarter of the entire sum.
The honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman*,] in a persuasive and conversational
way, is undertaking to tell me some of the
reasons for this. He is right, very likely, in the
reasons which he refers to. I can tell him a
good many other reasons, reasons which will
account for the fact that up to the time when
the rebellion began, down to the year 18G0,
commencing with the very morning of the Gov-
ernment in its administration, the figures show
that of all the money the General Government
ever had derived from all sources about ninety
per cent, came from the State of New York.
There are peculiar reasons for that, too, I
know.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask the
Senator where that State obtained the money.
Mr. CONKLING. Obtained the money!
Not from that crucible of false moneys, called
debt, but obtained it by the acquisition of
property in the sense in which that word is
used when it represents the product of human
labor.
But, Mr. President, I was going to say that
during the same fiscal year of which 1 was
speaking there were collected in gold of cus-
toms duties $176,000,000, and of these customs
duties seventy per cent, were collected at the
port of New York. I do not wish to provoke
inquiry or criticism by dwelling upon that par-
ticularly. It is enough for my purpose to re-
mind Senators that of the internal revenue
strictly about one quarter, only a fraction less
than one quarter, was paid during the last year,
of which we have full returns, in the State of
New Yoik.
Now, sir, we come to a particular item of
taxation which shows to us that one half of its
amount is raised in New York; and it hap-
pens to be a tax imposed upon an article which
subjects that article to a discrimination against
the domestic production of at least three
quarters of a cent per pound. It seems to me
that, stopping there, a very strong case is made
in favor of exemption, and a case which can be
answered in only one way, and that is the way
which the honorable Senator from Ohio has
employed to answer it. He says that we are un-
able to afford this diminution of the revenues.
Without discussing the question of merit or
hardship, he looks at his table and sees that
$2,000,000 comes from this item, and he says
there are two million reasons why we cannot
exempt it, every dollar answering a reason,
as the Senator Irom Maine [Mr. Pessf.xdex]
does not mean me to hear him remark.
Mr. President, there is an answer to that
in my mind, and an answer which I hope is
not disrespectful to this body or to the other
House of Congress. I believe, from an obser-
vation of a good many years, and this year
is not an exception, that the only way, the
only possible mode, in which appropriations
i that might be dispensed with can be prevented
and cut off is that condition of the Treasury
which renders it impossible to make those ap-
propriations. unless we are to have loan bills.
Whenever we come to the time that the con-
dition of the public Treasury is such that ad-
ditional appropriations can be paid only by
borrowing, then we shall have a yard-stick to
