598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBES.
January 17,
struggled to' consolidate it, without regard to
the rights of the States. This bill before us,
however, has this novelty that all the powers
of the Government are to be absorbed by and
consolidated in Congress and in Congress
alone. The power of a two-thirds majority in
these Halls is to override, we are told, all the
other powers of the Government. This is
going beyond what the Federal party claimed
in its palmiest days. Hamilton never contem-
plated any more than a consolidated Govern-
ment with separate legislative, executive, and
judicial departments, bufc this bill disregards,
denies, and overthrows every Department ot
the Government but its own.
The gentleman from Massachusetts has said
upon the floor of this House that it is within
the power of Congress, being a two-thirds
majority, to supersede—that was the word—the
Executive of the United States, who is as much
a part of the United States as Congress itself.
Here is the theory presented for the first time
that there is no judiciary, no executive, no
government, except the two-thirds majority of
this Congress, which is erected into the most
absolute and illimitable of despotisms. The
Republican party upon this floor thus has gone
far beyond their predecessors, the old Hamil-
tonian-Federalists of the country, that party
which went out of power under the adminis-
tration of John Adams in 1800, and never
secured its restoration until 1860. The appre-
hension of the people of all this, sir, is now
producing a revolution as emphatic as that of
1806, which brought Thomas Jefferson into
power, and what was the fate of the Hatnil-
tonianJFederalist then is sure soon to be yours
now.
I admire the ingenuity and legal astuteness
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,]
as a lawyer. He can make anything out of
hothing, and turn nothing into everything.
His dialectics are more creditable to his skill
than to his common sense. Other honorable
members of the legal profession have presented
tlieir quotations of authorities and their legal
disquisitions before us, who are not educated
to the bar, and they may be all clear and com-
prehensible to the mere legal mind while they
are incomprehensible to us.
But I tell these gentlemen, however astute
they are as lawyers or professional men, there
is a higher faculty than in all these quotatons
written in their books, imbedded in the in-
stincts of the people, and which sees through
all this by an instinct born of God and nobler
than any written in these books. This in-
stinct will leap over your words, periods,
colons, and commas, and irresistibly rush to
to the conclusion, first, that this bill before us
suppresses all the civil governments of the
South; next, that it supersedes the constitu-
tional Executive of the United States, and,
third, and above all, it arrays itself against
that last resort of human liberty, that ark to
which we have hitherto resorted to in all cases
when domestic violence or desolating storms
have overwhelmed us or when trouble and strife
have through political parties threatened the
safety of the State; I mean the Supreme Court
of the United States.
This bill demolishes that ark. The party in
power, for the first time in the history of this
conntry, levies a sledge-hammer blow on that
ark of the Constitution. Not content with this,
but knowing that the court will protect itself
if left to the precedents of law and history,
they hurry through this House in a single day,
without printing even, an act—I will not dig-
nify it with the name of law—which nullifies
all the precedents of the common law and re-
quires the concurrence of six out of eight
judges in order to undo what this Congress has
done, is doing, or intends to do. The instinct
of tfrc gentleman from Ohio there was higher
than his logic. He knew by that instinct which
he cannot get rid of, though he so often gets
rid of reason, that the Supreme Court of the
United States would declare unconstitutional
all these bad laws he is now concocting : and
by that instinct, which is better than his law, he
precipitated through this House a bill which
makes it necessary to have six of the eight
judges to create a majority. As well might
the Supreme Court, sitting in the old Senate
Hall, pass a resolution of this kind:
Re'olved by the Supreme Court of the United Stat**,
That in order to enaet a law three fourths of the
House of Representatives and three fourths of the
Senato of the United States shall bo required.
As well might they pass such a resolution
as for Congress to give such direction as it is
now attempting to give to a coordinate branch
of the Government, created by the Constitu-
tion, and as much a part of the Government
as this House.
Si , you will not overthrow that court. You
may overthrow Andrew Johnson; you may
destroy the Executive of the country ; you
may overwhelm the ten southern States and
turn them over to negro rule and barbarism ;
you may turn the whole South into a Hayti,
a Jamaica, an Africa, but when you throw
yourselves against that bulwark of the Consti-
tution, the court of Jay, of Ellsworth, of Mar-
shall, of Taney, your puny arm will shake and
quiver and become palsied at the very first
stroke you attempt to give.
But, says the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farxswokth,] ''the party to which you be-
long are Constitution screechers—screechers
for the Constitution." Sir, throughout all
time we have been screechers for the Constitu
tion. We have done little else but screech for
the preservation of that Constitution through-
out the war, and before the war, and since the
war. I know the sarcasm that is involved in
that word, and yet it is a high compliment to
the party with which 1 am associated. I am
proud of that devotion to the Constitution. It
is a thing to be proud of in all future time; and
when the history ot'these Congresses is written
the historian \yhen drawing his pen will recite
with pride, and posterity will read with pleas-
ure, how we have been defenders of, and, if
you choose, screechers for, the Constitution.
When the fugitive slave law—a law enacted
during the administration of George Washing-
ton by the fathers of the country in the first
Congress of the United States—was violated
in Ohio, in Massachusetts, and elsewhere, how-
ever unpopular and odious it might have been,
as defenders and upholders of the Constitution
we said it was in the Constitution, and we con-
tended for the Constitution, and only for the
Constitution. We have never given up to pop-
ularity in any and every time the Constitution
of our country, but in the darkest periods of
our history, when the Constitution was unpop-
ular, when it was not easy to defend it, we have
never ceased to screech for it. When the Uni-
ted States marshals were mobbed in Ohio, and
when in the very streets of Boston the Federal
officers could not execute Federal laws declared
by the Supreme Court of the United States to
be constitutional, however unpopular it might
have been, we have loudly screeched in de-
fense of the Constitution.
When John Brown, furnished by the Radi-
cals or Republicans with pikes and pistols and
other murderous weapons, left the North and
went against the defenseless people of Virginia
near Harper's Ferry, thus opening this war—
it did not begin with the firing of the guns at
Fort Sumter, but with the invasion of John
Brown—and when that violation of the Con-
stitution was defended by the party in power,
then, more than ever did we "screech" for
the Constitution. And, sir, we shall continue,
popular or unpopular, throughout all time,
living or dying—the Democracy, as it always
has done, will continue to "screech" for the
Constitution, and if the Constitution falls they
will say, in the language of the poet:
"Freedom shrieked when the Constitution fell."
Mr. KOONTZ. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BROOKS. I cannot; I have not time;
I am to yield part of my hour to another gen-
tleman.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Euot,] who hails from about Plymouth Rock,
and better represents that rock than any other
gentleman from Massachusetts, fervent and
pious, but hard as the rock from which he
comes, unable exactly to defend this bill upon
constitutional principles, said that, it was to be
defended outside of the Constitution, and said
that if the six bills already passed are not
enough to govern the people of the South—if
more are necessary, he is ready, perhaps week
after week, as has been done heretofore, to
present, defend, and enact new reconstruction
bills. Let me tell the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts that there is that in the
spirit of an American, no matter where he is
born, whether upon the shores of the Missis-
sippi or of the Passamaquoddy—there is that
in the bosom of an American which abhors
tyranny and oppression and which will resist
tyrants and oppressors in every form.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York declines to be interrupted.
Mr. BROOKS. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, as I referred to him.
Mr. ELIOT. I simply desire to know from
the gentleman from New York what induces
him to say that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts—referring to me, I suppose—stated that
this legislation was outside of the Constitution.
I did not sav any such thing.
Mr. BROOKS. I so understood. Am I mis-
taken ?
Mr. ELIOT. Yes, sir.
Mr. BROOKS. I so understood you. But
the gentleman certainly said that if more bills
were needed, more would be enacted by this
House in order to govern the people of the
South. Am I right in that?
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman is entirely
right in the substance of what he now says.
Mr. BROOKS. Well, I can tell him that
he may pass bill after bill like this and it will
never govern and never subdue and never sub-
jugate the spirit of an American citizen, no
matter whether he resides in Louisiana or re-
sides at Plymouth Rock.
"Tyrants, in vain ye traec the wizard ring.
In vain ye limit mind's unwearied spring j
Whatl can ye lull the winged winds asleep.
Arrest the rolling world or chain the deep?"
Oppression, tyranny, violence, and force
will everywhere, in all quarters of our country,
thank God, be resisted by the people—the
descendants of Patrick Henry and Marshall
and Iiutledge, as well as of the Adamses and
Hamiltons of the North.
No bills of yours will ever subjugate the
people of any section of this country, and the
more bills of this sort you pass, the more you
resort to violence, as in Ireland, in Lombardy,
in Austria, or Poland, the more you will have
to pass, and you may mijie of us all not Fe-
nians exactly in name, but you will inspire the
great body of the American people with a
Fenian spirit of resistance to your oppression
and tyranny. Let the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts, who is a classical scholar,
read the story of Enceladus and remember that
although mountains were piled upon him the
spirit within him was such that whenever he
turned over in his struggles there was a con-
vulsion throughout. And whenever the Mount
Etna of oppression and tyranny ig piled upon
any portion of the people of this country, they
will be constantly writhing and turning in their
agony, and make it more necessary to pile Etna
upon Etna or Atlas upon Atlas, in order to
enable their oppressors to carry out their
schemes of tyranny and subjugation.
I had intended to> pay my respects to the
honorable gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gar-
field,] but I have promised a large portion
of my time to the honorable gentleman from
Connecticut, [Mr. Hubbard,] who will examine
these legal questions with far more ability than
I can. Therefore I must yield, without respond-
ing, except to a small extent to the remarks
made here, to a gentleman who will do ample
justice to what I have left undone. I now
yield to the honorable gentleman from Connec-
ticut, [Mr. Hubbard.']
