1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4031
ing any such thing, as the Senator from Indi-
ana supposes, to the people; and I do not
suppose that the credit of this Government de-
pends on the amount of gold that it has in its
Treasury. Does the Senator from Indiana, or
the Senator from Oregon, who urged this sug-
gestion, suppose that the credit of this Govern-
ment, which owes to-day §2,500,000,000, de-
pends upon the amount of gold it hoards up in
its Treasury rather than upon the wealth of the
nation, the production of the nation, and the
enterprise of its people? It is the wealth of
the country, the enterprising population we
have, the vast productions and resources of the
country that give the nation credit. It does
not depend upon §40,000,000 or $80,000,000
that is hoarded up in the Treasury. The Sen-
ator from Indiana is not more in favor of specie
payments than I am. I am in favor of return-
ing to specie payments, and I wish some
measure could be adopted to day looking to an
early resumption of specie payments.
There is great force in what the other Sen-
ator from Indiana [Mr. Hexdmcks] said, that
we ought not to collect more gold than we
need. 1 do not believe in burdening the peo-
ple with taxation and collecting money for
the purpose of selling it. I agree with him
that our tariff ought to be so adjusted as not
to collect more gold than the necessities of the
country require. But no proposition is sug-
gested in regard to the tariff. This surplus
has been coming into your Treasury; it has
been lying there for years; and shall we keep
it there? This measure will «ot prevent a
reduction of the tariff. I shall be ready to
unite with the Senator from Indiana whenever
a fitting occasion offers to reduce the tariff, so
as not to allow more gold than we need to be
collected. That is no reason, however, for
keeping gold in the Treasury. I hope that the
amendment I have suggested will be adopted.
One word, however, in reply to the Senator
fiom Ohio, who says that $40,000,000 is not a
sufficient surplus, and then he illustrates by
what would have been the condition of the
Treasury on the 1st day of July last if this
proposition had been in operation. Why, sir,
the $40,000,000 would have met every obliga-
tion, and more, too, and we are constantly in
the receipt of gold. I presume the receipts
of gold during the month of July will amount
to fifteen or twenty millions ; I do not know the
precise sum.
Mr. SHERMAN. They amount to about
ten million dollars a month now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The receipts for the
first quarter of last year, as I have already
shown, were more than $48,000,000—more
than $10,000,000 a month.
Mr. SHERMAN. The actual receipts are
about one hundred and forty-five million dol-
lars a year now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Have the receipts for
any year within the last three years been as low
as $145,000,000 ? The receipts were $156,-
000,000 in 186(3-67, and for the first quarter of
1867-68 $48,000,000. I should be glad to
know if the Senator can inform me what the
actual receipts were for the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June last?
Mr. SHERMAN. The accounts have not
been made up yet.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose not; but we
have two quarters I think ; certainly we have
the fhst quarter.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it will be about
one bundled and sixty million dollars for the
whole of last year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is $40,000,000
more than the interest upon our entire debt
that is payable in gold ; so that we are receiv-
ing all the time more than we have to pay out.
There can be no danger in reducing the sur-
plus down to $40,000,000. Suppose it does
lake nearly all of it; so much the better. We
do not want a dollar of surplus in the Treasury
for any other purpose than to meet the calls
upon it. Certainly the Senator from Ohio
would not be in favor of keeping a single dol-
lar in the Treasury if he knew he would always
have the means coming in to meet every obli-
gation. It is only for that particular purpose
that you propose a surplus.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Are the greenbacks obli-
gations ?
Mr. TRUMBULL,
obligations.
Mr. EDMUNDS.
Mr. TRUMBULL.
They are, in one sense,
In what sense ?
They are such a kind of
obligation on the part of the Government that
I suppose they ought to be redeemed at some
time or other.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What in?
Mr. _ TRUMBULL. _ We ought to redeem
them in coin, unquestionably. 'As to these
other obligations I am not disposed to say how
we ought to redeem them. That question is
not necessarily involved in the present discus-
sion. The suggestions I was giving were in
reply to those thrown out by the Senator from
Ohio; and, according to his own statement,
these $40,000,000 would be ample to meet any
call that might come upon the Treasury at any
time.
Mr. CATTELL. I beg the Senate to come
to a vote on this question. The Senator from
Ohio, the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, has very kindly allowed the funding
bill to run along now for more than an hour.
I only wish to say, in regard to the amendment
of the Senator from Illinois, that it is a very
big question, and opens a wide field for discus-
sion, and it ought not to be attached to a bill
to which it has no positive relation, at any rate
in its present shape. It is a question, as has
been seen already, on which there is a wide
diversity of opinion on this floor, and there
will be a wide diversity of opinion in the
other House. I think the bill which I have
had the honor of advocating here is so plain
and so simple that it will pass this Chamber,
freed from this amendment, and pass the other
House without difficulty. I shall be very glad
to listen to the Senator from Illinois on this
question when it comes up in a distinct form,
not trammeling a little bill of this kind at the
close of the session with so big a measure, one
on which so wide differences of opinion are
held. Therefore I rose now, without entering
into the discussion of that question on its
merits, to say that I hope for that reason the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois will
not prevail.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not disposed to
take up time about it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the funding bill.
I think that this bill is going to lead to a long
discussion, and therefore 1 insist upon the reg-
ular order.
Mr. CATTELL. I think we can get a vote
now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing to
yield, if we can get a vote; but I ain satisfied
that we cannot. 1 know other Senators want
to discuss it. I call for the special order.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President 
Mr. CATTELL. May I make an appeal to
my friend from Oregon to allow a vote to bo
taken, unless he feels compelled to say some-
thing upon it?
Mr. CORBETT. I have been trying to ob-
tain the floor for an hour to make some remarks
on this bill. I think it is a very important bill,
one that should not bo considered in haste, and
on which all the Senators should be heard who
desire to speak upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I call for the reg-
ular order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reg-
ular order is before the Senate, it having been
passed over by common consent.
Mr. STEWART. I wish the chairman of
the Committee on Finance would let me pass a
bill, that will take but a minute or two, remov-
ing political disabilities from certain persons.
It is very important that it should go through
in order to remove the disabilities from a large j
number of persons, who are necessary to the !
organization of the southern Legislatures. |
Mr. SHERMAN. That would lead to de- |
bate. I
Mr. STEWART. I do not think anybody
will want to discuss it.. If they do I will with-
draw it. I only ask for five minutes.
Mr. SHERMAN I insist upon the regular
order of business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The regti-
lar order is before the Senate.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Believing that
a vote can be taken very soon, and that much
of the time which has been expended this
morning will be wasted unless we do get a
vote, I was going to move that that be post-
poned until the bill introduced by my colleague
is voted upon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think when the bill is
taken up the nest time the Senate will be in a
better temper for voting. I do not believe a
vote can be had to-day upon it. That is my
opinion. I hope we shall proceed with the
funding bill.
message froji the douse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPHEKSoy, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
of the Senate :
A bill (S. No. 454) for the relief of Samuel
N. Miller ; and
A bill (S. No. 486) to facilitate the settle-
ment of certain prize cases in the southern
district of Florida.
The messagealso announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint reso-
lutions, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 387) to fix the compen-
sation of the United States depositary at
Chicago;
A bill (H. R. No. 1096) making an appro-
priation of money to carry into effect the treaty
with Russia, of March 80, 1867 ;
A bill (H. R. No. 761) to construct a wagon-
road from West Point to Cornwall Landing,
all in the county of Orange, State of New
York;
A bill (H. R. No. 1427) to establish certain
post roads ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 340) for the
relief of Peter M. Carmichael, surveyor of the
port of Albany.
enrolled bills signed.
The messagealso announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bill ; and they were thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore of the Senate :
A bill (S. No. 454) for the relief of Samuel
N. Miller ; and
A bill (S. No. 486) to facilitate the settle-
ment of certain prize cases in the southern
district of Florida.
house bills referred.
The following bills received from the House
of Representatives were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred as indicated below :
A bill (H. R. No. 387) to fix the compensa-
tion of the United States depositary at Chicago
—to the Committee on Finance.
A bill (H. R. No. 761) to construct a wagon
road from West Point to Cornwall Landing,
all in the county of Orange, State of New
York—to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
A bill (H. R. No. 1006) making an appro-
priation of money to carry into effect the treaty
with Russia, of March 30, 1867—-to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
A bill (H. R. No. 1427) to establish certain
post roads—to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 340) for the
relief of Peter M. Carmichael, surveyor of the
port of Albany—to the Committee on Com-
merce.
tub funding bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
207) for funding the national debt, and for the
conversion of the notes of the United States,
the ponding question being on the amendment
