1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1983
nature. No reason appears to be assigned for
voting against the amendment proposed by
the committee, except that it is desirable to
adhere to the bill as it came from the House
of Representatives.
Now, I ask why these articles may not be
taxed? Who suffered in consequence of any
tax imposed on them? Generally they are
used by the rich people, and they can afford
to pay these burdens better than others who
are poor and less able to meet the demands
of the Government; and wherever we can im-
pose taxes- without burdening the people it
seems to me that we ought to do it, and we
oughtnot to strike down at one blow all sources
of income to the Government, because the
time will soon come—it is not far distant, in
my opinion—when it will be necessary to re-
establish these taxes, and it will be much more
difficult if it becomes necessary to reimpose
these taxes than it will be to retain them at
this time.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to make a suggestion to him?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator from
Oregon adverts to the facts that this bill em-
braces jewelry and other articles of luxury that
will necessarily be consumed by the rich, and
that are not within the reach of the poor. That
is true; and what is the reason why such arti-
cles are embraced in this bill? It is simply
this: they are very small in bulk and of great
value, and when you impose taxes beyond a
certain amount upon such articles you neces-
sarily introduce a system of frauds that defeats
the collection of all revenue upon them. This
principle now applies to a great article of in-
ternal taxation, and that is the article of
whisky. The tax upon that is two dollars per
gallon. It is so high as to give such a bounty
to frauds and evasions as to render it impossi-
ble to collect the tax. If you want to have a
fair and honest tax upon whisky, or upon any
other article in relation to which the facilities
of fraud and evasion in the payment of rev-
enue are so great, you must reduce the rate to
such an amount as that there will tie no longer
a premium for those frauds.
Now, if the honorable gentleman wants to
replenish the Treasury and to enrich it, let
him reduce the tax on whisky from two dollars
',o fifty cents per gallon and make the distiller
nay the tax, and dispense with the officers and
4ie complex sybtein, in the mazes of which the
frauds are produced that defeat the collection
of the revenue on at least three fourths of all
the whisk}' that is manufactured.
I trust the honorable Senator from Oregon
will allow me to make one other suggestion.
That Senator is an able man; he is one of the
soundest lawyers in this body; he has steadily
won upon my respect as a lawyer and as a
statesman, and he will allow me to make another
suggestion to him. Senators here exclaim:
" W'e cannot spare this tax from the revenue ;
it is necessary for the payment of the expenses
of t.he Government." Sir, can you not spare
from the Army three fourths of its strength?
The Army now consists of about fifty thou-
sand troops, and may be raised under present
laws to above one hundred thousand, when
five thousand or ten thousand men at the
utmost are all that are necessary for the wants
of the Government in the application of the
Army. Twenty thousand would surely be a
sufficient maximum. Reduce your Army to
twenty thousand or ten thousand and how
much will you save to the Treasury?
Repeal your Freedmen's Bureau and how
much will you save to the Treasury? Abro-
gate your system of reconstruction in the South
and withdraw all the subsidies and heavy
appropriations of money in that unconstitu-
tional and iniquitous system of policy for the
enslavement of the southern people, and how
much would you save to the Treasury ? Sir,
if you will go to work with a heart and a will
in the retienchment of expenditures, instead
of asking where shall wc get such an amount
as will be necessary to meet the current ex-
penses of the Government, you will be at a
loss to find the subjects to which to appropriate
the revenue you collect.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I think I
ought to leavethe Senatorfrom Kentucky [Mr.
Davis] to discuss this question with the Sen-
ator from New York, [Mr. Conkxixg.] He
represents a State in which they manufacture
whisky, and, of course, he feels very much
oppressed by the high tax upon whisky, while
the Senator from New York represents a State
in which they are engaged in the sugar refining
business, and, of course, he is very much
oppressed.
Mr. DAVIS. Permit me to make a single
explanation. About three fourths, I think,
of all the whisky that is manufactured in Ken-
tucky is taken out to California and Oregon
to find a market. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILLIAMS. Well, sir, I am very glad
to know that the Pacific coast contributes so
much to the support of the State of Kentucky,
for I have very grave doubts as to how that
State would progress unless it was for the con-
tributions received from the portion of the
Union in which I live. [Laughter.] But, sir,
the argument made by the Senator from Ken-
tucky indicates that it is impossible to levy
any tax that will satisfy every State or all parts
of the country. He is deeply aggrieved be-
cause there is a tax of two dollars upon whisky,
and he calls upon Congress to reduce that tax
because I suppose his State is engaged in the
manufacture of that article.
Mr. DAVIS. Allow me to say a word. The
honorable Senator says the consumer pays all
the tax ; so that it would be the people of
California and Oregon who would be paying
this two dollars tax upon Bourbon and Ken-
tucky whisky.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If that is so what is the
gentleman complaining about, I would inquire?
Why does he find fault with this high tax on
whisky ? If the people on the Pacific coast,
as he says, pay the tax and money paid goes
to Kentucky I do not see why he should com-
plain.
Mr. DAVIS. This is the point of coip-
plaint, if the honorable Senator will permit me
to state it: the tax on whisky is evaded to
such an extent that three fourths of the amount
that is manufactured does not pay any tax ; but
by reducing the rate of tax you will secure the
collection of it upon so large a quantity as to
increase the revenue and give us more money
in the coffers of the Treasury. I want to en-
rich the Treasury by decreasing the rate of tax.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am very sorry, Mr.
President, to hear from the distinguished Sen-
ator that the people of his State are so addicted
to fraud upon the public revenue as he repre-
sents. It is necessary that the tax should be
reduced from two dollars a gallon to fifty cents
to enable the people of Kentucky to be honest
and pay what is due from them to the Govern-
ment. I suppose, therefore, this legislation is
desirable for the sake of promoting honesty in
the State of Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator again
is mistaken. The whisky that is manufactured
in Kentucky is called old Bourbon. It is taken to
Cincinnati and New Yoik, and even to Boston,
and out of one barrel of old Bourbon the rec-
tifiers there make about three barrels of your
lied Head. [Laughter.] It is there, in those
large establishments in the great cities, where
the excessive frauds take place. As a proof
of it let me mention one fact. Before the war
there were only six distilleries in the cities of
New York and Brooklyn : now there are up-
wards of five hundred, and fraud is going on
upon a wholesale scale at each. Go into the eity
of New York and you will find whisky selling
all over at from §1 2o to $1 75 per gallon,
when the tax upon it is two dollars. These
frauds are not perpetrated in my country;
they are perpetrated upon an article that is
manufactured in my country and taken to
other countries and adulterated.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I shall
have to refer the Senator from Kentucky to
the Senator from New York to defend the
State which he represents. The Senator in-
terrupted me to say that two thirds, as I under-
stood him, of the whisky manufactured in Ken-
tucky was sent to the Pacific coast, and for
that reason the people of the Pacific coast
were the persons who consumed the whisky
and ought to complain of the high tax; but
now he represents that it goes to the city of
New York and is there adulterated, and that
the people of the city of New York, whom the
Senator [Mr. Conklixg] so feelingly repre-
sented a short time ago, are those who are
engaged in committing fraud upon the Treas-
ury. Now, sir, I will leave that question to
be settled between the Senator from Kentucky
and the Senator from New York. It is not
one in which I am concerned; and the whisky
question is not at all pertinent to this discus-
sion. It has only been thrust in, I suppose,
by the Senator from Kentucky, for the pur-
pose of showing his great solicitude for the
interests of his State. Whenever the whisky
question arises, whenever the discussion comes
up as to what tax ought to be imposed on
whisky, I shall be ready to express my views
on that question. 1 have always been of the
opinion—I am prepared to say that now—that
the tax imposed upon whisky was an inju-
dicious tax so far as the revenues of the coun-
try were concerned, and that a lower tax would
have produced more revenue.
I have taken more time, Mr. President, than
I intended. I simply rose to make one or two
suggestions as to the necessity of retaining this
tax as it has been recommended by the Com-
mittee on Finance, and to show that there were
no good and substantial reasons, in my opin-
ion, why this tax should be rejected, because it
is a tax that is imposed upon sugar and the
substitutes for coffee in the country that are
generally consumed. Bach individual pays
his proportion of this tax to a greater extent
than is true in reference to almost any other
tax in the country ; and as it is a tax that is
paid with the least complaint and seems to be
the least burdensome on the people, and as
there is a manifest necessity that we should
keep up the revenues of the country, I think
this amendment of the committee ought to be
adopted.
As to the suggestion of the Senator from
NcwYork, that the only way to stop appropria-
tions is to let the Treasury run out of money,
it strikes me that there is a consideration aftect-
ing the public credit whicli is entitled to some
weight. Suppose the Treasury of the United
States should be perfectly bankrupted and there
should be little or no revenue to the Govern-
ment, would not that affect the credit of the
country to a very great extent? And, sir, it is
not these imaginary appropriations to railroads
that exhaust the Treasury, as the Senatorfrom
New York seems to think, and he is constantly
referring to them, but it is the interest of the
public debt and the necessary expenditures of
the Government in maintaining the Army and
the Navy and the ordinary machinery of Gov-
ernment that consume this vast amount of
money. And the amount that has gone out of
the Treasury, or will probably go out of the
Treasmy, in the shape of railroad appropria-
tions is a very inconsiderable sum.
Mr. MOIIKILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, when we reach the time that the Senate
of the United States will not appropriate suffi-
cient money for the ordinary expenses of the
Government, God help us. I have supposed
that there was some danger possibly of ulti-
mate repudiation, but I never supposed that
repudiation was to begin here. I invite Sena-
tors, if they will not accept of the estimates of
the chairman of the Committee on Finance, to
make them for themselves. I think that he
made them with great liberality; and what
were they ? They showed that, if even we took
his estimates as he presented them, there was
to be a deficit of §16,000,000 ; and in order to
