1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S0O7
upon the State governments and the Federal
Government.
Sir, after the armies of the confederacy, as
it was termed, surrendered; after the insur-
rection or the rebellion was suppressed; when
the people of the rebel States all submitted to
the jurisdiction and authority of the United
States and of the United States Government,
the work was fully accomplished; there was
nothing more to do; the power of Congress
over the subject was exhausted, and not a
vestige of it remained afterward. It was the
duty of Congress, of the President, of the Judi-
ciary, of the Government of the United States,
in all of its departments, simply to acknowl-
edge that the insurrection was suppressed and
to reinstate things precisely as they existed
before the insurrection commenced.
All these States submitted to the suppression
of the insurrection. They all conceded that
that had been a crime, a rebellion, and a wrong
on their part against the people of the United
States and the Government of the United
States. They undid everything they had done
or attempted to do as separate States, and as
a separate, independent, hostile confederation ;
they retraced their steps of wrong and rebel-
lion and war as far as they could ; they came
back and acknowledged obedience to the Uni-
ted States, to its Constitution, and its Govern-
ment; and those conditions that had been
suggested to them by members of Congress
and b3' the Executive, that they should by their
own constitutions and laws abolish forever
slavery, that they should repudiate the rebel
debt, that they should repudiate the principle
of secession, were yielded to by the people of
the several States, and therefore they are bound
by them now and forever. They never can
reinstate slavery. A freeman, or a man once
made free by the laws of a State, could never
be enslaved in the United States again, even
before the rebellion.
Mr. HOWARD. Were they not sold?
Mr. DAVIS. They were sold for crime. If
the question had been made, the courts would
have settled it, I think, on the the principle I
have just stated.
But, Mr. President, I was remarking that
these States came back to the Union ; they
acknowledged the insurrection in them sup-
pressed ; they conceded that they had commit-
ted the crime of treason against the United
States: they made their submission; they
asked for readmission to the- practical and
friendly relations with the United States and
with the Government of the United States which
had formerly subsisted, and by all the princi-
plps of the Constitution, and by every princi-
ple of national law, so far as national law can
be made applicable to our case, they had a
right to take that position, and when they took
it the old state of things between them and the
other States and the United States and the
Government of the United States, was dejure
restored. After they had thus made their sub-
mission they rehabilitated their State govern-
ments, they elected Senators to the Senate of
the United States and Representatives to the
House of Representatives, and those Senators
and those Representatives ought to have been
admitted, and were by the Constitution enti-
tled to admission the moment they presented
themselves at the doors of the two Houses of
Congress for admission. Sir, the most pre-
posterous and unauthorized exercise of power
that I have ever known to be attempted was
by the Congress of the United States attempt-
ing to abrogate those States and their State
governments and to declare that they had no
legitimate governments. There is but one
power on earth that can create a State govern-
ment, and that is the people of the State itself.
The only condition that Congress can impose
upon the exercise of that power is that the
government they create shall be of a republican
form, that is of such form as the governments
of the States which existed at the time the Con-
stitution was adopted. There was not a sin-
gle State government in all the ten States that
was not more democratic, more republican in
its form, when they elected their Representa-
tives and Senators, and sent them to the two
Houses of Congress after the insurrection had
been suppressed and they had made their sub-
mission, than any State government in exist-
ence when the Federal Constitution was formed.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Will the Senator allow me to ask him a ques-
tion? /
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
understand the Senator to say that the power
and rights of the Government were exhausted
when the rebellion was crashed. Now, I wish
to knowif the call of conventions in the southern
States by the President to frame constitutions,
and the conditions which he pressed upon
those conventions, were acts done in the exer-
cise of legitimate authority?
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer that question.
He had no more right to act in those premises
than I had.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Then I wish to knowif the governments which
grew out of the call of those conventions were
legitimate governments, inasmuch as they dis-
placed the old governments.
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer that question.
They were, because the people assented to
them.
Several Senators. The constitutions were
not submitted to the people.
Mr. DAVIS. If they were not submitted to
the people the people acquiesced in them. Who
made the government of California? It was
your General Halleck wlio made it principally.
He submitted it to the people with the sanction
of their convention, and the people ratified it.
The people alone can make a government, and
they can make it by acquiescence as well as by
positive vote, as almost all the governments of
the world have been, by acquiescence rather
than by positive vote.
Mr. President, when this became the con-
dition of things that I have just ^counted it
was as competent and constitutional for the
Congress of the United States to impose another
government upon the State of Indiana or Ohio
or Massachusetts as upon the lately revolted
States.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
wish to ask another question. I understand
the Senator now to say that these constitutions
and the governments founded upon them were
legitimate inasmuch as the people acquiesced
in them. They were never submitted to the
people, except in one State, and in that State
they rejected it, did not acquiesce in it. I wish
to know how it was in that State.
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer the honorable
Senator thus: if they rejected all their govern-
ments, that did not vest Congress with_ any
power to make governments for them. Neither
the President nor Congress had any power to
make governments for the people of those
States. You speak of the congressional policy
and the presidential policy ; but there is but-
one policy, and that is the policy of the Con-
stitution. The President and Congress had
the right, if they pleased, to make suggestions
to the people in relation to their governments.
It was the right, it was the perfect freedom
of the people of those States constitutionally
to accept or to reject those suggestions, either
of the President or of Congress. ^ They did
accept the suggestions of the President, and
having accepted these suggestions and adopted
them in their constitutions, they became the
valid and constitutional law of each State.
Mr. President, I was coming to this posi-
tion—-
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator expects
to pursue his remarks, perhaps he will yield
to a motion to adjourn, or to go into execu-
tive session ?
Mr. DAVIS. I would rather do so. I would
rather take up my subject in extenso to-mor-
row, when I will give the Senator from New
Hampshire the benefit of all the light I can
shed on the subject.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is very evident that
the bill cannot be completed to-night. I move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. I hope
we shall stay here and finish this bill to-night.
We were very near finishing it on Saturday last.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understand that the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Yates] expects to
Mr. DAVIS. If it is to be the pleasure of
the Senate to go on everybody must submit,
of course. This is a very imperial body,
though not as mueh so, I believe, as the other
House. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is not debatable. Does the Senator from
Kentucky yield the floor to the Senator from
Indiana for a motion that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business?
Mr. DAVIS. I do.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I rose to state
my dissent from the position of the Senator
from Indiana on this amendment. He said
that in the proposed constitution of one of the
States there was a provision incompatible with
the Constitution of the United States; and in
that opinion I concur fully; and, as I stated,
if this was a legitimate, regular, constitutional
proceeding in relation to the constitution of
that State, I would not hesitate to vote in ac-
cordance with that conviction of my mind and in
accordance with the sentiment announced by
the honorable Senator; but, in my judgment,
there never was a work of more superfluity
than the action of Congress upon the constitu-
tions of these ten States. They have not a
particle, they have not a color, of constitu-
tional power to act upon the subject according
to my judgment. They have no right to be
entertaining a proposition that these States
shall have representation in the two Houses
of Congress upon this or that constitution.
They have 110 more right to revise and change
these constitutions than any number of private
citizens have. The whole business is coram
non judice. They have no jurisdiction over
the matter any more than Congress would
have over a constitution that was brought up
in the same way irom the State of Indiana.
Suppose a constitution were presented from
the State of Indiana, and Congress was to take
it up and be considering it and debating it, as the
Senate is the constitutions from these several
States, would it not be a burlesque except for
the mischief that it might introduce? Would
it not be ludicrous and ridiculous in the highest
degree that the Congress of the United States
should be debating such a constitution from the
State of Indiana? Indiana has been a loyal
State, one of the most loyal; but the matter of
loyalty or disloyalty in the present condition of
things does not affect the question. According
to my opinion, the power of Congress would
be exactly the same in relation to both cases.
For that reason, as the proposition now is to
amend or modify or reject a portion of a con-
stitution over which, in my judgment, Con-
gress has no cognizance, I vote against it, and
against all propositions to amend or to modify;
and I will then vote against all these constitu-
tions in whatever form they may come.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator from
Kentucky allow me to ask him a question as a
practical matter? Suppose I concede that
Congress has 110 power over this whole sub-
ject. still here is the document that we are
acting upon, and one proposition is to strike
out that which is clearly offensive, and the
other proposition is to retain it. Now, although
we have not any right to have anything to do
with the whole subject, yet we have to decide
whether we shall vote to strike that out or leave
it in, and inasmuch as it is more offensive than
anything else I think if. best to strike it out.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not dissent from the
soundness and practical good sense of the
honorable Senator's position, but my position
is that we have nothing to do with the subject,
either to make it worse or better, and in my
action I follow that conviction. Sir, so far aa
