600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
Mr. Speaker, I find I am taking up more |
time than I expected. I have an extract from ! j
an address of Professor Parsons, of the Cam- ;i
bridge law school, -which, 1 think, clearly and
accurately states the principle lying at the bot-
tom of this bill. It is as follows:
"But some persons will say all this is probable
enough and pad enough, but what right have wu to
interfere with the States in this matter? I be? to ask
such persons just this: Have not the rebels, by their
rebellion, forced upon us emancipation; and havo
they not, therefore, forced tipon us the duty of pro-
tecting them whom we emancipate from certain
misery and probable destruction; and if those States
have forced upon us this duty, have they not given
us a perfect right to discharge this duty ? This ques-
tion of right disturbs some excellent persons. Let
me then ask again, have not the rebels compelled us
to emancipate the slaves, and thereby make it our
imperative and solemn duty to pro\ide that this
emancipation shall not be disastrous to them; and
have they not, therefore, and necessarily, given us
full and perfect right todo all that this duty requires
of us? And what is this? I cannot doubt that it is
to hold those States in our military possession until
their constitutions provide that political right shall
not depend on race or color, or until Congress shall
pass an amendment to the national Constitution to
the same effect. Then we may wait safely; for
State after State will be sure to eome up, and the
work will be done.
"Let no man suppose that I undervalue State
rights. At no moment of my life was my conviction
stronger than it is now that the whole prosperity of
this country demands the preservation of the balance
between the sovereignty of the nation and the rights
of the States. It is because I so value these rights
that I would not permit a State which has renounced
them all utterly to resume and repossess them until
we have reasonable security that it cqp exercise them j
with safety to itself and to the whole country. |
" Remember that this nation must choose between ;
two alternatives, for there is no third one. Of these
two, one is to give to the men who were slaves and
are not now by our act—to give them by the right of
suffrage, because it cannot be given them otherwise—
adequate power of self-protection and defense. The
other alternative is to cast off from them the chains
of slavery and bind them anew, hand and foot, by the
chains of disfranchisement: and to deliver them thus
bound, helpless and hopeless, into the hands of those
who were their owners, and whom we have made, in
good part at least, their bitter and exasperated ene-
mies."
One single thing more, as it glances before
my mind, in reply to the gentleman from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Hubbard.] He says not only
that the second section of the bill before the
Honse is unconstitutional, but that it is imprac-.
ticable from what may be done by the Pres-
ident of the United States. He inquires how
can General Grant order one of his officers to :
one place when the President orders him to !
another? Mr. Speaker, there is no act of
Congress which the executive officer may not
have some influence in blocking, in dissipating,
in weakening, or in destroying, if he sees fit.
There is no doubt the President might make it
awkward and difficult to execute in some of its
phases this reconstruction act. If he should j
do that, then the remedy is the one which the [
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] proposed,
and which we have not yet used ; and when the
time comes that it is necessary it will be used. ;
That is a perfect answer to the gentleman. j
I now yield the remainder of my time to
the gentleman from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Jekckes.]
Mr. JENCKES took the floor, but yielded
to Mr. Bingham, who desired to submit a mo-
tion.
order of business for to-morrow.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask that by common
consent the order of business for to-morrow
be so changed tbat4fae debate shall be confined
exclusively to the bill now under considera-
tion.
The SPEAKER. There are several gentle-
men who desire and expect to speak to-mor-
row in the Committee of the Whole on the
President's message.
Mr. BINGHAM. The House can say
whether it desires the change of order.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to state that there is
a long list of gentlemen who wish to speak in
the Committee of the Whole—so long a list
that probably some of them will not be reached
this session, and so long that very many of
them cannot be reached unless the rule is
enforced more rigidly than it has been hereto-
fore limiting the speeches to one hour. There
are at least four dr five who have indicated a
desire to speak to-morrow in Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I ob-
ject.
reconstruction again.
The House resumed the consideration*of the
bill reported by the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion.
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] was kind enough last
evening to yield me three minutes of his time
for the purpose of explaining some points in
the case of Luther vs. Borden, commonly called
the Rhode Island case, and making clear by
reference to contemporaneous documents such
portions of the decision of the Supreme Court
as had not, as it seemed to rue, been well un-
derstood or properly presented in this debate.
The questions raised in that case were politi-
cal as well as judicial, and the Supreme Court
then settled by their decision, not only what
questions were judicial and what political, but
also by what tribunal the political questions
should be and had been determined. The action
of the executive department is referred to in
the opinion of the Chief Justice, but the doc-
umentary evidence on which that action was
based does not appear in the report. I caused
to be read last evening an extract from a letter
of the*then President of the United States,
John Tyler, to the Governor of Rhode Island,
in which the President gave the reasons which
governed him in sustaining what was then
known as the "charter government" instead
of what was then called the "people's govern-
ment," whose head was the so-called Governor
Dorr. In order that the point may be better
understood, I ask the Clerk to read again the
extract from the letter of President Tyler to
Governor King, dated April 11, 1842.
The Clerk read as follows:
"I have, however, to assure your Excellency that
should the time arrive—andmyferventprayeristhat
it may never come—when an insurrection shall exist
against the government of Rhode Island, and arequi-
sition shall be made upon the Executive of the Uni-
ted States to furnish that protection which i3 guar-
antied to each State by the Constitution and laws, I
shall not be found to shrink from the performance
of a duty which, while it would bo the most painful,
is at the samo time the most imperative. I have
also to say that in such a contingency the Executive
could not look into real or supposed defects of the
existing government in order to ascertain whether
some other plan of government proposed for adop-
tion was better Buited to the wants and more in
accordance with the wishes of any portion of her
citizens. To throw the executive power of this Gov-
ernmentinto any such controversy would be to make
the President the armed arbitrator between the peo-
ple of the different States and their constituted au-
thorities, and might lead to a usurped power, dan-
gerous alike to the stability of the State governments
*ind the liberties of the people. It will be my duty,
on the contrary, to respect the requisitions of that
government which has been recognized as the exist-
ing government of the State through all time past,
until I shall be advised, in regular manner, that it
has been altered and abolished, and another substi-
tuted in its place by legal and peaceable proceedings,
adopted and pursued by the authorities and people
of the State."
Mr. JENCKES. Such was the position
assumed by the President when he was first
asked as to the action he would take in the
event of a collision between the two parties
which claimed to be the regularly constituted
government of Rhode Island. The officers
of both governments either had been or were
about to be elected, and each set were to have
been inaugurated in the first week in May next
after the date of that letter. Both Legislatures
actually met. The "charter government"
organized at Newport, where the annual elec-
tion had been held from what, to us, was
time immemorial, the earliest date of our
existence as a Government. The Legislature
under the new constitution, with Dorr as gov-
ernor, organized at Providence, and then with
bands of armed men and with great, array and
in defiance of the "charter government," pre-
tended that it had been installed as the govern-
ment of Rhode Island.
The charter Legislature at Newport passed a
resolution calling upon the President for aid.
In response to their resolution he replied in a
letter from which I will ask the Clerk to read
an extract.
The Clerk read as follows:
"I freely confess that I should experience great
reluctance in employing the military power ot this
Government against any portion of the people; but,
howevor paintul the duty, I have to assure your
Excellency that if resistance be mado to the execu-
tion of the laws of Rhode Island by such force as
the civil posse shall be unable to overcome, it will
be the duty of this Government to enforce the con-
stitutionalguarantee—a guarantee given and adopted
mutually by all the original States, of which number
Rhode Island was one, and which, in the same way,
has been given and adopted by each of the States
since admitted into the Union; and, if an exigency
of lawless violence shall actually arise the executive
Governmentof the United States, on the application
of your Excellency, under the authority of the reso-
lutions of tho Legislature already transmitted, will
stand ready to succor the authorities of the State iu
their efforts to maintain a due respect for the laws."
Mr. JENCKES. This, Mr. Speaker, was a
demand upon the President for aid to suppress
domestic violence. He recognized his obliga-
tion to what was called the charter government
for the reason that that government had been
recognized as the governmentof Rhode Island
since that State adopted the Federal Constitu-
tion, and because the Congress of the United
States by its solemn acts had so recognized it.
Hence he considered the Executive of the
United States bound to recognize it in this "
emergency.
Immediately following the date of that cor-
respondence the attempts at domestic violence
were overcome, and Dorr and his forces dis-
appeared from our territory. When the Presi-
dent was next called upon it was not to sup-
press domestic violence, but to aid in repelling
invasion. It was represented to him that bands
of armed men had been organized in New
: York, Connecticut, and Massachusetts, and
[ were collecting on the borders of Rhode Island
with a view to invade that State, and on proof
of that fact being submitted to him and upon
new resolutions of the Legislature calling for
aid being forwarded to him, he sent the Sec-
retary of War to Rhode Island with plenary
i powers. But the order to the Secretary of
! War was not dated until after the entire sup-
pression of the rebellion and the driving off of
the invading forces, and not until after the act
had been committed which was complained of
as a trespass in the case of Luther vs. Borden.
But in the next year when a new Congress
took it upon themselves to examine into the
acts of the Executive upon this occasion, he
was catechised upon the subject and requested
to state the reasons why he had interfered be-
tween the two governments of Rhode Island.
He was then distinctly called upon to state what
he deemed to be the duty of the President in
the case of doubtful and conflicting State gov-
ernments. His answer was given after delib-
eration and not without advice. I will now ask
the Clerk to read an extract from President
Tyler's message to Congress in 1844, setting
forth the reasons which governed him in his
action with regard to the affairs of Rhode Island
in 1842.
The Clerk read as follows:
"That, 'requests and applications'were mado to
the Executive to fulfill tho guarantees of the Consti-
tution which impose on the Federal Government the
obligation to protect and defend each State of the
Union against 'domestic violence and foreign inva-
sion'; but the Executive was at no time convinced
that a catuii foederis had arisen which required the in-
terposition of the military or naval power in the con-
troversy which unhappily existed between tho people
of Rhode Island. Iwasin no manner prevented from
so interfering by tho inquiry whether Rhode Island
existed as an independent Stateof theUnion, under a
charter granted at an early period by the crown of
Great Britain or not. It was enough for the Executive
to know that she was recognized as a sovereign State
by Great Britain by the treaty of 1783; that a later day,
she had in common with her sister States poured out
her blood and freely expended her treasure in the war
of the Revolution; that she was a party to theArticles
of Confederation; that at an after period she adopted
the Constitution of the United States as a free, inde-
pendent, and republican State, and that in this char-
acter she has always possessed her full quota of rep-
resentation in the Senate and House of Representa-
tives; and that up to a recent day she has conducted
all her domestio affairs and fulfilled all her obliga-
tions as a member of the Union, in peace and war,
under her charter government, as it is denominated
in the resolution of the House of the 23d of March.
" I mast be permitted to disclaim entirely ana
