3008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jun© I®,
one of the humblest members of the Senate,
and one of the humblest citizens of the United
States is concerned, I never intend to acqui-
esce in any decision which Congress may make
in relation to these constitutions or these States.
As long as I have a voice that can be heard in
utterances here or elsewhere it shall always be
in favor of the original constitutional rights of
these people, and never will I consent to any
other than a peaceable submission when all
the authorities of the Government, backed by
the people of the United States, after years
and years and years of struggle to overthrow
these monstrous usurpations, shall have proved
ineffectual. I declare war against the whole
system as far as I am concerned, and that war
I will make with every energy and every fac-
ulty with which it has pleased my Creator to
endow me; and I will live and breathe in the
hope that the free people of the United States
will guaranty to the people of every State in
the Union the sole and sovereign right to make
their own constitutions and forms of govern-
ment, will come to their rescue, and will finally
vindicate these great principles of the Consti-
tution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Shsbmax] to the amendment of the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 35; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Cameron, Ferry. Howe, Ramsey,
Sherman, Thayer, Williams, and Wilson—8.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Buekalcw, Chandler,
Cole, Conkling, Conness, Corbett, Cragin, Davis,
Drake, Edmunds. Fessenden, Frelinghuysen, Har-
lan, Hendricks, Howard, Jolmson, MeCreery, Mor-
gan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Nye. Patterson of New Hampshire, Patterson of
Tennessee, Ros-s, Saulsbury, Sumner, Tipton, Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, Vickers, Wade, Willey, and
Yates—35.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cattell, Dixon, Doolit-
tlo. Fowler, Grimes, Henderson, Norton, Pomeroy,
Sprague, and Stewart—11.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Now, I move to amend
the first section of the bill by striking out all
after the word "condition " in line fourteen,
and inserting :
That so much of the seventeenth section of the fifth
article of the constitution of the State of Georgia
as suspends the collection of debts contracted prior
to the 1st day of Jane, 1865, shall be void as against
all persons who were loyai during the late rebellion,
and who, during that time, supported the Union.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I submit as a question
of order whether that motion is not the same
that has just been voted on—the motion to
strike out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The other
motion was to strike out. This motion is to
strike out and insert, and it is in order.
Mr. CONKLING. If I comprehend this
proposition aright, it is proposed that in the
same breath we shall affirm that this clause in
the Georgia constitution is unconstitutional,
and is void, and is repudiation in character,
and yet that we shall affirm it as valid as to
a certain portion of creditors whom the amend-
ment designates for that purpose. I do not
think that is quite proper.
^ Mr. MORTON. I beg leave to suggest that
this is a motion of an entirely different char-
acter. It is not to strike out of the sonstitu-
tion of Georgia a certain provision, as we have
a right to do as a condition of acceptance to
any State, but it is to insert another provision
in that, constitution which they have not done
for themselves. It is to make substantially a
new provision, not simply to strike out and
get clear of one that we regard as a violation
of the Constitution of the United States, but
it is to strike out part of it, and then make a
new one for them.
Mr. CONKLING., Or, if my friend will
allow me a moment, it is to say that this pro-
vision is half good and half bad ; that it is
valid so far as relates to everybody except
loyal men. and that us to those, it is not.; that
is to say, for a certain purpose it is, effectual,
and for everything beyond that it is ineffectual
and void.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Well, Mr. President, the
learned and distinguished Senator from New
York may begin now to see that there is no
distinction between loyal and disloyal men in
the South; but he has not been looking, I
judge, in that direction for the last three or
four years. I am very much mistaken, or con-
siderable of the legislation of Congress for the
last three or four years has been based upon
the assumption that there was a difference
between loyal and disloyal men in the southern
States; and our statute-books are full of pro-
visions that a man shall not go into a court,
shall not go into the Court of Claims and many
other of the courts of this country, unless he
can go there in the first place and affirm upon
the threshold that he is a loyal man. Disloyal
men are not allowed to come into our courts
with their claims in many instances, and the
law from the beginning of the rebellion down
to the present time has recognized that distinc-
tion. And it has been claimed here—whether
with good foundation or not, perhaps I ought
not to say—that those men who did array them-
selves against this Government not only for-
feited their right to enforce a contract, but
their property, their political rights, and, if
prosecuted, their lives.
Now the Senators seem to be astonished that
there should be any proposition made here to
make a distinction between these two classes
of persons. We do not propose to put a new
provision into their constitution ; but the bill
provides that that section of the constitution
of the State of Georgia shall be void as to all
persons, and this amendment provides that it,
shall only be void as to a certain class of per-
sons, a class of persons who have by reason
of their crime, their violation of law, and their
hostility to the Government of the Union, for-
feited their right to enforce these contracts. I
do not care to argue the question; I simply
submit the amendment.
Mr. B UCKALEW. I ask the Senator if he
has reflected that under his amendment, debts
due to foreigners will be repudiated, debts con-
tracted before the war with persons not citi-
zens of the United States ? They would be left
subject to the constitution.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly they would.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT^iro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary as amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a slight amend-
ment which I wish to move to the second sec-
tion, to insert the word "first'' afier the word
"the so as to read : " that if the day fixed
for the first meeting of the Legislature," &c.
I think it means that now; but some persons
suppose it may not.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, in the third line
of the second section, after the word '' consti-
tution," I move to insert the words "or ordi-
nance so as to read : "that if the day fixed
for the first meeting of the Legislature of either
of said States by the constitution or ordinance
thereof shall have passed," &c.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move now to strike
out in the sixth lino the words, " time fixed by
the constitution of such State," and insert the
words, " the period fixed:" so that it will read:
"if there shall not be time for the Legisla-
ture to assemble at the period fixed, such
Legislature shall convene at the end of twenty
days," &c.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to_ amend by
inserting after the word " same,"' in the ninth
line of the third section, these words:
proposed amendment to the Constitution of 'ho
United States, known as article fourteen, shall bo
deemed eligible to any office in either of said States.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not know that I
understand the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Oregon. I wish to inquire whether
this is a proposition to declare certain persons
ineligible who are eligible under the eonstita-
tion as sent to us.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have the
question divided on t|iis amendment. I have no
objection to the first part of it, which provides
for inaugurating the State officers, which would
follow as a matter of course ; but to undertake
to make a disqualification in this bill for offi-
cers holding under the State, after they are
inaugurated as State officers, or on the occa-
sion of the inauguration after the conditions
of admission are complied with, it seems to me
would be going too far, especially when the
constitutional amendment, if adopted by the
particular State, when it shall be adopted
must be the exclusive test. While I am in
favor, as it now strikes me, of the first branch
of the amendment, the second, it appears to
me, would not be right or wise. So I ask that
it may be divided.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The first section of the
bill as reported by the committee provides that
the States named there shall be entitled to
representation when the respective State Legis-
latures ratify the constitutional amendment, and
in the case of Georgia when its Legislature in
addition accedes to the fundamental condition
prescribed. Section two provides for the time
when the Legislatures shall meet for the pur-
pose of passing upon the constitutional amend-
ment. Section three provides that the first
section of the act shall take effect, as to each
State, when the constitutional amendment is
duly ratified by that State ; but there is no pro-
vision in the bill, as it now stands, as to the
time when the State officers, the Governor and
others, shall be inaugurated. I know that it
may be inferred that they are to be inaugurated
when the Legislature of the State ratifies the
constitutional amendment; but it is desirable,
and telegrams have been received here within
a few minutes showing it to be very desirable,
that all parties concerned should know the exact
time, so that there will be no chance for any
controversy on that subject. I am sure there
can be no objection to fixing a time by ex-
| press provision, which is fixed by implication
of law.
As to the other provision, the adoption of
the constitutional amendment by the Legisla-
ture of a State does not necessarily put the
constitutional amendment in force, and by vir-
tue of that constitutional amendment certain
persons are made ineligible to any office under
| the Government of the United States, or under
1 any State government. Certain persons who
! have held offices under the Government of the
! United States, taken an oath to support the
| Constitution, and have afterward gone into the
! rebellion are disqualified under that constitu-
| tional amendment from holding any office under
i the Federal Government or under any State gov-
! ernment unless Congress shall relieve them.
' There is a question in the country as to whether
or not that amendment is now a part of the
j Constitution of the United States; but in any
' event, no matter what may be the view taken
of that question, when these States ratify the
constitutional amendment, and when it becomes
a part of the Constitution, which it is supposed
will be the necessary effect of their action, let
j their offices be subject to that amendment. If
I persons who will be ineligible under the con-
! stitutional amendment when it takes effect are
! now permitted to go into office the otficps will
be vacated by the adoption of that constitu-
tional amendment. Why not provide at once
1 that no such men shall be inaugurated?
I There is no hardship whatever in this pro-
1 vision of law, because we intended, when we
! passed the constitutional amendment and ?ub-
i mitted it to the States, that the persons therein
j described should be disqualified from holding
i ofHce in the States IsiteOv in Tk«t
And thereupon the officers of each Stale duly
eleoted and ctu&Iified under the con^.ihmon thereof
shall he inaugurated without delay; but no person
prohibited from holding office under the United ? -
States, or under any {state, by section three of the u otace m tile btates lately m rebellion. That
