4032
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
offered by Mr. Wilson" to the amendment of
the Committee oil Finance.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, it wag
my desire at this time to submit some rather
extended remarks to the Senate upon the
political questions now occupying public atten-
tion ; but the condition of my health to-day
will only allow a brief reference to them.
I have observed for some days past a pur-
pose on the part of Senators who represent the
majority to avoid the position of the defensive,
and to assume, if possible, that of the offensive
in this political contest. In my judgment, that
is neither practicable nor possible on their
part; it is not in the nature of the case. For
eight years the Federal Government and most
of the State governments of the North have
been controlled by the party now in the ma-
jority in Congress, and it is not possible that
that party can avoid a response to the people
upon the questions that attract public attention.
Waiving an inquiry into the conduct of that
party during the war, which they claim it is
not just to make, and confining the inquiry to
the three years since the close of the war and
the return of peace, there are certain import-
ant questions that must be answered. And,
first, the people will desire to know very dis-
tinctly and emphatically what has been done
with the $1,200,000,000 that have been col-
lected from them under the internal revenue
law and the tariff system since the 1st day of
July, 1865. I know that $409,000,000 may be
accounted for at least in part in the payment
ot interest upon the public debt. Then the
people will want to know how it is, independ-
ently of the interest upon the public debt, that
it has taken $800,000,000 to carry this Gov-
ernment through a period of three years, when
in a time of peace it used to require but from
sixty to seventy or eighty million dollars annu-
ally. The people will wish to know during this
contest whether this enormous sum of money,
which has put tiie citizen everywhere over the
laud upon the observance of the strictest
economy to respond to the demands of the
Government, has been expended in the pro-
motion of the public welfare, or whether it
has been expended in the promotion of the
interests of a party ; whether it has been ex-
pended to extend the enterprises of the coun-
try, or to maintain in the southern States that
system of government which has gradually
proceeded from step to step in arraying one
race against another; whether it has been
expended in genuine acts of benevolence and
kindness, or in maintaining a political system
by which the colored people have been organ-
ized throughout the South into a political
party; in other words, whether this enormous
sum that has been wrung from the people has
been expended for their benefit, for the pro-
motion of their interests and for their good, or
for other purposes ; and no arts of the orator
or ingenuity of the sophist can avoid an answer
to that grave, direct, and important inquiry.
Why is it, sir, that in a time of profound
peace it has cost $100,000,000 a year to sup-
port an Army of fifty-six thousand ? The people
especially will want an answer to that ques-
tion when you propose to elect to the Presi-
dency the head of that Army, who for a portion
of that period was not only the General of the
Army, but the Secretary of War. They want
to know how it was that during the adminis-
tration of the Department by him it cost at the
rate of $120,000,000 to support the War De-
partment and Army, when it used to cost but
$1,000,000 to the regiment. TI le people will
want to know why it is that in a time of pro-
found peace, when we have no war, except
inconsiderable strifes on our borders with the
Indians, $95,000,000 were expended, in the
fiscalyear before the last, to maintain the Army,
independent of bounties, and that for the quar-
ter when the candidate for the Presidency was
the Secretary of War, it cost about thirty mil-
lion dollars, or at tiie rate of ยง120,000,000 per
annum; ยง2,000,000 to the regiment; $2,000
to the man. The people will want the majority
in Congress, when they demand the continu-
ance of power beyond this period of eight years,
to answer why it is that so much money is
drawn from them by the extraordinary power
of taxation, that it may thus go to support the
most expensive military system that has ever
been known in the world.
I might speak of some of these expendi-
tures. I might speak of that favoritism in a
small way which has shown itself in the pub-
lication in the newspapers that are favored by
special legislation m the District of Columbia
of notices for inconsiderable Army supplies
upon the Rio Grande, and at the distant forts,
when it was impossible from the date of the
publication that any man could receive inform-
ation by such publication which would enable
him to compete in the bidding. 1 might speak
of other expenditures of like sort, indicating
a favoritism not worthy of any political party
that claims the confidence of the country, but
I will not occupy so much of the time of the
Senate.
The people will wish to know during this
contest why it is that the Supreme Court has
been denied the right to inquire into the con-
stitutionality of the legislation of this Congress.
The people know that the Supreme Court was
established as one of the securities to their
liberty, as one of the props and pillars under-
neath their institutions. They want to know
why this prop and pillar has been stricken
down, and for what political and party pur-
pose it has been done. If your legislation be
constitutional, valid, and right, then the people
will wish to know why Congress should shield
itself in its enactments from that inquiry that
the Constitution intended should be had in
regard to all legislation.
The people during this contest will wish to
know why it is that the executive department
has been stripped of that power which has been
conferred upon it by the Constitution; why it
is that Congress has asiuuiod to itself all ilmse
powers which, for nearly eighty years, were
exercised under the Constitution by the exec-
utive department; and for what purpose of
good to the people this was intended. Why is
it that from the Executive lias been taken the
responsibility for the execution of the laws?
Why is it that to the Senate has been assumed
that responsibility? Why is it that Congress
has said that the power to remove from office
shall be taken from the Executive, when that
power has been exercised, and as I believe
according to the spirit of the Constitution, and
as I know, according to the construction of the
fathers, by the Executive all the time; and that
in the Senate, a many-headed body, where
responsibility is divided so that it lights upon
no particular individual, a responsibility should
be assumed which is worth nothing to the peo-
ple and guaranties nothing to the fidelity and
security of the public service.
The people will want to know why for three
years a party with a majority of two thirds in
Congress have not restored the southern States
to their practical relations to the Federal Gov-
ernment; why it is that such a period has
elapsed and no genuine, peaceful, and per-
manent results have been attained? They
know what is the condition of affairs. They
know what temporary enterprises have been
set on foot in the southern States. They under-
stand all that quite well; but they want to
know, and they demand to know, in my judg-
ment, with a very earnest demand, why it is
that these States have not been restored in the
spirit of the Constitution and with that har-
mony which will promote the permanency of
the Union, the stability of our institutions, and
tiie prosperity of every section of the country.
The people will want to know in this contest
why it is that Congress stepped in between the
Executive and an immediate, peaceful, prac-
tical, and permanent restoration of the States
to their practical relations to the Federal Gov-
ernment; why it was that when we were so far
advanced In that work under the policy inau-
gurated by the Executive, when States were
accepting the propositions, adopting constitu-
tions that were acceptable everywhere, agree-
ing to everything demanded by the North,
acquiescing in the results of the war in every
respect whatever, Congress came in and, ex-
citing a strife with the Executive, stopped,
and to some extent defeated, that restoration
policy which was bringing again permanent
union and permanent prosperity. That ques-
tion will be asked by a sensible, thinking peo-
ple, and it is for the majority in Congress, and
for their partisans over the country, to give a
direct, plain, and unequivocal answer.
The people will want to know in this connec-
tion why it is that by this political controversy
that Congress has gotten up with the Execu-
tive, striking down the policy that was then
almost a success, the return of trade, produc-
tion, and of prosperity have been indefinitely
delayed. They know, as Senators know, that
from the time when this controversy was got-
ten up by Congress to break down the policy
of restoration, then almost completed, the pro-
ductions of a large portion of the country have
from year to year fallen off, and that the exports
which those productions furnished, enabling us
to keep up the balanceof trade somewhat in our
favor, have fallen off so much that in a large
degree that balance has been made np in gold
and in the Governmentsecurities. Thepeople
want to know why it is that trade cannot be
allowed to return to its ancient channels ; that
the industries of the country are not encour-
aged, but that, on the contrary, they are kept
in that disturbed condition that investments
dare not be made by capital, and that labor is
afraid to make an effort even if capital should
be invested.
The people will ask one further question,
what has been gained by this controversy, like
the question that in former times was asked
by the grandchild of the grandfather in rela-
tion to the great battle, " What has all this
been about?" Senators know very well that
when the 'Thirty-Ninth Congress met the woik
of restoration, according to the policy of r.
Johnson, was almost completed. Constitutions
had been adopted in the southern States abol-
ishing slavery, or declaring it abolished for-
ever, repudiating the southern debt, and mak-
ing every pledge to the Federal Union which
northern sentiment demanded ; but Congress
intervened against that policy and interposed
its own, and now the people, after two or three
years of delay, of distraction, of the disturb-
ance of trade and commerce, want to know
what has been gained by it. When you come
to answer that question to the people you can-
not show them a single southern constitution
which any republican mind can say is a better
constitution than had been adopted under the
Johnson policy, unless you say it is a better
constitution because the negroes are enfran-
chised and a part of the whites disfranchised,
and the power in a great section of the coun-
try taken from the white men and given to the
colored men.
The people will want to know why it is that
after the close of the war, after there was no
longer a rebel soldier with a gun in his hand,
after the South had amended its constitutions
and changed its laws according to the demands
of the North in every particular, after they
had declared slavery abolished, secession a
fallacy, and the rebel debt not to be collected,
why, then, in one third of this country did the
party in power break down State governments
and establish iii their stead military govern-
ments ; why was it in that work you made the
civil law subordinate to the military law ; the
judge upon the bench subordinate to the com-
manding officer ; and gave to a military officer
the power to drive the legislators from the
halls ot legislation, and to substitute men of
his own selection in their place, and subverted
all the principles of free government, recog-
nized, honored, and revered in this country,
and established in their stead a system of gov-
ernment that finds no parallel in any of the
countries of the world since the days of the
proconsuls. To that question, it seems to me,
it will be difficult to find a suitable answer. It
is  ot enough to say that in neighborhoods
