1668.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
601
nnqoalifiedly the rifht on the part of the Executive
to make auv real or supposed defects 111 any State
c institution or form of '• ''rumen! the pretext tor a
fuiiirt' to enfor*e the laws or the snarantees of the
Constitution of the United States with reference to
aa> mk-!i S'ate. 1 utterly repudiate tile idea, m turms
tini11 *' 1 ;i< I can ciup'.oy, that those law? are not
to be enforced or those firuirantecs complied with
because the l'resideut ma> believe that the right of
 uftrage or any other itreat popular right is either too
r- stri -t^i < ■ r t  o broadly cnl.ir-ted. I, also, with equal
s'rensth resist the Hea that it falls within the Exe-
cutive competency to decide in a eontrorery of the
nature of that winch existed iu Khode Itdaud ou
n !i, -h si 1? "< the msj irit> of "he people or as to the
extent of the rights of a mere numerical majority.
K>r the Kxecutire to assume such a power would be
to assume a power of the most dau^erous character.
" t "der ^u-'h assumptions the States of this I'uion
won: i have no security for peace or tranquillity, hut
might he converted into the mere insii unients of
executive will. Actuated by selfish purposes, ho
nrjht become the great dictator, fomenting assaults
upon the State constitutions, and declaring the ma-
jority of to-day to be the minority of to-morrow,
and the minority in iu turn the majority, beforu
whose decrees the established order of tiling in the
State should be subverted. Revolution, civil commo-
tion. and bloodshed would he the inevitable conse-
quence. The provision m the Ciiustitiuion,intended
tor 'he security of the State, would thus be turned
into an instrument for their destruction: the Presi-
dent would become, in tact, the great constitution-
maLer for the Slates, and all power would be vested
in his hands."
Mr. JENCKE3. That is the only case which
has arisen in the history of our country which
has called lor the definition of the powers of
the several departments of its government.
In that case we have t'1 • 'lecisionofthe Supreme
Court as well as oi t.ie Executive, that the
authority and power to decide as to what is
the constitutional government of a State is not
iu the executive or in the judicial department
of the Government, but in Congress. The
Supreme Court has so declared in so many
words, "The right to make that decision is
there, [in Congress,] and not in any court."
I he Executive says distinctly that it is not
vested in liira, therefore the only department
of this Government which has jurisdiction over
this matter is the Congress of the United
States.
Now, in the light of this precedent, what is
the true ground for the action now proposed ?
We all agree with the opinion of the present
President, in the springot I860, when he issued
his proclamation for the reorganization of the
State of North Carolina, that there was no civil
government there; that all civil government
there had been utterly destroyed by the rebell-
ion. During the period immediately preceding
the meeting of the last Congress he undertook
to do what his predecessor, Mr. Tyler, under
similar circumstances, said he had no power to
do, to raise and construct State governments.
It is true, be said all the time that the action
of the people of those States, and of the execu-
tive department in that regard, would be subject
to the approval and ratification of Congress
when it assembled.
Xow, when Congress did assemble the acts
of the President and those under his authority
were -not satisfactory to that tribunal. It was
a long time before the Thirty-Ninth Congress
could obtain official information of what had
been done. Congress met on the first Monday
of December; and the message of the Presi-
dent, transmitting that information to Congress,
was not received until the month of March fol-
lowing.
In the meantime evidence of hostility to the
Government of the United States, which was
unmistakable in its character, had been re-
ceived from every quarter of the South. The
Executive did not conceal his disappointment
at the coolness with which his efforts at recon-
struction had been received by the people.
Congress undertook to settle the difficulty by '
proposing an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, establishing a due pro-
portion between the representation and the
voting constituency. Instead of the acceptance
of that amendment either by these pretended
State governments or by the Executive, it was
opposed by the latter and rejected by the i
States most interested in it. Therefore the i
plan of the President had failed, and the first i|
plan of Congress had not succeeded. The il
pretended governments of these States were
fast drifting into open rebellion. There was
do disguising the fact that there was no har-
mony between the so-called Legislatures of
Mississippi, South Carolina, &c., and the
Government of the United States as repre-
sented in Congress.
What was to be done? Was Congress to
allow a new rebellion to be instigated, to be
fostered into life by the Executive? or were
they to undertake other means for keeping
peace throughout the nation ? They decided
that it was their duty to undertake other means
and those means are these reconstruction acts,
instead of being acts of tyranny and oppres-
sion, as characterized by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Bbooks,] they are nets of
the greatest beneficence. Instead of being acts
for the assassination of ten States, as stated
by the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Hub-
bard,] they are nets of resurrection for the ten
States. No lawful governments have existed
iu those States since the surrender of Lee's
army. Since that time they have all lain pros-
trate beneath the sword of the Republic.
These governments fostered by the Execu-
tive could not sustain themselves unless backed
by the sword of the Government. No gov-
ernment can be maintai.ied in that territory
without physical force to sustain it. Con-
gress, while recognizing those executive gov-
ernments as provisional governments merely,
made provision, as it clearly was within their
power to do under this precedent, to raise up
new republican governments, under which every
citizen resident within that territory should have
alt his rights and exercise his just proportion
of political power.
Now, sir, it is the grossest perversion of
terms to call this beneficent action tyranny.
How else could these States be restored to new
life ? It was well asked by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] how were the
guarantees of the Constitution to be carried out
by the United States except by the power of
the United States? If its moral and legal
forces are not sufficient, if the laws which it
enacts cannot be carried into effect by a posse
comitatis, then they must be carried into effect
by the sword and under the sword. The last
resort of power must be had in order to give
the laws vitality. That is all that is proposed
to be done here and now. Under the sword
of the General of the Army executing the law
of Congress, no man can be oppressed. There
can be none who will not enjoy his right to par-
ticipate in organizing a peaceful constitutional
government without let or hinderance. The
hostile elements which have heretofore stood
face to face ; those who have regarded labor
as dishonorable and those who have been com-
pelled to perform enforced labor will now be
obliged to work together harmoniously, and
the condition of violence and hostility which
has heretofore existed must cease. This is the
purpose for which Congress proposes to use
the Army—to keep the peace, repress violence,
and secure freedom of action to all.
The simple effect of this bill i3 that there
shall be no power in any officer under the Con-
stitution or Government of the United States to
obstruct the execution of the laws of the United
States. If Congress has the complete juris-
diction over this subject, as the Supreme Court
and a former Executive hare declared, then
we mast see to it that this jurisdiction is not
impaired; that every ofiicer, from the highest
to the lowest, is powerless unless in accord with
the law; and for this purpose it is a declared
fact that the presidential office in all its func-
tions, even in that of Commander-in-Chief of
the Army, is as powerless and vacant as if the
incumbent had been removed. He has no right
to exercise his power in this respect^ against
the power of Congress; and I will say to the
gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Hubbard]
that the language which he quoted from the
first section of this bill is not to be perverted
nor explained away nor qualified, but means
exactly this: that Congress being the ultimate
and exclusive power under the Constitution to
decide upon this matter, the Executive shall
not set up an opposite opinion, nor shall any
court, even that which is called supreme. If
the gentleman cau point me to nny authority,
any decision, or any statute which gives the
Supreme Court jurisdiction over subjects of
tliis kind, or which gives the Executive juris-
diction without the consent of Congress, then
the remarks of the gentleman may have some
foundation. But when both those branches of
the Government have by solemn act declared
that it is not their duty to decide questions of
this kind, but that it is the duty of Congress,
then when Congress has undertaken to perform
this duty it is also bound to call into existence
its full power to enforce its jurisdiction.
What has been the course with regard to our
reconstruction laws? The Executive has pre-
tended to see that they were carried into exe-
cution ; yet when one commander had just
become familiar with his duties he has been
removed and another put in his place. Time
has thus been consumed and wasted. Not-
withstanding the utmost efforts of thiB Con-
gress and its officers, notwithstanding the most
vigorous attempts to enforce our laws through
these unwilling instruments, no State has yet
presented itself for readmission into this House.
There are ways of defeating the law without
directly opposing it; and sometimes, as in this
case, those ways are more fatal than direct
opposition would be. The man who ought to
execute the laws, and those who ought to sup-
port him in their execution, make no secret of
their desire and intention that these laws should
fail; that these acts of Congress, clearly de-
volving upon them the duty of carrying them
out, *linll be of no force, but that some other
plan shall be adopted by which States shall be
organized upon a different basis from that of
equality before the law and the common rights
ot all. In: other words, that the first principles
of the reorganization of these communities
shall not be the principles of the Declaration
of Independence, but shall be some other of a
more rigid, more aristocratical, more oligar-
chical character.
Mr. Speaker, the whole purport of the bill
is to assert and enforce our authority over this
subject, and for that reason I give it my support.
' We propose by this bill simply to execute the
clear duty which has fallen upon us, and to
declare that no one amenable to the laws of the
i Republic shall stand in the way of the execu-
tion of those laws. Even though he be the
Commander-in-Chief of the Army, yet he is
subject to the laws which regulate the Army.
The power to raise and support armies resides
S here and not elsewhere. The constitution of
those armies and the regulations by which they
shall be governed emanate from these Halls,
not from the office of the General of the Army
or of the Commander-in-Chief. The purpose
for which these armies may be used must be
; declared by Congress. Having this power we
propose to say to the southern people: follow
out the line prescribed in these acts, give to
each man his just rights, exclude from voting
only those who by their former conduct have
shown themselves unfit to exercise the privi-
lege, organize your communities on a sound
republican basis, and you shall be admitted
here as new States with all the rights of the
j old, and we with you wi&form again this great
1 Republic, not to be shaken or dissevered by
| any such cause like that which has heretofore
threatened to rive it asunder.
Mr. PETERS. I yield now to the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine.]
sale of sea islands.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Freedmen's Affairs, reported
a bill (H. R. No. 457) to provide for the sale
of certain lands and lots on the sea islands of
Beaufort district, South Carolina, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
ESTATE OF ISAAC PIIILLIPS, DECEASED.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
