1868.
THE COISTGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4033
there were broils and murders. Why, sir,
some time ago I read to the Senate, from one
of the papers published in this city, a telegram
coming irom the cenlial portion of Alabama
that the fifth white man had been murdered in
the same neighborhood, and no notice what-
ever had been taken of it ; and that, too,
under the government, military, powerful, and
despotic, which you had established there.
Mr. President, when the people of the coun-
try demand to know of their legislators why
civil law is subordinated to military law, why
the judge upon the bench is stripped of his
robes of office, and in his stead there is sub-
stituted a military commander to decide upon
the rights of the people ; when thev demand
to know why in secret commission and military
court the citizen is tried for a criminal offense,
or touching a civil right, why these things are
done in this country in a time of profound
peace, some grave and weighty answer must
be given them.
They will want to know why it is that you
pretend for the time to repudiate on the part
of Congress the right to establish negro suf-
frage in the northern States and yet establish
it in the southern States; why it is that you
rally upon a platform attempting to avoid the
responsibility of this issue at home, and yet
would seek to establish such a system of suf-
frage in ten of the States of the South ; and
what answer will you give? Do you tell the
people of the North that they are not inter-
ested in the question of suffrage in the south-
ern States? You cannot make that answer,
for this fall it may occur that the negro votes
of the South will decide the presidential elec-
tion. It may occur that a majorit3' of the elect-
oral votes in the North will be overcome by
the negro votes of the South. It may not so
occur; but jet if it docs occur, and if the col-
ored people of ilie southern States, holding the
balance of political power in this country, shall
decide who is to be the President and the Vice
President of the United States, is not that
coming home, as a practical and direct ques-
tion, to every northern man; his vote being
overcome by the vote of the colored man of
the South, and that, too, by an act of Con-
gress? So that the people of the North will
want to understand how it is that you pretend
not to force upon them negro suffrage at home,
and yet establish it in ten of the States of the
South.
The people will want to know why, in a time
of peace, the rights of the citizen have been
trampled under foot, and the ancient writs of
the law which protect and secure them in their
property and in their personal liberty have
been abrogated; why it is that instead of the
courts of law where men are heard face to face,
the witnesses called face to face, the jury from
the neighborhood hearing all the evidence,
deciding the case, why that mode of trial in
court has been abolished, and in its stead has
been established the military court, where there
are none of the guards and securities for jus-
tice that a thousand years of experience have
shown to be essential?
Mr. President, the two parties into which
the people ^of this country are now divided
have declared their platforms of principles;
they have put their tickets in nomination ; and
it is for the people now to decide which set of
principles they will adopt, and which set of
candidates they will elect. Upon this subject
I have but very few remarks to submit.
In my opposition to the ticket that was nom-
inated at Chicago I never expert to place it
upon personal grounds. I recognize the gen-
tleman at the head of that ticket as an emi-
nent military man, and his associate as a dis-
tinguished civilian. Against them, personally,
I expect never to express a sentiment. I
oppose their election because they have become,
by acquiescing in their nomination, the repre-
sentatives of the sentiments that have con-
trolled Congress for the last three years;
because they stand upon a platform which is
objectionable in part and equivocal in part.
The convention at New York has expressed
AOxh Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 253*.
its views in a platform which in no section can
be misunderstood. The man that runs may
read and understand. The plainest as well as
the most learned will interpret it alike. It
declares our views and our purposes so dis-
tinctly and emphatically that the people are
not and cannot be misled.
The contrast between the two platforms
struck me with great force as I listened to the
Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Frelinghuy-
sent] some minutes since, as he read one of the
sections of the Chicago platform declaring that
the public debt must be paid in accordance
with the letter and the spirit of the law. What
does that mean ? My colleague would say, I
have no doubt, that it means one thing, and
the Senator from New Jersey would claim
that it means another, a very different thing.
Many Senators claim that the spirit of the law
is that the bonds shall' all be paid in gold ;
while other Senators, eminentandclear-headed,
say that it means they shall be paid in green-
backs, if Congress chooses so to pay them.
The resolution of the Democratic conven-
tion is as follows:
"Payment of the public debt of the United States
as rapidly as practicable; all moneys drawn from
the people by taxation, except so much as is requi-
site for the necessities of the Government, economi-
cally administered, being honestly applied to sueh
payment; and where the obligations of the Govern-
ment do not expressly state upon their face, or the
law under which they were issued docs not provide
that they shall be paid in coin, they ought in right,
and in justice, be paid in the lawful money of the
United States."
The resolution declares that, unless the obli-
gation issued by the Government, or the law
authorizing its issue, expressly provides that
it is to be paid in gold it may be paid in law-
ful money.
The law authorizing the issue of the five-
twenties provided for a lawful money, and
declares Treasury notes, with the legal-tender
clause, to be lawful money; and neither the
law nor the obligation provides that these bonds
shall be paid in gold.
Governor Seymour stands upon this plat-
form, and I claim that the platform explains
itself, and standing upon the platform his
position is not and cannot be misunderstood.
I had thought of reading one or two other of
the resolutions adopted at New York, in con-
trast with the resolutions adopted at Chicago,
to show that at New York positions were
assumed plainly, distinctly, directly, so that
the people could not be misled by anything that
was there said. But, sir, as it would likely
take more time than I am able to occupy this
morning, I will not go further in that direction.
With a platform explicit and direct upon all
the great questions that now attract public
attention, it only remains to inquire who are
the men that stand upon it. 1 need not, in
addressing either the Senate or the country,
occupy much time in speaking of Governor
Seymour. He has been long known to the
'country as one of the first of her statesmen.
A ripe scholar and profound thinker, in times
and in positions of great difficulty he has done
the State much service. He has filled posi-
tions the highest in this country except that to
which he has been nominated, and to which, in
my judgment, he will be elected. A states-
man cool in thought and efficient in action he
will command the confidence of the country.
I know that criticisms have been made upon
his conduct during the war. I am glad that it
requires but a sentence to answer all criticisms.
So efficient was he as the Executive of the great
State of New York, in the raising of troops,
and especially in the aid he gave to the Gov-
ernment about the time of the battle of Get-
tysburg, that Mr. Lincoln returned him, in the
most earnest and emphatic manner, his thanks.
He is an eastern man, but he is acceptable
to the Northwest. We know from the senti-
ments that ho has always expressed that he
is not a sectional man. He is a man who, at
the head of this Government, will recognize
all sections, and respect and labor to promote
the interests of each. While the chief Exec
utive of the State of New York he favored,
publicly and privately, that policy which would
encourage the producers of the great North-
west. He favored on the part of the State
of New York the adoption of a policy that
would allow our heavy freight to pass over the
State canal almost without charge; and if his
policy had been carried out to the extent that
he desired the Northwest would have been
benefited to the extent of millions of dollars.
A national man, fair to all sections, he may
well receive the support not only of his own
but of that section irom which I come; and I
believe that he will receive a support, whether
sufficient to control the votes in the South or
not I will not say, but a cordial support in that
section of the Union. Whether he can obtain
the electoral votes in the southern States will
depend, in my judgment, 'upon the question
whether the military are kept organized in
those States, and the Freedman's Bureau,
with its party machinery, to control the elec-
tions.
Of General Blair, the candidate for the Vice
Presidency, 1 need say but little to the Senate.
He was at one time a member of the other
branch of Congress, and recognized by all as
possessing high attainments and abilities.
Talented, generous, and brave, he will receive
an enthusiastic support. Connected with the
Army, and participating in some of Us grand
movements that have made its heroes immor-
tal, his name and fame will be cherished and
guarded by his late associates in arms. The
criticisms, sharp and ingenious, that have
been made upon the views which he may have
expressed upon the condition and rights of
the people of the subjugated States will not
be heeded by the people when they reflect that
you have shut the door of the Supreme Court
against all inquiry in regard to the legislation
which he has denounced. You have declared
that your legislation shall not undergo that
review and examination which the Constitution
itself contemplated. You have declared that
the judiciary shall not decide whether your acts
of reconstruction are constitutional and valid.
You have therefore left it to the executive
to decide for itself.
Mr. President, I believe that the highest
interests of this country demand the election
of this ticket, and that it will be elected, and
that the country will again be restored to per-
manent peace—peace that rests not upon sub-
jection to despotic power, but upon the restored
supremacy of the Constitution and the rightful
authority of all the departments of the Gov-
ernment, and to a prosperity as enduring as
that peace.
Mr. STEWART obtained the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
will yield the floor I desire to make a report
from the committee of conference on the mis-
cellaneous appropriation bill.
Mr. STEWART. Very well.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, submitted tho
following report;
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill iH. It. No. 818) making appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30,18(51^ and for other purposes, having
met, after full and free conference have agreed to
recommend, and do recommcnd, to their respective
Houses, as follows;
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 12K 18, 21, 32, 34, and 57.
That the House of Representatives rcecde from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Senate
numbered 2, 6, 8. 9, 20, 26, 3S, 39, 40, 4i, 42, 48, 56, 5S,
59, 60, and 61, and agree to the same.
That the Houoe recede from their disagreement to
the first amendment of the Senate, and agree to tho
same with amendments, as follows: strike out of
said amendment the words "five hundred," and
insert in lieu thereof " two hundred and fifty and
at the end of line twelve, page 1, of the bill, add the
following; " Provided, further, That all necessary
letter-press printing and book binding, in all the
Deparcmentsand bureausshafl bedone andexecuted
at the Government Printing Office, and not else-
where, except registered bonds and written records,
which ma-y bo bound as heretofore at the Depart-
ment.''
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventh amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same, with an amendment, as follows: in lieu of
