1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
485
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Purchase, of Alaska—-Mr. Williams.
Ho. of Reps.
rebellions ever known in any country, and has
shown.himself to be possessed of not only su-
perior military power, but that of legislative.
In his hands our ship of State must be safe.
In Schutler Colfax, our candidate for Vice
President, we have a man possessed of supe-
rior legislative powers; a man who would never
betray the trust committed to him. These two
candidates, likethe latePresident;Lincoln. have
by their own merits risen from the humble
walks of life to the conspicuous positions they
now and will hereafter occupy. The Repub-
lican party, though but about twelve years old,
having its foundation upon that of the old Whig
party, is a powerful organization. It with-
stood the great conflict in the gigantic rebel-
lion, and battled for rights. It spurned with
indignation executive encroachments which
were calculated to endanger the safety of the
Republic. This country has wiped from its
escutcheon the dark stain of slavery, which
was looked upon by the nations of the earth as
a stigma and inconsistent with a republican
form of government.
As to negro suffrage, which seems to have
agitated the public mind, it has been adopted
in the reconstructed States; but as to "the
States that remained loyal, it is left for the
people to decide, though in the State of New
York the* negro long since exercised under
their constitution that right, though with a
property qualification attached, and it was also
exercised in certain other northern States.
As to Pennsylvania, that question rests en-
tirely with the people, a majority of whom
are to decide under our State constitution.
We are now, Mr. Chairman, soon to separate
and return to our constituents, whom we have
endeavored faithfully to serve, and it is for them
to approve or disapprove of what we have done.
One thing I can truly say, that our object has
been to legislate for the welfare and perpetuity
of this Republic, and I trust that this great
nation, whose fiag^ now waves in triumph in
every ocean, shall continue to prosper, and
our form of government be an example for
other nations to imitate.
I will say, Mr. Chairman, in conclusion, that
the masses of the late rebellious States will
find that the policy of Congress is calculated
to elevate and place their States in a higher
and more prosperous condition than they ever
occupied before, dnd one that a majority of
the entire people shall govern, and not an
aristocratic minority; one where4the dignity of
manhood shall be fully realized, the intellect
expanded, and the achievements of free labor
sought and developed to their highest and
noblest ends.
Purchase of Alaska.
SPEECH OF HON. T. WILLIAMS,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the IIousb of Representatives,
July 9, 1868,
On the bill (II. E. JJo. 1096) making an appropria-
tion of money to carry into effect the treaty with
Russia of Maich 30,1867.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, my apology for claiming the privilege
of declaring my reasons for voting against this
bill consists only in the transcendent import-
ance of the principles involved. Next to the
great work of reconstruction, I know no ques-
tion of the day, or of any day, so full of inter-
est to this nation, or bearing so largely on its
welfare in the long future to which I had
fondly hoped that it was destined. The step
into which this reckless and ruinous Adminis-
tration, with the aid of a subsidized press, and
by the profligate use of all that machinery c>f
fraud and imposture which it can so readily
command, is endeavoring to hurry us without
any inteil'gibie motive, unless it be to revenge
itself upon the nation whose confidence it has
so justly forfeited, involving as it does a first de-
parture from our traditional policy, and launch-
ing us at once upon a new career, fraught, as
I verily believe it is, with infinite perils to
those who are to come after us, is one which 1
cannot contemplate without the deepest con-
cern. I had hoped that this cup would be per-
mitted to pass away. There was so little about
it to invite, and so much to shock and repel, that
it seemed impossible that this House could be
brought to drink it. It looks now as though I
was mistaken, .and it is not in my judgment
one of the least of the ill omens that cloud
the horizon of the future, that such a result
could have been achieved under such unprom-
ising circumstances. I cannot hope to avert
it by anything that F can say. If this House
can listen with patience, and even with ap-
proval, to such arguments as have been em-
ployed to secure its suffrage for a measure such
as this, it would be idle in me to expect that
anything which I can offer would weigh a
feather against it. All I have to ask, there-
fore, is the privilege of registering my earnest
and solemn protest in such a form as will carry
to the people the reasons upon which I have
been constrained to think that fidelity to the
Constitution and a proper regard for their
highest and best interests imperatively required
of me the warning I have to utter, and the vote
which I am about to give.
The first question here is as to the power, not
so much of Congress as of the House, to refuse
tli e appropriation required to carry this so-
called treaty for the purchase of foreign terri-
tory into effect—not the physical power of
course—not the power generally to disregard a
treaty at the expense of good faith and at the
risk even of war—but the moral power, by
which I mean the right, to refuse the aid which
the contract stipulates, and without which it is
well settled that it cannot have the force of
law. And this, in the present cass, is not the
question of the right to refuse an appropriation
generally, but only of the right to refuse itin the
ease of a negotiation for the purchase of foreign
territory. If it has no such power, there is an
end of all controversy except upon the singje
question—not whether the bargain, if fairly
made, was a good or a bad one, but whether
it is so manifestly against the interests of the
nation to ratify the act, as to make it our duty
to refuse the necessary aid at the risk of any
legitimate consequences that might follow the
refusal.
The report of the majority of the Committee
on Foreign Relations admits that the House
has a right to consider the merits of a treaty,
and to determine whether its object is within
the scope of the treaty power, and that, if found
to be in conflict with the fundamental principles,
or purposes, or interests, of the Government, it
would be justified not only in withholding its
aid, but in treating the agreement itself as not
binding on the nation, while it is only claimed
that Congress is bound to give it effect where
it is not inconsistent with the spirit and pur-
poses of the Government.
These admissions even with the exception
claimed, which is obviously in conflict with the-
conceded right to consider the agreement on
its merits, would seem to be broad enough to
satisfy the extremist advocate of the powers of
this House. If it may determine whether the
object is within the scope of the treaty power ;
if it would be justified in not only withholding
its aid, but in giving notice to the parlies inter-
ested, that the agreement will not be regarded
as binding on the nation wherever it finds it to
be in conflict with the fundamental principle',
purposes, or interests of the Government; if,
in a word, it is only bound to give it effect as a
contract, where it is not inconsistent with the
spirit and purpose of the Government, then it
has tfie entire control of the subject, and may
do even thing that has ever been claimed for
it. The exception itself is but the affirmance
of the doctrine that wherever the treaty is in
conflict ivith the true meaning of the Constitu-
tion it can have no binding force upon the
country.
These opinions are but the expression of the
rule of the public law, that no contract made
by the sovereign is ever held to be obligatory
on the nation, if it is at war with the funda-
mental law of the State. I should not, there-
fore, m the face of such concessions, have
thought it necessary to say a word in their sup-
port, if the position taken by the honorable
chairman himself in the debate had not seemed
to me to be^ in such obvious conflict with his
own admissions as to amount to a virtual re-
traction of all that he had previously conceded,
while the arguments ctf most of his coadjutors,
even while asserting, like him, the right of the
House to deliberate, were equally inconsistent
and illogical in the assertion that a bargain
once made by the President and Senate, involv-
ing the payment of money for this or aiiy other
purpose, was binding upon the conscience of
the nation, and could not be rightfully repu-
diated in any imaginable case. If I have cor-
rectly understood these gentlemen, they have
left to the Congress, of which they are them-
selves a part, no more than the very humble
duty of carrying out the will of an acknowl-
edged superior ; and judging from the general
expression, I think it may be safely said that
if this untoward measure is to pass, it will owe
its success far more to the idea that we are
concluded by what ^ has been done by others
without our knowledge or consent, than by any
favorable opinion of the merits of a transac-
tion which nobody here would have advised,
and few would care to venture to defend. I
do not so esteem of my own rights as a Repre-
sentative. As a member of this House I can-
not but deplore the self-abnegation which would
ignore its high functions as a legislative body,
intrusted specially by the Constitution with the
control of the public purse, and degrade it into
a mere subordinate to an inferior member of
the State, the ordinary executor only of its
own will. I trust, therefore, I shall be excused
for giving to this worse than self-denying, this
monstrous and indefensible heresy, a much
fuller consideration than it might seem other-
wise to have deserved.
The question as to the extent of the treaty-
making power under the Constitution, and the
general authority of Congress to deliberate,
and of course decide for itself, upon the expe-
diency of carrying into effect a treaty made by
the President with the concurrence of the Sen-
ate, wherever it contains stipulations on any
subject committed te its jurisdiction, is one that
has been largely discussed on two several occa-
sions in our history. The first was upon the
treaty with Great Britain in 1791, for the ad-
justment of existing disputes, and the regula-
tion of commerce and navigation between the
two countries; and the second upon the treaty of
commerce and navigation with the same Power
in 1315. The result of the former was that
although the laws required for the purpose
eventually approved themselves to the judg-
ment of the House, they were only passed on
grounds of expediency, after a protect in the
shape of a solemn resolution of that body, as-
serting that—
" ]n all c.irco where a treoiy stipulates regulations
on any subject commit!ed by the Constitution to
Congress it must depend ftu its execution as to such
stipulation upon a lew or hiws to be pasecd by Con-
Si es,\ and that it is the c'.nr.itutionrl) i?ht and duty
ofthellouso in atl such cases to deliberate on the
ospediency or inexpedient y of c u'ryiaic suetl treaty
into ejXeet, and to determine aYrd act thereon as in
theii judgment, may be most conducive to the public
good."
Iii the latter case, where the effect of the
stipulation was only to interfere with exist-
ing laws, the same doctiiue was substantially
affirmed by both Houses in the passage of a
law agreed upon after a conference between
them, declaring-that—
" much of ar.y act or an? of OoiigiesS ns imposed
