1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1980
manufacture. Take, for instance, the raw
cotton which is manufactured into a dress, or
take a piece of iron which is manufactured
into a watch-spring, the changed condition of
the article adds to its value in the market, and
it brings more. But the process which sugar
undergoes is simply what is necessary to pre-
pare it for market; it is like the threshing of
wheat or the shelling of corn.
I have heard it said here that natural prod-
ucts had no greater right to exemption than any
other articles; but I think in what I have stated
the reason is very palpable. The value of these
natural products is, in fact, made up of labor,
including, perhaps, capital and the value of
the land devoted to them, but it is principally
labor; and I suppose there will be no differ-
ence of opinion as to the proposition that it is
not proper or desirable to tax labor itself.
I am, therefore, opposed to this amend-
ment on general principles, also for additional
reasons growing out of the particular state of
things at this time. Sugar is a product of a
very limited section of our country, and it has
certainly been m that condition for years past
that it needs encouragement rather than any-
thing that would repress its cultivation. Dur-
ing the last year many of the sugar plantations,
which are now very limited in extent, were in-
undated, and everything upon their surface
perhaps destroyed. Previous to that, as the
result of the war many of the buildings, sugar
mills as they call them, and other things that
are necessary in order to the production of
sugar, were destroyed; and I learn from a
source which I believe is reliable that this year
they were entirely out of what they call seed,
and they had to import from Cuba what was
used.
Such has been the operation of the recent
affairs in our country, and particularly in that
section of it, that the business is depressed, the
cultivation is depressed, and if taking off this
tax should aid them in their competition with
foreign sugars or aid them at all in building up
this interest, I think the case comes within the
principle advocated by all those persons who
have professed to be in favor of the protection
of domestic industry.
I am, therefore, against this amendment on
the general principle that this is a mere pro-
duction of the earth, no more entitled to be
called a manufacture than wheat is after it is
threshed, and on the other principle that it is a
product of a portion of our country which is
suffering, and that it is a branch of business
that has suffered very extensively and in which
a great outlay pf capital must be had before
our people can again engage in its production
to any extent. I trust the amendment will not
be adopted.
Mr. GRIMES. I would not say anything
on this subject but for the fear that an argu-
ment which I have sometimes used here my-
self against the taxation of agricultural prod-
ucts shall get into bad company and shall be
used hereafter in a manner which will not be
very satisfactory to those of us who have used
it heretofore. It occurs to methat there is no
analogy whatever between the case which the
Senator from West Virginia has put and the
case now under consideration, In all the cases
we have hitherto considered, where this argu-
ment was used, there has been no protection
of the agricultural product. We may have
had upon the statute-book some provision pro
tecting the product against importation from
abroad, but there really was no importation,
and the statute did not take effect. But in
this instance, while sugar in New York is only
worth in bond four and a half cents a pound,
it is protected by a duty to the extent of three
cents a pound. Now is it possible that it can-
not afford to pay a small tax when we furnish
it as large a protection as that, nearly seventy-
five per cent? Then I think the Senator from
West Virginia is a little mistaken in saying
that this is the only product of the earth that
we propose to tax. I suppose that tobacco is
a production of the earth.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. If I said that, I did
40th CoNff. 2d Sess.—No. 125.
not mean to say it; but I do not recollect that
I did say it. I was probably misunderstood.
The PRESIDEN V pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the amendment made a3 in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. CONNESS. Now I move to amend
the amendment by striking out the words "on
turpentine, 011 coffee, roasted or ground, and
articles intended as substitutes for coffee,
spices, and mustard, on refined sugars, and on
the products of sugar refineries."
Mr. ANTHONY. Why not strike out the
whole clause?
Mr. CONKLING-. How does that leave
the bill ? Substantially as it came from the
House?
Mr. CONNESS. It leaves in the section
the words "on sugar candy and confection-
ery, and on diamonds, emeralds, precious
stones, and imitations thereof, and on all jew-
elry."
Now, Mr. President, I wish simply to say,
in advocacy of this amendment, a word touch-
ing what was said by the Senator from Ver-
mont, who is not now in his seat, [Mr. Mor-
rill.] When he was on the floor in the discus-
sion of the other amendment he stated that
in his opinion there would be a deficit of
$40,000,000 in the revenue if that amendment
prevailed and should be finally carried. It
will be remembered that this whole clause is
new matter introduced by the Finance Com-
mittee in their report; and those who will
remember the report made in the House of
Representatives—I trust I shall not be consid-
ered out of order in referring to that in this
connection—will remember that the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Meansreported
the bill to that body without the clause now
presented to the Senate ; and in his report he
stated that there was, in his opinion, and in the
opinion of that committee, a very considerable
margin yet reserved ; and that the revenues, ill
their opinion—indeed, there was a resolution
of the House passed expressing that opinion—
could abundantly afford the loss to be caused
to the revenue by the adoption of the bill as
they passed it.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend must certainly
be mistaken. He does not want to quote a
colleague of mine in the other House incor-
rectly. On the other hand, the chairman of
the  Committee of Ways and Means said ex-
pressly that they would provide for a deficiency
by an increased tax on sales. We have their
scheme now before us, showing how they pro-
pose to make up the deficit; so that my friend
from California must be mistaken. The chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means did
not claim that there was a surplus ; but he said
distinctly they would provide for any deficit by
another bill which they were preparing.
Mr. CONNESS. Well, Mr. President, we
have been told by the honorable chairman of
the Committee 011 Finance, who has just taken
his seat, that there was another bill in prepa-
ration. and that it would be introduced and pre-
sented for our action. I hope that we shall
pass this bill as it passed the House of Repre-
sentatives, and pass it at once——
Mr. ANTHONY. Then why not make it so
by striking out the whole of the committee's
amendment?
Mr. CONNESS. I will leave that to some
other Senator. If any Senator should see fit
to move that amendment we can then take a
vote upon it. I move to strike out the words
I have indicated, and upon that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from California, on which the yeas and
nays are demanded.
Mr. CONNESS. Before that call is made I
am asked by Senators to include the entire
words in italics. Will that be in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Of course
tho Senator can modify his amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I will so modify it.
Mr. CONKL1NG. That will leave that
section of the bill just as it came from the
House of Representatives, as I understand?
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. The question will come
up, as a matter of course, on agreeing to the
amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole; and that is the same proposition.
The Senator is just making it in a different
form. He might as well let the question come
up in the ordinary way: shall the Senate con-
cur in the amendment made in committee.
Mr. CONNESS. I am perfectly willing that
the question shall assume that form, if it can
be taken now.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
Mr. POMEROY. There may be other
amendments to be offered to the section, and
you cannot move other amendments if you
agree to the section in the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. It is no matter how the
vote is taken. Therefore let the motion stand
as it is.
The PRESIDENT/;) 0 tempore. There seems
to be a misunderstanding about the section as
amended. The Secretary will report it.
The Secretauy. The words proposed to be
stricken out are:
On turpentine, on coffee, roasted or ground, and
articles intended as substitutes for coffee, spices, and
mustard, on refined sugars, and on the products of
sugar refineries, on sugar candy and confectionery,
and on diamonds, emeralds, precious stones, and
imitations thereof, and on all jewelry.
If these words be stricken out there will
still be a proviso, which was inserted in com-
mittee, at the end of the section, as follows:
■Provided, Thatthe products of petroleum and bitu-
minous substances hereinbefore mentioned, except
illuminating gas, shall, from and after the passage
of this act, be taxed at one half the rates fixed by
the said section ninety-four.
Mr. CONNESS. I adhere to the amend-
ment as I offered it, and I call for the yeas
and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, all I wish to state
is to submit to the Senate the precise amount
of revenue derived from these articles, and
then let each Senator be governed by his own
judgment. On the article of turpentine the
amount yielded is §423,000, and it is collected
without any great trouble from an article in
which there is a substantial monopoly and is
very generally used, so that the tax is fairly
distributed.
The next item is coffee, roasted or ground,
and the adulterations made of various products
and used as a substitute for coffee. These
articles, to the extent that they are used in
place of coffee, destroy our revenue from coffee.
If the whole of this system of adulteration was
stricken out, abolished, and prohibited forever,
it would add very largely to the revenues of
the country ; but I suppose that is impracti-
cable. This tax on the adulterated article of
coffee, mustard, &c., yields us something over
a third of a million dollars. It is collected
with great ease, because it is collected at man-
ufacturing establishments. With regard to
sugar enough has been said already. With
regard to diamonds, emeralds, precious stones,
&e., nearly all that is levied on the cheap
jewelry manufactured in this country, to the
extent of many millions, and yields us alto-
gether about three hundred thousand or four
hundred thousand dollars. The whole amount
stricken out by the Senator from California,
if his amendment prevails, will be about three
million one hundred thousand dollars. I leave
each Senator to judge whether we can afford
to do it. I do not want to add to the argument.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 18 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron. Cattell, Cole,
Colliding, Conness, Davis, Dixon, Ferry, Freling-
huysen, Howe. Johnson. McCreery, Morgan, Nye,
Patterson of Tennessee, Kamsey, Saulsbury, Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, Yickeis, Willey, Wilson, and
Yates—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Chandler, Corbett,
Drake, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fowler, Grimes, Hen-
derson, Iluward, Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Pome-
roy, Ross, Sherman, Tipton,Wade, and Williams—18.
