3010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
have elected to office who we declare shall not
exercise office under your State government
that is complete and full."
I say we have 110 right to say that. We have
a right to say it by constitutional amendment,
but we cannot pass- a constitutional amend-
ment in a bill. We have no power whatever
in point of law—and that point was evaded by
by both my friends in answering what I said
before—we have no power whatever by an act
of Congress to declare that certain persons
shall or shall not hold'office in a State. We
have a right to declare that they shall or shall
not hold office so long as they are to hold or
exercise functions under our law in a govern-
ment which is provisional, but the whole ob-
ject of this bill, as I have said, is to make the
provisional government cease, and to set up
State government complete and entire. My
friend from Oregon answers as to the inconven-
ience, that he does not propose-to have the
military governors continue to exercise the
functions, but to leave the State offices vacant.
What kind of a State government would you
have if the very moment that you declare it a
State government you declare that it shall not
have any Governor, for illustration ? And then
his amendment provides for an absolute dis-
qualification. However, I do not wish to oc-
cupy time. I believe I am understood.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It seems to be
very clear that we do not have any right—at
least I do not see on what ground we have the
right—to fix by enactment here the qualifica-
tions of the officers of a State after it is a State;
but I understood the Senator from Vermont
to suggest some way in which it should be con-
sidered provisional.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; I said, in answer to
the Senator from Indiana,'[Mr. Morton,] that
the difference between what he now maintains
and what he offered yesterday was that while
he provided for the same fact yesterday he pro-
vided that so long as that fact continued the
government should be provisional and the
State should not be set up. There is no way
that I know of to do what the Senator from
New Jersey suggests.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Senator from Indi-
ana, in his amendment, provided exactly what
I have provided. 1 have taken my amendment
from his amendment; but he did also provide
that the person having the next highest num-
ber of votes should fill the office. That has
been omitted, and it has been left for the
Legislature to provide by law for an election.
This will not probably affect any considerable
number of offices in the southern States; but
there are members elected to the Legislatures
and persons elected to other offices there who
are wholly disqualified under the constitutional
amendment. As to our right to do this, I am
astonished to hear gentlemen affirm here that
we, who have passed the reconstruction acts,
have no right to say by legislation that no rebel
shall, take office under these State governments.
Suppose we have provided in the act of March
2, 1867, that no rebel should be inaugurated
under any of these State governments, should
we not have had a perfect right to pass such a
law as that? Where is the constitutional pro-
vision that prevents it? Sir, any constitutional
provision_ that would prevent any enactment
of that kind would prevent the enactment of
the entire reconstruction system, for when you
assume jurisdiction over these States so as to
provide for the reconstruction of their govern-
ments then you assume a jurisdiction that enti-
tles you to provide that they shall be recon-
structed as you prescribe in every respect, and
it is upon that ground that I contend we have
this right.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I thought I had under-
stood the theory of this reconstruction some-
what as held by the majority ; but I guess now
I did not. I thought it was this, that you held
that there were no governments down there
that had legal validity, and that, therefore,
Congress might govern them until the State
governments could be reestablished; and that
when, in any State, the State governmen tshould
be reestablished, then it was a State government
with all the powers possessed by any other State
government. If I am mistaken in that theory
of the majority in this business, I do not under-
stand the subject at all.
Mr. WILLIAMS. You are not mistaken.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then it is a State for
all the purposes and with all the powers that a
State may exist; and certainly one of the pow-
ers of a State government is to say who shall
be qualified and who disqualified to hold office,
to execute the laws, to make the laws of such
a State. When is this to become a State ? That
is the only question ; for when it does become
aState, and becomes clothed with all the powers
of a State, clearly according to your own theory,
as always declared, Congress has no power to
control the eligibility to office. You concede,
then, as soon as it becomes a State government,
with the powers of a State government, all
power over that subiect is with the State.
Then understand under this bill that at a
certain time they are to be State governments
clothed with all the powers of State. That
time is when the Legislature shall meet, not
then a State—a curious thing, not exactly a
provision—provisional, not exactly a State,
but in a queer condition. When that Legisla-
ture shall meet, not the Legislature of a State,
but the Legislature of a provisional govern-
ment, and after that Legislature in that char-
acter, in that position, shali pass an ordinance
ratifying the constitutional amendment, it is to
become  a State ; then it is completely clothed
with the powers of a State. Before it can be
so completely clothed it must do the most
solemn act that under the Constitution of the
United States a State Legislature is ever called
upon to do—amend the Constitution of the
United States. But, passing over all that diffi-
culty, which of course I cannot comprehend,
a difficulty according to your theory, when the
Legislature shall agree to the constitutional
amendment, it is a State ; and right then you
say that before the constitutional amendment
is adopted that regulates this subject, when it
is completely clothed as a State, Congress by
law may declare who may hold office and who
shall not hold office. Is that your theory ? If
so, it is a very singular theory.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to answer
before the Senator takes his seat. The State
is not complete and is not a State at the time
of the inauguration of State officers. That is
a preliminary step to the final organization of
the State. Then, at the time of the inaugura-
tion of the State officers it is ciearly_ under the
control of Congress as much so as it is now.
These are steps to the final consummation;
and the character of the State is not put on
until all of the conditions have been complied
with, the last one of which is the ratification
of the fourteenth article of amendment. It is
clearly within the control of Congress up to
that time, and then when the fourteenth article
becomes a part of the Constitution the thing
is taken from the control of the State as well
as from Congress, so far as the provisions of
that article are concerned. It is a part, then,
of the supreme law of the land that these
parties shall not be qualified.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Now, Mr. President, I
think I understand it. It is admirable! Sup-
pose that on Monday the Legislature meets;
on Monday the officers are inaugurated. Well,
it is queer; I do not know what they are officers
of. I expect they are officers ot Congress,
because it is not a State, yet. But the Gov-
ernor is not eligible under the fourteenth arti-
cle of the Constitution, and therefore he is not
inaugurated, and the thing swings along without
a Governor. On Tuesday that Legislature rati-
fies the constitutional amendment. It is then
a complete State, and has the control of this
subject. On Tuesday evening diat Governor is
inaugurated, because the constitutional amend-
ment not being adopted and the law of Con-
gress having gone right up to that time and then
ceased to be a law on this subject, he i? inau-
gurated. It is a complete State then, and has
a Governor who is inaugurated because, as a
State, the State controls the subject. Then
you may go on a few days more, and the con-
stitutional amendment being ratified by enough
States that man goes out.
Mr. -MORTON. That is the difficulty we
intend to prevent.
Mr. HENDEICKS. I guess we have the
history of it now. But there is a time when
he will come in and be inaugurated.
Mr. MORTON. If we relieve him, he will.
Mr. HENDRICKS. He will be inaugurated
whether you relieve him or not. That relieve
ing business is going to be a very beautiful one.
I should not like to be a part of the majority
to be connected with any such transaction, that
men whose hands, as you have said here tfo
often, are dripping with the blood of northern
people, whose skirts are stained with northern
blood, arc to be restored to political rights
because of their party affiliations. I hope that
the Democratic party, of which I am proud to
be a member, will never be brought to the test
of any such work. Let men be restored to
their citizenship, if restoration be necessary,
because as citizens they are worthy, notbecause
they worship at a particular party altar, but
because they are true to the country as shown
by their conduct.
But I do not intend to go off and discuss that
matter. I am merely getting at the particular
time when a man shall be put into office, and
then when he shall be put out. According to
the Senator from Oregon he shall not be inau-
gurated on Monday; but if that Legislature on
Tuesday shall ratify the constitutional amend-
ment he shall be inaugurated on Tuesday.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is not my position
at all.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No: it is my colleague's
position. The Senator from Oregon, I believe,
asks, who is afraid? It is very clear he is not
afraid. That has been demonstrated by two
or three years' experience. I do not believe
that even the thunders that come over the
Rocky mountains produce any consternation
in his mind on this subject—not the slightest.
I will tell you just where I am afraid. When
I come to a point where I cannot go any fur-
ther without violating the Constitution of the
United States, I acknowledge my fear, and it
is no impeachment of my manhood to acknowl-
edge it. When a State government is organ-
ized, I do not believe any act of Congress can
control the eligibility of its officers. I do not
believe that under the Constitution that can
be done. Therefore, I do not believe in your
provision, and shall not vote for it. There is
a day or two just before the constitutional
amendment shall be ratified by the Legisla-
ture, that the theory of reconstruction will allow
this measure: but just as soon as the Legisla-
ture ratifies tlie constitutional amendment your
theory defeats it. Your theory is, that then it
is a State to regulate the subject of eligibility
according to its own pleasure, for that time and
this, until the constitutional amendment is rati-
fied by twenty-seven States; that the whole
subject is regulated by the constitution of the
particular State, and not at all by an act of
Congress.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I have not
the slightest difficulty on this subject. I do
not see any difficulty in it. We have under-
taken to reorganize these States, so as to bring
them in harmony with the Government of the
United States upon the theory that they and
their people were at war with the United States
and have been subdued. We have endeavored
to select such people as would act in harmony
with the Government of the United States.
If we are right in that, and to this point I call
the attention of my friend from Vermont 
Mr. HENDRICKS. Come here, and I will
give you mine.
Mr. STEWART. That is valuable, but it
may not be as sharp. I want the attention of
my friend from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You shall have it.
