1986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cragiu, Doolittlo, Har-
lan, Hendricks, Morriti of Maine, Morton, Patterson
of Now Hampshire, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, and
Thayov—12.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. POMEIIOY. Now I move to strike
out the proviso that we adopted in Committee
of the Whole.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the proviso to the
first section, which will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Provided, That the products of petroleum and bitu-
minous substances hereinbefore mentioned, oxccpt
illuminating gas, shall, from and after tho passage of
this act, be taxed at one lialf the ratea fixed by tho
said section ninety-four.
Mr. SHERMAN. The question now comes
up on the amendment adopted in committee
as to whether we shall throw off $2,500,000
more revenue from the internal tax derived
under section ninety-four. The question is
whether, in addition to the large amount of
taxes repealed by the House of Representatives,
and in the face of the figures that have been
presented, we are willing to go still further in
the redaction of taxes. I have no more re-
sponsibility in regard to this matter than any
other Senator. Each Senator is bound to judge
for himself. My people will be more relieved
by the repeal ot this tax than the constituents
of most Senators; but the question is whether,
under the great responsibility that rests upon
us, we are prepared to repeal, not only the
forty-odd millions of taxes embraced in this bill,
but to go beyond it and repeal two and a half
millions more.
Mr. CONNESS. I understand the Senator
that the House of Representatives included
this as an item of taxation.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 know that; and the
Senate has stricken it out, has relieved it from
tax. Now, Mr. President, there is not a single
article of those upon which we have just acted
that will not bear the tax imposed upon it
without the slightest complaint. There is no
complaint made from any portion of the peo-
ple who consume these articles. There is no
demand made by any man that consumes any
of the various articles stricken from this list
of taxes. The only complaint comcs from the
persons who manufacture. On account of the
tightness of the times or the competition among
themselves, they find their business a little
hard, and endanger the financial condition of
the country bv seeking relief from temporary
taxation. I do not wish to debate that over
again.
Now, the proposition is to relieve another in-
terest. I wish to state a simple fact and present
some plain figures. Petroleum now furnishes
the cheapest light in the world. I have a table
before me showing that crude petroleum was
selling in tho city of New York on the 1st of
December at from sixteen to sixteen and a half
cents a gallon, and that the refined article was
selling at from twenty-three to twenty-six cents
a gallon, so that it is the cheapest article in the
world free from the tax. Now, the question
is, whether we shall relieve this interest from
the small tax 
Mr. VAN WINKLE. What was the price
of the refined petroleum?
Mr. SHERMAN. From twenty-three to
twenty-six cents free from tax, in bond. Now
there is a tax upon it; so that even with the
tax, it is the cheapest light in the world. Noth-
ing can come in competition with it. Form-
erly, the articles that came in competition with
it, sold at from a dollar to a dollar and a half
a gallon.
However, if the Senate think we are now so
rich and prosperous and happy that wo can get
along without these revenues, they will vote to
retain this proviso. The most joyous thing I
have heard to-day, and which gave me mote
satisfaction than anything else, was the promise
of my Iriend from Maryland [Mr. Johnson]
that hereafter we will all embark in the boat of
,reti-ehchment and economy; everybody isgoing
to resisfappropriations ; all schemes and pro-
jects for expending money are to be hereafter
defeated; all appropriations are to be cut down ;
we are all to be economical and spend no more
money. That is all very well, if we carry out
our resolutions. We shall then be able to get
along without these taxes. I have no doubt
that we should be able to pay all the expenses
of the Government if Congress would delib-
erately cut away at appropriations and expendi-
tures as cheerfully as they do at taxes. Taxes
are unpleasant things, and it is so nice to repeal
them. Appropriations are very pleasant, and
it is so nice to make them. These two ten-
dencies in the human mind do not go well to-
gether. They make what my friend from Ver-
mont seems to be alarmed at—a deficit. There
is one healthy result from a deficit should it
occur, and that is the one stated by the Senator
from New York; and I am partly reconciled
with him to face a deficit, in tho hope that it
may check expenditures, because I believe
nothing else will.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I feel myself called
upon to say a few words in addition to what I
said the other day on this subject, and perhaps
to repeat some of the things 1 then said. The
turn affairshave now taken renders it necessary.
On the former occasion of which I have
spoken I called this an invidious tax. I am
confirmed in that opinion by what has occurred
since. Here is an article which costs to pro-
duce eighteen cents, on which there is levied a
tax of twenty cents. Let me say to the Sen-
ator from Ohio, in reply to the statistics he
read as to the prices in New York in Decem-
ber last, that there was a little flurry in the oil
market in New York at that time, and tho
prices were higher then than they had been for
a great ifrhile before or have been since. The
average sales at Philadelphia, which is the
great oil market, have been for refined oil
thirty-eight cents, duty paid, and the duty is
twenty cents per gallon. Hero is a tax, then,
of considerably upwards of one hundred per
cent, laid upon an article for no other reason
which has been stated as yet than that it will
bear it.
There has been no reply to my charge that it
was an invidious tax, and there will be no
reply I suppose. I say, again, it is an inequit-
able tax. No attention whatever is paid to
that by gentlemen who oppose this reduction.
They do not consider for a moment their moral
right—they are clothed with the legal power
perhaps, but they do not consider for a moment
their moral right to levy any such tax upefti an
article of this kind. Sir, if yon want to have
your people contented, if you want to satisfy
everybody in the country, arrange your taxes,
when you must tax, so as to leave no feeling
of injustice on the part of any particular
industry. I ask gentlemen to examine this
whole list of taxes, those that are about to be
removed as well as those that continue on, and
to say if there is a tax upon another article
besides whisky, which is akin at all to this tax
upon petroleum.
This oil, when it is pumped from the earth,
can be bought at the wells for about two dol-
lars a barrel, and the tax on a barrel of refined
oil is nine dollars. As I stated the other day,
it is four hundred and fifty per cent, of the
original cost. It goes, it is true, through the
process of refining ; it is fitted for use, and so
has an additional value. And yet, sir, when
you have paid for that, when you have brought
it into a state ready for use, you are then met
with a tax of upward of one hundred per cent,
upon it. I have only asked in the amendment
that has been adopted in committee to have
this tax reduced one half. I think I have been
moderate in that. I almost blame myself that
I did not insist upon having the whole taken
off. But, sir, X was willing to show some sense
of justice in relation to it, and having asked
for the half, I trust that that at least may be
given me as a poor boon.
Mr. SHEPoMAN, The Senator can change
his motion.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope -the Senator will
change his motion. We have got to keep up
all this machinery and all these officers for col-
lecting one half of it.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Certainly, and that
itself is a tax. They are now preparing to
levy a tax of twenty-five cents a barrel on this
article when it is exported. It seems to find
no mercy anywhere ; but it did tho other day
with a majority of the Senate, and I trust they
will still be merciful.
Mr. President, I have heard a great deal of
talk hero that we are going to fall short in the
revenue. As I said the other day, I have been
hearing that cry for several years past; and
yet the Secretary of the Treasury has in a few
years managed to get ont of these taxes some
three hundred million dollars or more, and to
pay that much upon the national debt, where,
as I have heretofore observed, there was no
occasion whatever to pay it. I do not suppose
such a thing was ever heard of as that one
tenth of the whole debt as it stood at the end
of the war should be paid within three years
by taxing the people in order to do it. 1 saw
the calculations that have been presented here.
1 helped in compiling them, i took them into
consideration, and when I returned in the
morning I said I was satisfied there would be
revenue enough. It then appeared that we
were some fourteen or fifteen million dollars
short. That was my conclusion. It is all a
matter of opinion, after all. Gentlemen who
are used to dealing in statistics seem to think
that statistics are to decide everything.
Bat, sir, statistics are never anything more
than an approximation, and it is a matter upon
which gentlemen can exercise their own judg-
ments. I put it as a plain proposition, if du-
ring the last four or five years the actual result
has been that the taxes always exceeded the
estimates and always exceeded the calcula-
tions, is it not reasonable to suppose that they
will again exceed these estimates? It is more
than probable. What has been the situation
of the country during the past year? There
was at least a great disappointment in the
wheat crop, and there were some other things
which fell short. Money got to be immensely
scarce in the West; and in that way consump-
tion was discouraged, and was not as great as
I presume it had been in former years. Have
we any reason to expect that same thing now?
We have had a short wheat crop, I believe, for
two years, and we may well expect that the
third one will be better. That is the great
moving lever, perhaps, of the whole country ;
and if it is so we certainly have a right to ex-
pect that the same objects taxed during the
the year that is past, if they are taxed again,
will produce a greater revenue.
Mr. President, I stated that this, like the
sugar interest in Louisiana, is an isolated
interest. The production of oil covers a small
territory. Parts of three States alone produce
it in any quantity. It is a business of recent
growth, it was only in 1860, I think, that it
was discovered that this article could be drawn
from the bowels of the earth in quantities suf-
ficient for commercial purposes. Then imme-
diately came the war. The business was dis-
couraged after the first run of speculation
subsided, and there was a hard time for three
years, as I know. Then the business again
improved, and when it had got up to be a very
fair paying business, and was subsiding from
the speculative character it had maintained at
first into a regular business, then came these
awfully low piices. The article depreciated,
for what reason I cannot say, unless over-pi o-
duction had something to do with it. It has
uniformly kept this low price until about the
time that the gentleman mentioned in his sta-
tistics, in December last, when there was a
flurry in the oil market and it went up for a
little while.
Gentlemen who are familiar with it can sus-
tain mo in my statement. And now, when
this business is depressed, when the very figures
read by the chairman of the committee show
that it did not yield as much during the last
fiscal year as it did during the previous year,
when there was a failing off, perhaps, of ten
