4034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
said amendment insert the words "two hundred and
seventy-fiveand the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the tenth amendment of the iSenate and agree to the
same, with an amendment, as follows: strike out of
said Senate amendment the words " and eight;" and
the Sena Ce agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twelfth amendment of the Senate and agree to
the same, with the following verbal amendment:
strike out of said amendment the woid " Califor-
nia," where it occurs, and insert the word " Califor-
nia"' after the word "vicinity."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the thirteenth amendment of thoSenate, and agreo
to the same, with the following amendments: strike
out the word "two" in line one of said amendment
and insert in lieu thereof the word " one;" and strike
"s"from the word "tenders" in line two; and in
line three of said amendment strike out the word
"eighty" and insert the word "forty;" andtheSen-
ate agreo to the same.
That the House rccede from their disagreement to
the sixteenth amendment of the Senate and agree to
the same, with an amendment, as follows: strike out
of said amendment the word "fifty" and insert in
lieu thereof tho words "twenty-five;" and the Sen-
ate agree to the same,
That tho House recede from their disagreement to
the seventeenth amendmentof tho Senate and agreo
to the same, with the following amendment: in lieu
of the words stricken out by said amendment insert
the following: "Five of the six steam revenue-cut-
ters stationed upon the northern and northwestern
lakes and their tributaries shall be laid up, and that
110 more ot the money appropriated by this aetshnll
be paid on their account than so much as may be
necessary for their safe and propercaro and keeping,
and that;" «tnd the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-third amendment of the Senate and agreo
to the same, with an amendment, as follows: strike
out of said amendment the words "seventy-live"
and insert in lieu thereof the word "fifty;" and the
Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-fourth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same, with an amendment, as follows:
at tho end ot said amendment add the following:
"Provided, That said building, when completed, shall
cost not more than S100.000;" and the Senate agree
to the same.
Tliat the House recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-eighth amendment of tho Senate, and
agree to the same, with an amendment, as follows:
at the end of said amendment add the following:
"Provided, That the Mint of tho United States and
branches shall continue to refine gold andsilver bul-
lion, and ao contract to exchange crude or imported
bullion for refined bars shall be made until author-
ized by law;" and the Senate agreo to the sarno.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-ninth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows:
stukeoutof said amendment the words "five thou-
sand" and insert in lieu thereof the words "twenty-
five hundred;'' and at the end of said amendment
add the following words: "to be expended under the
direction of the Commissioner of the (ieneral Land
Olliooand the Senate agree to tho same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the House to the thirty-first
amendmont of the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the House recedo from their disagreement to
the forty-third amendment of tho Senate and agree
to tho same, with the following amendment: strike
out of said amendment tho word "live; "and the
Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the forty-fourth amendment of the Senate and agreo
to the same with an amendment, as follows; strike
out of said amendment the word "five," and insert
in lieu thereof the word " twenty; " and the Senate
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagroemeut to
the forty-filth amendment of the Senate and agree
to the same, with an amendment as follows: strike
out of said amendment the word " twenty;" aud in
lieu thereof insert the word " ten."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifty-first amendment of the Senate and agree to
the same, with an amendment as follows: at the end
of said Senate amendment add the following: "to
pay William H. West for services rendered in taking
care of and keeping safely the bonds held in trust
by the Secretary of the Treasuryforthe benefit of tho
Smithsonian Institution from March 1,1850, to July
1, 1S63, §2,500. to bo paid out of the Smithsonian
fund audtho Senate agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the House to tho sixty-second
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixty-third amendmentof tho Senate, and agree
to the same, with amendments as follows: strike out
all of said amendment after the word " office," m
line seven, and insert in lieu thereof the following :
"Provided, Thatall the moneysstanding to the credit
of the " Patent Fund' or in the hands of the Commis-
sioner of Patents, and all moneys hereafter received
at the Patent Office for any purpose or from any
source whatever, shall be paid into the Treasury as
received, without any leduction whatever, and tho
.*um of $250,000 is hereby appropriated for salaries
and miscellaneous and contingent expenses of the
Patent Office and for withdrawals and for moneys
paid by mistake, to be disbursed under tho direction
of tho Secretary of the Interior; and it shall be the
dulyof the Commissioner of Patents to communicate
to Congiess at the commencement of every Decem-
ber session a full and detailed account of moneys
received for duties on patents, and for copies of
records, and drawings, and all othermoneysreceived
by virtue of said office, and of all moneys expended
by him under and by virtue of this provision for said
contingent and miscellaneous expenses and for sal-
aries, and the names of persons to whomsuch salaries
are paid and tho amounts thereof paid to each."
That the Iloutso recede from their disagreement to
the sixty-seventh amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same, with an amendment, as follows:
at the end of said amendment add the following:
" Provided, Thatoo part of this property shall be sold
or transferred without tho consent of the United
States first had and received."
L. M. MORRILL,
J. IIARLAN,
C. COLE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
15. B. WASIIBURNE,
15. K. BUTLER,
J. B. BECK,
Manaaers on the part of the House.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I perhaps ought
to make a statement in regard to two or three
points of this report, which provide matters of
legislation outside of an appropriation, which
I should like the Senate to understand so that
hereafter it may not be said that they were
taken by surprise. As a general thing I am
opposed to legislating on these appropriation
bills, and I should be very glad for the relief
of the committee if the rule of the Senate was
the same as that of the House of Representatives
that no matter of legislation should be put
upon these bills; but it is otherwise, and the
practice is otherwise. What I want to call the
attention of the Senate to, and particularly of
the Committee 011 Finance, is the first amend-
ment, which is in the appropriation for the ne-
cessary expenses of carrying into effect several
acts of Congress authorizing loans. The Sen-
ate agreed to appropriate $1,500,000. The
conference committee agreed to a reduction
of $250,000 upon the ground that there has
been so much reduction in the expenditures
under the tax bill that possibly that may be
sufficient; but we have agreed to that with an
amendment relative to the printing in that
department which is now very large. We
have no means of estimating it; it is not so
large of course as the printing establishment
proper, but it has grown to very large dimen-
sions ; in that establishment a great deal of
printing for all the Departments and all the
bureaus, of a character over which Congress
has not the slightest control, is done ; and the
cost of it of course we have no information
about, and the expense of which it is impossi-
ble for us to tell. This is a proposition that
all the letter-press printing and binding for the
Departments and bureaus hereafter shall be
done at the general printing establishment of
the Government, except in relation to the bind-
ing of the registered bonds and blank books that
are peculiar to this department and bureau, and
which may more appropriately be done there.
That is one point. Another is in regard to
the mints. It may have been noticed that
there is a provision in one of the amendments
that the refining of gold shall continue to be
done in the Mint and branch mints in the
country, and that no contract shall be made by
the Secretary of the Treasury to the contrary 5
that is, he shall be authorized to make no con-
tract by which the refining shall cease to be
done in the mints. I may be permitted to
remark, perhaps, that yesterday a bill passed
the House of Representatives repealing the
laws on the subject of refining in the Mint
and branch mints of this country. The law
stands in this wise: in 1853 an act was passed
authorizing the director of the Mint at Phila-
delphia, whenever a private establishment was
capable of doing the refining then being done
at the Mint, to cease refining at the Mint.
In 18G1 this provision was extended to all
branch mints, so that it came to be regarded
as the settled policy of the Government that it
was not worth while for the Government to do
the refining in the Mint and branch mints,
provided it could be done by private estab-
lishments. The Committee on Appropriations
were not very well informed on this subject,
but it seems to have been the policy since 1853
to discountenance the refining of bullion in the
public establishments of the Government, for
what reason I do not know j probably it was
thought that it would be done to better advan-
tage in private establishments. Now, upon
an apprehension that there was some contract
about to be made on the Pacific coast, which
was prejudicial to the general policy of the
Government and the general interests of the
miners particularly, a bill paessd the House
of Representatives such as I have referred to ;
and this proposition in this bill is made in acme
sense to meet what are supposed to be the
reasonable expectations or demand's on the
part of the House who passed that bill. As it
now stands, it will be seen that the laws on
this subject remain as heretofore; but the
Secretary of the Treasury is prohibited fro in
making any contract for refining. Whether
he ever had that power I do not know; or
whether he ever undertook to exercise that
power I do not know. I suppose that the
policy that has existed since 1853 will continue
to exist under these statutes, so that where at
any mint or branch mint it is found that a
private establishment is refining under circum-
stances more favorable to the Government
than it could be done by the Government, still
that policy would be pursued. That is ail
there is of that.
Then we make a changc in regard to the
Patent Office fund, which is a radical change
and which the Senate ought to understand.
This provision provides that the Patent Office
fund so called, a fund arising from established
fees in that department, shall be covered into
the Treasury ot the United States. That is
the amount of that. I understand the fund to
be about a quarter of a million dollars ; and
all the funds which shall arise from fees in
that establishment hereafter are to be paid into
the Treasury of the United States, and
$250,000 is appropriated out of the Treasury
for the payment of the current expenses of the
establishment. This branch of the service is
entirely, I may say, conducted at the discre-
tion of the Commissioner of Patents. I do
not know that there are any complaints against
thd Commissioner of Patents now, or that th#*re
have been heretofore of any abuses. But it is
a very extraordinary exercise of discretion to
be deposited in any Department or bureau of
the Government. This establishment, from
very small beginnings, beginning, I think, with
a Commissioner and two or three clerks, has
now grown up so that the expenditure the iast
year was between six and seven hundred thou-
sand dollars, all collected and disbursed
entirely in the discretion of the Commissioner.
He receives it all and disburses and expends
it all, with no oversight or supervision from
any quarter, not even under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior. But then 1 say,
in justice to the present incumbent and his
predecessors, that I know of no complaint.
Still this fund has grown to such dimensions
and the discretion is so very great that, in
justice to the officer himself and the depart-
ment itself, it would seem that the money as
it arises should go into the Treasury of the
United States and be paid out under such lim-
itations and conditions as apply to other funds.
As this is so radical a change and upon an
appropriation bill, I thought it my duty to stale
thus much to the Senate that hereafter it shall
not be said that they were taken by surprise.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to ask the Senator
a question as to the construction to be placed
on one of these amendments. Iam not familiar
with the technical language in which these pro-
visions have been made; but the first proviso
added is " that all necessary letter-press print-
ing and book binding in all the Departments
and bureaus shall be done and executed at the
Government Printing Office and not elsewhere,
except registered bonds and written records
may be bound, as heretofore, at the Depart-
ment." That applies to all printing except
that connected with money. The tax law now
under consideration contemplates the possi-
bility of new stamps which are really in the
nature of Government bills, being printed at
the Treasury Department for safety. I ask
whether this would prevent that?
