602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
458\ for the relief of the estate of Isaac Phil- |
lips, deceased, who was a private in the revolu- j
tionarv war: which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions and of the War of 1812.
RErOllT OF MAJOR GENERAL THOMAS.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that five thousand
extra copies of the report of Major General
George li. Thomas be ordered to be printed.
The motion, under the law, was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
DEFICIENCIES FOR INTERIOR DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a draft
of the appropriations required by that Depart-
ment to supply deficiencies for the present
fiscal year; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
HARBORS OF OSWEGO AND SALMON RIVER.
Mr. CHURCHILL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to furnish to this House any information in the pos-
session of the War Department concerning the con-
dition and requirements of the harbors of Oswego and
Salmon river, nn Lake Ontario, received since the
date of the lru?t annual report of the Secretary of War. .
OPELOUSAS RAILROAD. j
Mr. BAXKS, by unanimous consent, pre- i
seined the memorial of the Legislature of Lou- j
isiana in reference to continuing the grant of
lands to the Opelousas railroad; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lan<ls.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider all the votes just taken ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RECONSTRUCTION AGAIN.
Mr. ROSS obtained the floor.
Mr. KERR. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to yield to me to move to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. That will not give the
gentleman the floor on Monday, as, according
to agreement, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] is to have the floor after the morn-
ing hour to call the previous question.
Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I can hardly hope
to be able to reverse the determination of the
majority of this House to press to its passage
the bill now pending before the House. I can-
not hope, sir, to turn theRepublican party from
its course in reference to this important and
most momentous question. It is a measure
which, in my judgment, was concocted in the
same spirit which breathed the breath of life
into the miscalled Reconstruction Committee. ,
No more important or momentous question has
ever claimed the attention of a deliberative j
body than the one now pending before this Con- 1
gress. I ask, therefore, the calm and dispas- \
sionate consideration of the House to this im- i
portant, this revolutionary, this most dangerous j
proposition. ij
It provides, sir, in the first section that there jj
are no civil governments republican in form in ;
the southern States. The questions which nat- [
urally present themselves for the consideration ;
of this House are, first, the legality and consti-
tutionality of this measure which it is proposed
to pass into a law; and, secondly, the expedi-
ency and propriety, if unconstitu tional, of taking
from the Supreme Court its lawful rights and
powers. I claim that we have no power under
the Constitution to pass this bill, and that if we
had such a power it is inexpedient to do so.
Why have we no State governments in the
southern States which are republican in form?
Sir, these State governments substantially as
they exist at the present time are the same
State governments which were passed upon by
Washington, Madison, Jefferson, and the early
Congresses which acted on these questions.
In what respect I ask gentlemen do they differ
from those constitutions that were adopted by
the early fathers of the Republic? They differ
in this: that they are so modified as to have
abolished slavery, provided that the national
debt shall be paid, and that the confederate
debt shall not be paid. Now, I submit whether
these changes in the fundamental laws con-
stitute these governments anti-republican in
form ? That is the theory which the gentlemen
take. These modifications iu the fundamental
law have all been made since the adoption of
the early constitutions. With these excep-
tions they remain exactly or essentially as they
were established by the early fathers.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr]
argued with great force yesterday that the fact
that these State governments had been reor-
ganized by the President was sufficient. But
this position is controverted by the gentleman
from Massachusetts and others, who assert
that they must be recognized by the Congress
of the United States in order to be valid. Sir,
Congress did recognize the validity of those
State governments since they abolished the
institution of slavery—not, to be sure, to their
full extent; but in some degree at least, even
during the period of the war. I call the atten-
tion of gentlemen to the fact that this recogni-
tion has been made by the party in power
during the continuance of the war.
One instance of the recognition of Congress
was when it distributed taxation among the
different States of the Union. That was an
act of the present party in power.
Again, in 1862 the Republican Congress by
the passage of a bill, approved by Abraham
Lincoln, determined that they were entitled
to representation in the national Congress by
awarding a certain number of Representatives
to each one of these States.
Again, those States were recognized as such
by President Lincoln when his Secretary of
State enunciated to foreign Governments that
it was a mere rebellion in this country, and
that, the seats of the southern members were
waiting their return to be reoccupied by them.
Again, at a later period the principle was
recognized when a bill was passed dividing
those States up into judicial circuits and the
Supreme Court recognized them by assigning
judges to those circuits.
Again, the legality of those State govern-
ments was recognized by the party in power
in permitting their Representatives to remain
long after the acts of secession had been passed.
The present President of the United States
continued to occupy his seat in the Senate of
the United States long after the act of seces-
sion had been passed by the State of Tennessee.
But the main argument on which the gentle-
men rely for their authority to pass this meas-
ure is that they are authorized under the Con-
stitution to guaranty to each State a constitu-
tion republican in form. Sir, there is a differ-
ence between guarantying a government repub-
lican in form and overthrowing and obliterating
civil government. I take it that the authority
to guaranty republican governments in form
does not justify the Congress of the United
States in laying its hand upon governments
which have been in existence and have been
recognized by the national authority as such,
wiping them out and instituting in their place
governments of a despotic, arbitrary, military
character.
I understand these southern States now have
Governors, Legislatures, courts of justice, and
all the machinery appertaining to ordinary civil
governments. What does this bill propose to
do V It proposes to strike down, under the au-
thority to guaranty republican governments,
these State governments and to erect upon their
ruins a military rule more despotic than was
ever fastened upon a fre« people. I submit
whether a government is republican in form
where tiio people have not the right to choose
their own representatives and their own rulers.
I regard no government as republican in form
where the Constitution of the country is tram pled
down and there is placed in the hands of a single
individual the power to turn out civil officers
and fill their places at will. This bill does ex-
actly that thing. It authorizes General Grant
to turn out every civil officer in the ten southern
States and to fill their places with persons not
elected by the people. Tell me that this is
guarantying to the people a republican form of
government!
But, sir, to show that this measure is recog-
nized by its authors as illegal, unconstitutional,
and revolutionary, they have provided that the
governments of these ten States " shall not be
recognized as valid or legal State governments
either by the executive or the judicial power of
the United States." Why was this provision
put in and why was the Supreme Court of the
United States muzzled? Sir, it was because
these gentlemen knew full well that this law
could not stand the scrutinizing test of judicial
investigation. Full well did they know that
they were trampling upon the Constitution of
the country. If I understand the Constitution
the Supreme Court was expressly organized for
the purpose of passing upon these constitu-
tional questions. By act of Congress, if this
bill becomes a law, you strike down that de-
partment of the Government; you determine
that one of the very questions which, under
our form of Government, is left to be deter-
mined by the judicial power of the country
shall not be thus determined. Sir, the effect,
if not the purpose, of this bill is to take from
the executive and judicial departments the
powers that properly appertain to them and
absorb them by the Congress of the United
States.
Gentlemen were not satisfied with the extra-
ordinary and revolutionary measure which was
passed through here a day or two since in hot
haste and without discussion, providing what
had never been done in our Government be-
fore, that it shall require six judges to over-
rule the action of Congress, while three shall
be sufficient to sustain the action of Congress.
I submit to the House and the country whether
this does not show that this Congress is now
trampling upon that sacred instrument, the
Constitution, and that it is its deliberate pur-
pose to break down the barriers of the Consti-
tution and overthrow and destroy the Govern-
ment under which we live ? I do not think the
action of Congress within the last few years
has ever afforded prima facic evidence that its
acts were constitutional, and yet those acts
may be sustained and declared to be the law
of the land by three judges while all the other
members of the court may be against it. This
is the law which you have passed. Why, Mr.
Speaker, did you lay your vandal hands upon
one of the noblest departments of the Govern-
ment? Who are these judges that you are
making war upon? Five of the eight judges,
if my memory serves me right, were appointees
of Abraham Lincoln, and are of the party to
which you belong. Sir, they happen to be
honest men; they happen to be men who rise
above party strife and party spirit, feeling the
weight of the responsibility resting upon them ;
they will give decisions in accordance with the
Constitution as it was made by our fathers and
has been interpreted by the judiciary of the
country. Why this distrust of the Supreme
Court? Sir, these gentlemen may well dis-
trust the Supreme Court. They have turned
their backs upon the principles which brought
them into power by repudiating the platform
that was adopted at Chicago and repudiating
the resolution which has been read in relation
to the objects and purposes for which the war
was to be prosecuted.
What more have they done? Why, sir, in
the first place, in order to get control of the
Supreme Court of the United States, they pro-
vided that the number of judges should bo
increased, I think, to ten. When they had
fallen out with their President and were up-
willing to let him make further appointments
of judges, they provided that no further ap-
pointments should be made until the number
was reduced to seven,'thereby attempting to
use the Supreme Court of the United States
as an instrument for party purposes and party
ends. The court is not willing to be so used.
It is too noble, too elevated; it lives in a higher
