1868.]
APPENDIX T@ THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40tii Cons....2d Sess.
487
Purchase of ^Alaska—Mr. Williams.
Ho. oi? Reps.
the stipulation import a contract where either of the
parties engages to perform a particular act, the treaty
addresses itselt to the political andnot to the judicial
lrtr?°£lh an4.tho Legislature must execute the
contract before it can become a rule of the court"—
which is to say, in effect, (£ before it can become
a law."
I he same doctrine is held in the case of
Jurner vs. the American Baptist Missionary
union, 5 M Clain, 844, where the court holds
the following language:
treaty under the Constitution is declared to be
the supreme law of the land. This unquestionably
applies to all treaties where the treaty-making power,
without the aid of Congress, can carry it into effect,
it is not, however, and cannot be, the supreme law
oi the land, when the concurrence of Congress is
necessary to give it cffoct, Until this power is exer-
cised , as when the appropriation of money is required,
the treaty is not perfect. It is not operative in the
sense ot the Constitution, as money cannot be appro-
priated by the treaty-making power. This results
from the limitations of our Government. The action
oi Bodepartmentot theGovernmentcan be regarded
as law until it shall have all the sanctions required
by the constitution to make it such. As well might
itt be contended that an ordinary act of Congress,
without the signature of the President, was a law as
thaf a treaty which engages to pay a sum of money
is in itself a law. And in such cases the Representa-
tives ot the people of the States exercise their own
judgments m granting or withholding the money.
Ihey act upon their own responsibility, and not on
the responsibility of the treaty-making power. It
cannot bind or control the legislative action in this
respect; and every foreign Government maybe pre-
sumed to know that so far as the treaty stipulates to
pay money the legislative action is required."
And again, in Taylor vs. Martin, 2 Curtis
454, it is remarked by the court that—
" To refuse to execute a treaty for reasons that ap-
prove themselves to theconscientious judgment of the
nation is a matter of the utmost gravity and deli-
cacy; but the power to do so is aprerogative ofwhich
no nation can be deprived without deeply affecting
its independence. That .the people of the United
fetates have deprived their Government of this power
m any case X do not believe. That it must reside
somewhere and be applicable to all eases I am con-
vinced. i^eel no doubt that it belongs to Con-
gress."
But the present ease is distinguishable from
those which have been referred to, and indeed
from all others that have gone before it, in the
important fact that it is not so much a treaty
(;frndvs) as a mere bargain (pactum transito-
rum) for the purchase and cession of a large
territory separated from that of this nation
by the dominions of another Power, and not
in any way connected with, or incidental to the
settlement of any dispute even as to bound-
aries.
Whether a transaction of this sort is to be
regarded in strictness as a treaty, within the
meaning of the terms as used bytheframers
of the Constitution, is a question that does not
seem to have been even mooted in any of the
debates, or by any of the commentators on that
instrument. In my humble judgment it is
not. Provinces and even kingdoms have often
changed hands, we know, as the result of wars,
but so unfrequently as mere subjects of traffic,
that few, if any, even of the publicists, have
condescended to include a negotiation of this
sort in their disquisitions on the general ques-
tion. But this is not all. It is said by Martens
(Lib. 2, pp. 52, 53) that—
" It is only treaties of peace, alliance, commerce,
and others of that sort, which are to be fulfilled re-
spectiveb' only as the occasion presents itself, which
are called treaties in the more particular sense, (Joe-
dura,) in opposition to transitory covenants."
And to the same effect Vattel defines a
treaty, in Latin fiedus, as "a compact made
with a view to the public welfare by thesupreme
power, either for perpetuity, or for a consider-
able time," (Book 2, chap. 12, sec. 152,) dis-
tinguishing in the next following section, the
compacts which have temporary matters for
their object, and are accomplished by a single
act, and not by repeated aets, under the desig-
nation of "agreements, conventions, and pac-
tions." {Ibid., sec. 153.) And the same dis-
tinction is observed in our own public transac-
tions with foreign Powers, as a reference to the
treaty volumes of the Statules-at-Large will
show.
It is not unworthy of remark at this point i
that the word treaty, in its general sense, has
beeh used among us to refer to the character of
the parties rather than to the subject-matter
of the contract, and, if correctly, would bring
the purchase of a vessel of war by the em-
peror of Russia from the Government of the
United States, as fully within its meaning as
that of an unexplored and uninhabited terri-
tory. To suppose, however, that the power
here given was intended to apply to such a
CfSu' w011^ seem to be reasonable in view
of the fact that the object of the provision, as
generally conceded, was only to regulate the
intercourse with foreign nations, and to settle
and adjust such controversies as might arise
between them, which was, of course', an essen-
tial power. It cannot bo said that it is an
essential power to any Government to buy and
sell and make merchandise of territorial pos-
sessions or people. To ascertain whether it
exists here we must look into the Constitution
itself. _ If it is not there, or if there be any-
thing in the exercise of such a power at war
with the spirit and genius of our institutions,
then it clearly does not exist, and the word
itselfis entitled to no such construction, against
the accepted sense, as will embrace it when it
may be so justly interpreted as to save the
Constitution.
There is no pretense, however, that the pur-
chase or cession of foreign territory is witlaiu
any of the powers expressljienumerated in the
Constitution, (Story's Com., see. 1285;) and it
has been often remarked that it is incredible
that any such overwhelming authority should
have been confided to the national Govern-
ment with the consent of the people of the
old States. It is well known, moreover, that
one of the principal objections urged against
the Constitution itself was that even the
original territory was too large for a national
Government. With such an understanding, it
could not obviously have commanded votes
enough to secure its adoption.
It will bo remembered, however, that even
Mr. Jefferson himself, solicitous as he was for
the acquisition of Louisiana, which was due,
as we know to his own exertions mainly, was
obliged to admit that there was no authority
whatever in the Constitution for the purchase
of that territory. In his letter to Mr. Breck-
inridge, of the date of August 12, 1803, he
says :
"This treaty must,of course.be laid before both
-Houses, because both have important functions to
exercise respecting it. They, I presume, will see
their duty to their country in ratifying and paying
for it, so as to secure a good which would otherwise
probably be never again in their power. But I sup-
pose they must then appeal to the nation for an
additional article to the Constitution approving and
confirming an act which the nation had not pre-
viously authorized. The Constitution has made no
provision for our holding foreign territory, still less
tor incorporating foreign nations into our Union.
The Executive in seizing the fugitive occurrcnce
which so much advances the good of the country
has done an actbeyond the Constitution. The Legis-
lature, in casting behind them metaphysical subtle-
ties, and risking themselves like faithful servants,
must ratify and pay for it, and throw themselves on
the country for doing for them what we know they
would have done for them&elvGS."
He then proceeds to compare the case to
that of a guardian who has invested the money
of his ward without authority of law, and who
if afterward challenged could only say, li I did
this for your good. I pretend to no right to
bind you. You may disavow me, and I must
get out of the scrape as I can. 1 thought it
rnv duty to risk myself for you." (4 Corr.,
500.)
Again, in his letter to Mr. Nicholas of the
date of September 7, 1803, he says:
'When I consider that the limits of theJJnitcd
States are precisely defined by the treaty of 1788, and
that the Constitution declares itself to be made for
the United States, X cannot help believing that the
intention was not to permit Congress to admit now
States which should be formed out of the territory
for which and under whose authority they were then
acting. I do not believe it was meant that they
should receive England, Ireland, or Holland, which
would be the case on your construction. When an
instrument admits of two constructions, one safe and
the other hazardous, I had.rather ask an enlarge-
ment of power than assume it by a construction that
would render our power boundless. Letusnofc make
it a blank paper by construction. I say the same as
to those who considerthe grant of the treaty-making <
as boundless. If it is, then we have no Con"^
stitution. -—4 Corr., 506. ,
It has been argued on the other hand that
the right to acquire territory is an incident to
national sovereignty; that it was a-resulting
power growing out of the aggregate powers j
that it was for the common defense and for the
general welfare. And it has been asserted bj
the Supreme Court that the Constitution con-
fers the gower of making war and making
treaties, and consequently of acquiring terri-
tory, either by conquest or treaty. (Am. In.
Co. vs. Carter, 1 Pet., pp. 511, 512, 517, note;
Story, sec. 1287.)
How it can be shown that the right to acquire
territory is an inseparable incident to national
sovereignty is a point that is not explained.
What national sovereignty is I do not know,
unless it be the supreme power of the State,
in which case, I suppose it would reside, of
course, with the organ that enacts the laws.
If it be, however, a necessary incident, then
national sovereignty is absolutely impossible in
a Government whose limits are so precisely
defined by the terms of its fundamental law as
to preclude any enlargement thereof. There
is nothing, therefore, in this argument.
Is it to be found, then, as a result of the
aggregate powers ? _ That is but the totality
of the specific and individual powers, which
means no more than the Government itself,
and is, in effect, but a repetition in other words
of the proposition that goes before it. But by
what chemistry is the sum of these powers to
result in a product so different from the ele-
ments of which it is compounded? How is a
sweet fountain to be made to send forth bitter
waters? Is it essential to the exercise of any
of these powers that the nation should acquire
additional territory? Nobody will pretend it.
Is it essential, then, to the common defense
and the general welfare ? That was the argu-
ment in the Louisiana case, to which there is
no parallel here ; but it is to be remembered
that it was invoked there not to give a con-
struction to the Constitution, but only to ex-
cuse an admitted violation of it. It is suffi-
cient to say, however, that it has not been
usual for jurists to look for the law to the
preamble of a statute, and that if the opinion
of Congress as to what is necessary to the
common defense and general welfare is to be
the measure of its powers under the Constitu-
tion, instead of the body of the Constitution
itself, then these powers are illimitable, and
we might as well dispense with the instrument
altogether.
But then it has been somewhat loosely said by
the Supreme Court of the United States in the
case already cited, that the Constitution con-
fers the power of making war and making
treaties, and consequently of acquiring terri-
tory by either conquest or treaty. This, I
think, is about as fair a specimen of a nonsequi-
iur as could be well imagined. There may
be wars without conquests. When we over-
ran Mexico, one of the most desirable regions
on the globe, we restored it, because it was not
considered to be our interest, or perhaps our
right, to acquire.territory in this way. while it
is now proposed to overleap the domains of
another Power for the purpose of buying at a
high piice another territory that is not only
forbidding in all its aspects, but absolutely
worthless. And so, too, there may be treaties
without the acquisition of territory. Even
when it is an element, and bu-t an incidental one,
the cases are exceptional. Where, however,
it is not only the principal, but the only object,
it is not, as already shown by the authorities,
the case of a treaty properly so called at all.
It is to be remarked, moreover, that it is
not as an original f>ower that the case is treated
