3012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10
■> i
Grant and. Colfax, although they proclaimed
themselves to have been rebels ; and yet now'
we are told by no less high an authority than
the Senator from Missouri that it is the duty
of this Congress, and especially, I suppose, of
the Republican portion of this Congress, to
see that they shall not be admitted to office in
those States.
Mr. DRAKE. In. answer to the remarks
of the Senator from Delaware, I have simply
this to say, that my opposition to the installa-
tion of rebels in office there extends to all of
both parties, and not, as the honorable Senator
from Indiana said, to those who are against
me politically, to be laid aside in favor of those
who are with rue politically. I am against the
whole gang of rebels, from the beginning to
the end, being allowed to hold office until
they are relieved by Congress of their disabili-
ties. I am against every form of rebel domin-
ation, there or here, everywhere and at ail
times, whether they come as my political
friends or political enemies. So that the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana cannot put me in
the category that he attempts to put others here
on that point.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The question, Mr.
President, is, whom is the Senator frqm Mis-
souri in favor of relieving from the disabilities
brought upon themselves by their treason, by
their bloody hands ? That is the question.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not intend that the
Senator shall stick his pins in me in that way.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No; but still he will
find himself in that question : he has got into
it now; and he cannot go a little piece in and
then back out. He says he is not in favor of
letting them hold office until they are restored
by act of Congress; but whom do you propose
to restore? Do you intend to take that distin-
guished Governor of a southern State who first
raised the flag of secession, and invited all the
young men of his State to follow him and to
follow what he proclaimed to be the "bright
and promising banner," and after those young
men followed him, and now that they are not
willing to go with him into a political party,
although they acknowledge that they were
defeated in the war—does he intend to restore
the leader because the leader becomes polit-
ically a brother of the Senator? Is that it?
Mr. DRAKE. It will be time enough to
answer that when that question comes up.
Mr. NYE. If the Senator from Indiana will
allow me 
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator will excuse
me. I have just a word to say to his colleague,
[Mr. Stewart.] His colleague has spoken
about divisions, about parties, about Demo-
crats, about Republicans. I should like to
know to which of the classes the Senator from
Nevada belonged just two years ago when he
supported the policy of President Johnson. I
supported that policy, and the records of the
Senate show that it was supported also by the
Senatorfrotn Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] who now
makes himself the leader of the majority in this
body, who feels that he is called upon to answer
every speech that is made. Nobody can say
anything to the Senate in opposition to the
views of the majority unless the Senator from
Nevada takes it up. He makes himself the
champion. He feels that he must answer;
else no answer is made. Why this extraordi-
nary zeal? The Senator two years ago said
that we were right. Two years ago he said
the governments established by Mr. Johnson
ought not to be torn down, that they ought to
be upheld. Now, a man is not to be restored
to political rights if he holds to the same doc-
trine that the Senator from Nevada taught two
years ago ! I have found that those gentlemen
are the r ast zealous and the most enterprising
in political efforts who at one time occupied a
different ground. The man who goes right
along in 1ms political belief is not apt to become
extreme ; but if a man changes, then he must
show the sincerity of his change by the extraor-
dinary zeal of ffis character. Is that the con-
dition of the Senator from Nevada? I believe
it is, myself.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President 
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator from
Missouri allow me to say a word ? [Laughter.]
Mr. DRAKE. Certainly; I will allow the
Senator from Nevada whatever ho desires in
the way of speech, but I would not be stuck
by such a small pin as that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Missouri is not in order.
Mr. DRAKE. Why, sir, the Senator from
Nevada appealed to me.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. He had no
right to appeal to any one but the Chair.
Mr. STEWART. I am aware that if the
Senator from Indiana can get any remarks of
mine in favor of his side it will be very high
authority; but he is very much mistaken in
his statement of the extent to which I ever
upheld the President's policy. It is true that
I was opposed to the tearing down of those
governments instituted in the South until some
other policy could be substituted. He states
it a little stronger than I ever did. I was in
favor of inaugurating some effective policy. I
was always in favor of protecting the loyal men
of the South. I was always in favor of making
loyalty honorable there and treason odious. 1
never was in favor of placing the southern
country in the hands of rebels. I thought that
tearing down those governments without pro-
posing a plan to build others up was not right.
A little more examination of what I said on
that occasion will show the Senator that he has
done me great injustice upon this question of
consistency toward rebels. Upon the ques-
tion of consistency toward the rebels I claim
as consistent a record as any other man ; I
believe I have been as consistent as any man
in the Senate. I have been opposed on all
occasions to rebel rule. I have been in favor
of taking any and every means to avert it. I
did thmk at one time that rebel rule might
have been prevented by universal suffrage and
universal amnesty. I believe it might have
been prevented at that time by universal am-
nesty and universal suffrage.
I believe that we should have so divided the
southern people then, by that policy, that we
could have organized a loyal party there. That
was not done; but we submitted to them a
constitutional amendment. Then Mr. John-
son upon tjaat inaugurated a new rebellion.
He set the rebels against us. He told them
to submit to nothing, and they refused to agree
to that amendment. We found that the author-
ity of this Government must be set up against
the rebels, and we passed our reconstruction
measures.
I have had in charge the bills for relieving
men from disabilities. My criterion of exam-
ination in each case has been, was this man in
favor of or against the Government; and I
'defy the Senator from Indiana or any one else
to show wherein I have ever agreed to place
the South under rebel rule or to let rebels
acquire absolute control of the State govern-
ments so that they could exercise their rebel
rule. I have always been in favor of holding
complete control of that country until it could be
restored to loyalty. As to the mode of accom-
plishing that result, we have all entertained
different views at different times. There have
been several experiments made by the major-
ity. The tactics of the enemy have changed
from time to time. They have been consistent
in but one thing, and that is in defying the
authority of this Government.. No matter what
generosity was extended to them, no matter
what efforts were made to bring them back, the
majority of the late rebels have continued to
defy the Government. Some have yielded
obedience to the Government. The latter class
we are ready to take by the hand and welcome
back ; but to say that we are to relieve from
disabilities defiant rebels and place the loyal
men of the South under rebel rule is new doc-
trine. It is a doctrine that! have never enter-
tained for a single moment. I have never
admitted it either here or elsewhere.
I admit that I had no idea of the extent of
the malignity of those people. I had no idea
that they would continue their assassinations.
But the proof is becoming stronger and stronger
daily. We see in a paper to-day a notice of
the assassination of members of the Legislature
in South Carolina; we saw accounts of assas-
sinations but yesterday in Georgia; and what
is worst of all, I see those assassinations justi-
fied in the rebel press or made light of. The
poor men who fall victims to this malignant
hate are ridiculed in their graves and ridiculed
before they are sent to their graves. And yet
are we to be told that we must continue to
trust those men? Because a man attempts to
protect the loyal people in the South from
assassination and murder is he to be abused
for inconsistency? Show me the loyal man in
the North who has not been anxious to extend
to them generous terms, and who has not
found that those terms were rejected and
spurned, and who has not learned that harsher
measures were necessary.
From the beginning of the war until now the
Union party has been compelled to resort to
new measures to meet new treason. When
the war began our generals returned negroes
to their turner masters to build fortifications
for them, from which to deal death into the
loyal ranks of the United States. You sent
your sons South to be slaughtered by the works
erected by the negroes whom you returned to
rebel masters. That was the policy of the
Government at one time, to maintain slavery
and the Union. That was found impossible.
It was found that the Union must be destroyed
or slavery destroyed. Was it inconsistent in
Mr. Lincoln to lay his hand upon slavery when
it was between us and the Union? So it wont
on, and the emancipation proclamation came.
After they laid down their arms everybody
felt generous toward them, and anxious that
they should be restored on the basis of loyalty.
Many expressions of kind feeling were made
and great anxiety was felt for their restoration,
until Andrew Johnson organized a new rebel-
lion, until he organized a despotism there which
was preying upon our friends, passing black
codes, attempting to inaugurate slavery. When
I saw that I was not inconsistent in attempting
to save this country from rebel rule; and I am
not now inconsistent in still advocating that
policy. I am no new convert to the Union of
these States; I am no new convert to liberty ;
I am no new convert to loyalty; 1 am no new
convert to hatred of rebel rule. I would hate
myself if from the beginning of this war until
now I had not been the consistent advocate of
every effort of this Government to maintain
its own existence and to protect all men every-
where.
Yon talk of a consistent rccord, and you
complain of southern men now because they
do not preserve a consistent record of disloy-
alty. You complain of Governor Brown be-
cause he has yielded up his disloyalty and is
willing to become an obedient subject of this
Government. You sneer at that as inconsist-
ent. I would rather have a little inconsist-
ency, if that inconsistency be in the form of
repentance, than to have the obstinate sinner
who continues in wrong and who never, dur-
ing his whole life, thinks of doing right—a con-
sistent rebel from the beginning to the end, or
one consistent in supporting it. That is a
beautiful consistency.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, it must
be a source of great gratification to the mem-
bers of this body to hear, that the distinguished
Seuatorfrom Nevada [Mr. Stewart] isopposed
to assassination, is opposed to rebels being
invested with power in their States, is opposed
to rebels having any say whatever in the gov-
ernments of the States in which they live. One
would suppose that the honorable Senator had
such a horror of all these things that he would
not now especially give aid or countenance
to the participation of such persons in the
affairs of the Government; and yet what do
we see? He is here advocating the admission
of North Carolina to representation in Congress,
and he is in favor of giving to theloyal people
of North Carolina, as well as Georgia, and
