1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
489
40th Coxa-....2d Sess.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Williams.
Ho. £>f Reps.
since bornp his name, and which he supposed
at first to be the northeastern passage around
the continent, of wliichhe was in search. Find-
ing himself mistaken, he coasted westward
along the southern shore, and the peninsula of
Alaska, until he found a passage among the
islands, which led him through the straits into
he Arctic oeean, where he continued to push
through the driving floes as far as Icy Cape, in
longitude 102°, where his further progress was
arrested by a firmly frozen sea. For nearly
half a century from this time no further explor-
ation was attempted, until Captain Beechy in
1826 succeeded in penetrating as far as Point
Barrow, in 71° 20', which is the highest north-
ern latitude of Russian'America. Some years
afterward the attempt was made by Sir John
Franklin to reach the same point from the
mouth of Mackenzie river on the east, but
he failed after the most persistent efforts to
accomplish the task, and it was not until 1837
that the object was achieved by Dease and
Simpson, two of the Hudson Bay Company's
servants, with a boat's crew from the mouth of
the Mackenzie, while within a few days after-
wards, an expedition fitted out by the Russian-
American Fur Company, succeeded in reach-
ing the same point from the West, just in time
to see the natives collected for the purpose of
cutting off the British party, and were obliged
to decamp at once in order to avoid the same
fate themselves. And these are the only ad-
venturers who have ever succeeded in tracing
the coast line upon the Arctic ocean. Whether
the United States Coast Survey, which will of
course follow the disposition of the Arctic lands
among American settlers, under the auspices
of Mr. Seward, will fare better, remains to be
tried.
In the mean while, however, a few Russian
adventurers had founded an establishment at
the island of Kodiak, with a view to the com-
merce in furs with the Asiatic coast, which
was, however, subsequently removed to the
island of Sitka. A fort was afterward estab-
lished at Norton's sound, and several expedi-
tions sent into the interior, which resulted in
the establishment of a chain of tradingposts from
Dixon's entrance to Norton's sound,and the dis-
covery of two considerable rivers, the Kuskok-
vim and the Yukon, with a country along their
banks covered generally with lakes and mo-
rasses, and skirted by lofty and in some eases
volcanic mountains. The latter and larger of
these rivers was first explored in 1842-43 by
Lieutenant Zagoyskin, who ascended it to a
point about two hundred mites above Nulato,
which is in latitude 04° or thereabouts, and
about one hundred and fifty miles in a direct
line from the coast; but the inherent difficul-
ties of the task, along with the fierce and
intractable disposition of the natives, who
were, however, very few in number, discour-
aged any further efforts in that direction, and
the territory passed into the hands of a pri-
vate company.
And this is absolutely all that was known
about it at the time of the purchase, or is
known now, its very advocates in the Senate
being compelled to admit that with the excep-
tion of the islands—themselves also unex-
plored—and its forbidding and almost inac-
cessible coast, the whole land was a term in-
cognita to civilized man. and nothing having
since been done in the way of exploration ex-
cept the alleged ascent of the Yukon by
Lieutenant Ketchun), in 1807, as far as the
British fort of that name, at the mouth of the
Porcupine river, and about six hundred miles
in a direct line from the coast, of which, how-
ever, we have no particulars. Why a treaty
forthe purchase shouldhave been ratified under
such circumstances, unless upon the principle
of o'mne ignotum pro m,agiiifieo,_ which has
entered so largely into the discussion here, is
still a mystery, as will he the passage Oi tins bill.
Upon this showing the laws of nature would
seem to settle the question as to the agricul-
tural capabilities of this comparatively un-
known region, which may bo characterized, I
suppose, as the bucolic argument. To meet,
however, the presumption arising from a lati-
tude so high as to preclude all cultivation
of the cereals, the honorable chairman takes
refuge in the insular position of Sitka, in lati-
tude 57°, which is just three degrees south of
the continental mass of this territory, and over
fourteen-degrees south of its northern bound-
ary, where he shows a mean annual tempera-
ture of forty-two degrees, or ten degrees above
the freezing point, a climatic condition result-
ing from no extremes of cold or heat, but from
a uniformity which is only achieved at the
expense of almost incessant rains and mists,
which render the harbor and all the adjacent
coasts at times inaccessible, and agricultural
pursuits impossible, even if there were level
ground enough for that purpose in a region
where, according to Sir George Simpson,
enough could not be found even for the loca-
tion of a fort.
A writerof an article in the Atlantic Monthly,
of June, 1867, not unfavorable to the purchase,
and evidently designed to impress the public
mind with a high idea of its value, remarks
that it rains at Sitka almost, if not quite, every
day in the year. The table embodied in the
report itself shows two hundred and fifty days
of rain in the year, and about twenty-three in
each of the summer months; while it is ad-
mitted that it does not follow that the residue
are clear, that kind of weather prevailing
most generally m January, and always under
the influence of north winds. The same cli-
matic influences would, of course, prevail along
the immediate coast of the mainland just oppo-
site, which, as well as the islands, is covered with
a deep coating of moss always saturated with
water, even to the mountain tops. Whether
this condition of things is at all fitted for the
growth or ripening or curing of any crop what-
ever, or reconcilable with farm culture of any
description, even supposing the land to be
arable, is a question that does not admit of
controversy, and it is only surprising that any
body should have the hardihood to assert it.ffl
the face of the facts shown by the report itself.
Leaving the insular position, however, for
the continental one, we part with the rains only
to encounter the frosts, and find a region under-
laid with perpetual ice at a depth ranging from
a few inches to five or six feet, with the surface
thawed out in the most favorable positions for,
perhaps, three or four months of the year. In
latitude55°,whichismorethantwodegreessouth
of Sitka, Major Pope, who was connected with
the telegraphic expedition, reportsgroundiceat
the depth of six to eight feet, with a surface which
freezes in winter to the depth of two feet. The
lands which the Government is in such haste to
survey for the purpose of meeting the expected
rush of American settlers—the same described
in the report as' • the garden of Alaska," and the
same spoken of by Teubenkoffin 1848, as quoted
by Professor Davidson, as "surroundedby rocks
and pine forests, mountains covered with
eternal snow, enveloped in perpetual fog, or
invisible with drizzling rains"—are, according
to the authorities relied on, in the peninsula
of Ivenay, or between Cook's inlet and Prince
William's sound, and from five to six degrees
fjither north.
Within only one or two degrees of latitude,
however, from this "garden" spot, according
to observations made at the Russian post of
Ikagmut, which is on the Yukon river, in lati-
tude 61° 47', and about, one hundred and fifty
miles from the coast, the mean annual temper-
ature is reported at 24° ST, which is more than
7° below the point ofcongelation, while mercury,
which freezes at minus 40°, has been known to
solidify in February and March, and the soil
never thaws beyond the depth of seven inches!
Further north the cold is, of coursc, propor-
tionally intensified. At Fort Yukon, in lati-
tude 04°, the meau annual temperature is 16°.
92, or more than 15° below the freezing point.
From the line of the Yukon northward the
whole region is admitted to be purely arctic,
where the days are shortened far beyond even
the demands of the eight-hour advocates, and '
the sun himself, the great fountain of light and !
heat, plunges below the horizon at the winter ,
solstice, and leaves behind him nothing but a
disastrous twilight, shedding its sepulchral •
gloom over boundless and trackless wastes of
snow. What an attraction for an American
farmer! Here the regent of day rides through
our harvests at an angle approaching 16° from
the zenith, and never descends below one of
about28° above the horizon ; while there, even
at Sitka, if he shows himself at all in the sum-
mer, as it is admitted that he very rarely
does, it is only to shoot at a long inclination
a sickly and refracted ray through a watery
atmosphere.
I beg to say to the honorable chairman that he
makes a great mistake if he supposes that the
romances of newspaper correspondents, or the
outgivings of mercenary editors, just now seized
with a sudden zeal for the propagation of the
Gospel and finding in that region acommanding
station for evangelizing all eastern Asia, oreven
the ignorant and interested twaddle, of aland
commissioner, will be taken by sensible men as
an answer to such facts as these, or can have any
other effect than to make the world laugh, and
taint and discredit the whole proceeding. Even
a good thing may be over-done. A large faith
may perhaps lean safely on the probable ; but
when the case overleaps that line, and ap-
proches the boundaries of the impossible, it is
not always prudent to presume too largely on
the credulity of the people.
But the whole question is dispose'd of by the
answer of the Russian Government itself to
the grave inquiry—visum, ienealis, aniici ?—as
to its system of division and measurement of
landed property in such a way as not only to
put it forever at rest, but to make it absolutely
amazing that anybody should have thought it
worth while to attempt to mislead either the
House or country upon this subject. I quote so
much of that answer as refers to this subject.
And first as to the islands:
" The native population of each separate island is
so very insignificant that the inhabitants of any one
could not meet with the slightest cause of collision
of interests in the use of lands; in addition to this,
the soil I'self being perfectly barren, and unfit cither
for agricultural or grazing purposes, there was no
reason why the natives should endeavor to extend
the limits of their lands.
"There was oven less ground for the enactment of
any particular regulations in view of immigrant set-
tlers. Who can ever have a mind to settle in that
country, where permanent fogs and dampness of at-
mosphere and want of solar heat and light, leaving
out of the question anything like agriculture, make
it impossible to provide even a sufficient supply of
liay for cattle, and where man, from want of bread,
salt, and meat,to escape seurvymnst, constantly live
upon fish, berries, shell-fish, sea-cabbages, and other
products of the sea, soaking them profusely with tho
grease of sea beasts. The Aleutian islands may
attract transient traders, but no permanent settlers;
to inhabit them one must be an Aleute, and if it were
not for the sea. surrounding the islands this country,
owing to its unfavorable climatic conditions and tho
sterility of its ground, would have nevej' been inhab-
ited at all."
Then as to the continent:
"From all what we said it clearly appears, that in
this region no attempts were ever made, and no
necessity over occurred, to introduce any system of
land-ownership; the country occupied by savages is
too vast; they use to camp m certainfit places, gen-
erally marked by mountains, rivers, and streams,
each having its name, but no fixed boundaries what-
ever, :uid their migration1 are guided by wild instinct
and unbounded will. AH this region has neither
past nor present, and it may be confidently said of
the future that it is far and impenetrable. Every
attempt of civilizing that country will stumble
against unconauerable obstacles; the complete ab-
: senee of local topography, the wifd character of ibo
fcarages, and no less wild character of nature; but,
above all, the rigor and inconstancy of climate. Xo
achieve any good results for thefuture of that coun-
try, by means of conquest and violence, would hardly
, bo possible; to drxvo the savages further into the
I interior of the American continent, however diffi-
cult, would be possible; but this plan will bo con-
nected with irrecoverable money and material losses;
the more so, that a civilised population wili never
I be attracted to that country; thoie e.tu bi, expected
