1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3013
other States of the South representation here,
and to give to those loyal people the control
of the governments of the States in which they
live. And who are some of these "loyal"
persons who are held up as bright examples
for tiie imitation of their neighbors and friends
at home? I believe that the Governor-elect of
North Carolina, a brightand shining loyal man
in the present day under repentant influence,
such as is described by the Senator from Nevada,
is a certain Mr. Holden. I hold in my hand a
paper containing extracts from some of the
writings of this distinguished loyalist, one of
which I will read. The holy horror of the Sen-
ator from Nevada at assassination has caused
me to look it up, and I will present it to the
Senate:
" Who will plot for the heads of Aba Lincoln ancfc
General Scott?"— WlUiam W. I/olden, in the Raleigh
Stanr/ard of June 5, 1861.
He is one of your "repentant rebels!" He
is one of the men whom you welcome into
your fold who are to mate " loyalty honorable
and treason odious I" You could execute
Wilkes Booth for doing that which was sug-
gested by the loyal Governor of North Car-
olina ; you could hang Mrs. Surratt upon a
suspicion that she wished Abraham Lincoln to
be assassinated; but you take and make a loyal
Governor over a loyal people of the man who
first made the suggestion of the assassination
of your late lamented chief.
I venture to say that in the long list of names
which have been presented, both in the other
House and in this Chamber, as proper subjects
for pardon by congressional action, there is
not one who has not been ascertained to be
ready and willing to show true repentance in
one way, and one way only, and that is by
voting the Republican ticket. That is the test
of loyalty. A man may have invited assassin-
ation and murder; he may have seized upon
your forts before his State seceded; he may
have carried on war against the Government
until the cause became hopeless; he may have
never surrendered until all hope of success was
abandoned; he may have stood side by side
with his neighbor and fought in the common
cause for the destruction of the Federal Gov-
ernment ; and you have but one test of repent-
ance, one evidence of loyalty, and that is, that
he is prepared not only to confess his sins and
do works meet for repentance otherwise, but
he must come and vote the Republican ticket.
That is the sanctifying grace that elevates him
to the state of conversion consequent upon
genuine repentance, and makes him meet for
the political church of glory of which oiy
distinguished friend is such a bright saint.
[Laughter.]
Now, I should like the distinguished Sen-
ator from Nevada to point out a single manin
the whole southern States to whom he is will-
ing to extend pardon and forgiveness who he
is assured will not vote the Republican ticket.
I ask the Senator where is the southern man,
if he will only " cry aloud and spare not," if
he will stand in the highways and byways and
shout the praises of Grant and Colfax, that he
is not perfectly willing to forgive; and where
is the one whom, if he will not do that, the
Senator would not keep deprived of all polit-
ical privileges and call a rebel?
Mr. President, my honorable friend would
not deceive the people if lie could, and let me
tell him he could not deceive them if he would.
This thing is all plain. The people of this
country see it all, and will see it all. This
giving "relief to loyal men in the South"
means giving relief to such as you can buy to
vote your ticket. You buy them with a par-
don, and it would be much more honorable
to buy them with money; for the man who
went before his neighbors and friends pro-
claiming that he was acting in a just cause,
and invoking their cooperation and leading
them into the ranks of rebellion and civil war,
aud who then, with a dastardly spirit, after
proclaiming that he was right, comes and asks
for pardon on condition of voting the Repub-
licau ticket, is a meaner man than the man
who would sell his vote for money. This par-
don brokerage that has been set up by Con-
gress with which to buy votes in the southern
States is seen by the people of the United
States. They perfectly understand it, and it
is not in the power of my distinguished friend,
who heralds and champions the cause of Re-
publicanism, to shut the eyes of the American
people to it.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall now take a
vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont calls for a division of the
question on the amendment to the amendment.
The question, therefore, is on the first clause
of the amendment to the amendment, which
will be read.
The Chief Cleek. The first clause of the
proposed amendment is to insert after the
word '' same," in line nine of section three of
the amendment of the committee, the following
words:
And thereupon the officers of each State duly
elected and qualified under tho constitution thereof
shall be inauguiated without delay.
Mr. TRUMRULL. It seems to me that
there is no sort of necessity for that portion
of the amendment. As a matter of course,
when the State organization is recognized and
the State is recognized as entitled to represent-
ation in Congress, the officers will be inaugu-
rated at once. I see no occasion for it, and I
hope it will not be adopted.
Mr. DRAKE. I suggest to the honorable
Senator from Oregon, in order to avoid any
possibility of question about the matter, that
it would be well, perhaps, to put in that clause
of the amendment after the words " constitu-
tion thereof" the words previously used in the
act "herein recognizcd."
Mr. EDMUNDS. They are not previously
used in the act.
Mr. DRAKE. They are somewhere used
in it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. There can he no ques-
tion about that, I suppose. There is only one
constitution of a State.
Mr. DRAKE. They claim to be acting under
another constitution now, or to have another
constitution there. I suggest the modification
simply for the consideration of the mover of the
amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the first clause of the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Oregon to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. WILLIAMS. On that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Conness, Cor-
bett, CraOTn, Drake, Edmunds, liowardt Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Patter-
son of New Hampshire, Pomeroy. Ramsey, Stewart,
Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Wade, Williams, Wilson,
and Ynte&—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buekalew, Cole. Conklmg,
Davis, Fowler, Frelinghuyscn, Harlan, Ilcndricks,
MeCreery, Morgan, Patterson ol Tennessee, Ross,
Saulsbury, Trumbull, Yan Winkle, Yickers, and Wil-
led—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Dixon, Doo-
little, Ferry, Fessenden, Grimes, Henderson, Howe,
Johnson, Norton, Sherman, and Sprague—13.
So the first clause of the amendment to the
amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on agreeing to the next clause of
the amendment, which will be reported if it
is called for.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONNESS and Mr. COLE. Let the
amendment be reported.
The Chief Clerk read the second clause of
the amendment to the amendment, which was
to insert after the words just adopted the fol-
lowing :
But no person prohibited fromboldingofficeunder
tho United States or under any fecate by section three
of tho proposed amendment of. the Constitution of
the United States known as article fourteen, shall be
deemed eligible to any office m either oi said btates.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Conness.
Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Harlan, Howard, Morrill of
Mame, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Puttemon
of New Hampshire, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Stewjrt,
Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey,
Williams, Wilson, and Yates—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buekalew, Conkling, Da-
vis, Edmunds, Fowler, Frelinghuysen. llouUricks,
MeCreery, Morgan, Patterson of Tennessee, lloss,
Saulsbury, Trumbull, and Vickers—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Dixon, Doo-
little, Ferry, Fessenden, Grimes, Henderson, Howe,
Johnson, Norton, Sherman^ and Sprague—13.
So the second clause of the amendment to
the amendment was agreed do.
Mr. DRAKE. I now move to amend the
amendment of the committee in the first sec-
tion, by striking out all after the word " that,"
in the ninth line, down to the word " and," in
the twelfth line, in the following words:
Thero shall never be in such State any denial or
abridgment of the elective franchise to any perbon
by reason or on account of race or color, excepting
Indians not taxed.
And inserting in lieu of those words :
The constitution of neither of said States shall
ever be so amended or changed as to deprive any
citizcn or class of citizens of the United States of the
right to vote in said State, who are entitled to vote
by the constitution thereof herein recognized, except
as a punishment for such crimes as are now felonies
at common law, whereof they shall have been duly
convicted under laws equally applicable to all the
inhabitants of said State: Provided, That any altera-
tion of said constitution may be made with regard to
the time and place of residence of voters.
I offer this amendment in order that the
fundamental condition imposed upon all these
States may be the same.
Mr. WILSON. This is the same as the
Arkansas provision.
Mr. DRAKE. This is the same as the com-
mittee of conference agreed upon in the case
of Arkansas, and I think it is proper that they
should all be made exactly alike in regard to
the fundamental conditions.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment reported by
the Committee on the J udiciary, as amen ded.
The amendment, as amended,was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. There is an amendment in
the preamble reported by the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. We have
not come to that yet. That is the last thing.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the Senate with
the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, I desire to have
a separate vote on inserting Alabama.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You must move to strike
it out; that is the only form in which you can
reach it. There is only one amendment made
in committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Must that motion bo
made before the Senate concur in the amend-
ment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. You can
now move to strike it out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I move to strike
out Alabama.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, as I was
not present when this Alabama discussion
terminated the other day, and therefore did not
have an opportunity to say what I wished to
say, I want to say it now. I am very sorry,
indeed, that the Senate has thought tit in com-
mittee to insist upon inserting this State m
this bill. Every Senator who hears me knows
that each one of these States, properly con-
sidered, stands on its own footing, and that
this is the first instance in the history of the
country where we have undertaken to deal with
more than one State at a time m admitting
them into the Union. At least, if there ,s any
exception, it is not within my knowledge. And
it is right and proper that they should be dealt
