ism.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4087
one per cent, or two per cent., and when we
commence that we do not know where it will
stop. Once begin that system, and those
abroad who have invested their money in
United States Government stocks will send
them home very soon. Confidence will be
destroyed. Persons who hold stocks from the
income of which a tax is deducted will not wish
to hold them longer. Thus, the stocks held
abroad will be returned upon us, and the result
will be that we shall have to send gold or
something else out of the country to pay for
them. We are not in a condition now to send
anything abroad. We are not sending any-
thing abroad in place of gold. In three months,
since the 11th of March last, we have sent
abroad over thirty-eight million dollars in gold
in consequence of the decline of United States
securities in foreign markets. One reason of
that decline is the agitation of the question
whether the bonds of the United States Gov-
ernment shall be taxed, and whether we are
going to repudiate this debt or not. All these
considerations have had their effect on the price
of the bonds, and the result is that gold is
going out of the country instead of United
States bonds, and we have got to send some-
thing out of the country by and by, as we are
sending out gold at the rate of $120,000,000 a
year, and only producing sixty or sixty-live
million dollars. We certainly must stop send-
ing gold very soon or we shall be bankrupt.
It seems to me that the principle proposed
by this amendment in place of the present bill
is one that will be very injurious. I would
rather have a bond specifying upon its face
£nly four and a half per cent, interest than a
bond for a higher rate conceding the right of
the Government to tax it. Reduce the rate
of interest as you may think best in your
wisdom, but do not tax the United States
bonds. It will destroy the market for them
abroad, and destroy the confidence of your
own people in them.
1 see no objection to the present bill as the
Committee on Finance propose to amend it,
with the exception of section three, which I
think should be stricken out. I have had
some little conversation, and attempted to
inform myself as to the effect of that section,
and my opinion is that it will only tend to
create embarrassment and to court speculation
in the money markets of the United States at
the great commercial centers.
Now, in New York city if stock brokers and
speculators desire to create a panic in the
money market they go to the banks, and, bor-
rowing all the money they have to lend, seal
it up and deposit it for security for thirty days
or more, saying to them, "We will pay you
interest on this money; but we want it sealed up
and placed in your vaults." That takes it
from the circulation of the country. An asso-
ciation of men in this way who desire to con-
trol the stock market may with §250,000 with-
draw §50,000,000 of currency from circulation
if they choose. In thirty days they can pro-
duce such a stringency in the money market
as to reduce the price of stocks to the extent
of five, ten, or fifteen per cent. Having done
this, they let the money loose again, and in a
very short time up go the securities ten, fifteen,
or twenty per cent., and they thereby make
large fortunes.
1 think the provisions of the third section will
tend to fuvorthosewho seek to bring about such
results. if this additional $44,000,000 is placed
in circulation it certainly adds $44,000,000 to
the circulating medium of the country. The
result of the section will be that those holding
bonds can at any time go to the Treasury and
deposit those bonds and withdraw the money
in the Treasury from circulation, provided
there is not at the time a total of ,^400,000,000
in circulation. Men ean go to the Ireasury,
deposit $50,000,000 of bonds, and at once with-
draw $30,000,000 of legal tenders from the
Treasury, and we must wait lor that money
until it comes in from taxation. If the men put
the money away, the result of the operation is
to reduce the circulating mediant of the coun-
try for the time being $50,000,000, and these
men give up four and a half or live per cent, upon
the $50,000,000, whereas now in order to con-
trol the market they hare to pay seven per
cent, to the banks. Here is a saving of two
or three per cent, by this way of controlling
the stock market and making a crisis every
now and again under the third section.
Mr. President, what the people of this coun-
try desire is stability, something that they can
depend on, something that they know will not
create distrust and will not be a disturbing
element in the money market. They desire to
know how much circulation there is in the
country and to make their calculations accord-
ingly. If we have a stated amount of circula-
tion, and the only increase is the gold that
comes into the country, they can make some
calculations in regard to their business trans-
actions ; but if you have a circulation that is
exchangeable from currency into United States
bonds and from United States bonds into cur-
rency there will be doubt and uncertainty.
When money is easy people will be investing
their money in United States securities, and
when there is a panic in the market they may
convert their bonds into greenbacks, so as to
lend them at a high rate of interest. Thus
there will be a constant change from one to
the other, and men can make no safe business
calculations. Such a provision in the bill will
have a tendency to disturb the money market
and cause more distress than even the present
state of things. Now, money is plenty in New
York; it can be had for short loans on good
security at three and a half, four, or five per
cent. At another period of the year money
will be scarce there, because it will be wanted
in the West to move the crops. If you issue
this increased amount under the third section
how are they going to get this money in the
West? They will not get it. Persons who
hold bonds will deposit their bonds with the
Assistant Treasurer at New York, draw the
greenbacks, increase the currency, and prob-
ably reduce the rate of interest there; and there
will be speculations to advance the prices of
stocks, and when money is wanted West to
move the crops there will be a tight money
market and financial distress. The bonds may
be presented to the Government for currency
at a time when the Government has not the
money to spare, when it may not have over
fortyorfifty millionsin the Treasury, and under
this provision every cent of it may bo drawn out
and the Government left without the means of
defraying its current expenses. There is no
guard at all around this provision.
If the third section were stricken out I should
think the bill unexceptionable. The other sec-
tions provide that the new bonds provided for
shall be issued and sold or exchanged for the
existing loans now outstanding. It is at the
option of the holders of the present bonds
whether they will exchange them or not. If
they desire to get a permanent loan, something
that they are sure of, something which is clear
and undoubted on its face, this provides for it,
and they can so exchange. In that respect
I think the bill is well drawn; but at the proper
time I piopose to move to strike out the third
section.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] to the amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to that section which relates to gold con-
tracts, to come in at the close of the clause.
I do not propose to make a speech upon it; I
think it will address itself to the good sense
of every Senator. My amendment is to add
to the section:
Provided, That this section shall not apply to tho
i! renewal or extension of^ mi indebtedness under a
■ j contract already entered into.
!j Mr. CORBETT. I do not see that that
|t would affect particularly the States on the At-
lt lantie side, but it might those upon the Pacific.
They have gold contracts there now under ex-
isting laws called specific contract laws. I do
not know whether this amendment would in-
terfere with the extension of their contracts.
If this should supersede their laws, the law of
Congress overriding the law of the State, it
might work injury to those interests.
Mr. HOWARD. I can modify it so as to
except all those cases.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have a modification of
that amendment which, if the Senator from
Michigan will allow me to state, I am willing
to adopt. To avoid the argument that has
been made I am willing to adopt this proviso
instead of the one he proposes:
Provided, That where the stipulation to pay coin
is a device to secure illegal or usurious interest, ii
shall not be enforced.
This is what the Senator wants : where the
stipulation to pay coin is a device of the party
to impose illegal or usurious interest it shall
not be enforced. That is as far, I think, as we
can go to limit contracts.
Mr. HOWARD. That is not so far as my
amendment contemplates going. My amend;
rnent contemplates exactly this: that where
contracts have been made not payable in gold,
and now exist, any contract for the renewal or
extension shall not be made in gold, but shall
rest upon tho same basis as it rested originally.
That is my idea.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have never been im-
pressed as much as some others with the
necessity or advantage of this section ; and
the criticisms made upon it yesterday by the
Senator from Minnesota and the Senator from
Wisconsin seemed to me to have some plausi-
bility, at any rate, if not foundation in fact.
I believe that this section ought to be so
amended as to except loans of currency, and
I would suggest to the Senator from Michigan
that he amend his amendment so as to provide
that persons who desire to borrow currency
shall not be required to give contracts payable
specifically in gold, for 1 can very readily un-
derstand that great hardships may be imposed
in that way upon persons whose necessities
compel them to borrow money; and the object
of this provision is to enable those persons
who are required to make use of gold for the
payment of customs duties or otherwise, to
make contracts by which they can buy gold.
Here are money-lendets scattered all over the
country. There are men whose necessities
require them to go to these persons for accom-
modation. A man, perhaps, expecting that at
some time not very far distant specie payments
will be resumed, or, induces! by some other
consideration, may enter into a contract by
which he borrows a certain amount of money
in currency and agrees to repay it in gold.
Thousands of men may be induced to enter into
contracts of this kind, and the consequence
will be that they will put themselves entirely
in the power of the moucy-lenders, who are
notorious for having no conscience, or no
scruples, as a class, in pursuing their debtors.
Mr. HOWAliD. I have modified my amend-
ment to read thus:
Provided, That this section shall not apply to the
renewal or extension of an indebtedness under a
contract already entered into, unlets such contract
originally required payment in coin.
Mr. CONKLING. That amendment en-
ables me better to put a question to the Sena-
tor from Oregon. Suppose the amendment is
adopted first for my illustration, who is it
going to protect? One man has^ borrowed
money from another; the debt ha,s fallen due;
he goes to him to rearrange it. This provision
would not extend to that contract. The cred-
itor therefore says, "I will not extend this
debt: you must pay me now; ! and in order to
raise the money with which to make the pay-
ment lie must go to the next man and make a
fresh contract with him answerable iu coin;
so that it would be the old case which has
been caricatured in tho play and a thousand
times in real life of a man saying, '• I ceunot
lend yon this money, but I have a friend or a
brother who can do it," So in the case sup-
posed by the Senator from Oregon, I ask him
