1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1989
Mr. CORBETT. I cannot support this
proposition. I believe that this whole system
of taking off by one swoop $05,000,000 of taxes
from the industries of the country, as it is said,
will only involve us in trouble. The trouble
lies here: it is not the two or three or four or
five per cent, or forty per cent, tax upon these
articles that produces the distress in the coun-
try. The whole trouble lies in your currency.
What is worth a dollar you count $1 40, and
your people are not willing to export from the
country at a dollar what costs them and they
regard as worth $1 40. They are all holding
their products at that estimate, and wishing for
a time when they can export what cost them
$1 40 as §1 40. They only manufacture now
what_ they want within themselves, what they
use in the western States, and what is ex-
changed to and fro from the East to the West,
and from the North to the South. There is the
great trouble that lies at the foundation of all
this. In my opinion you had better retain
your $65,000,000 of taxes upon these industries,
and appropriate it, if need be, to the purchase
of specie to bring your currency to a specie
standard. Then you will relieve the country
from forty per cent, premium upon everything
that is manufactured. Now you are taking
off t wo or three per cent, where you could take
off forty per cent, it seems to me thatwe are
taking entirely the wrong course. We are
taking the horse by the tail instead of taking
him by the head. You can lead a horse much
better by taking him the easiest way.
But if you take off this two or three per cent,
upon manufactures now the trouble will be just
as great, and in a few months from now you will
have the same cry that you have now. You
will find that the difficulty lies in the currency.
1 cannot vote for taking off these taxes. I do
not think it will benefit the people at large. It
is for the benefit of a few manufacturers. I
do not think the laboring classes will get the
advantage of it, and I think I shall have to
vote against taking off taxes at all.
Mr. BUCKAJLEW. I do not propose to
repeat the argument I made upon this subject
when the question arose in Committee of the
Whole. It would be an inconvenient practice
to travel over the second time the same gen-
eral grounds of argument. I think we ought
to take it for granted that the membeis of the
Senate reroember at one stage of a proceeding
upon a bill what has been said at a previous one.
Otherwise, the double consideration which a
bill -frill undergo, first in Committee of the
Whole and then in the Senate, will be a very
inconvenient mode of transacting public busi-
ness ; we shall duplicate our debates, and en-
cumber the record which we leave behind us.
For this reason I shall not restate the argu-
ment I made before, those general considera-
tions which, in my judgment, justify the action
taken by the Senate in committee, and would
have justified more radical action upon this
subject; I mean a total repeal of the existing
internal taxation upon the products of petro-
leum.
This is an important article of export. Be-
sides, we are engaged in a question in which
our own manufacturers and the manufacturers
of foreign countries are competitors before us;
and it is gravely proposed that we shall strike
a blow at our own manufacturers; that our
policy shall be so shaped that there shall be
no exception of petroleum from taxation ex-
cept in its crude form; that all its manufac-
tured forms shall be assigned to it by foreign
capital and by foreign industry. It is also
manifest at the first blush that this article in
its various forms is a very different one from
any of those from which taxation is removed
by this bill and upon which the argument in
favor of the imposition of a tax is much greater.
This is an article of prime necessity and just
entering into foreign markets.
But the argument made now, under the
pressure of which we are to reverse our action
as taken in committee, is that we cannotspare
this tax. The Senate should remember what
has already been done. We have attached a
section to the bill by which there is to be, as I
understand it, a very large amount of tax im-
posed on manufacturers' "sales. If, when we
reach that new section of the bill, we choose
to approve and retain it, we will have increased
very largely the amount of revenue above what
we would derive if we had taken the bill as it
came to us from the House of Representatives.
I say, then, that if we agree to this amendment
(not for the abolition of this tax, but for its
reduction) the bill, when it becomes a law, will
be productive of a much greater amount of
revenue than it would if it remained in its
original form as sent to us from the House.
Observe, in this case it is not a question
presented of the abolition of this tax, but of
its reduction. Sir, can anything be more evi-
dent, more clear, from the facts stated in this
debate, than that this is an unreasonable and
oppressive tax? You have already refused to
retain the tax upon jewels and other articles
of luxury, upon refined sugars, upon the imi-
tations of coffee, and upon some other things
which the committee reported to us as proper
objects for retention under our tax system.
You have refused to tax them at all. You
have left them in the general schedule or list
of articles upon which the whole tax shall be
removed. Now, having done that, when you
come to an article of common necessity, an
article of general use, and an article with ref-
erence to which public policy indicates to us
tender and gentle and generous treatment, you
propose to do nothing; you propose to retain
the taxation imposed upon it by a prior law,
adopted at a time when the article was much
higher in price than it is at present; a tax
which bore, when imposed, a very different
proportion to the value of the article from that
which it bears now.
Mr. President, we have before us, not a bill
to impose taxes, not a bill to raise revenue
to fill the coffers of the Government and sup-
port the public Treasury, but a bill for the re-
duction of taxes. We have, therefore, a ques-
tion of discrimination presented by this motion
between different interests ; and I submit that
in the course of this debate there has been no
argument submitted to the Senate in favor of
any other interest iu any portion of the coun-
try as strong as lhat which applies to this.
What is the difficulty about this particular
item or proposition? The explanation of the
fact that we have debate upon it, that it is
with difficulty that the Senate arrived at a vote
in its favor, was suggested by the Senator from
West Virginia. Petroleum production is an
interest which is confined to two or three
States. It is an interest which is located in the
great mountains which traverse the interior of
our country. It is confined to the territory
of Pennsylvania and of West Virginia, and to
some extent of Ohio also : and because it is
not more generally distributed it does not
seem to appeal so strongly as some other inter-
ests to gentlemen who have votes to give.
Now, I submit to them, as a question of jus-
tice, as a question of fairness in our legisla-
tion, that they ought to regard other interests
besides those which lie at their homes and
which they have peculiarly m charge; that
they should make this measure of repeal, the
repeal of oppressive taxation upon the manu-
facturing interests of the country, operate
fairly and appear fairly to the people when it
is sent out to them. When the interests that
are concerned in the manufacture of pretro-
leum, located in a particular section of the
country, ask us simply for a reduction of the
present burden, and are willing to retain one
half of it, (although that is a severe imposition
upon them, a hard and harsh imposition,) it
seems to me that that appeal ought to be lis-
tened to, and particularly that it ought to be
listened to by gentlemen who have voted in
favor of not taxing jewels and sundry other
objects, in favor of which no particular appeal
can be made to our justice or our generosity.
Mr. WILLEY. 1 desire, before the vote is
taken, to make an inquiry of the chairman of
the Committee on finance. Suppose this
amendment prevails, and the reduction be
made as proposed by the amendment; will
not the tax on this article still remain higher
than the tax on any other article exeept
whisky?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will answer the Senator,
that, with the exception of whisky and tobacco,
I think the tax on petroleum is altogether the
highest.
Mr. WILLEY. There is nothing that enters
into what may be called the necessaries of life
as this does—light for the poor—that compares
with it in any degree in the amount of tax
upon the article, as I understand. Therefore
I submit that it will be excessively unfair to
impose such heavy taxation on oncof the neces
saries of life, and make an invidious distinc-
tion against this single article, at the same
time that you exempt other articles not so
necessary for the comfort and convenience of
the people at large.
The 1JRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
in Committee of the Whole, adding a proviso
to the first section.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered ; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 21, nays 18; as follows:
_ YEAS—Messrs.Buckalew, Cameron, Cattell, Conk-
ling, Cragin, Davis, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes,
Hendricks, Howe, Johnson, MeCreery, Morrill or
Maine, Norton, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Patterson of Tennessee, Itoss, Saulsbury, Sumner,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Vickers, Willey, Wilson,
and Yates—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Cole, Conness,
Corbett, Dixon, Drake, Ferry, Fessenden, Howard,
Moigan, Morrill of Vermont, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Sherman, Tipton, Wade, and Williams—18.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Doolittle, Edmunds,
Harlan, Henderson, Morton, Sprague, Stewart, and
Thayer—9.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I now desire to offer ail
amendment a3 a substitute for the first section.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendments of the
committee are not yet disposed of.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; I will wait
until they are disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next
amendment made in committee will be read.
The Secretary read the next amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole, which
was to insert at t.he end of the second section
the following words:
And nothing herein contained shall be construed
as a repeal of any tax upon machinery or other
articles which have been or may be delivered on
contracts made with the United States prior to the
passage of this act.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made in Committee of
the TV hole was to insert as a new section :
Aiulbe it further enacted, That after the 1st day of
April next no allowance for drawback shall be made
on the exportation of any article of domestic manu-
facture on which there is no internal tax at the time
of exportation: and no claim for drawback on any
article exported prior to June 30,18(36, ^hall be al-
lowed unless presented to the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenuewithin three months after this act takes
effect.
Mr. MORGAN. I propose to amend that
section in the second line by inserting after
the word "drawback'' the words '* on account
of internal taxes so that it will read:
That after the 1st day of April next no allowance
for drawback on account of internal taxes shall be
made, &c.
This is a verbal correction, and I believe
there is no objection to it. It will make the
section clearer.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the Senator
to insert the words "on account of internal
tax paid." It does not change the meaning;
but the word " drawback," it was feared, might
extend to drawbacks on customs duties.
Mr. MORGAN. I have no objection to that.
The objeetis simply to make the section clearer.
It is not intended to affect, the customs.
The PRESlDENT_pro<empo)'e. The amend-
ment to the amendment will be so modified.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to have the
amendment repoited again.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment as modified.
