4038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
whether if his amendment be, as I understood
him to suggest, that contracts heretofore made
payable in currency should not, in any event,
be answerable in coin  
Mr. WILLIAMS. My amendment, if I was
to draw one, would be to change the section
so as to make it read " that any contract here-
after made—excepting for loans of currency—
specifically payable in coin, shall be legal and
valid." 1 claim that where a man borrows
currency, if bis necessities, or the power which
the lender has over him, induce him to give a
contract payable specifically ill gold for the
currency, it ought not under existing circum-
stances to be enforced.
Mr. CONKLING. Take that very case; the
debtor comes to the creditor to get an exten-
sion. The creditor says, " No ; I will not ex-
tend this a moment; you must pay me now or
I shall sue you on your note." Is he not then
at onee driven to go to the next man, who is
either in concert with the creditor or not, as
you please, to borrow from him in a coin
answerable to contract in order to get the
money to come back and pay his creditor?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think no!.
Mr. CONKLING. Why not?
Mr. WILLIAMS. In the first place, I sup-
pose the question assumes that the existing
contract is payable in currency. If that be
so, and the debtor is unable to pay, the
creditor will sue and recover a judgment for
currency, and the debtor's property will be
sold for currency, his debts will be paid in
currency. Hut, if he enters into a contract
specifically payable in gold, under this bill the
judgment will be for so much gold.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish my honorable
friend to enlighten me upon this point. Of
course if the contract is returnable in currency,
and proceedings are taken to enforce it, the
case will be as the Senator states; but sup-
pose, to avoid a suit and seizure of his prop-
erty on execution, the debtor goes to some
other person to borrow this money with which
to pay, then he is brought immediately within
the scope of the law as it would be after the
amendment is adopted. So I ask the Senator
how it is in reality that it amounts to a protec-
tion even in the case he puts?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not think the Sen-
ator understands the amendment I propose.
Suppose that A goes to B to borrow money,
and B insists that if he loans him currency A
shall make a contract specifically payable in
coin. A declines to do it, and he is compelled
to go to C to borrow the money. He can no
more make a contract specifically payable in
gold with C to bind him than he could make a
contract with B payable in gold to bind him.
He cannot make a contract payable in gold
with anybody for the purpose of borrowing
currency. That is the extent of my amend-
ment. It is to hold that a man shall not be
compelled upon a contract which he makes for
the purpose of borrowing currency under any
circumstances to refund the amouut in gold.
Mi'. CONKLING-. Suppose I go to the
Senator under the law as it would stand with
this amendment to borrow $100 in currency,
and suppose I make a contract to repay him
coin less forty per cent., gold being at 140,
would not such a contract as that be within
the law as he intends to make it?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not understand that
any contract made for the purpose of borrowing
currency, where the paymentis specifically to be
made in coin, would be a Contract which could
be enforced under this law, no matter what
the amount specified in the contract might be.
Mr. CONKLING. That is, it would not be
valid unless coin had been paid out and coin
was to be received back?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly, that is what I
mean.
Mr. CONKLING. Surely the Senator must
see that the moment such a law as that is passed
contracts are restricted to the sale of property,
because if I cannot go to the Senator and bor-
row $100 in gold, and iu place of gold repay
him $140 iu greenbacks, the currency of the
country, equivalent to gold at the market value,
gold being now demonetized, it is entirely im-
possible that any transaction should take place
under the law except it may be to sell my chat-
tels or real estate and take an agreement pay-
able in gold, so that this would not be a com-
mercial law at all.
Mr. COLK obtained the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
California give way for a motion to go into
executive session ? That will afford an oppor-
tunity for these other Senators to confer and
come to understand each other, so that we shall
get along more speedily hereafter.
Mr. C0LB. I have but a few remarks to
offer at this time. If the Senate, however,
desire to go into executive session I shall not
insist on addressing them at this moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know the Senator from
Illinois wants an executive session, but 1 trust
he will not interpose at this tune, and will allow
us to go on with this bill. I have seen a great
majority of the Senators, and they have told
me they are disposed to close this bill to-night.
If so, I hope we shall sit on until the hour
comes for the recess, and then take the recess,
and sit it out to-night, and to-morrow the
Senator can have his executive session in time
to accomplish something, but if we go into
executive session now we shall accomplish
nothing before the recess.
Mr. TltUMBULL. Oh, yes; we shall be
able-to do something by going in now.
Mr. MOKliILL, of Maine. 1 desire to give
notice to the Senate that on to-morrow the
Committee on Appropriations are extremely
anxious to present to the consideration of the
Senate the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 hope, then, the Sen-
ator from California will give way and let me
move an executive session. We certainly
ought to do sotne executive business.
Air. COLE. As the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, who has this bill in charge,
is extremely anxious that it should be disposed
of to-night, I prefer to go on. This is a part
of the bill in which 1 have from the commence-
ment taken very considerable interest, and
though 1 am in favor of every section of the
bill this is the only one upon which I propose
to offer any remarks.
Gold and silver have always been the cur-
rency in the State which I have the honor in
part to represent. The late war, which drove
hard money from circulation in the Atlantic
States, produced no such result on the Pacific
side. Greenbacks have all the while been
bought and sold there precisely as gold and
silver have been bought and sold in the markets
of New York. They have been used to pay
Federal taxes and the salaries of Federal offi-
cials, but further than that they have not
entered into business on that coast. This un-
usual condition of things is attributable mainly
to the fact that banks of issue never had an
existence in that State. By her constitu-
tion they are prohibited, and before the advent
of United States notes her people had no paper
money whatever. The facility, therefore, which
existed in other States for gliding from the
use of one description of paper money into the
use of another was wholly wanting in Cali-
fornia.
The prime obstacle in the way of bank
paper, and afterward greenback circulation,
there was the large production of gold, which
first led to this constitutional prohibition upon
banks of issue.
This condition of things impelled the Legis-
lature of that State to pass a law which is
known there as the "specific contract law." It
provides that any agreement in writing to pay
in coin may be enforced according to its terms.
X need not now discuss the validity of such a
statute, the local courts having sustained it,
and its principles having entered into thou-
sands of business transactions. It is sufficient
to say that the necessity for such a law and
such a decision was far more pressing in Cali-
fornia than in any other State of the Union.
That law effected for California precisely
what is sought to be effected for the whole
country by the section under consideration. It
is intended simply to modify the legal-tender
act so as to allow the making and enforcing
of contracts to pay in coin, if people shall
choose to make such contracts.
United States notes will remain a legal
tender, as at present, for all debts public and
private unless the specific agreement calls for
something else. If there is a single sound
objection to this measure it has not yet ap-
peared.
The proposition has been before the country
since early in December last, and has elicited
much comment from the public press and
from private citizens; but I have not heard a
single solid reason urged why it should not
become a law. It is said that sharpers will
take advantage of it to oppress their debtors,
by exacting payment in coin where only paper
money is due. But this is not likely to occur.
No man would exact and no one submit to
pay forty per cent, in addition to his debt.
This objection to the measure is imaginative,
not real. No such advantage could be taken
of it. The arguments in its favor, though not
numerous, are, in my opinion, forcible. They
address themselves directly to the practical
sense of the people. There is no compulsion
about this measure. The adoption or rejec-
tion of its principles is left entirely to the
volition of each individual. Unlike every
other financial scheme, it is totally devoid of
pressure to secure its adoption, and yet there
is no doubt it will go into operation. Its own
merits will ensure its success. Coin contracts
will most certainly be made. Whenever credit
is given both parties will prefer it shall be
upon the basis of hard money, because that
will ensure to both greater safety and certainty.
Instead of continuing the undivided use of a
standard of value, which is scarcely any two
days the same, and which, within the life-time
ot many a contract, has ranged from par down
to forty cents on the dollar of gold, all good
business men will substitute the world-wide,
time-honored and more steady standard of the
precious metals. This standard is not affected
by the misfortunes of any nation, but, like the
waters of the ocean, keeps on the same grand
level thi-ougbout the whole world, and is only
subject to inconsiderable tides.
Uncertainty in the value of the circulating
medium enhances the prices of all commodi-
ties, and as well those of prime necessity as
those that can easily be dispensed with. The
tradesman cannot safely assume the risk of a
sudden decline in the value of greenbacks, and
he must therefore preserve a larger margin of
profits on his sales. The importer and manu-
facturer must do the same, and the unfortunate
consumer at last has to bear the burden.
Mr. President, this bill is calculated to en-
courage and promote business of every sort.
It will restore confidence where now is only
distrust. Let us illustrate its workings by pre-
suming a case. Suppose you have for sale a
piece of property valued at $10,000 in the
ordinary currency, you would just as readily
take its equivalent in gold, $7,000. And if the
payment were to be postponed one, two, or
three years, both the purchaser and yourself
would still prefer to specify the $7,000 iu coin
as the price rathor than the $10,000 in a fluc-
tuating and uncertain medium.
All prices are now exorbitant and unnatural.
This provision will reduce them to what they
were before the war, because they will again
be measured by the same standard of value.
Ihey will be brought down to the same general
level that they have continued to occupy in
California. There the only changes in pi-ices
have been such as ordinarily flow from supply
and demand.
ihe rise and fall of greenbacks from time to
time have produced as little effect upon values
there as in England.
There being but little use for coin in this
country at present, it goes abroad, loo often in
exchange lor products we do not need. But
the passage of this bill, by creating a necessity
