1990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It seems to me
the amendment was a great deal better as
originally presented by the Senator from New
York, without the word "paid." If there was
a drawback there must have been something
paid, and putting in the word "paid" would
look as if it referred to past transactions. It
is better without the word "paid."
Mr. SHERMAN. I thipk it neccssary to
keep the word "drawback" there. I have a
letter from the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue on the subject. I will state what the
purpose is. As by this bill we repeal the taxes
on manufactured articles, the purpose is that
manufacturers shall not export articles that
were manufactured before the 1st of April, and
then make new articles for the domestic market
and send abroad the articles that have paid the
aMr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I agree with the
Senator from Ohio that it is necessary to re-
tain the word " drawback;" but it is the word
"paid" to which I objected. The amendment
is much better without than with that word, I
think.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the contrary, as there
is so much drawback, say live dollars on a
sewing-machine, up to the 1st of April, they
may claim when they export a sewing-machine
that it is iutended that they shall have the
benefit of the drawback of live dollars. Now,
unless they have paid the internal tax of five
dollars, they are not entitled t-o the drawback.
I think it important to have it specific.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New York, as modi lied, to the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was to insert the following us an
additional section:
And be it further enacted. That every person, firm,
or corporation, who shall manufacture by hand or
machinery any goods, wares, or racichandise not
otherwise specifically taxed .-.a such, or who shall bo
engaged in the manufacture or preparation for sale
of any articles or compounds not otherwise specific-
ally taxed, or shall put up tor sale in packages with
his own name or trade-mark thereon any articles or
compounds not otherwise specifically taxed, and
whose annual sal es exceed $10,000, shall pny for every
additional$1,000 in excess of $10,000, two dollars; and
the amount of sales within the year beyond $10,000
shall be returned monthly to tho assistant assessor,
and the tax on sales in cxccs^s of $10,000 shall be as-
sessed by the assessor and paid monthly as other
monthly taxes are assessed and paid.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. T move to amend the bill
by striking out all of the first section alter tho
enacting clause, and inserting the following in
lieu thereof:
That the rates of taxation provided in scction
ninety-four of the act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to suppoit the Government, to pay
interest on Ihe public debt, and for other purposes,"
approved June :>0, 1801, or in the act amendatory of
said section, shall hereafter be one half of the lairs
now provided, except on wines in said section de-
scribed, and on snuff and all other manuf'actui es of
tobacco, including cigarettes, cigars, and elieioots.
Mr. GRIMES. As this amendment opens
up the whole subject in a new phase, and 1 do
not think the Seriate is prepared to decide upon
it, I move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. On that motion I shall
call for the yeas and nays. I trust by this vote
to ascertain whether the Senate will stand by
me and see whether or not the bill shall be
passed to-night. 1 wish to say to the Senate
that we know*our public engagements ai e such
that unless we pass this bill through tho Senate
to-night, it cannot go through the forms of
legislation this week, so as to take effect on the
1st of April. I am willing to abide by the
sense of the Senate, but I hope we shall sit it
out.
_ Mr. CONNESS. I also hope that we shall
sit it out.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, this mat-
ter has now assumed a shape where I think it
necessary that Senators should look the bill
fairly in the face and see precisely what we arc
coming to, if we pass the bill in the shape in
which it is now left. The amendments that the
Committee on Finance have reported in order
to bring our receipts anywhere into the neigh-
borhood of our expenditures for the coming
year have been rejected; and the bill now
stands upon the simple proposition of the House
of Representatives to so adjust the taxation of
this country for the year to come as knowingly
to leave us at the end of the year with a deficit
of $20,000,000 or upward.
Mr. SHERMAN. The tax on manufactu-
rers' sales is added.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well. May I ask
the chairman of the committee how he thinks
the matter will stand at the end of the year as
the bill is now?
Mr. SHERMAN. According to Ihe esti-
mates I submitted there would probably be a
deficit of $10,000,000; but tho tax on manu-
facturers' sales is estimated to yield $10,000,-
000 or $11,000,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But was not your esti-
mate of the deficit based upon the fact that
jour amendments retained the tax on turpen-
tine, &e.?
ilr. SHERMAN. No, sir; $10,000,000 was
the sum estimated under the bill us it came
from tho House. Wo deducted $3,000,000 for
the additions the committee made, leaving
$l;},000,000; and I think the tax on manu-
facturers' sales will nearly cover it. However,
the Senate have reduced the taxes $2,500,000
more than the House did.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then, Mr. President, the
result is, aside from this estimate upon the
probable sales, that we are more than twenty
millions behind. As has been well said by the
Senator from Maine, (and it is only necessary
to state it to intelligent men to have it under-
stood,) tiie amount of revenue that wo are to
realize from the tax on sales is to depend upon
production after all, upon the prosperity of
tho country, upon the degree of stimulation
that is infused into manufactures and into
those things that are pioduced for sale. Is it
not entirely problematical how much that will
be V Are we not now, as is said by everybody,
in a condition of considerable distress and
stagnation ; and can we therefore fairly esti-
mate any considerable sum as a safe basis of
calculation for tho revenue that we are to de-
rive in the year to come?
The result is, that with this estimate upon
manufacturers' sales reduced to what may be
reasonably certain we are still left with a large
deficit. If it bo taken as estimated by the
chairman of the committee we are left with a
considerable deficit, somewhere from five to
fifteen millions at best. Now, 1 want to ask
Senators if they are prepared to lace their
intelligent constituents, men who intend to
stand by the country, and who are willing to
bear the necessary burdens of Government,
upon a proposition of that kind? Shall we
not be at the end of the year, in such a case
as tills, worse off than wo arc now—with a
deficit in the Treasury, with tho cicdit of the
Government thereby diminished, as all histoiy
and all experience prove it must be? Shall
we not be in a condition where the relative
value of our demand notes and gold will be
wiiler apart than it is now ? Can any man cal-
culate or look forward without alarm to the
consequences that are, if we believe anything
in human experience or human reason, almost
certain to follow from knowingly and volun-
tarily adopting a course of legislation which
shall leave us at the end of the period for which
we are pretending to provide behind, running
in debt again without making any provision to
meet that debt ?
What are we to do with the deficit, I should
be glad to ask Senators, when the end of the
year comes round? Are we suddenly again
to increase taxation so as not only to meet the
current expenses of that year, but to make up
for the deficiency in this ? How will the people
bear that? That is concentrating taxation in-
stead of distributing it, as it ought to be dis-
tributed, according to my judgment.
Sir, I believe it is one of the most fatal steps
that any statesman or any man or any party
can enter upon in a country like ours-to coolly
and deliberately sit down to provide a system
of laws which, at the end of the year you are
providing for, shall leave you more deeply in
debt than you were when you began *, and that,
too, in a state of peace, when war has passed
by for more than two years. Can it be pos-
sible that all the virtue of the country, of which
so much lias been said during this war, ended
with the war, and that people who were willing
to talk very loud in favor of taxation at that
time in order to sustain the credit of the Gov-
ernment and carry it on are no longer willing
to bear that necessary taxation which shall
make the ends meet?
1 agree that taxes ought to be reduced as
low as they possibly can be ; but as one citizen
of this country I oppose as far as I humbly
can taking any off which shall reduce taxation
below tho neccssary annual expenditure of the
Government. Such a course once entered upon
is very difficult to recover from. You will hear
cries a year hence louder than you hear them
now that taxation must not be increased ,* and
the first step taken in the direction of deficiency,
and therefore ultimately of repudiation—I do
not say it in any offensive sense ; 1 will say ulti-
mate total inability to meet your expenses—
is the worst and most fatal step of all, because
the process of retracing such a step as that is
much more difficult than it is to avoid taking
it in the first place.
Where is the necessity for this action? Will
not the people be satisfied? Will not industry
revive, as wo are told it is now reviving to some
degree, and I believe it is, if upon all these
articles of manufacture that are mentioned in
the bill to which this section refers we iir me-
diately strike off one half of the taxation?
That is exactly the proposition that the Sen-
ator from West Virginia endeavored to demon-
strate would be reasonable and satisfactory for
his constituents; all that ho thought k fair and
right to ask ; and ho obtained it; and it was
right that he should. Now, if you apply the
same rule to other articles which are no more
necessary, many of them much less necessary,
than the article that is manufactured from crude
petroleum, the oils that tho poor use, you will
then come out even; you will have no great
excess; you will have no deficiency; and tho
people will be satisfied.
But how arc we to meet objections that will
be made to our conduct when we relieve from
taxation entirely numerous articles of luxury;
relieve allmusical instruments and pianos; re-
lieve all manufactures of gold plate and silver
plate; relieve diamonds and jewelry and every-
thing of that kind? I am surprised that the
House of Representatives have not put in gold
watches and every other article of luxury that
can be imagined—billiaid tables, for example—
as not the subject of taxation. They might
do so jm-tas well as to exempt diamonds or
silver plate, and those articles of luxury that
everybody knows in this country are not found
in one bouse in two hundred. How are we to
meet our constituents or to meet any just and
reasonable opposition to our legislation if we
say, "Instead of reducing taxation upon all
articles equally we have totally exemp ted many
articles of luxury, and yet still upon the light
that the poor man burns in his home all over
the country, the product of petroleum, we insist
upon having two and a half per cent. ?" It is
unjust; it is wrong.
Mr. President, I insist upon it that the only
way to equalize this burden upon the people is
not to take the tax off en .irely from a great
variety of articles and leave it upon others that
are just as necessary; but it is to take it for
granted that the existing law has equalized
taxation as much as possible, and then reduce
the whole pro rata to a point where we can
reach an even relation  
