1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4039
for it, will keep the coin at home. The amount
of coin in the Atlantic States at this time must
be very small. There is, on the average,
about ninety millions in the Treasury, and.
outside of it probably not a very much larger
sum. The only demand for it is to pay duties
on imports; and the brokers and bankers
retain a little for speculation, but most of it
has gone out of the country because notneeded
here. All Californians, on landing in New
York, rush to Wall street to sell their gold,
and i suppose everybody who happens to have
a little or much is equally anxious to convert
it into some more useful form. Those who
had coin hoarded up before the war have been
forced by necessities, or tempted by large pre-
miums to sell it, and there is but little of this
sort of dead capital remaining in the country.
The speculative character of our people pre-
cludes the idea that any considerable quanti-
ties of the precious metals are hid away in
chests and corners. The fact that there is but
little coin in the banks is shown by the propo-
sition to day discussed, asking for the issue of
more three per cent, certificates to be used as
their reserve. Of those certificates, $50,000,000
are already out. And as gold and silver, being
lawful money, may constitute a part of the
reserve, it certainly leads to the conclusion
that there cannot be much coin in the national
banks.
Every contract to pay in specie is in effect an
agreement that so much gold shall be retained
in the country to meet it; and when such con-
tracts become common, as they will, gold and
silver will be found sufficient for the demands
of business, and we shall reach a specie basis
almost without knowing it, and without the
slightest injury to anybody.
Every other method yet proposed for return-
ing to specie must lead to injustice, by en-
forcing the payment of debts in coin, which
were contracted upon the basis of a depreciated
paper currency. There is no plan so fair as
this for reaching a specie basis, and no other
which will not produce convulsions in business
and lead to untold distress throughout the
country.
But if it be true, as often alleged, that a large
amount of gold and silver is hoarded up in this
country, why should it not be unlocked ? What
reason is there why it may not be allowed to
go into circulation, so that the people may
become accustomed to its use again? If we
are evej- to go back to specie it must be by
some such gradual process, and not by a single
stride. If we should blindly adopt one of the
many suggestions upon this head, and declare
that on a certain day the Government would
resume payments in specie, the gold in the
Treasury would last so long, and only so long,
as would be required to transfer it to the broker
shops, and after that single day or so of specie
payments we should be further than ever from
the end aimed at. The country would find
itself absolutely at the mercy of the "gold
ring/' and its credit would only be saved, if
at all, from utter ruin in order that it might
further subserve their selfish purposes.
I will mention one other reason for the pas-
sage of this law. If the gold and silver coin
ot the country is put in circulation it will be
adding somewhat to the circulating medium
now afloat. This at present is too restricted
in certain portions of the Union, the South
and the West, where the quantity is quite
inadequate to the demands of business. The
amount of circulating medium in a country
ouglit never to be fixed by law. It should be
left to be regulated by the requirements of
trade. Money is the element upon which
business floats, and without a sufficiency of
which it is liable to perish. Good, hard money,
or paper money, well secured, is never likely
to become too abundant. The former being
the accepted medium of exchange among all
nations is as certain as the waters of the sea to
find its level, and the quantity of the latter will
always be governed by the character of the
security. If secured by hard money, and equal
to it in actual value, it is not more likely to
become too abundant. Let loose this gold
from its hiding places, and you will hear loss
complaint about contraction. This coin will
by degrees take the place of paper money, and
before long you can spare from circulation the
$4,000,000 of paper a month without trouble.
But should that amount, or even a much less
sum per month, be withdrawn, with no provis-
ion for supplying its place, the business of the
country would soon be hard aground, and gen-
eral disaster would follow.
Since the Government has taken upon itself
the task of furnishing the people a circulating
medium it cannot decline the responsibility
of providing so much and such sort of circu-
lation as is demanded by the business wants of
the people. These wants vary greatly from time
to time, and depend upon many circumstances.
They increase with population and wealth;
they vary with the productiveness of the sea-
sons; they are affected more or less by every
summer's shower and chilling wind. It is not
possible at any time to determine in advance
what amount of circulation will be needed, and
the legislator errs when he undertakes to pre-
scribe a rule fixing one definite quantity for
different times and different circumstances.
The bill before the Senate will relieve the
country from the great embarrassment arising
from time to time out of the present law fixing
a definite limit upon the amount of circulation,
it will unlock just so much gold and silver as
may be needed in the current business of the
country, and no more. I am sure it will im-
prove the public credit and bring all Govern-
ment secured paper up to near the common
standard of value among all the nations. I
believe the passage of the measure will work
good, and only good, to thejjeople and the
country in every way.
Air. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is half past four
o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. I doubt whether there is
a quorum here, and many Senators have gone
away supposing the discussion would be con-
tinued til! the recess.
Mr. TllUMBULL called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 15 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Cole, Davis, Doolittle,
Drake, Ferry, Fessendcn, Fowler, Frelinghuysen,
Hendricks, Howard, McDonald, Morgan, -MornU of
Vermont, Osborn, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Patterson of Tennessee. Kamsey. Rice, Tipton,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Viekers, Welch, and Wil-
Scy—2o.
NAYS — Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Conkling,
Conness, Coi'bett, Morrill of Maine. Nye, Poineroy,
Boss, Sherman, Stewart, Sonmer, Wade, Williams,
and Wilson—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cattell, Cia-
giu, Dixon, Edmunds, Grimes, Harlan, Henderson,
Howe.McCreery,Morton,Norton,Saufsbury,Sprague,
Thayer, Whyte, and Yates—IS.
So the motion was agreed to; and after some
time speut in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate took a recess till
half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate resumed its session at half past
seven o'clock p. m.
vallejo and humboldt bay railroad.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S.'No. 349) granting
aid in the construction of a railroad from the
town of Yallejo to Humboldt bay, in the State
of California, the pending question being on
the amendment reported by the Committee on
Public Lands as a substitute for the original
bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I think there ought to be
a provision added confining the grant to lands
within fifteen miles.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no objection.
Mr. IIARLAN. I move this amendment, to
come in at the end of the second section:
Provided, That no land shall be granted under tho
provisions of this act situated more than fifteen
miles from the track of said road.
The amendment fo the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed. Its title was amended to read: A bill
granting lands to the State of California to aid
in the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the town of Yallejo to Humboldt bay,
in the State of California.
freedmen's bureau.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the bureau
bill, which has been returned from the House
of Representatives with amendments.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
567) relating to the Freedmen's Bureau and
providing for its discontinuance.
The amendments were in line twenty-two,
after the word "operations," to insert "shall
be," and after "discontinued" to strike out
the words "as soon as the same may be done
without injury to the Government."
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate
concur in those amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROJI THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had disagreed to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the amendment of the
House to the bill (S. No. 352) to authorize the
temporary supplying of vacancies in the Exec-
utive Departments, asked a conference on the
disagreeing votegof the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. G. S. Boutweli. of
Massachusetts. Mr. James K. Wilson* of Iowa,
and Mr. S. S. Marshall of Illinois, managers
at the same on its part.
bill introduced.
Mr. CAMERON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. G16) to remit the duties on a certain statue
intended to surmount the soldiers' monument
at Harrisburg, Pennsylvania ; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
11ks i. t. potter.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill for the
relief of Mrs. Potter.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 59t3) for the relief of Mrs. L. T. Potter
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to ap-
propriate the sum of $20,000 to Mrs. L. T.
Potter, of Charleston, in the State of South
Carolina.
Mr. HARLAN. I would inquire of the Sen-
ator who has called up this bill what is the
nature of the claim ?
Mr. HOWE. If the Clerk will read the
report of the committee the Senator will see.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the fol-
lowing report, made by Mr. Howe:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the petition of Mrs. Eliza K. Potter, submit the fol-
lowing as their report of the case:
ThepetitAoner is the wife of L. T. Potter, ofCharles-
ton, South Carolina. She represents that at the open-
ing ot the war her husband was very wealthy, and that
she possessed considerable means of her own. bno
further represents that throughout the war her hus-
band and herself were devotedly attached to the
cause of the Union, and that she herself and herson,
a lad of some suteen years, devoted nearly their
whole time to the care and nursing of federal pris-
oners in Charleston, and she represents that ill tho
course of the war she expended of her own and her
husband's money more than forty thousand dollars
in ministering to the support and comfort of JJniou
soldiers in rebel prisons, feho represents that during
the war her husband met with heavy losses; that
some valuable nulls situate near Charleston, ana
some docks and storehouses in _ Charleston,.were
burned; that her husband, from time to time during
the war, sold portions of his property in Charleston
and invested the proceeds in cotton, m the hope that
when the war wouid cioso the cotton wouid be avail-
able ; tli&t some throe hundred bales of yotton were
