1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
491
40tii Coxa....2d Sess.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Williams.
Ho. of Reps.
lier out entirely. This means war, if it means
any tliiug, as one of the first fruits of this acqui-
sition ; but that we can have as readily, and
wage as successfully, without the disadvantage
of an outlying possession, which could be seized
at once by an enterprising enemy like Great
Britain, if she considered it worth taking.
ITow we are to be damaged now by its falling
into the hands of the same Power which holds
Vancouver Island already, or in what way it is
necessary for our defense, or for the preserva-
tion of our institutions or power, that we should
multiply our vulnerable points, has not been
shown, and cannot be easily conjectured.
But then we are informed that it is the key
of the Pacific I If the honorable chairman had
asserted that it was the key to Behring's strait,
and to the Arctic sea, over which it issupposed
(hat it will give us the control—forgetting that
Russia is still on the other side—as though we
wanted a dragon there to guard his new Ilesper-
ides from other Powers, we could have under-
stood him; but when he speaks of a region
buried in mists and storms, away on the north-
ern extremity of that great ocean, away out
of the track of all its commerce, and visited
only by an occasional whaler, I confess I am
too dull to comprehend his meaning, as I am
when he insists that it brings u,s face to face'
with the Celestial empire—which we face just
now—by putting us away off on its flanks. Will
the commerce of China ever take that route?
Js it the greater proximity on which he relies?
Docs he think it is an easy leap to the old Con-
tinent? Behring and his crew were frozen to
death in that passage. Where is there a port on
the Asiatic shore in that high latitude which
is approachable? Is it anywhere in Kamt-
schatka? Is it even in the Sea of Okhotsk? Or
does he reckon upon this territory merely as
an advanced post in that march to universal
dominion with which we are now threatened?
Does he propose to follow up this acquisition,
by the bid of another $7,000,000 in gold for
Kamtschatka, to run down the coast, engage for
a province or two of China, contract for Japan,
and squeeze Great Britain out of the Indian
seas ? My venerable colleague complains, as I
have already remarked, that it is "aburning
shame" that we have not a spot of ground in
the wide Pacific to dry a fish, or a stick of tim-
ber to repair a shattered mast. Is it not
equally a shame that we do not own a conti-
nent or an island in the Indian ocean ?
But if we do not take this property some
European Power will. Andhere the honorable
gentleman takes up the role of the prophat, and
informs us that there is, ere many days, to be a
terrible war in Europe, in which this event will
be sure to happen. Well, be it so. I should
not grudge any of them the acquisition, but
would rather wish them joy of it, if a region
so forbidding could be a " thing of joy " to any-
body. But what Power in Europe would de-
sire it? What would any of them do with such
an elephant, if they had it, when even Russia
herself, though clothed m furs, and with her
sub-Arctic population, could not afford to keep
it? I trust the American Congress is not to
be frightened by such an argument as this, into
the ratification of so poor a bargain. It is
only of a piece with the kindred argument, so
obviously borrowed from the auctioneer who
puffs his wares, that we have twice before been
silly eciough to offur to buy this property, and
that it has been twice as sillily refused.
If there is anything in this part of the argu-
ment, it msans that we are now about to aban-
don our traditional policy, and enter upon a
scheme of universal dominion; to absoro all
surrounding nationalities, and then to spread
our wings lor foreign flight, till " the whole
boundless universe is ours." J his is the spread-
eagle argument. It has great attractions ^or
the young. When I was a boy myself, if I
may be allowed the egotism, 1 was tempted to
indulge on a Fourth of J uly in an aerial excur-
sion of the same sort, which lias perhaps uone
more to keep my memory green among the
boys than anything else that 1 have ever said or
written. That, however, was only to the Western
ocean, wherein the royal bird has long since
dipped his wings. The gentleman from Min-
nesota [Mr. Donnelly] and my junior col-
league, [Mr. Myers,] alike buoyed up by the
tempestuous ardor that always animates the
young—
"Their aery caravans high over seas
Flying, and over lands, with mutual wing
Easing their flight;"
have sped away under the convoy of the ad-
venturous Chairman, above "the sea'stumult-
uous roar," over "Behring's rock," and even
beyond the watery domain of the world's great
ocean. Nay, even the Nestor of the Pennsylva-
nia delegation, [Mr. Stevens,] who has arrived
by some new process at the philosophic conclu-
sion that it is wise to emulate thegreatness and
the glory of imperial Rome by the same policy
which rent her first in twain, and then gave
over the dismembered fragments of the huge
carcass to the fierce barbarians of the nortli,
feeling the divine efflatus, and kindling again,
like the Phoenix, into new life under the in-
spiration of the clang with which his juniors
spurn the ground, "his sail broad vans ex-
pands for flight," and lifts himself into the
empyrean so far above his exemplars, as to take
in at a glance, not only Alaska, but "all crea-
tion," with all its seas, and continents, and
isles. Well, this is logical, as it is outspoken.
He sees with the ken of a prophet, in the pur-
chase of this desolate outlook, that "germ of
inappreciable power" to which the honorable
chairman so eloquently refers, because he sees
in it the precedent, and in its volcanic peaks
the starting point, in that grand march to uni-
versal empire, which, abandoning the pursuits
of peace and happiness, is to give to our pos-
terity a legacy of war, and prepare for the
instruction of future generations another of
those grand convulsions which have shattered
the great empires of the earth into fragments.
The last experiment of this sort upon the other
hemisphere was checked disastrously among
the snows of Russia, and brought the Cossacks
of the Don to water their horses in the
Seine.
I trust that the first step in our downward
march is not to l\jgin where that of another
child of destiny came to an end. It is not so
much the mere dross that this purchase is to
cost us that disturbs me. It is not even the
still heavier burden of governing an outlying
possession such as this, at the expense of great
corruption, and endless Indian wars. But we
camiflt afford to enter upon the new field to
which we are now invited. It may suit a mon-
archical Government to hold remote depend-
encies, as Great Britain does. The genius of
our institutions forbid us that privilege. We
must associate them with ourselves, or change
our Government. But we cannot grapple them
tcusbyties of fellowship, withoutacommunity
of interest. Even the diversity that slavery
produced had so far overcome the effect of
juxtaposition itself, that nothing but this single
fact could have saved this Union from destruc-
tion. How long will it be that the people even
of our own race, upon the Atlantic and Pacific
shores, will consider their interests the same?
When they come to differ, what power is there
here to hold the latter, with a population
equal to that of the southern States, in case
of a rupture? With the introduction of a for-
eign element, with the insane attempt to fuse
down dissimilar and heterogeneous races in our
national crucible, how long will it be till we
shall find causes of quarrel that are irremedi-
able, and coercion and reunion impossible?
Settle theprecedent thatthe American " Cassar
with a Senate at his-heels" may pass beyond
the boundaiie-s of our own dominions, and
beyond those of foreign Powers, to truck and
traffic in provinces and kingdoms at his own
mere will—-accept the Slavic doctrine that has
been enunciated here, in the very House of the
people, and there are no limits to his power, or
our responsibility in this direction. If he can
buy Russian America without our consent, he
may purchase Siberia, and China, and Hindos-
tan, and the boundaries of our Republic are
determinable only by his will. If he may en-
gage us for ten millions here he may engage
us for a thousand millions for the same purpose
elsewhere. The Queen of England cannot do
these things in the face of the great principle
that the control of the public purse belongs to
the Commons. Shame on the Representative
in a free Republic, who would abdicate his trust
and his power over the public moneys, by lay-
ing them down at the feet of any Executive!
If these things can be done in a case of the
first impression, where there is so little to
tempt, where the subject of purchase is so
notoriously worthless that it is impossible even
to construct a respectable argument in its sup-
port, where there was no intelligible reason for
the act, and the condition of the country abso-
lutely forbade it, where the whole management
of the affair was notoriously reckless and inde-
cent, and so obviously intended to conclude
the House, and where the Administration itself
which conducted it, had so entirely lost the con-
fidence of the country, it is impossible_ to im-
agine another case in which the same thing will
not be repeated. Precedents such as these
become laws for future cases. When the
chairman of the committee is asked where he
finds authority in the Constitution to purchase
and annex foreign territory, he very coolly
answers that he finds it in the policy of-the
nation. The rule of the statesman is obsta
principiis. The first lapse from virtue is al-
ways fatal. To suppose that its repetition can
be restrained by a mere verbal protest, is to
deal with the subject not like statesmen, but
like children. I had hoped and believed that
there was a special providence in the facts to
which I have referred. If they, however, are
not sufficient to save us in a House so strongly
Republican, and in a financial condition so
embarrassing as ours, then I can only say God
save the country, for man has failed us again 1
But then it is urged, in default of all other
argument, that although the bargaie was an
improper one, and although Congress has the
right to inquire into the expediency of making
the necessary appropriations to carry into effect
a treaty made by the President and Senate, and
to refuse the money if it be found in conflict
with the fundamental principles, purposes, and
even interests of this Government, itwouldhave
the aspect of bad faith in the eyes of the world
to assert that right after possession taken by
the Executive, and would probably give offense
to the emperor of all the R,ussias, who lias
testified his good-will to us by adhering to his
treaty stipulations during our recent troubles,
when the two leading and rival Powers of west-
ern Europe were violating theirs.
This is, perhaps, the poorest and most un-
worthy of all the arguments that have been
employed to force this indefensible contract
upon the nation. It was intended, of course,
only for the weak and the cowardly. It could
hardly have been expected to move anybody
else. To say that it would be acting in bad faith
to assert a right that the Constitution gives us,
and which is essential to its own preservation, is
to affirm that the Constitution is not to be our
rule, and that fidelity to our oaths, and to the
people who sent us here, is bad faith to some-
body outside, whose feelings or wishes or in-
terests are to be consulted at the expense of
disloyalty to them, which, if any offense at ail,
is but a venial one. I do.not so rate my obli-
gations. My duties are to the people who sent
ine here, and not to the emperor of Russia;
and I am a stranger to that code of political
ethics which would compel me to prefer him
to my country. Duty under the Constitution
is but the correlative of right. I f that author-
ise™ me to inquire into the expediency of
