1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend made a mis-
take. He said we had reduced the tax on
petroleum to two and a half per cent. It is
thirty-three per cent, still.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am speaking of reducing
it just one half of what it was. That is what
I meant.
Mr. SHERMAN. But you spoke of reducing
it to two and a half per cent. I thought 3'ou
had fallen into the impression that it was only
live per cent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no. Imeanttohave
said reducing it one half from what it was be-
fore. That is precisely what my amendment
proposes to do as to all other articles, many of
which are just as necessary to life as petroleum,
and many of which are no more necessary;
that is to say, the great mass of the articles that
are manufactured and consumed in the country
and that enter to a considerable degree into the
reasonable necessities of every man. They are
used everywhere. The salt of the salt works of
New York is used in every family. The tax upon
that is distributed among all classes of the com-
munity. This bill proposes to take it off en-
tirely. That is as well able to bear this tax as
many other articles that the people consume.
A man can almost as well in these days of in-
telligence go without his light in his parlor or
sitting-room or kitchen at night as he can
without the salt that seasons his food—perhaps
not quite so well, but almost.
Mr. GRIMES. And, besides, we have pro-
tected that to the amount of one hundred and
sixty per cent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Especially, as my friend
from Iowa suggests, when salt is so largely
protected as it is already. But both of them
I am willing to treat as necessities, necessary
to the use of the great body of the community;
and the tax, therefore, upon that description
of article is distributed upon the great body
of the community, and hence it is much more
lightly felt than the taxes imposed otherwise.
So it is with boots and shoes. Everybody
wears boots and shoes; and yet you take off
the tax entirely. And yet still, to use again
this illustration as to petroleum, which is just
as great a necessity, you insist upon keeping
a very heavy tax upon that.
Now. what is right? Do we desire to pro-
duce a deficiency? My friend from New York
hardly maintains that. He looked upon it as
one of the mitigating circumstances of the evil
of a deficiency that it might bring men to their
senses, when, if brought to their senses, they
would find themselves at the bottom of the pit.
Mr. President, T shall say 110 more, because
I do not wisli to occupy the time of the Senate
in more than stating these propositions. It
appears to me that the only true process that
we can adopt is to keep our expenditures and
our receipts in a relation to each other where
they will touch; and in order to do that we
must impose taxation as equally as possible;
because so far taxation is necessary, and so
far the safety and honor and credit and pros-
perity of the country require it. The country,
in my judgment, will be much more deeply in-
jured by reducing taxation to that point where
we iind ourselves growing poorer and poorer
as a nation and Government, find ourselves
owing more at the end of the year than we did
at the beginning, than it will be by imposing
a wholesome burden upon the people every
year, requiring them to contribute to keep
themselves and their country out of debt, and
so out of-anj' further dishonor.
And again, Mr. President, speaking of the
details which this amendment will cover, my
friend from Missouri [Mr. IIexdeesox] re-
minds me that we have taken the tax off all
sorts of carriages—common carriages were not
the subject of taxation before—farm wagons,
and I believe some other species of vehicles ;
but the tax on carriages is now entirely re-
moved by this bill as it stands ; and the man
who rides on Pennsylvania avenue in his
eoacli-and-four, or his coach-and-two, or what-
ever it may be. pays nothing upon that, al-
though we 'all know that the tax upou good
carriages comes out of the consumer; at least
on the last one I bought I am quite sure it did,
and I think other gentlemen will find it to be
so; and yet nothing is to be paid for them.
So, Mr. President, I am again reminded by
my friend who is familiar with all these details,
for I only proceed upon general principles,
photographs are now entirely exempted,which
are an article of luxury certainly—a pleasant
thing to have, but a thing that a poor man can
do without, and to a large degree does do with-
out. They are made entirely free, while his
light is taxed, and while the country is to be
poorer at the end of the year than it is now, so
far as the state of its public debt is concerned.
Mr. President, is this a safe course of legis-
lation to enter upon? Is our virtue to be so
sorely tried at the end of the year as this
species of legislation certainly seems intended
to try it? Shall we expose ourselves a year
hence to the temptation of going still further
in the same direction when we find ourselves
with a deficit of what I predict will be at least
$25,000,000, with the legal tenders at a much
lower depredation than they are now, which
will be a necessary consequence of that, and
everybody clamorous for some other method
than taxation and a return to the true valua-
tion of things as the means of redress and
remedy? No, Mr. President; it may be use-
ful to those who wish to appeal to what are
called the Democratic instincts of the country
to reduce taxation to nothing, regardless of
what your necessities are ; it may be expedi-
ent, possibly, for those who believe that the
only way to meet Democratic doctrine is by
adopting it, to enter upon such a course of
legislation as this. But it is one which, in my
judgment, is so injurious to the interest and
prosperity 'of the country that I cannot, for one,
let it pass without saying so, and without pro-
posing what appears to me will be a just mean
between the evil to which we are likely to
come and the present high rate of taxation
that seems to be unnecessary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. CONNESS. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 32 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Edmunds, Fesscnden,
Fowler, Grimes, Norton, Pomcroy, Trumbull, Wil-
liams, and Yates—10.
NAY S—M-cssrs. Buckalew,Camcron, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Cole, Colliding, Oonness, Davis, Dixon, Drake,
Ferry, Frelinghuysen, Henderson, Hendricks, How-
ard, Howe, Johnson, MeUreery, Morgan, Morrill of
Maine, Nye, Patterson of Now Hnmp.-hire, Ramsey,
lioss. Sherman. Sumner, Tipton, Van Winkle, Vict-
ors, Wade, Willcy, and Wilson—o2.
ABSENT—Messrs. Baj aid, Coibctt, Cragin, Doo-
little, Harlan, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Patter-
son of Tennessee, Saul.-bury, Sprague, Stewart, and
Thayer—12.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As there seems to be
an apprehension that there may be a deficiency
in the Treasury next year from this reduction
of taxes, I propose an amendment which 1
think will bring an additional revenue into the
Treasury, and I shall hope, at least, to have
the support of my friend from Ohio. I offer
this amendment as an additional section :
And be it further cnactcd, That on and alter the
1st da.y of Apiil,l<<l3S,m lieu ol' thodaty now imposed,
lucre shall be levied, collected, and paid, in the man-
ner now provided bylaw, a duty of one dollar per
gallon for first proot upon spirits,other than.brandy,
manufactured or distilled Ii'om grain or other ma-
terials.
I do not propose to take up any time in dis-
cussing this matter. The amendment is un-
derstood by every member of the Senate on
its reading. We all know that very great
frauds have been practiced upon the country
by the manufacturers and dealers in whisky,
and that the revenue derived from that article
has not been what was anticipated. We know
that whisky has been sold all through the
country during the last year at less than the
amount of the tax. The tax is so large, the
inducement to avoid it is so great, that men
will run the hazard of manutaeturiug it, and
bringing it upon the market without paying
the tax to such an extent that, they have suc-
ceeded in selling it for less than the amount
of the tax. A reduction of this tax has_ been
recommended by various officers, and in my
judgment the revenue will be increased by its
reduction. I think it will be better for all
interests that we should reduce the tax. I
would be willing to put it down to fifty cents,
but at all events we should reduce it to one
dollar a gallon. I think that reduction would
increase the revenue, would diminish fraud,
and would not increase intemperance. My
friend from California [Mr. Coxness] sug-
gests. in a side remark, that it belongs to the
next bill. This is the very bill on which we
are reducing taxes upon other articles, and
why not upon this ? It seems to me this is the
very bill upon which to put it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want to detain
the Senate by any discussion of the whisky
tax except to say that this subject is being
carefully considered by the committees of the
two Houses. The rate fixed by the Senator
from Illinois is the rate that I advocated and
voted for when the tax was raised, but it is
now two dollars a gallon. It is a very doubt-
ful proposition whether we can reduce it. It
is stated in the newspapers, and I presume cor-
rectly, that the Committee of Ways and Means
of the other House have determined to main-
tain it at two dollars, and are providing very
stringent machinery to collect the tax. But
at any rate it is not the rate of tax that fixes
the amount collected; it is the machinery of
collection. Heretofore the frauds have been
practiced on the revenue by getting hold of the
whisky in its process from the still to the
market, and getting it in the nature of free
whisky without paying tax.
The committees are now engaged in all sorts
of investigations with a view to collect that, if
possible. It may be a very difficult task. The
English people had the same trouble for a
length of time, and finally they put on such
heavy fees in the nature of lieensc taxes as to
confine the distillation of spirits to very few
distilleries. If my memory is correct there
are only fourteen distilleries in England and
some fifty or sixty in Ireland; at any rate, there
are comparatively few. My own belief is that
the best way is to put a very severe license tax
or special tax on the business, so as to confine
the distilleries to a few places and large estab-
lishments where they can be properly managed.
Perhaps no way could be devised so efficient
as fbr the Government itself to undertake,
through proper agents, to manufacture the
proper amoiint of whisky. _
But all that leads me aside from the ques-
tion now. It is manifest that any provision
upon this subject must embrace a multitude
of details in order to collect the tax, which we
have not now the time to discuss. The Sen-
ator may be assured of one thing, that before
this session closes wo shall have a bill before
the Senate on this subject, and I think this
matter ought to be left until then, without our
committing ourselves in any way upon it
now. The question ought to be left open, so
that the mind of each Senator may be unem-
barrassed by any committal now, to decide the
question of the rate of taxation when we furnish
the machinery necessary to collect the tax.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend tiie amend-
ment by striking out all after the enacting
clause of the section proposed by the Senator
from Illinois, and inserting:
That from and after the 00th day of Juno next
there shall bo paid by the distiller on whisky of any
proof fifty cents for each and every gallon thereafter
distilled, and no more.
Mr. President, it was well suggested by the
honorable chairman of the Committee oil
Finance that the system of collection ought to
be simplified to prevent fraud. My proposition
requires that the duty on whisky shall be paid
at the distillery and: by the distiller. That
obviates the necessity of any other officers
than an assessor and a collector. It piovides
that the amount shall be collected on whisky
