30X6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
again be submitted to the people, and as the
House of Representatives have thought by
passing such a bill as to Alabama, then to do
that instead of loading this bill with this extra-
neous difficulty which does not belong to it.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I will not
occupy time. The proposition of the Senator
which he undertook to sustain I undertake to
say is totally untenable. He insists that he
has the right here, and that I and others have
the right, to have separate propositions to vote
upon. What is legislation, sir, but a compro-
mise of opinions? I desire to present a bill
here On a given subject. I give it mature con-
sideration. I prepare it to fit that subject
exactly according to my mind and its best
reflections. I introduce that bill. It is re-
ferred to a committee; it is there changed by
the stamp of other minds. It is then brought
into the Senate; it is here again changed by
the stamp of other minds; and finally I vote
for it though it be different entirely from the
form in which I prepared it according to my
best judgment. And, sir, if you wait until you
get a proposition of any kind to fit the mind
and judgment of every Senator, you would
■wait forever and there would be no legislation.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, every
Senator concedes that according to the law the
constitution of Alabama was rejected by the
people; that the effect of the vote of the people
under the law was to reject it. Now, the prop-
osition is to admit the State, that rejection to
the contrary notwithstanding. It is the simple
naked proposition that the law on that subject
was no law and that it does not bind the judg-
ment or the conscience of the Senate. I think
this is a very singular position for the Senate
to assume first after the close of an impeach-
ment trial when the President of the United
States was called in question and put upon his
trial upon the charge of disregarding law. Let
me ask this question of Senators: suppose the
reconstruction law had provided that upon the
ratification of a constitution by the vote of the
people according to the law the President
should declare the State admitted; and sup-
pose, according to the law, the vote as it stood
rejected the constitution, and then the President
had issued a proclamation declaring that the
State was admitted, what would you say to the
President? You would say to him, " This is
the law; it was obligatory upon you ; it bound
you; we will prosecute you before the Senate
and before the judgment of the country for
proclaiming a constitution to have been agreed
to by the people when it stood rejected accord-
ing to law." And yet the Senate may disre-
gard the law, plain and palpable, and it stands
as the judgment of the Senate that that was no
law, provided Alabama be now admitted.
I intended to say just this much. I do not
intend to discuss the merits of Alabama or its
demerits. There are features in its constitution
that ought, perhaps, to be discussed. Those
features that give representation in the Legis-
lature in larger proportion to those parts of the
State where the negro population is dense and
in smaller proportion to those parts where the
white population predominates ought to receive
the attention of the Senate. The provisions
that require a man to swear that lie will not
disturb by any action of his in the future the
right of voting before he shall be allowed to
vote himself; that the citizen, in regard to the
institutions of his State, shall tie his hands
first by oath before he is allowed to vote, in my
opinion ought to be considered. But promi-
nent and above all is the proposition that you
admit the State with this constitution, notwith-
standing her rejection of it, according to the
law that you enacted, the declaration by Con-
gress ; that an act upon which the stamp of law
was placed was really no law; and that not by
.a modification, not by a repeal, but by a disre-
gard of it in regard to acts done while it was
understood to be in force.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, I suppose
it will be in order for those of us who have not
said a word to make a few remarks. The
speech of the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Hendricks,] as he started out, would give us
to understand that Congress had no right to
repeal or modify any of its laws.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not say that. I
said expressly that this was not a repeal or
modification ; hut a disregard of the law.
Mr. CRAGIN. I say that the Senator started
out in the way I stated, but before he got
through he made the suggestion that he now
alludes to. It occurs to me that cases similar
to this have happened repeatedly. Congress
has often passed what are known as enabling
acts, requiring Territories to do certain things
in order that they might be admitted as States,
and when they have come here presenting
their constitutions frequently they have failed
to comply entirely and specifically with the
law, and yet Congress in its discretion has
admitted those States, notwithstanding the law
had not been complied with in every particu-
lar. We may now change our minds upon
that subject; we may say that they have so
nearly complied, and the circumstances are
such that it is better that the State be received
than that it be kept out. To my mind, if ten
thousand men in Alabama had come to the
polls and voted against this constitution, thereby
complying with the law, making a majority of
the registered votes, the constitution would
not have come here with one particle more
moral force or power than it now comes with,
nor would that people be better prepared to
assume the responsibilities of a State govern-
ment and to carry it on than they are now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Suppose eighty thousand
had gone and voted against it?
Mr. CRAGIN. That is not supposable. It
is known in this case that the opponents of
the constitution, the rebels as they are called,
believed that they could more certainly defeat
this constitution by staying away from the polls.
They determined to do that themselves and
also to keep away others, to keep away all that
they could who would vote for it. That policy
prevailed ; and they did according to the law
defeat the constitution. I admit it; but to my
mind, under all the circumstances, it is better
for Congress now to waive that part of the law
and admit this State, when we all know that a
very large percentage of the people have voted
for the adoption of this constitution; and there
is no Senator within the sound of my voice who
does not believe that if this State had voted
under the amended law under which all the
other States have voted, by which a majority
of those voting could control, this constitution
would have been adopted by a large majority.
There is no Senator on this floor who does not
privately believe that the constitution would
have been adopted if men had come up to the
polis instead of staying away.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Permit me to make a
remark to my friend?
Mr. CRAGIN. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ought to say, in reply
to that very point, that I was myself in favor,
early in January, of changing the law so as to
allow a majority of those voting to decide, and
I think some other members of the committee
were also; but it was represented to some of
us by influential friends in Alabama, some who
had been elected to office, that it would not do
to make that change, because the majority
would be the wrong way. They thought it
would be fairly produced, to be sure; but they
were afraid that would be the result.
Mr. CRAGIN. The same thing was said in
reference to the other States. It was said
when the amendatory bill was passed that we
should lose the constitution in every one of
these States, but the demonstration is the other
way  
Mr. EDMUNDS. I agree to that.
Mr. CRAGIN. The experiment has shown
that every one of them that has acted has
adopted the constitution. Alabama would have
done the same thing by more than thirty thou-
sand majority, I have not the least doubt, if
the amendatory law had prevailed there.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to make one re-
mark, as the remarks of the Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Csiagis] ga upon the record
of our proceedings, that, his argu m ent. in the main
particular is misconceived. He says, true, the
law was as contended for by the Senator from
Indiana: true, we now propose to disregard
that law ; but Congress unquestionably has a
right, and a reasonable right, to dispense with
a condition which it required. It is very true
that a condition reserved in a former law on
behalf of Congress itself, inuring to its advan-
tage or in reservation of its power over a sub-
ject, may be dispensed with. I agree to all
that; I assent to his argument thus far; but
the Senator fails to perceive that what is now
proposed is that this law shall be dispensed
with and set aside against the interest and
against the right of the people of Alabama.
T^ey were parties to this legislation; they
were mainly interested in it; and when they
acted under it, tbe good faith of this Govern-
ment was pledged to them that that law should
take effect precisely as it was drafted. You
cannot repeal that law now. Why ? Bccause
it is executed; because proceedings have taken
place under it. It is beyond the an: hority or
power of Congress to undo what has been,
done. We cannot reverse history. All that
we can do is to make provisions which will be
prospective and take effect hereafter. But as
to a law which has expended its force, as to
a law under proceedings have taken place, it is
impossible for us to change the law in regard
to the past; we can only make a new provision
which shall take effect in the future; and in the
presentcase oij.what ground do we stand? In
substance, when we get to the heart of this
question, it is proposed by act of Congress to
establish a constitution for the State of Ala-
bama, and to impose it upon her people for all
future time until they shall think proper to
change it.
I say, then, that the condition we dispense
with, that this setting aside of the law, that this
waiver of a condition or of a provision of the
law, is not a power which was reserved to Con-
gress itself; it is not a waiver of our right, of
our privilege, or of our power, but it is an
attempt by us to waive rights under that law
which vested in the people of Alabama, and
which they only can surrender, which we can-
not surrender for them or waive for them at
all. You are attempting to set up by act of
Congress a constitution for a State ; it is im-
posed upon that people by your will; it has no
other legal foundation and no other legal char-
acter.
But, sir, I do not care to go into this debate.
I only rose, as the argument of the Senator
from New Hampshire is going out in our pub-
lished proceedings, to point out the fallacy,
the absui-dity of reasoning into which that Sen-
ator, usually so acute and so accurate m his
logic, had fallen.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I rise, sir, to
notice a remark of the Senator from Indiana,
which is, that we are about to admit Alabama
in violation of this law. If I thought so I
should not vote for it; but as I do not think
so, of course my vote will turn upon other
considerations. It is a violation of this statute,
according to|hc Senator's notions, because he
says it is clear, conceded, that the constitution
has not received a majority of the registered
voters there. That is the proposition. If that
were the only provision in the statute, and the
whole subject were made to turn precisely on
thatproposition, thenlshould say that thestate-
ment of the honorable Senator was correct;
but that is not the whole. There are five distinct
propositions in this statute, every one af which
must be made to appear to the satisfaction of
Congress before the State is to be entitled to
admission. The fundamental proposition in
this section is not that a majority of the regis-
tered voters shall vote. That is not the idea
which underlies the statute. This statute,
together with the other statutes on the same
subject, undertakes to provide for the forma-
tion of constitutions for those States ; and upon
what idea? After giving the terms and con- .
ditions on which they should proceed, it waa
