492
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 9,
Ho. of Eeps.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Williams.
40th Co?tg....2d Sess.
voting money, whether the object is within the
scope of the treaty power, or whether it is in
conflict with the principles, purposes, or in-
terests of the Government, then it makes it my
imperative duty to make the inquiry, and vote
accordingly, and I cannot escape the responsi-
bility by shifting the burden upon the shoulders
of the President and Senate. Nor does the
act of the President,done without my authority,
amount either to a waiver or an estoppel. I
may debar myself in equity from the assertion
of a right which is ray own. I may be estopped
perhaps by the act of my own private agent,
when he is acting within the scope of his
authority. I know, as a lawyer, no principle that
will give to the acts of a' public one that sort
of virtue or efficacy. Those who deal with him
are bound to look to the letter of his author-
lly- . the President has overstepped the line
of his duty by prematurely asking and obtain-
ing possession of the territory against all prece-
dent and all decency, and for a fraudulent pur-
pose, that is no fault of ours, if even the
action of Congress itself could be taken as a
waiver in any case. The emperor of Russia
knew, or was bound to know, that the treaty
was not perfected, and was not even a law to
our courts, under the interpretation which the
Constitution hud already received from them,
lie could not but have known that the object
was a fraudulent one. If he has assisted the
President m his shameful device, when the
purpose was so obviously to place the Govern-
ment in a-position where timid men might find
an apology, and dishonest ones a pretext for
ignoring a solemn duty, and where he was him-
self so largely interested in palming off on us
at a great price a worthless and burdensome
property, then he has placed himself, by the
collusion, in the attitude of aparticeps crimi-
nv;, and so far from being allowed to profitby
the joint fraud, has furnished a conclusive
reason for the repudiation of the whole trans-
faction, Sid made himself obnoxious to the very
imputation of bad faith which is now threat-
ened and apprehended here, by his so dealing
with Congress and the people of the United
btates; and instead of ratifying the act, we
should ratSier have censured him, and im-
peached the President and Secretary both.
I do not intend to say that the emperor of
Russia was personally conusant of the fraud-
ulent intention, or capable of doing what the
present, Administration would have no scru-
ples about itself, while it would be a great
stretch of charity, and no compliment to the
shrewdness or tact of his embassador here, to
suppose that he could have been ignorant of
tnefact that the treaty was unpalatable to the
naiion, and that its execution must depend
on the assent of Congress. But whether the
emperor of Russia was informed or not, is a
question only between his minister and him-
self.
But then it is insisted that he is a friend i
that in our darkest hour ho kept faith, if he did
not sympathize with us, while the great Pow-
ers_ of England and France were contriving
and conspiring for our destruction. Nay, it
is even more than hinted here, that, we owe
our preservation to the fact that his fleet ap-
peared at a critical time in our waters; and
upon these considerations it is urged that it
would be ungracious to offend him, and better
to take the risk of the destruction of this
(xovernmeut, by a departure from i!s tradi-
tional policy, and even a violation of its Con-
stitution, than to do anything to incur the
aispleasore of so great a monarch.
Well. I admit that the contrast between the
conduct of the Czar, and that of the more en-
lightened nationsof esteru Europe, inobserv-
ing his treaty stipulations with us, was well
calculated to inspire a friendly feeling toward
him on this siue of the ocean, allhough I am
110! prep.avd to concede limt he did any more
than h>s duly, or that there was any risk of
ll'.D'tipi'.iU ieieul'iea','- he,e, unl-ssit wjs stK-h 1
as was invited by the pusillanimous and unmanly
tone of the instructions of our own Secretary
of State to the nation's representatives abroad.
I am rather surprised, however, that gentle-
men claiming to be statesmen, should be ready
to surrender, like so many sentimental, love-
sick school girls, to demonstrations such as
these. Do they really believe that the em-
peror of all the Russias, .the absolute lord and
master of more than sixty million slaves, is
so smitten with affection for the democratic
idea, that he is ready to abdicate his power,
and republieanize his realms ? Have they con-
cluded that he has been sacrificing his own
interests only for the sake of serving us? Is
the article of good faith among nations so rare,
that it is to be purchased and paid for at such
a price—that we must allow ourselves to be
cheated, and swindled, and revolutionized to
testify our gratitude for its observance? Allow
me to say to these unfledged statesmen, that
there are no sentimental relations between
nations. The Emperor of Russia has only con-
sulted his own interests in cultivating friendly
relations with the great Republic of the west-
ern hemisphere. He wants it as a counter-
poise, as any one may see who understands
the long settled policy of the European Powers
in maintaining a just balance amongst them-
selves to his ambitious rivals ofthe West,for the
same reasons precisely that Prance herself at
an early day lent her assistance to detach us
from the British empire, and build up a rival
here to the boasted mistress of the seas. With-
out seaports himself, ever to make of his do-
minions a great maritime Power, he knows
and feels that there is a Power here, that can
hold his rivals both in check, and dispute with
both, if necessary, the empire of the seas.
As the leading territorial Power of the east-
ern hemisphere, with few, if any, points of
contact or of conflict with us, and too remote
and powerful to be jealous of us, or fearful of
the contagion of our example, he has no ob-
jection to divide with us the empire of the
world, so as to make America all republican,
provided Europe and Asia can be made all
Cossack. The statesman who supposes that
he would either quarrel with us on a question
like this, or hesitate to quarrel, or eveu assist
in breaking up our Government, if he should
find his interest in doing so, is but an appren-
tice in the business of diplomacy, and knows
little of the motives that govern the conduct
of nations. But he is no greater novice than
the man who supposes that the refusal to rat-
ify this one-sided bargain would be the oc-
casion of quarrel, where it was the interest
of both to Cultivate the relations of peace.
It would be a disappointment, possibly, to lose
the opportunity of getting rid, at a high price,
of apossession that would not have been parted
with but for the reason that it, was hot only
worthless, but an absolute incumbrance to the
owner. But no, perhaps it would not be even
that. Aft-er all the important discoveries made
by the newspaper correspondents, and so liber-
ally indorsed by the honoiable chairman, of
agricultural lauds, and timber, and mines of
the precious metals, the emperor who sold
in blissful ignorance all these things, will, of
course, be glad to get it. all back again. If he
should want to sell, however, the gentleman
from Ohio, F M r. AIcngkx,! who bids so largely
for our votes, stands ready tn offer him a
large advance upon the property, which he
may then secure, in absolute dominion, as a
field for philosophical experiments in Democ-
racy and ethnology. There is scope enough
there for a genius like that of the Abbe Sieves,
or even for an ambition like that of Dr. Fran-
cia, the dictator of Paraguay. Bat should he
make default upon his bond, and even the puff
of the honorable chairman fail to bring the
nations of the world as bidders at the*great
territorial auction, the emperor will by no
worse oif than he was before. It will only be
turned over again, as heretofore, like the
islands of the Arctic sea, to the solitude to
which it is forever destined by its inhospitable
shores, and -its intemperate skies, as a habita-
tion only for the Polar bear and the Arctic fox,
the reindeer and the walrus.
Bat whether the emperor is disappointed or
not, or what the world may think of it, is no
question for an American statesman, and no
reason for either squandering the money of
the people, or imperiling the life of the nation.
I can hoiior the sensibility that shrinks from
the imputation of bad faith, while I cannot
respect either the gross infidelity, or the un-
manly fear, that would sacrifice the permanent
welfare of a great nation to propitiate an abso-
lute monarch, or even to avoid the hazard of
a foreign war. What the-world may think of
it is of no consequence to us, so long as we
enjoy the proud consciousness that we are faith-
ful to our own Constitution, and the true in-
terests of our own people. Thank God! we
do not live on the opinion of the world, as it is
clear that we cannot satisfy it. It holds to us no
good-will, and accords to us no justice. When
we tolerated slavery it reproached us with an
affectation ofpioushorrorforthe crime. When
slavery sought our national life,-and we strug-
gled to save ourselves, by shaking it from our
embrace, it conspired to preserve it, by dismem-
bering and destroying us. There is one thing,
however, which the diplomatic world will think,
and that is, that we are great simpletons to "
hesitate about the repudiation of such a con-
tract upon considerations such as these.
But the honorable chairman urges in the
conclusion of his report, as one of the many
curious reasons he has to offer in support of
this purchase, the great fact that "it concen-
trated the power of Russia1' and extends our
own, so that we shall " soon together span the
entire globe."
The emperor of Russia will, no doubt, feel
infinitely obliged to the honorable chairman
for such an unexpected testimonial of sympa-
thy inhis well-known schemes for universal
dominion ; and not the less, I suppose, in view
of the fact, that as a member of the Republican
Congress of America, he is not unwilling that
we shall vote a subsidy in aid of the scheme,
by paying the expenses of this menacing con-
centration out of our own Treasury. What the
American people will say, however, to the
contemplated partnership with the descendant
of the spoiler of Poland, for the partition ofthe
wond between us, and how they will feel at the
idea of being taxed so largely in order to the
consolidation of such an overshadowing des-
potism, is another question. Should they be
even persuaded, however, that it is a good
thing forthe cause of republicanism throughout
the globe, to build up a colossat power, that
shall shake down the constitutional monarchies
of Europe, and make one man the autocratand
master of the half of it, yet as reasonable
logicians they will not be unlikely to inquire
of the honorable committee, how it is that while
they propose to augment the power of Russia
by concentration, they hope to strengthen our
own by the very opposite process of extension
and diffusion. If they see the advantage to
her of abandoning a detached, outlying, and
remote possession, as asourceof weakness and
not of strength, the people who sent them
here, will very naturally desire to know how we
are to be advantaged by assuming the owner-
snip under the _same_ objections, and why we
snould pay_this imperial favorite for the privi-
lege of relieving him from the burden, and
committing the same admitted blunder in policy
oniselves.
1 pa?s over the telegraphic reasons that are
assigned in lavor of this acquisition, although
they invite a criticism that would no: be amiss
if there were time to indulge in it : but there
is one other argument that figures conspic-
uously in the general summary of the report,
which is so eccentric and significant, and withal
suggestive, as to challenge a special notice; and
