608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
twenty million souls, at a time when the world
was not very populous, composed of twenty mil-
lion citizens, forty million provincials, and
sixty million slaves, made up of jarring, inhar-
monious elements, it was never a unit, never
a crystal, but an immense conglomerate, held
together by no sufficient centralizing affinity,
and falling to pieces very soon after it had
reached the maximum of its dimensions. Had
the Roman statesmen known and observed
the law of healthful and natural growth, it is
very conceivable that the ten dark ages might
have had no place in the world's history,
and that the civilization of Christendom might
have beeu some centuries in advance of what
it is to-day; for upon that supposition, it is
eminently probable that the Roman State
would have nourished in growing greatness
and power during those very ages when
it lay prostrate, dismembered, and whelmed
in barbarism; and it is possible that the
great intellectual impulse of the sixteenth
century would have taken place several ages
earlier, and conducted society to a point at
this very hour which it will not attain lor ages
to come. Natural law is too strong for dis-
obedient nations, as it is for disobedient men;
and nothing is more certain than that the real
greatness of a nation may be impaired and
civilization retarded by that raw, shallow, and
heedless greed, which, in the name of progress,
endangers unity in the hungry and premature
pursuit of bulk.
When I consider the application of this
natural law to the present condition of our
own Republic I am perfectly clear that the
well-being of the nation loudly and impera-
tively demands a period of rest from territorial
growth, during which it may harmonize its
jarring and hostile elements, restore its crip-
pled industries, complete its great channels of
intercommunication, and unity itself by build-
ing up in the hearts of its people that amor
pairice which such immense numbers of them
have lost. And I declare, sir, that these great
objects, all of them vital, all of them exigent
and urgent and lying next our hand, are large
enough to employ all the capital, all the labor,
all the intellect, all the patriotism and moral
force that now are or will be in the Republic for
several decades to come; and that, too, with a
return of results a thousand times more profit-
able and necessary to the country than can
come of any untimely investments in wild,
desolate, detached territorial acquisitions.
Properly considered we have now no spare
money, no spare force of any sort to expend
upon such extraneous enterprises, and we
shall violate natural law to our hurt by so
doing. All our power, all our means, all the
life-force we have may not only be well em-
ployed, but are absolutely necessary to the
grand and overshadowing object of making
wieldy our already immense domain, and
making homogeneous and national our dis-
cordant and embittered people. This done,
there will then be a natural, safe, and reason-
able basis for further extension. The nation
can then grow forth in compact integrity,
having first assimilated to itself all it now
holds, and being thus enabled, it may be, to
assimilate, at appropriate stages of expansion,
all the outlying domain atid adjacent islands
of the continent. But until this preliminary
work of unification shall be accomplished all
schemes of expansion must be as ridiculous
in fact, and as absurd in reason, as would be
the spectacle of a strippling of tender years
staggering under the mail of Achilles and
whining for a larger harness and a heavier
lance. Great as our people is, prodigious as
its recent performance has been, it is indeed
a mere stripling when viewed in relation to
the vast physical area over which it is dis-
tributed.
Look, sir, at those ten States, extending wide
and far from this capital to the Mexican Gulf
and the Rio Grande. Territorially considered,
a fair-sized empire in themselves; salubrious
in climate, generous in soil, abounding in min-
erals, and admirably watered; yet how pros-
trate, how desolate, how defective in commu-
nication, how sparsely peopled and undevel-
oped in every respect! withal, how alien to
the great ideas of nationality and liberty which
have recently carried the Republic triumph-
antly through its terrible struggle for life I
In the name of all that is reasonable I declare
that here is not only room but loud cry for an ;
immense portion of every sort of reformingand
recuperative energy the nation possesses. Look ;
at that great Northwest, extending from the
Ohio river over a teeming soil and vast natural
meadows far beyond the dancing Minnehaha,
and the ever-sounding falls of St. Anthony—a .
region that will not be over-peopled when it 1
alone shall contain double the present popu-
lation of the entire Republic. Look at that
still larger and all but unpeopled expanse,
stretching away nearly two thousand miles over
plain, mountain, and plateau, from the great
river to the Pacific ocean—containing vast
areas of physical conformation, representa-
tive alike of Europe, Asia, and America, and
whose central solitudes have not yet been
startled by the whistle of the locomotive or
vexed by the hand of civilization. Reflect upon
the defective intercommunication of this truly
immense domain; think of the great road-
trunks north and south, and the other great
trunks east and west, branching in a hundred
directions and gleaming with Bessemer steel,
which will be needed as one of the indispensa- ;
ble means of permanently holding so great a
territory together. That shrewd remark of
Tallyrand, that America was a giant without
bones, is still in a very great measure true.
In addition to all this, reflect upon the ten-
dency of widely differing climates to invade
the nationality of a people. Reflect upon the
.fact that here in these States have recently met
and blended into a composite, resembling a (
chemical mixture rather than a chemical com-
pound, well-nigh all the races of Europe, Asia,
and Africa.. Reflect upon the fact that these j
exotic races of which our nation is composed
have not yet entered into harmonious rapport
with the continent to which they have been
transplanted. Reflect upon the fact that the
diverse, contrasted, antagonizing elements of
our national life have not yet been subjected
to the harmonizing influence of a system of
national education. Reflect upon the fact that
the recent civil war was stern notice that the
present human contents of the Republic, left
to their own inclination, were ready to explode
into fragments, and that the order we now
have comes not of choice, but of a hundred
battles and the sacrifice of a half million lives.
Reflect upon the fact that the great fruits of
this terrible conflict—stable nationality and
equal liberty—are still in jeopardy, and that
the loyal masses of the Republic, whose cour-
rage and endurance have already gauged the
high-watermark of human history, must make
one more united and triumphant effort before
we can be assured that the bloody sacri-
fice which has made our Republic the monu-
mental sufferer of the nations has indeed saved
to it that nationality for which its heroes have
died. Reflect upon the fact that the nation
feels the mighty and exhaustive strain to which
it has been subjected by the war ; that it feels
the great debt it has to carry and the heavy
taxes it has to pay; that, like a lacerated
living organism, it takes intuitive notice of
its condition, calls for a period of repose,
recuperation, retrenchment, economy, and,
wiser than some of its servants, gives no sign
whatever of any present inclination to increase
the tension upon its life and the burden of its
taxation both now and permanently, by extend-
ing its dominions under the Polar star.
Sir, in view of all these considerations, and
others tending to alike result, which I omit for
brevity, it appears to me that no folly could
mount higher or sink lower or be more mis-
chievous than the folly of entering upon a new
career of territorial expansion at this time and
under the existing condition of the country.
But if anything could intensify this folly it
would be the circumstance of commencing the
process at a point four degrees and twenty
minutes north of the Arctic circlc.
Tell me not that upon the acquisition of
Russian America you will stay your hand.
The first false step involves the last. Russian
America means British America, and the logic
of that will be a southern counterpoise, com-
posed of the West Indies, Central America,
and Mexico ; and thus, if this system of policy
prevails, the life of the nation may be smoth-
ered by the enormous and crude masses which
will be flung prematurely upon it. Tell me not
that Russian America' is needed in order to aid
us in holding in our own hands the great tran-
sit highways across the continent which will
control the commerce of Eastern Asia and the
Pacific islands. These transit lines must run
south of Russian America until the globe
experiences a tilt upon its axis. Tell me not
that Russia is our good friend, and that we
must, therefore, sanction this negotiation for
her Polar possessions, whether we want them
or not, and whether their acquisition will
be injurious to us or not. I appreciate the
friendship of Rur.sia at its value, and that value
is high indeed ; but I have no sympathy what-
ever with that weak, mawkish, sickly courtesy,
which, for fear of wounding her friendship,
would abdicate the free and independent exer-
cise of American statesmanship upon a subject
deeply affecting the internal polity and well-
being of our Republic—thus, at the very most,
realizing the wisdom of the old adage by '' losing
at the bung-hole while saving at the spiggot."
Nations, like individuals, have aright to expect
that their friends will exercise good sense, and
it can give no imaginable real offense to Russia
if Congress, charged as it is with free custody
of the nations purse, and free and prevenient
custody of that great power which looks to the
enlargement of the Republic by the admission
of new States into the Union, says to her, in a
spirit of the utmost kindness and good will,
that under the existing conditions of our Re-
public the purchase and annexation of her
American possessions would ill affect the wel-
fare of our own country.
Sir, I certainly believe in historical destiny—
that complex and definite result which may be
wrought out by the freedom of the human will
acting in conjunction with that overruling
infinite Intelligence which through Natnoil
Law prescribes and upholds the stable order
of things. But I have no faith whatever in that
species of "manifest destiny" which ignores
this latter condition, which takes no notice of
natural laws, and yields itself to the blind
guidance of heedless will and unchastened
greediness. So sure as this idea of its destiny
shall take complete and permanent possession
of the Republic, so sure, in my judgment, will
its career be broken by disruption. As the
stars fought against Sisera, so nature will fight
against it. It will sacrifice its solidarity to
premature bulk. It will disintegrate from over
feeding and bad digestion.
This big, raw continent—raw in civilization,
though geologically older than its eastern sis-
ters—is too vast in extent, contains too many
differing climates and physical conditions, too
many trackless wilds and uncongenial peoples,
to be safely gulped down in the hot haste with
■which "Young America" and "manifest des-
tiny' ' would have us swallow it. Something else
is needed besides swallowing, though Young
America, rapt in the fine frenzy of his sopho-
morical spread eagle, is thoroughly ignorant
of the fact. He knows of no other phys-
iological function but that of Swallowing. God
grant that our Republic may indeed become an
ocean-bound one; but God forbid that it should
attain these immense dimensions too soon. In
the latter case the danger is imminent that we
shall break in pieces, and thus repeat here upon
this Continent the experience of Europe ; for
it is a law of all organisms, that they are
held together and made one by the unitizing
power of the life-force inhering in the organ-
ism ; and it it an inexorable corollary of this
law, peculiarly applicable to States, that when
the gross bulk of the organism outgrows the
