1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3017
that, they should be adopted by " a majority of
the qualified electors." That is the idea.in
this statute, and the fundamental idea. I will
read its words: "and if the Congress shall
be satisfied that such constitution meets the
approval of a majority of all the qualified ,
electors" in the Slates, then they are to be
admitted; not if Congress is satisfied that it
meets the approval of a majority of all the
registered voters, but a majority of all the qual-
ified voters.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What others are quali-
fied besides the registered voters ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will come to
that in a moment. I say that is the funda-
mental proposition in this act; whenever Con-
gress is satisfied that a majority of the qualified
voters approve of any one of the constitution's
here formed, then it is the duty of Congress, I
submit, to admit the State. The Senator from
Indiana says that does.not appear. Why does
it not appear ? Because he says it is clear that
a majority of the registered voters have not
voted. 1 submit to him that that is not alogical
statement of the case, nor is that a logical
deduction. If a majority of'the registered
voters had appeared, doubtless the Senator
would have found satisfactory evidence that a
a majority of the qualified voters had approved
the constitution ; but I can conceive that a
majority of the registered voters might have
voted for this constitution and still a majority
of the qualified voters not have approved it,
and we should so find because it might have
heen done in fraud ; it might have been done
by menace and threat. So this provision for
a majority of the registered voters is only a
method after all. It was a method which Con-
gress, through this statute, provided for ascer-
taining that a majority of the qualified electors
approved it.
Now, I will ask my honorable friend from
Indiana whether he would contend that if a
rnajorit}' of the registered voters had voted for
this constitution Congress was committed on
the subject so that we were then bound to
receive this State ; that there was no option ;
that it would have been in bad faith to refuse
admission? If the returns showed that a major-
ity of the registered voters had voted for this
constitution, should we be estopped ? The Sen-
ator will not contend for that. We should
go still further, and consider whetherthey had
voted fairly ; that is, whether the election had
been a fair one, whetherthey had voted under
menace, whetherthey had been bribed, whether
there had been any inducement which rendered
that apparent expression an unfair expres-
sion, not a real expression of the qualified
voters. Therefore I say it was only a method ;
we are not concluded by it; we would not
have been concluded ifthe returns had shown
that a majority of the registered voters had
voted. Congress did not intend to be con-
cluded ; we intend to look further^ and see
whether it was fairly done ; and that is one of
the propositions in the law. I'irsL the returns
sha 1 show so and so ; second, " and it it shall
appear, moreover, that the election was one at
which all the voters qualified had an opportu-
nity to vote." Does anybody pretend that they
had an opportunity? Ifthpy had notan oppor-
tunity, we surely are not concluded. Then
conies in the third proposition, which I have
dwelt upon, and which 1 say is the fundamental
idea in this statute, that Congress, after all has
been done, is to be satisfied that a majority of
the qualified electors approved the constitution:
and 1 submit that if Congress are satisfied ot
that, there is no violation of the act if the State
is admitted.
One other word and I have done. I did not
rise to discuss the question, and had not in-
tended to say a word on the subject. It is cer-
tainly the great political necessity of this coun-
try, conceded to be so on all hands, that_these
Stales should be admitted to representation in
the Congress of the United States. Our friends
on this side of the Chamber who oppose the
admission of these Slates to representation
under these constitutions are just as strenuous
as we are for their admission ; but they would
have admitted them upon other constitutions
and^ upon other grounds. There is just one
testimony here in this Senate everywhere that
these States must be admitted to representation
in the national Congress at the earliest practi-
cable moment. That is our duty. That is the
duty of the session. It is the grand political
necessity of the country that these States should
be admitted to representation here at the earli-
est practicable moment. I shall act therefore,
sir, in the presence of that necessity in the vote
I give.
I think Alabama deserves better than she
has received at our hands. I think it does not
become us to apply a different rule to Alabama
from that which we apply to the other States.
Alabama came here early. Alabama was the
first to move in the work of reconstruction.
She held out to us more encouragement of a
disposition to adopt the legislation of Congress
for her readmission than any of the other
States. In this sense I think she fairly took
the lead.
According to my recollection she came here
very early, admonishing us that if we did not
apply the rule which we have subsequently
applied to the other States, she would cer-
tainly fail. I know my honorable friend from
Vermont says he had some information on the
subject which led him to believe that some-
body, some portion of the people in Alabama,
did not desire the change ; but my information
was at a pretty early period, through sources
I thought entirely reliable, that the loyal peo-
ple of that State believed it would be a failure
if this rule so extraordinary in American poli-
tics, this rule a violation of the American prin-
ciple in politics, was applied to her. She did
not get relief, and the result has verified that
her fears were well founded.
For these reasons, Mr. President, not to
elaborate, I shall vote for Alabama in this bill.
Mr. TIPTON. When I said a few moments
ago that I desired an opportunity of express-
ing my views on this subject, I intended to
throw out a few propositions which I supposed
were an analysis of the fifth section of the
reconstruction act which has just been dis-
cussed by the Senator from Maine, and it has
been done to my satisfaction so thoroughly
that I shall not attempt a discussion of the
section at all. I simply intended to draw from
it this deduction in the language of the law :
"If the Congress shall be satisfied that such
constitution meets the approval of a majority
of all the qualified voters in the State, then the
same shall be admitted to representation;"
a>nd being satisfied that it does meet the appro-
bation of a majority of all the qualified electors,
I am ready to vote for it for that cause.
On the other point, I see no objection to
groupingall these States together. ladmitthat
heretofore we have generally, as to the Ter-
ritories, put each one separately in an enabling
act, and have admitted them as States sepa-
rately; but all these States were grouped
together, or their condition was grouped to-
gether in one common law, and if it was legiti-
mate to make a proposition to them in general
terms, I hold that it is legitimate to admit
them in one common bill.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, one
thing I think our friends who are satisfied
ought to endeavor to do for the benefit of
those who are not exactly satisfied, and that
is to state to us the basis of their satisfaction.
What is it that has appeared here before the
Senate to give such plenary satisfaction to
honorable Senators that a majority of the peo-
ple of Alabama are in favor of this constitu-
tion? It is true they have sent up their voice
to you ; you have evidence that they rejected
it by sixteen thousand majority, I think it
was; that is. it failed to receive a majority of
the votes of the qualified voters of Alabama
by sixteen thousand; and yet there is some
fountain of satisfaction opened up in this
Chamber into which honorable Senators dive
and come out clean, perfectly satisfied in their
own minds, and yet they do not deign to tell
us one simple circumstance which gives tliem
the satisfaction. They point out no evidence
to us. They are happy, perfectly happy ; but
where the grace comes from that electrifies
their souls and sets them to shooting, nobody
knows but themselves. It is a secret, magnetic
influence  
Mr. MORTON. If the Senator will allow
me, I will state one basis of the satisfaction
that prevails in the Senate Chamber. It is
that there were sixty-nine thousand six
hundred votes cast in favor of the constitution
in Alabama and only eleven hundred against it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Well, Mr. President,
that may be perfectly satisfactory to the hon-
orable Senator; but when we recollect that
under the terms of the act a majority of all the
votes was necessary to give validity to this con-
stitution, and when it is apparent to everybody,
aud everybody knows from the newspapers and
knows from mingling with the people of Ala-
bama that those opposed to it adopted the
policy of staying away so as to show their dis-
sent, that that was the plan adopted by them
to show that they did not favor the adoption
of the constitution, I do not think the satis-
faction of the honorable Senator from Indiana
can be imparted to others. He says only one
thousand voted against it. Logically, then, the
honorable Senator would suppose that there
are but one thousand persons in Alabama
opposed to this constitution. While I will not
disturb the satisfaction of honorable Senators,
while I wish them to be happy, I beg to remind
them that not only the eyes of Delaware, but
the eyes of all the people of the United States
are upon them, and they will try to discover
the real sources of this satisfaction.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pom-
eroy in the chair.) The question is on the
amendmentof the Senator from Illinois to the
amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole, which is to strike out " Alabama."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 24; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Bayard. Buckalew, Conkling, Da-
vis, Edmunds, Frelinghuysen, Hendricks, iiowe,
MeCreery, Morgan, Morrill oi Vermont, Patterson
of Tennessee, Saulsbury, Trumbull. Vickers, and
Yates—16,
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Conness, Cor-
bett, Cragin, Drake, Ferry, Harlan, MorrillofMaine,
Morton, IS ye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, lio^s, Sherman,
Stewart, Sumner, Thayer,Tipton,Van Winkle,Wade,
Willey. Williams, and Wilson—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony. Cattell. Cole, Dixon,
DooJittie, Fessenden, Fowler, Grimes, Henderson,
llowaid, Johnson, Norton, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, and Sprague—14,
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
It was to strike out all of the House bill
after the enacting clause, and in lieu thereof to
insert:
That each of the States of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and Florida
shall be entitled and admitted to representation in
Congress as a State of the Union when the Legisla-
ture of such State shall have duly ratified the amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States pro-
posed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and known as
article fourteen, upon the following iundauieiital
condition: that the constitution of neither of said
States shall ever be so amended or changed as to
deprive any citizen, or class oi citizens, ot the United
States of the right to vote in said State who are
entitled to vote by the constitution thereof, herein
rceognized, except as a punishment for such crimes
as are now felonies at common law, whereof they
shall have been duly convicted under laws equally
applicable to ail the inhabitants of said State: Pro-
vided, That any alteration ol said constitution may
be made with regard to the time and place of resi-
dence ofvoters. And the State ofGeorgiashail only
be entitled and admitted to representation upon this
further fundamental condition: that the fin>t and
third subdivisions of see'-ion seventeen of theuml
aiticleof the constitution of said State, except tna
proviso to the first subdivision, shall be mill aud
void, andthatthe Geneial Assembly of said State y
solemn public act shali declare the assent of the
State to the foregoing tundamental condition,
SEC. 2. And be it further enacUd, that it the day
fixed for the first meeting of the Legislature of either
of said States by the constitution or ordinance thereof
shall have passed or have so nearly armed bttoro
the passage of this act that there shall not be time
for the Legislature to assemble at tna period lixeci,
