1994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
territory, our Army found itself encumbered
with thousands and tens of thousands of these
slaves. They became, according to the reports
of thecommandinggenerals, rather an impedi-
ment and a burden upon the Army. It was a
new feature in warfare. As we progressed into
the bowels of the enemy's territory thousands
and tens of thousands, aye, I think I may say,
in the aggregate, hundreds of thousands, of these
persons hung around our camps and sought
protection.
This was the condition of things, Mr. Speaker,
down to 1804, and during the year 1804 I
think the archives of the War Department will
show that almost every leading military com-
mander sent for some relief from the War De-
partment and from the Government from these
difficulties. Then it was, in the winter of
1864-65, that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Eliot,] who reports this bill, who
reported the original bill, sought a remedy
in the creation of a Bureau of Emancipa-
tion, which subsequently was entitled the Bu-
reau for the Relief of Freedmen, Refugees,
and Abandoned Lands, the alleged object of
which was to take care of, protect, feed, and
render freemen these slaves. I remember well,
when this gentleman made his original applica-
tion to this House in the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress for the passage of bis bill, how he touched
the sensibilities and excited the feelings of hu-
manity of gentlemen upon this side of the House
as he presented what purported to bo at the
time a philanthropic and truly Christian and
benevolent proposition.
He predicated his proposition, also, upon the
ground of temporary military necessity. He
never urged the adoption of the original act
upon the assumption that it was to incorporate
permanently into the Government of this coun-
try any such institution as this; but it was to
take care of these people in their in transitu
condition—between the condition of slavery
and the condition of freedom—to.endeavor to
make them, if you please, Union soldiers, to
afford them in the meantime such facilities and
such pecuniary aid, such support and encour-
agement, and, if you please, such information
and instruction, as might enable them to be-
come soldiers and lit them for the new condi-
tion that they were about to enter upon—that
of free men. The original act went just that
far and no further. It did not require the ap-
propriation of a single dollar of public money.
On the contrary, the gentleman declared in this
Hall, that so far from its being a tax upon the
Treasury, it would be the means of putting
money into the Treasury. But, sir, in 1806,
after this bureau became permanently estab-
lished under the War Department and after
the close of hostilities, they came forward again
with a proposition, not only to continue the
bureau for two years longer, but to appiopriate
for its use an immense sum of public money,
and conferring extraordinary powers, such as
had never been given to any department of
the Government before.
Now, what are those powers? Powers to
seize private and public property; to arrest, to
try, to convict, and to punish individuals with-
out due process of law ; powers to take private
property without justeompensation, as the Con-
stitution requires; powers to seize the lauds of
individuals, to confiscate them without judicial
proceedings, and to parcel out those lands to
these freedmen.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I know it creates a smile
in this House for a gentleman to refer to the
Constitution; but, sir, I learnt my politics a
quarter of a century ago, in the Congress of the
United States, when there was a solemn regard
for the securities which the Constitution throws
around the rights and liberties of the American
people, and 1 cannot unlearn the convictions
of my youthful manhood; and therefore it is
that in every act that now comes before usiny
first impulse is to see whether Congress has
power to enact it.
Sir, this is a Government of delegated pow-
ers ; we have nu power not delegated. The
legislative, executive, and judicial departments
of the Government have their existence only
by the Constitution, and with only the powers
therein set forth. Their powers are not only
delegated powers, but they are declared and
they are limited. They are familiar to us all.
I defy any gentleman in this House to find any
authority, directly or indirectly, according to
the letter or by the most distant implication or
by the most latitudinarian construction of that
instrument, for conferring such extraordinary
powers as that bureau possesses. When the
bill was originally introduced it was in time of
war, and the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Eliot] sustained it upon the ground that
the war power gave to Congress the authority
asked for. During the war everything was
done under "the war power." Had there
been, in 1865, before the close of the war, au-
thority for the establishment of such a depart-
ment of the Government as this, under "the
war power," the war having ceased, then the
power has ceased, and the bureau should cease
also. Of course I do notadmit that any part
of the Constitution gives such authority to Con-
gress in peace or war; but, if there is any justi-
fication by the necessity of the case for this
assumption of doubtful powers during such a
war as we have had, there can be no excuse for
the continuance of it now.
But the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. SrAi.ri-
ino,] in reply to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Woodward] the other day, in a
discussion with reference to the power of Con-
gress to create the Department of Education,
found the authority to create such a depart-
ment in that clause of the Constitution which
gives Congress the power "to provide for the
general welfare." "General welfare," Mr.
Speaker? Why, sir, general welfare has been
dead for some time. General welfare ecased
to exist in this country when the Republican
party obtained power. In the place of "gen-
eral welfare" we have a great many other
generals. We have a distinguished general
from Massachusetts, who is now making war
upon the White House; and I anticipate he will
meet with about as much success as he did
when he attempted to take Fort Fisher. We
have a distinguished general from Ohio, who
takes the place of "general welfare." He
makes war upon the Democratic party daily,
and upon the handful of men upon this siae
of the House. I will say this to his credit,
that he does it with more persistency and more
courage than he did when he led his troops
into an ambush laid for them by the rebels at
Vienna Court-House.
Now, sir, there is no power under the Con-
stitution, either in the war power or in the pro-
vision giving Congress power to provide for the
general welfare to create such a bureau. But ad-
mit, for the sake of argument, that we have the
power to do so ; assume that no delegated power
has been transcended in the enactment of this
law. My next position is this, that if we have
the power it is wrong to use it.; it is cruel to the
negroes; it is unjust to the white men ; it is an
unauthorized expenditure of the public money
wrung by taxation from the people of the
whole country and from all classes, to be de-
voted to purposes of this character. Sir, there
is an analogy between the condition of our
southern States, so far as the freedmen are
concerned, and the condition of the British
West Indian possessions about the time of
emancipation in 18U1. The Island of Jamaica,
lor instance, so fair, beautiful, and fruitful in
all the products ot the tropics, yielding annual
crops amounting to millions of pounds ster-
ling. When the philanthropists of England
undertook to ameliorate the condition of the
blacks in the British West Indian possessions
the British Government freed the negroes, but
i compensated their owners therefor. Unlike
' us, they did not seize private property and take
it without compensation. The British Govern-
ment, in honorable contrast to tlieaetion of our
own Government under similar circumstances,
did compensatc^the owners of slaves in the
West India islands when they enacted the de-
cree of emancipation there.
What was the effect of emancipation there ?
I refer to it to show that the like effects are
already gradually taking place in the southern
States, not only in decreasing population, but
also in decreasing products.
Of the vast sum appropriated by England for
the liberation of the slaves, §30,000,000 went
to the Island of Jamaica. We find, from the
Encyclopedia of Commerce the following as
the results for two periods of exportations:
Before Emancipation.
1809, (valuoof products) £3,033,23i
After Emancipation.
1853, (value of products) £837,276
Leading products of Jamaica in 1805.
Sugar  150,352 hogsheads.
ltuui  46,837 puncheons.
Pimento  1,041,540 pounds.
Coffee  17,961,923 pounds.
The next year, the first under the "free"
system, the amount of sugar fell off to 77,070
hogsheads ; coffee to 10,593,018 pounds.
Products of Jamaica in 1856.
Sugar  25,920 hogsheads.
Rum  14,470 puncheons.
Pimento  0,848,622 pounds.
Coffee  3,828,147 pounds.
Upon which the author of Results of Eman-
cipation in the North and West India Islands,
remarks :
" The only crop that had increased was that of
pimento or allspice, the increase of which, instead
ot being an evidence of the industry of the negro, is
ttie ic verse. The pimento tree grows wild in Jamaica,
and rapidly spreads over land under cultivation.
As the plantations were abandoned they were over-
run with this tree, and the negro women and chil-
dren pick tlie benies without the trouble ofculti-
vation. The coffee tree, to a certain extent, is like
the pimento,and grows wild in many places; hence,
the production of coffee has not fallen off in the same
proportion as that of sugar, which can only bo pro-
duced by careiul cultivation. The coffee crop of
Jamaica, however, in 1813, before the overthrow of
slave labor, was 34,045,585 pounds, but tho average
crop for the past ten years has not been over 5,000,000
pounds, while the sugar crop has fallen, in i853, as
low as 20,000 hogsheads. These facts and statistics
demonstrate tho down-hill progress of Jamaica, and
show what may be expected whenever tho experi-
ment of free ncgroism is attempted.
" The rapidity with which estates have been aban-
doned in Jamaica and the decrease in the taxable
property of the island is also astounding. The
movablo and the immovable property of Jamaica
was estimated at £50,000,000, or nearly two hundred
and iifty million dollars. In 1850 the assessed valu-
ation had fallen off to £11,500,000. In 1851, it was re-
duced to £9,500,000; and Mr. Westmoreland, in a
speech in tho Jamaica House of Assembly, stated it
was believed that tho falling off would be £2,OO0,OOO
more in 1852. From a report made to the House of
Assembly of the number and extent of the planta-
tions abandoned during the years 1848, 1849, 1850.
1851, and 1852, we gatherthe following tacts:
Sugar estates abandoned -128
Sugar estates partially abandoned  71
Coflee plantations abandoned  96
Coffee plantations partially abandoned 66
"The total number of acres thus thrown out of
cultivation in five years was 391,187. This is only a
sample, for the sa.tne process has been going on ever
since emancipation.
" In the live years immediately succeeding emanci-
pation, the abandoned estates stood as follows :
Sugar estates 140—198,032 acres.
Coliec plantations 405=188,400 acres.
" Thcseplantationsemployod 39,383 laborers, whoso
industry was, therefore, atoncc lost to the world, and
the articles they had raised wero just so much ex-
tracted from consumption. The piice ol' these arti-
cles, sugar and coffee, was increased on account of
diminished production, and that increased cost lep-
reseuted the tax which the world'paid for the privi-
lege of allowing iSambo to loll in idleness. Tho
Enclopedia ot Commerce says;
'"The negro is rapidlyreceding into asavage state,
anil unless there is a large and immediate supply of
emigrants all society will come to a speedy end and
tho island become a second Ilayti.'"
Again, in the Results of Emancipation I find
the following:
" In Lewis's Y"rst Indies, written seventeen years
beforceinancipiUioii, it isremarked; 'Astofreeblacks
they are unfortunately lazy and improvident, most
of them halt starved and only anxious to live fiom
hand to mouth. Even these who profess to be tai-
lors, carpenters, or coopers, are for themost part eare-
lcss, drunken, and dissipated, and never take pains
sufficient to attain to any dexterity in their trades.
As for a free negro hiring himself out for plantation
l.tbor, no instance of such a thing was ever known in
Jamaica.'
"Earl Grey said in the House of Lords, June 18,
1852, that it was established by statistical faets that
thenegroeswereidleand falling back in civilization ;
that, relieved from the coorcion to which they were
formerly subjected, and a couple ofday'slaborgiving
them enough food for a fortnight, the climate ren-
