4042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
tion the Secretary might, if we are to have a
Secretary holding the views either of the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance or of the
Senator from Indiana, thus apply the avails
received from the sale of the new bonds in
greenbacks in compulsory payment of so much
of the interest-bearing debt of the Govern-
ment.
And, sir, as was remarked by the Senator
from Maine, this bill is not a mere temporary
affair; it is a law which is likely to be perma-
nent. None of us know with certainty what is
to be the political character of the next Admin-
istration ; and if it should so happen by possi-
bility that the next Administration should have
one holding the doctrine announced by the
New York convention, then most certainly
under the first section of this bill the five-
twenty bonds could and would be paid in green-
backs derived from the sale of the bonds pro-
vided for in the first section of this bill; and
if we are to judge by the somewhat strange
developments which are surprising us every
day, even ifthe next Administration is a Repub-
lican Administration we have no security that
the principle adopted by the Republican party
at Chicago will be held to be binding upon
those who shall conduct that Administration,
for it was but yesterday that the Senator from
Indiana, not now in his seat, declared that we
should notimpose upon the Republican party the
doctrine that the five-twenty bonds were not
payable to some extent at any rate in green-
backs, therefore for himself thus far directly
repudiating the Chicago platform. So that,
sir, whatever may be the political character of
the incoming Administration, 1 see certainly
under the lirst section of this bill, as it now
stands, a danger of a direct authority given by
law to apply the currency avails of the sale of
these bonds in compulsory payment of the five-
twenty bonds. If there be no such danger,
then certainly the amendment which I have
offered is harmless. If there be such a danger,
I, for one, holding the Republican principle
of the inviolability of the faith of this Govern-
ment pledged for the payment of the now out-
standing live-twenty bonds in coin to be as
cardinal a principle of the Republican party
as any for which it has been fighting for the
last fourteen years, cannot consent to the
enactment of a law under which the possibility
of a violation of that faith may be incurred. I
hope,therefore,this amendment will beadopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust it is not necessary
for me at this period of the session to say that
it is unwise in every sense of the term to bring
that question into this bill. As I said in the
opening, there is nothing in the first section
to compel the payment of any existing bond
or to authorize its payment except by the con-
sent of the holder. If you introduce this very
troublesome question, in regard to which there
is a difference of opinion in both political par-
ties, you not only defeat the bill, but destroy
any hope whatever of passing any bill by which
we can reduce the burden of the public debt.
This provision would not at all settle the ques-
tion in favor of the views of the Senator from
Connecticut. If under the present law, as it
stands, the holders of these bonds are entitled
to coin this bill does not change it, nor can
any change of their security be had except by
their hee and voluntary consent. To put this
construction of preceding laws on this bill
would be simply to raise a question that is not
involved in the bill, that has no relation to the
bill, and it would at once defeat any effort or
aii_y purpose on the part of the people of this
countty to relieve themselves from the burden
of the debt by a voluntary conversion of a bond
bearing a higher rate of interest into a bond
bearing a lower rate, i trust the Senator from
Connecticut will withdraw the amendment, and
that we may come to a vote and pass the bill.
ilr. DAVIS. I do not believe the Senate
or Congress at the present time is prepared to
take any action on the subject of this bill, and
1 therefore move to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. DRAO! .called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Davis, Fessendon, Fow-
ler, Harlan, McCreery, McDonald, Patterson of Ten-
CJTlfi W1X^.0
NAl^S—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Oole, Conkling,
Conness, Cragiti,Drake, Kerry, Prelinghuysen, How-
ard, Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Patterson
of Xov liauipslriro, Pomcroy, Ramsey, llioe, Sher-
man, Stewart, Tipton, Welch, Willcy, Williams, and
Wilson—21.
ABSEST—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Chandler,
Corbett, Dixon, Doobttle. Edmunds, Urimes, Hen-
derson, Hendiicks, Howe, Morrill ot'Maine, Morton,
Norton, Nye, ltoss, Saulshury, Sprague, Sumner,
Thayer, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Viekers, Whyte,
and Yates—23.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. FERRY. I wish to modify my amend-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to suggest to
the Senator whether an amendment that I pro-
pose to offer, if adopted, will not meet the
difficulty he has.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Con-
necticut, I understand, has prepared a modifi-
cation of his amendment which I am perfectly
willing to Adopt.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amendment I was
about to suggest is in the eighteenth and nine-
teenth lines of the first section to strike out the
words "for the redemption, payment, or pur-
chase of or," and to insert the word "in;" so
as to provide "the said bonds and the pro-
ceeds thereof shall be exclusively used in ex-
change for an equal amount of any of the
present interest-bearing debt," &c. As the
purpose of this bill, and the sole purpose, as I
understand from the committee, is simply to
substitute one kind of obligation for another,
that is, an obligation bearing five per cent,
interest for one bearing six per cent, interest,
at a longer time, there is no need whatever of
giving the Secretary the power—and it is not
necessary to give him a power which he ought
not to wish to use—to sell any portion of the
present bonds and appropriate the proceeds to
the purchase of others. Why not simply con-
fine him to exchanging the new bonds for other
bonds? That will answer the purpose.
Mr. CORBETT. Will the Senator not add
the words " at the option of the holder? "
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is not necessary.
The holder, of course, will not give up his
present bonds unless he sees fit.
Mr. CORBET'!'. Should it not be expressed
to be "at his option? "
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the chairman of
the committee what objection there is to con-
fining it to an exchange.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that the Senator
from Maine is astute enough to know that the
effect of this amendment would simply be to
defeat the bill. It would be to confine all
negotiations, all efforts to reduce the burden
of the debt to a simple arrangement between
the Secretary of the Treasury and the present
holders of the bonds. As a matter of course,
that would be perfectly idle. Instead of pass-
ing such a bill, you had better lay it on the
table and be done with it. The way this will
operate, the way the Senator himself as Sec-
retary of the Treasury would aet, would be to
take advantage of the money market wherever
he could to sell the new bonds at a rate which
would enable him to buy up in the open mar-
ket an equal amount of the five-twenty bonds.
I have no doubt it can be done : and 1 say this
authoritatively, for propositions have already
been made by persons who are perfectly able
to comply with their stipulation, both at home
and abroad, to surrender to the Government
of the United States five-twenty bonds and
take in payment these new bonds par for par.
How is this to be done? The persons who
make this contract to take these new bonds
sell them at a price which will enable them to
buy up in open market the five-twenties.
The proposition of the Senator from Con-
necticut, as he has modified it, there is not in
my mind the slightest objection to. He pro-
poses, if I understand him, to make the clause
read :
To be used exclusively for the redemption or pay-
ment at the option of the holder, or purchaso of, or
exchange for, any of the present interest-bearing
debt.
I have no objection^ to that. Indeed, the
payment could not be made under this bill
except with the consent of the bolder._ Un-
doubtedly the new bonds will be used in the
purchase of the old. With that modification
I am perfectly willing to accept it; but to con-
fine this simply to a narrow exchange between
the holder of the bond'who has it in his pos-
session and the Secretary of the Treasury
would be to simply cripple the power of the
Secretary, so that it would be perfectly nuga-
tory for him to have the power.
Mr. FERRY. I prefer that the vote should
be had upon my amendment as I have modified
it, and then if the Senator from Maine wishes
to move a further amendment the vote can be
taken upon that. My sole object in proposing
the amendment was to prevent a construction
of this first section whereby the public cred-
itor might, against his consent, be compelled
to have his pay for his bond in greenbacks.
The modification is to insert between the word
"redemption," at the end of the eighteenth
line, and the word "payment," in the nine-
teenth line, the word "or;" and after the
word "payment" to insert "at the option of
the holder ;" so as to make the clause read :
And tho said bonds and the proceeds thereof
shall be exclusively used for the redemption or pay-
ment at tho option of the holder, or purchase of, or
exchange for, an equal amount of any of the inter-
est-bearing debt.
So that the bond cannot be paid to the
holder, without his consent, in greenbacks.
Mr. SHERMAN. That leaves the Secre-
tary perfectly at liberty to purchase them at
the market price, provided he can purchase as
many of the old bonds as he issues of the new.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not the slightest
objection.
Mr. FERRY. The only effect it has is to
preventt.he compulsory paymentin greenbacks.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from New
York principally framed this section, and I
would ask him if he sees any objection to tho
amendment?
Mr. MORGAN. I think the exchange should
be made wholly at the option of the holder.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I am perfectly will-
ing to accept the amendment.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the point that this amend-
ment is not sufficiently explicit. The phrase
is, " at the option of the holder." Does that
begin before the first five years have expired,
or is it the option of the holder after the first
five years have expired? The point in my
mind is that after the first five years have
expired it might be construed that the bonds
were then due, and the holder would not have
the option of refusing payment. I think it
ought to be expressed that this option is to be
after the first five years.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. I offer this amendment
as an additional section, to come in after the
last section of the amendment of the committee:
And he it further enacted. That from and after tho
passage of this act, no percentage, deduction, corn-
mission, or compensation of any amount or kind,
shall be allowed to any person for the >salo or nego-
tiation of any bonds or securities of the United States
disposed of at the Treasury Department or elsewhere
on -account of the United States; and all acts and
parts of acts authorizing or permitting, by construc-
tion or otherwise, the Secretary of the Treasury to
appoint any a?cnt, other than some proper officer
of his Department, to make such sale or negotiation
of bonds and securities, are hereby repealed.
Mr. SHERMAN. All I have to say is that
to-day, in an act which has been passed, that
very provision is inserted as part of the law,
and it has now passed both Houses, that no
money shall be paid from the Treasury lor any
commissions directly or indirectly for the ne-
gotiation of any loans.
Mr. CAMERON. I did notknowihere was
any such law.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Clerk has the mis-
