1808.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tiering clothing and fuel not necessary to life, they
had no earthly motive to give a greater amount of
service than tor mere subsistence.'"
Sir. Bigelow,_the editor of the Evening Post,
one of the original Abolitionists of New York,
our late minister to Paris, wrote in 1850, after
a visit to Jamaica, a work, in which he says:
"The land of that island is as prolific as any in the
world. It can bo bought for five dollars to ten dol-
lars per acre, and five acres confer the right of voting
and eligibility to public offices. Planters offer $1 50
per day for labor; sixteen days labor will enable a
man to buy land enough to make him a voter, and
the market of Kingston offers a great demand for
vegetables at all times. Thesefaets place independ-
ence within the reach of every black. But what are
the results? There has been no increase in voters in
twenty years. Lands run wild. Kingston gets its
vegetables from the United States!"
Again, ex-Governor Wood, of Ohio, a dis-
tinguished member of the Republican party,
who paid a visit to Jamaica in 1853, says:
"Since the blacks have been liberated they have
become indolent, insolent, degraded, and dishonest.
They are a rude, beastly set of vagabonds, lying
naked about the streets as filthy as the Hottentots,
and I believe worse. Oil getting to the wharf ot
Kingston the first thing the blacks of both sexes,
periectly naked, came swarming about the boat and
would dive for small pieces of com that were thrown
by the passengers. On entering thecity, thestranger
is annoyed to death by black beggars at every seep,
and you must often show them your pistol or an
uplifted cane to rid yourself of their importunities."
But, sir, I give even higher authority—that
of the late President Lincoln and of Major
-General Buuusit, of Massachusetts. Mr. Lin-
coln, in reply to the Chicago divines who
waited upon him for the purpose of inducing hire,
to issue a proclamation of emancipation, said:
"And suppose they (the negroes) could be induced
by a proclamation from mo to throw themselves
upon us, what should we do with them? General
Butler wrote me a few days since that he was issuing
more rations to the slaves who had rushed to him
than to all the white troops under his command.
They eat, eat; and that is all."
Now, the best test of the prosperity of any
people is in the extent of their increase. I
know that a distinguished earl has just said in
the House of Commons that Ireland was in a
prosjierous condition because the consumption
of spirits had increased; but, sir, that is not
my test of the prosperity of a people. A peo-
ple who are following the laws of nature and
of God will be industrious and will reproduce
their species. God intended us to be indus-
trious ; and as we live up to the law of our cre-
ation we are happy, we are prosperous, we are
prolific. Apply that test to the negroes of the
southern States in their present condition,
under the paternal care of our Government,
which gives them alms, protection, and edu-
tion, without any return or labor on their part?
They are fast decreasing. I was informed
recently by an eminent physician of South
Carolina that eighteen out of every twenty of
the negro infants die before they are one month
old. The census taken in the States of Ala-
bama and Mississippi in 1866 shows that not-
withstanding the war there has been an in-
crease of the white population and a very ma-
terial decrease of the black population. Hence
it is evident that the welfare of that people is
dependontupon their industry, and their indus-
try is dependent upon the necessity for their
laboring i'or their own support. In the island of
Jamaica, where the Government does not take
care of the negroes, they will not work; and in
the United States they certainly will neverwork
so long as we continue to expend upon them
millions of dollars annually. The aggregate
expense of this bureau since its organization
has been nearly seventeen million dollars.
But this sum, enormous as it is, does not com-
prehend all advantages which have been given
to the freedmen. Congress has passed no less
than fifteen acts since 1863 especially for the
benefit of southern blacks and not one for the
benefit of the white workingmen of the North,
a competing laboring element of our own race,
who, it appears to me, is entitled to some con-
sideration at our hands, if we are to dispense
the public money for charitable objects.
If these objections are not sufficient others
may be found in the conduct and management
of this bureau which, in my judgment, should
defeat this proposition to continue it.
The administration of the bureau is all wrong.
It is wrong because it has been used as a po-
litical engine ; it is wrong because it has been
used to put its own emissaries and agents in
political positions; it is wrong because it has
been used and its funds have been used for
personal, partisan, and improper purposes.
It is not my intention, Mr. Speaker, to make
assault on Major General Howard, Commis-
sioner of that Bureau, although I hold in my
hand an accusation against that gentleman,
which of course I do not indorse, which de-
clares he holds sentiments in reference to the
amalgamation of the races utterly revolting,
and which no man whose heart, to say nothing
of his head, is in the right place can for a mo-
ment entertain. It has been charged that he
himself has declared he would as lief marry a
black woman as a white woman, provided there
was actual affinity. I do not say it is so; but
if it is so he is unfit to hold the position he
holds as head of this bureau.
1 make no accusation against his integrity,
but I state the fact that he has become a man
of large wealth. It is said he owns more real
estate in the vicinity of Washington city than
any other recent comer here ; that lands in
which he was interested have been bought for
fifty dollars an acre and sold to the freedmen
for $200 an acre, showing a benevolent, phi-
lanthropic, paternal care over those poor peo-
ple. I am not prepared to say it is so. I do
not indorse the.sentiment. I only say what I
hear.
Mr. Speaker, in conclusion. I am obliged to
present to the House a condensed summary
of the several objections I have to this bill. In
the limited time allowed I cannot further dis-
cuss them.
1. There is no power in Congress to create
departments and to appropriate money for
purposes of this character.
2. The grounds, if any, which originally ex-
isted for the adoption of this measure have
long since ceased.
3. It has failed to accomplish {lie purposes
for which it was ostensibly established.
4. It has become a severe tax upon the
Treasury without affording any advantages or
benefits to the people in return.
5. It has been injurious to the freedmen,
inasmuch as it has encouraged idleness by
affording pecuniary support without labor; it
has engendered animosities between the whites
and blacks of the southern States, thus retard-
ing reconstruction ; it has prevented the proper
working of the southern plantations by induc-
ing the negroes to try to become proprietors
instead of laborers ; its agents have used their
positions to enrich themselves and to obtain
political preferment; its funds are squandered
without accountability or proper care; no de-
tailed statement has ever been furnished Con-
gress of the several sums of money and parcels
of property (personal and real) which were
taken from the rebel planters and others at the
close of the war; it has illegally confiscated
lands and rendered no account thereof; it has
dis pensed sinecure positions to political favor-
ites ; it has produced a system of espionage and
prying-into the affairs of private citizens with no
object of public good ; it has been used as a
political engine by which to uphold and con-
tinue the dominancy of the lladical party,
and to sccure to that party the ten southern
States, whose people, white and black, have
been made more or less dependent upon its
favors and authority aided by the military
commanders.
6. Originally adopted as a temporary provision
for affording information and protection to the
freedmen and refugees for the few months in-
tervening between the close of the war and the
establishment of law and order in the insurgent
States, now that order and government have
been reestablished it should be allowed to close
up its affairs, account for the millions of public
money intrusted to it, and cease to exist.
7. The ground on which the continuance of
the bureau is now advocated is the necessity
of giving the freedmen instruction, and it is
proposed to devote the large remaining unex-
pended balance of about seven millions in the
hands of the commission to such educational
purposes. This implies that those people are
entirely uneducated and ignorant, which, if
true, they are unfit to make new State govern-
ments for the southern States, to adopt con-
stitutions, elect Governors, members of Con-
gress, Legislatures, Senators, and State officers,
and for self-government, as is proposed by
Congress.
8. For these reasons this bill should not pass.
This so-called Freedmen's Bureau has no merit.
It is wrong in principle and wrong in practice.
It consumes the public money and demoralizes
the laboring element now so necessary to the
agricultural prosperity of the southern people.
Congress has no power to create such a bureau,
and should not continue it another day, admit-
ting it has.
Mr. ELIOT. I now yield ten minutes to
my colleague on the committee from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Akneij,.]
Mr. ARNELL. Mr. Speaker, I send to the
Clerk's desk to have read a statement of the
receipts and disbursements of the Freedmen's
Bureau in Tennessee, which I think will prove
a full and satisfactory answer to the charges
which have been made as to the expense of its
operations.
The Clerk read as follows:
liejiort of the receipts and disbursement* in the Bureau
of Refugees, Freedmen. and Abandoned Lands, Stede
of Tennessee, from the organization of the Bureau up
to January 1,1867.
Received from rents oq abandoned property,
&c   $159,188 15
Received Irorn appropriation made by
Congress      36,977 55
$196,165 73
Disbursed in the service of the bureau.... §121,408 86
Transferred to the chief disbursing officer
of the bureau  60,102 47
On hand January 1,1867    14,651 40
6196.16-5 73
From the organization of the bureau up to October 1,
1867.
Received from rents on abandoned property*
&c $163,161 45
Received from appropriations made by
Congress  111,246 IS
$274,407 63
Disbursed in the service of the bureau.... §186,148 IS
Transferred to the chicf disbursing offi-
cer of the bureau  63,073 02
On hand October 1,1867  25,186 43
$274,407 63
The above*expendif;ures include the expenses in
the State of Kentucky up to the 15tb of June, 1866.
No part of the receipts, however, accrued in the
State of Kentucky.
From the above it wiJl be seen that the amount of
rents received from abandoned lands or property in
the State of Tennessee was §37,779 29 more than had
been expended in the service of the bureau in tho
two States—Tennessee up to January, 1867, and Ken-
tucky up to June 15,1866.
Also, that on the 1st of October, 1867, the amount
disbursed in ihe service of the bureau in the State
of Tennessee up to that time, and in tho State of
Kentucky up to June 15, 1366, was onb* £>22,936 73
more than had been received irom rents on aban-
doned property in tho State of Tennessee up lo Octo-
ber 1,1S67.
Mr. Speaker, this exhibit shows betterNthan
any statement emanating from any other quar-
ter concerning the enormous expenditure of
this bureau, the actual state of facts. Only
$22,080 have been spent for two States con-
taining a population of two million two hun-
dred and sixty-live thousand. And in this
connection I desire to state in regard to the
rations issued to the people of the State of
Tennessee that ten white persons are benefited
by receiving those rations to one colored
person.
This exhibit also confirms the statement of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,]
that had Andrew Johnson allowed the cap-
