1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
611
ntul feel herself blessed in tlie ability to dp it. Her
climate is raoie genial than ours: her soil may be
restored to its original fertility; hor rivers are broad
aiul her harbors good; ami, above all, hers is the i
monopoly of the fields for rieo, sugar, and cotton.
Let us pursue for twenty years the sound national
policy of protection, and we will double our popula-
tion and more than quadruple our capital, ana re-
duce our indebtedness per capita and per acrc to little
more than a nominal sum. Thus each man can 'with-
out moneys' pay the bulk of his portion of the debt
by blessing others with the ability to bear an honor-
able burden."
Confirmed in the correctness of these views j
by subsequent observation and reflection, at
the final session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress
I introduced a resolution instructing the Com-
mittee of Ways aud Means— i
"To inquire into the expediency of immediately
repealing the provisions of the internal revenue law
whereby a tax of five per cent, is imposed on the i
mechanical and manufacturing industry of the coun-
try."
And on the earliest day the rules would per-
mit I offered another resolution declaring—
" That the proposition that the war debt of the
country should bo extinguished by the generation
that contracted it is not sanctioned by sound princi-
ples of national economy and does not meet the ap-
proval of this House."
On the 3d of January, 1867, in addressing
the House in opposition to the views of the
Secretary of the Treasury in favor of the main-
tenance of extraordinary taxes, contraction of
the currency, and resumption of specie pay-
ments within two years from the date of his
Fort Wayne speech, or of his annual report,
and the extinguishment of not less than $100.-
000,000 of the principal of the debt annually,
I said:
" Peace is restored, our currency approximates the
specie standard, and it is discovered that by aid of
our inordinate internal taxes foreign manufacturers
are monopolising our home market. Our publishers
buy their paper and print and bind their books in
England or Belgium; qur umbrella-makers have
transferred their workshops to English towns; our
woolen and worsted mills are closed or closing, and
the laborers in these branches are not only wasting
their capital, which consists in their skill and indus-
try, but drawing from the savings banks or selling
the Government bonds in which they had invested
their small accumulations to maintain their families
during the winter; and our enlarged importations
of foreign goods are swelling the balance of trade
against us and preparing us for general bankruptcy."
And again :
"The experiment, if attempted as a mean# of hast-
ening specie payments, will prove a failure, but not
a harmless one. It will be fatal to the prospects of
a majority of the business men of this generation
and strip the frugal laboring people of the country
of the small but hard-earned sums they have depos-
ited in savings banks or invested in Government
lecurities. It will make money scarce and employ-
ment uncertain. Its object is to reduce the amount
of that which in every part of our country and for
the hundreds of thousands of millions of dollars of
domestic trade is money and to increase its pur-
chasing power; and by unsettling values it will
paralyze trade, suspend production and deprive
industry of employment. It will make the money
of the rich man more valuable and deprive the poor
man of his entire capital, the value of his labor, by
depriving him of employment. Its first effect will
be to increase the rate of interest and diminish the
rate of wages, and its final effect wide-spread bank-
ruptcy and a more protracted suspension of specie
payments."
Sir, these predictions were not only not
heeded but were denounced as the vagaries
of a mere theorist by gentlemen whose position
Wade their voices potential; and I remember
that when the productions of the hand-loom
weavers of the country had been freed from
taxation by the votes of both Houses the com-
mittee of conference upon the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the tax bill, seizing the
fact that the Senate and House had differed as
to the use of a verb, restored the provision
providing for the tax, and the chairman of the
committee in each House proclaimed the pos-
sibility oflhe exemption of these compara-
tively unimportant productions producing a
deficit in the revenue. Some reduction in the
scale of taxation was made by the bill to which
I refer, and it is well for the country that it
was. Large as it was, it would have been bet-
ter had every direct tax upon our industry been
removed. Nor would the revenue of the Gov-
ernment have suffered from the change, for we
collected during the year 1866-67 $143,904,880
more than was required for payment of inter-
est on the public debt and current expenses.
These inordinate exactions determined the line
between profit and loss on many branches of
industry and diminished our production by para-
lyzing or suppressing such branches. Without
the $67,778,082 70, the amount derived from
direct taxes on manufactures other than spir-
its, malt liquors, and tobacco in its various j
forms, we would have been able to extinguish |
more than seventy-five million dollars of the i
principal of the debt. j
Permit me to say, if I may use a homely j
figure, that we lighted our candle at both ends
by attempting to collect such heavy taxes while
contracting the currency. The loom and the
j spindle, no longer able to yield profit to their
i proprietor, stand idle; the fires are extinguished
1 in forge and furnace, and the rolling-mill does
! not send forth its hum of cheerful and profitable
industry. On one day of last month eighteen
hundred operatives in the glass factories of
Pittsburg were deprived of the poor privilege
of earning wages by honest toil at the trade in
which they were skilled. The establishments
in which they worked are closed. In the ab-
sence of productive employment for men or
machinery the small holders of bonds are sell-
ing them to save themselves from bankruptpy
if they are the proprietors of establishments,
or to feed themselves and families in involun-
tary idleness if they were laborers whose hard-
earned savings had been loaned to the Govern-
ment in its exigency. Look where we may, to
any section of the country, we hear of" shrink-
age': in the value of manufactured goods, of
reduction of wages, or of the hours of labor, of
| factories running on part time, or closed or to
I be closed. I present no jaundiced or partisan
i view of the case, for the gentleman who sub-
mitted to this House the report of the commit-
[ tee of conference to which 1 have alluded, and
| wko resisted proposed reductions of taxes w ith
; such persuasive ability, [Mr. Moriiill, of \ er-
mont,] in a recent discussion in the Senate on
i the repeal of the cotton tax, said :
"It may be said that the South are clamoring for
the repeal of the tax on cotton. Is there any less
clamor in the West or the North or the East for a
repeal of taxation? I deny it. I say there is as
much urgency for a relief from taxation in the
North, the East, and the West as in the South.
Look at the industries that are at the present mo-
,, ment unusually depressed. Take, for instance, the
entire woolen interest. There is not an establish-
ment that is not losing money to-day. Take the
wool-grower; not a pound of wool raised last year
that will bring within ten cents per pound of its
cost. Take the cotton interest; the whole circle of
manufactures are in no better ciroumstances. Look
at thcvalueof their stocks; for instance, take the Bates
manufacturing stock of Maine, worth two years ago
one hundred and sixty cents on the dollar, now there
are more sellers than buyers at one hundred. Take
the Lyman mills on the Connecticut, worth two years
ago muety-eigh t to one hundred, now selling at sixty-
nine orless; and so I mightgo on almost through the
whole list. They all suffer. Take the West—Ohio
Illinois, or Iowa—look at their hog crop. Why, it
i they had given away all their hogs, or if they had
slaughtered them a year ago and thrown th em away,
they would have been better off to-day. xhey have
i absolutely lost their hog crop by feeding out grain to
j them, which unfed would have brought more than
■ all their pork."
Mr. Chairman, accepting the business of
the oldest and best-managed savings bank for
the receipt of small deposits in Philadelphia
i as a good index to the condition of the labor-
! ing diss of the Country, I have obtained a
statement of the number and amount; t)f drafts
made by the depositors whose whole deposit
is under one hundred dollars, and of the whole
number of drafts of depositors for the month
of December of the years 1865, 1866, and 1867,
| and the total amount drawn in each year. It
I is as follows:
Months.
Year.
Under
8100.
Whole
number of
payments.
a
Amount.
1865
846
1,186
99,603 10
1866
811
1,174
104,430 95
1867
1,128
1,596
144,205 70
To gentlemen used to large business trans-
actions the movement of the small sums enu-
merated in this exhibit may not seem import-
ant, but they tell a story of bankruptcy as
grievous to the victim whose hours of toil were
solaced by the reflection that he was by his
small deposits garnering a trifling capital for
his children or a shelter for his age as is one
which is telegraphed to the press of every sec-
tion of the country by reason of the large
amount involved. Nay, more than that, these
drafts upon the small accumulations of years
of toil tell a story of practical ngrarianism and
confiscation that would shock gentlemen if
it applied to the bonds or land of the wealthy.
: The attempt to force a resumption of specie
payments by contracting a volume of currency
which was actively, legitimately, and profitably
employed is as dishonest as it is unwise. The
object and effect of such a movement is to
increase the purchasing power, the value of
the rich man's hoarded or invested dollars,
and its projectors pause not, though they dis-
cover that it robs millions of laborers of their
whole estate. The laborer's income is derived
from the exercise of his thews and sinews and
the skill ofhiscunningright hand. These are his
estate—these and his little savings—and of these
millions are being robbed by the mad attempt
of the Secretary of the Treasury to bring about
specie payments while the balance of trade is
heavily against us and our gold-bearing bonds
are so largely held by foreigners that resump-
tion would in less than thirty days induce the
return of bonds enough to drain us of specie
and make us feel the curse of absenteeism as
distinctly as Ireland ever felt it. Were our
bonds held at home, or were commercial
exchanges greatly in our favor, we might main-
tain a forced resumption; but with our bonds
abroad, and the balance of trade heavily against
us, we could not maintain it a month. And if
Congress does not restrain Mr. McCulloch from
persisting in the attempt he will unsettle the
value of every species of property, curtail the
productive power of the country, bankrupt men
of enterprise, and rob millions of laboring peo-
ple of their whole estate.
But permit me to inquire what effect this
experiment will have on the public revenues?
Can an honest bankrupt contribute much to
the exchequer of his country? Are those who
are conducting business at a loss apt to make
large contributions to the fund derived from
|i income tax? And are unemployed laborers
! who have drawn and consumed their last doU
lar in a condition to buy dutiable or taxable
commodities? No, sir; as the number in each
of these classes increases the public revenue
diminishes; and in view of the facts I have
hastily presented I am prepared to say that with
full employment, even though prices had con'
tinued as high as they were duringthe war, which
I maintain was impossible under the influence
of our increasing activity and productive power,
the people could better pay the taxes they then
endured heavy as they were, than they can
with a contracting currency, low prices, and
but partial or no employment for men and
machinery, pay the -greatly diminished rate
suggested by the commissioner.
Mr. Chairman, two policies were open to us
at the close of the war. We have tried one,
and the results are but too painfully apparent;
the other is still open to uBu It is true we can-
not repair the losses''ftlteady endured, but we
can check the downward tendency, quicken
industry, and give a new impulse to the pro-
ductive power of the country. It was open to
us to diminish the depreciation in the rate of
wages by diminishing taxes and furnishing, as
we had done during the war, a sound circulat-
ing medium adequate in volume for the rapid
exchange of commodities among our own peo-
ple, and thus secure employment to our labor-
ers with fair wages for their work; or, on the
other hand, we could by imposing taxes not
demanded by our exigencies and contracting
the currency impair confidence, force sales,
palsy enterprise, reduce wages, and deprive
the laborer of a market for the only commod-
ity he has to sell—his industry.
Gentlemen will say there can for the present
be no employment because the markets are
