1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3019
Alabama. It is not a matter to be put into a
constitution at all, but it is a matter of legisla-
tion. There is no more propriety in putting
this provision in the constitution, if it is not
intended to bind down the Legislature to inter-
fering with contracts, than there is in putting
the whole statute-book in the constitution.
Mr. SHERMAN. The objection now made
by the Senator is extraordinary. Every con-
stitution now contains a multitude of legisla-
tion, and the great objection to modern State
constitutions is the multiplicity of legislation
which they contain. That is the last objection
I ever expected to hear from the Senator from
New Jersey. Every provision «of a constitu-
tion is a kind of legislation, and some provis-
ions are rather minute, and almost all our
modern constitutions are too minute. I never
expected to hear an objection made to the
admission of a State on the ground that the
people of that State chose to put certain things
in the form of constitutional legislation instead
of the form of legal enactment.
Mr. FEELINGS DYS-EN. My friend will
observe, however, that the argument is this:
that it is subject to the objection that it is a
violation of the Constitution of the United
States, and at all events it is not necessary,
because it would be equally effective in a stat-
ute if it is not in violation of the Constitution
of the United States. That is my point.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not understand the
Senator. I believe in leaving to the States the
care of local legislation, and I am rather as-
tonished that the Senator from New Jersey
especially should make this objection, repre-
senting as he does a State that claims the power
as a State to control the commerce of the
United States, so that really we have not the
power to pass enactments on that subject, so
that no citizen of the United States can go
through the State of New Jersey between the
two great commercial cities of the Union with-
out being affected by the local legislation of
New Jersey. New Jersey claims the power
of impeding all the commerce of the United
States and doubling the expense of transport-
ation. If New Jersey were to throw open her
laws, the price of passing through New Jersey
would be reduced one half.
This has been a matter of complaint for
years; and the Senator from New Jersey now
complains about conferring upon the people
of Alabama the right to make laws in regard
to the shores of their navigable rivers, to regu-
late the wharfage, the amount of tolls and
assessments and wharf rents that their citizens
shall pay. .
I only desire to say that I am m favor ot
Congress exercising rather plenary powers ;
but when 1 commence I do not want to begin
with the regulation of tolls and wharfage for
wharfs on the banks of the streams ill Alabama.
I would rather commence with some great high-
way where the impediments thrown in the way
of commerce are worthy of the attention of
Congress. It does seem to me that we belittle
the subject when we seek to attach to the
admission of States fundamental conditions
applicable to mere local matter, such as the
lent of a wharf and the like. This provision
of the constitution ot Alabama may be wise or
unwise; I do not know; but certainly it is ft
matter of l#cal legislation in regard to the
shores and the banks of their rivers with which
we ought not to interfere, especially by an
extraordinary provision of amendment to their
constitution made by Congress now in the last
stages ot'this debate.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I do not know that the character ot New Jersey
is at ail involved ill the discussion of unconsti-
tutional question ; and I suppose the beuator
from Ohio referred to New .Jersey for the pur-
pose of diverting the attention of the Senate
from the subject, as he did not seem very well
able to maintain the position that he had taken
on the constitutional question. As to its beht-
tlin" the subject, let me say, sir, that it is no
little subject for the Senate of the Lnited States
to stand guardians over the constitution and say
to every State that comes here with a constitu-
tion "You shall not impair the obligation of a
contract;" and whether it is in a little matter
or a great matter, the principle is the same.
Nobody can read this provision of the consti-
tution of Alabama without coming to the con-
clusion that they have undertaken to prohibit
owners of wharves and other erections over
navigable streams from collecting wharfage,
which is directly impairing a contract.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to know
what contract is involved ? Who made a con-
tractaboutthe building of wharves in Alabama?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Nobody under
the sun made a contract about building wharves,
and there is nothing in the constitution about
building wharves. It is about the collecting
of wharfage for the use of wharves.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the Senator says the
constitutional provision as to the inviolability
of contracts is involved. I should like to know
what contract is involved in this case. Was
there a contract existing between the wharf-
owners and anybody else that they should
build wharves there? I am not aware of any.
I suppose that they hold their wharves and
other property subject to the local law of Ala-
bama, and may be regulated and affected by
the local law of Alabama. It is not a ques-
tion of contract. If there is a contract, it the
Senator from New Jersey will say there is a
contract 
Mr. CONKLING. Most assuredly I say it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator may say
that there is an implied contract that every
riparian owner may have a right to buili any-
thing he chooses on the banks of the river.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will say to the Senator
that the question has been before the Supreme
Court of the United States in a case coming up
from the city of Mobile. When Alabama was
admitted into the Union the waste lands, as
they were called, were reserved to the United
States, and the United States granted patents
to these shore rights. The State of Alabama
did the same thing, and the question arose
under the conflicting patents as to who had the
best title. The Supreme Court of the United
States decided that Alabama had the title to
these lands; that she could grant them to
whomsoever she pleased, and that her patents
were good. Therefore the persons who own
these wharves hold under a title granted by
the State of Alabama. Now, this law under-
takes to say that a title granted by the State
of Alabama shall be impaired, by declaring
that there shall be no beneficial use or enjoy-
ment of it. That the Supreme Court have
frequently decided in other cases is a violation
of the contract.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator does not go
far enough. Does he show that the State of
Alabama by her patent authorized them to
build wharves, or is that necessarily implied
from the patent?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is necessarily im-
plied from the patent of the land down to the
water, where the stream is navigable, to the
shore line.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator from Vermont what decision the Su-
preme Court ot the United States lias ever
made in regard to the right of Alabama to
regulate the question of wharfage.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know that they
have decided anything as to the right of Ala-
bama to regulate the question of wharfage as to
all persons. They have decided that the State
of Alabama was the proprietor of these very
lands, and that the State of Alabama had a
rio-lit to grant them to the persons who were
the subjects of these law-suits; and the Su-
preme Court therefore decided that the per-
sons who owned these sliove rights and had
wharves upon them were lawfully entitled to
bold them. Now, the State comes in by tins
constitution, and says that although they are
lawfully entitled, to hold them, and have he^d
them tor forty years, they shall not use them,
but that everybody else may use them without
pavingfor that use.
Mr. MORTON. My understanding is that
the Supreme Court decided that the title to
these waste or wet lands was in the State of
Alabama under the act of Congress, and that
the patent of Alabama was good against the
title executed by anybody else, and that it goes
no further than that. So far as the rights of
r'lDarian proprietors of navigable streams are
concerned, those rights have always been held
in part to be subject to the rights and interests
oHiavigation.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I wish to ask
the Senator from Indiana if the State has ever
claimed any other jurisdiction than that of
running the boundary line between the waters
navigable and the waters not navigable?
Mr. CONKLING. And removing obstruc-
tions.
Mr. HOWE. Preventing obstructions by
the shore owner in that part of the stream
which is navigable.
Mr. MORTON. I understand that the rights
of navigation go much further than the defini-
tion given by the Senator from Wisconsin. If
they go no further than that, it would be in the
power of riparian owners virtually to destroy
navigation, especially upon our small rivers in
the interior. The subject of regulating wharf-
age to prevent extortion and so that the inter-
ests of commerce shall not be injured is
peculiarly proper for State legislation, and £
undertake to say is the subject of State legis-
lation in almost every State where there is a
navigable river.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator will m a
moment see that there is no question about the
right of the State to regulate rights of wharf-
age, rights of landing, or any other rights; the
question here arises upon the destruction of
rights. There is the greatest possible distinc-
tion between the two things.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the framers of
this constitution have put in it precisely the
provision they wanted to put in, and the one
that is adapted to the wants of the State of
Alabama. It is known to me and I suppose to
many Senators that there has been a long con-
flict at Mobile in regard to those rights, and
that the attorney for the State is even now
prosecuting the men who claim to have exclu-
sive rights of wharfage; and the complaint
grows out of the fact that they have been
charging exorbitant rates and interfering with
commerce, and have grown up into an immense
monopoly. They claim that they are above the
legislation of the State, that the Legislature
cannot interfere with them, and it is a matter
of grievance to the city. They have held here-
tofore that they got their title to this property
in some way above the statute; and now the
framers of this constitution have determined
to bring their rights within the control of the
Legislature of the State, and it ought to be
there. A monopoly of this kind can so tax
commerce as to almost destroy it; that is, they
can put such a burden upon commerce as to
become a grievous tax to the citizens of the
whole State by imposing exorbitant wharfage.
This monopoly has been complained of, and it
is because of it that the people of Alabama
have put this clause in their constitution, and
v/e should not interfere with it. The effect of
it is to put the matter into the control of the
State, as it ought to be ; and the people ot the
State of Alabama who framed this constitution
will feel exceedingly grieved if we interfere,
because it is relieving them of an enormous
burden that they have been trying to throw off
in the courts for years, aiid if the power is put
in the hands of the Legislature of the State
, they can regulate it.
Mr. MORTON. It is admitted that a State
has a right to regulate the question of wh,tri-
age : and if it has a right to do that, it has a
right to provide that fees above a ceitain late
I shall not be exacted; that would be a ueces-
: I sary part of the regulation. It it cannot make
I that a part of the regulation, the right to regu-
late amounts to nothing, as 1 think,
Mr. CONKMNG. Allow me lo ask a ques-
tion for information. If this part of this con-
