PUBLIC ACTS OF THE FORTIETH CONGRESS
of tiie
UNITED STATES,
Passed at the Second Session, which was begun and held at the City of Washington, in the District of Columbia, on
Monday, the 2d day of December, A. D. 1867; was adjourned on Monday, the 2*1 th day of July, A. D. 1868, lo
meet on Monday, the list day of September; met on said 21 st day of September, and adjourned to meet on
Friday, the l&th day of October ; met on said 1 Qth day of October, and adjourned to meet on Tuesday, the 10th
day of November ; met on said 10th day of November, 1868, and ended the same day.
Andrew Johnson, President.
Benjamin P. Wade,, President of the Senate.
House of "Representatives.
Schuyler Colfax, Speaker of the
Chap. I.—An Act, granting a certain Right of
Way to the Hudson Kiver West Shore Rail-
road Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, the consent of the
United States is hereby given to the Hudson
Itiver West Shore Railroad Company to locate,
construct, and operate its railroad on the Shore
line, across the property belonging to the Gov-
ernment at West Point, in the State of New
York, upon such location and under such regu-
lations as shall be approved by the Secretary
of War.
Approved, December 14, 1807.
Chap. II.—An Act to provide for Changing of
Names of Persons in the District of Columbia.
He it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Samuel Chase Bar-
ney, jr., of the District of Columbia, be, and he
is hereby, authorized to change his name to
Samuel Chase De KrafFt, and that this act shall
take effect from December first, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any
person being a resident of the District of Colum-
bia, being desirous to have his or her name
changed, may file a petition in the supreme
court of the said District of Columbia, setting
forth therein the reasons therefor, and also the
name desired to be used ; notice of the filing
of such petition containing the substance and
prayer thereof shall be published for three con-
secutive weeks in some newspaper in general
circulation published in said District, prior to
the hearing of said petition. The said supreme
court, or the justice holding the civil term
thereof, on proof of such notice, and upon such
showing as may be deemed satisfactory, may
change the name of such applicant according
to the prayer of such petition.
Approved, December 20, 1867.
Chap. III.—An Act to prevent Frauds in the
Collection of the Tax on Distilled Spirits.
' Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Ame.ticain
Congress assembled, That from and after the
passage of this act no distilled spirits shall be
40th Conu. 2d Suss --No. 32.
withdrawn or removed from any warehouse for
the purpose of transportation, redistillation,
rectification, change of package, exportation,
or for any other purpose whatever, until the
full tax on such spirits shall have been duly
paid to the collector of the proper district. And
all acts and parts of acts inconsistent with the
provisions of this act be, and they are hereby,
repealed.
Approved, January 11, 1868.
Chap. V.—An Act to provide for the Exemp-
tion of Cotton from Internal Tax.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all cotton grown in
the CJnited States after the year eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven shall be exempt from
internal tax; and cotton imported from for-
eign countries on and after November first,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, shall be
exempt from duty.
Approved, February 3, 1868.
Ch,ip. VI.—An act to Suspend further Reduc-
tion of the Currency.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That from and after the
passage of this act the authority of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to make any reduction of
the currency, by retiring or canceling United
States notes, shall be. and is hereby, sus-
pended ; but nothing herein contained shall
prevent the cancellation and destruction of
mutilated United States notes, and the re-
placing of the same with notes of the same
character and amount.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
13. P. WADE,
Presideitt of the Senate pro tempore. \
Indorsed by the President : " Received Jan-
uary 23, 1868."
[Note by the Department of State.—The
foregoing act having been presented to the
President of the United States for his approval,
and not having been returned by him to the
House of Congress in which it originated within
the time prescribed by the Constitution of the
United States, has become a law without his
approval.]
Chap. VII.—An Act in relation to Taxing
Shares in National Banks.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the words " place
where the banks is located, and not else-
where," in section forty-one of the "act to
provide a national currency," approved June
third, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, shall
be construed and held to mean the State within
which the bank is located; and the Legislature
of each State may determine and direct the
manner and place of taxing all the shares of
national banks located within said State, sub-
ject to the restriction that the taxation shall
not be at a greater rate than is assessed upon
other moneyed capital in the hands of indi-
vidual citizens of such State: And provided
always, That the shares of any national bank
owned by non-residents of any State shall be
taxed in the city or town where said bank is
located, and not elsewhere.
Approved, February 10, 1868.
Chap. VIII.—An Act making Appropriations
to supply Deficiencies in the Appropriations
for the Execution of the Reconstruction
Laws, and for the service of the Quarter-
master's Department of the Government,
for the fiscal year ending June thirty, eight-
een hundred and sixty-eight, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in,
Congress assembled, That the following s>inna,
or so much thereof as may be necesswy,sbo, and
3he same are hereby, appropriated out of any
moneys in theTreasuiy not otherwise appro-
priated. for the objects hereinafter expressed,
for the fiscal jear ending June ihirty, eighteen
hundred and sixty eight, namely:
To provide for the expenses of e-inyiug into
effect the " act tu pro\ ide (ov the more efficient
government of the rebel States:" for the first
