498
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 25,
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
military district, the sum of fifty thousand dol-
lars ; for the second military district, the sura
of one hundred and ten thousand dollars ; for
the third military district, the sum of ninety-
seven thousand dollars ; for the fourth military
district, the sum of one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars; and for the fifth military dis-
trict, the sum of two hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars; making, in all, the sum of six
hundred and fifty-seven thousand dollars.
To supply deficiencies in the service of the
quartermaster's department, to wit:
For regular supplies, three million five hun-
dred thousand dollars. 1
For incidental expenses, seven hundred and !
fifty thousand dollars. I
For the purchase of cavalry and artillery
horses, four hundred thousand dollars. j
For transportation of the Army, seven mil- i
lion three hundred and fifty thousand dollars; !
making, in all, the sum of twelve million ;
dollars. !
Office of the Chief of Engineers. j
To supply .deficiencies in the office of the
chief of engineers, for blank books, stationery,
and miscellaneous items, two thousand dollars.
Building corner of F and Seventeenth streets.
To supply deficiency for fuel, compensation I
of fireman, and miscellaneous items, eight !
thousand dollars. j
LEGISLATIVE. i
Forincreased compensation to Congressional '
Printer, to June thirty, eighteen hundred and |
pixty eight, one thousand three hundred and
forty-four dollars and forty-four cents. ;
To supply a deficiency in the contingent
expenses of the House of Representatives for '
the present fiscal year, the following sums,
namely:
For stationery, fifteen thousand dollars:
Provided, That from and after the third day of
March, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, no
Senator or Representative shall receive any
newspapers except the Congressional Globe,
or stationery, or commutation therefor, ex-
ceeding one hundred and twenty-five doliars
for any one session of Congress.
For furniture, repairs, aud packing-boxes
for members, twenty thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For folding documents, including materials,
fifty thousand dollars.
For newspapers, twelve thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
To supply a deficiency in the contingent ex-
penses of the Senate for the present fiscal
year, namely:
For clerks to committees, and pages, horses,
and carryalls, thirty-three thousand eight hun-
dred and four dollars. ! !
For additional messengers and laborers, fif- jj
teen thousand dollars. ij
For labor and materials in the folding-room, [I
to be provided by the Sergeant-at-Arms, live jj
thousand dollars.
judiciary. !:
For salary of the marshal of the Supreme !]
Court of the United States from April third,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, to June
thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, at ,|
thirty-five hundred dollars per annum, four 1
thousand three hundred and fifty-five dollars j;
and seventy-seven cents. .■
department op education'.
For amount required for salary of Commis-
sioner to March tbirty, eighteen hundred and J
sixty-seven, one hundred and mncsty-two dol- !'
lars. jj
Sec. 2. And be it f urther enacted, That so '!
much of the first section of the act of March ![
third, eighteen hundred and nine, entitled "An j|
act further to amend the several acts for the ||
establishm-ent and regulation of the Treasury, 'j
War, and Navy Departments," as authorizes .
the President, on the application of the Secre-
tary of any Department, to transfer the moneys
appropriated for a particular branch of that
Department to another branch of expenditure
in the game Department, .be, and the s^wne is
hereby, repealed; and all acts;or parts of acts
authorizing such transfers of appropriations
be, and the same are hereby, repealed, and no
money appropriated for one purpose shall
hereafter be used for any other purpose than
that for which it is appropriated.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Speaker of ihe House of Representatives.
B. F. WADE,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
Indorsed by the President : " Keccived Fri-
day, January 31, 1808.
[Note by the Department of State.—The
foregoing act having been presented to the
President of the United States for his ap-
proval, and not having been returned by him
to the House of Congress in which it origin-
ated within the time prescribed by the Consti-
tution of the United States, has become a law
without his approval.]
Chap. IX.—An Act to facilitate the Collection
of the Direct Tax in the State of Delaware.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the valuation enum-
erated in the assessment list for direct tax in
the State of Delaware, completed April nine-
teenth, A. D. eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, being the valuation of real estate as
owned at or near the time of the completion
of said assessment, is hereby declared and
made a lawful assessment of the direct tax of
seventy-four thousand six hundred and eighty-
three dollars and thirty-three and one third
cents, apportioned to the State of Delaware by
virtue of an act of Congress entitled "An act
to provide increased revenue from imports to
pay interest on the public debt, and for other
purposes," approved August fifth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-one, upon the valuation
therein enumerated, with the same force and
effect as if made with reference to the date
mentioned in the thirteenth section of said act;
and that all existing provisions of law for the
collection of said direct tax in the loyal States,
except as provided in the fifty-third section
of said act shall be applicable to the collec-
tion of the tax t,herein assessed. The notifi-
cation of the time and place where appeals
would be received and determined relative to
said assessment, given by the assessor imme-
diately after said completion, shall be deemed
a lawful notice, and all proceedings under said
notice, and in general in relation to said assess-
ment, are hereby made as valid and legal as
they would have been had the assessment been
valid from its commencement.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
time within which the assessor is required to
deliver the assessment list to the collector shall
be within twenty days from the passage of this
act.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
lien provided for by the thirty-third section
shall be and remain in force during two years
after the taxes assessed in accordance with the
first section of this act shall become due and
payable.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all
necessary expenses in procuring copies of the
State assessment lists and for advertising con-
nected with the assessment and collection of
the tax shall be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the ac-
counts for such expenses being first approved
by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Approved. luibruarv 21, 1868.
Chap. X.—An Act to authorize the Southern
Minnesota Railroad Company to construct
and maintain a Bridge across the Mississippi
river and establish a Post Route.
Be it er^acted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Southern Mm
nesota Railroad Company, a corporation exist-
ing under the laws of the State of Minnesota,
is hereby authorized to construct and operate
a railroad bridge across the Mississippi river,
between the city of La Crosse, Wisconsin, and
a point opposite, in the State of Minnesota,
with the consent of the Legislatures of the
States of Minnesota and Wisconsin, and said
bridge by this act authorized to be constructed
is hereby declared a post route and subject to
all the terms, conditions, restrictions, and
requirements, and entitled to all the privi-
leges named in an act approved July twenty-
-fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, entitled
"An act to authorize the construction of cer-
tain bridges and to establish them as post
roads."
Approved, February 21, 1808.
CHAr. XI.—An Act in relation to Additional
Bounty.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That if any person or per-
sons entitled to the bounty provided by sec-
tions twelve and thirteen of the act making
appropriations for the civil service, approved
July twenty-eight, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, shall have died or shall die before receiv-
ing said bounty, it shall be paid to the heirs
of the soldiers as designated in said act in the
order therein named, and to none other.
Approved, February 21, 1868.
Chap. XIII.—An Act for the Protection in
certain cases of Persons making Disclosures
as Parties, or testifying as Witnesses.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That no answer or other
pleading of any party, and no discovery or
evidence obtained by means of any judicial
proceeding from any party or witness in this
or any foreign country, shall be given in evi-
dence, or in any manner used against such
party or witness, or his property or estate, in
any court of the United States, or in any pro-
ceeding by or before any officer of the United
States, in respect to any crime, or for the
enforcement of any penalty or forfeiture by
reason of any act. or omission of such party or
witness: Provided, That nothing in this aet
shall be construed to exempt any party or wit-
ness from prosecution and punishment for per-
jury committed by him in discovering or tes-
tifying as aforesaid.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That this
act shall take effect from its passage, and shall
apply to all pending proceedings, as well as to
those hereafter instituted.
Appcoved, February 25, 1868.
Chap. XV.—An Actto establish and declare the
Railroad and Bridges of the New Orleans,
Mobile, and Chattanooga Railroad Company,
as hereafter constructed, a Post Road, and
for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the -Senate and Mouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the New Orleans,
Mobile, and Chattanooga Railroad Company is
hereby authorized and empowered to construct,
build, and maintain bridges over and across the
navigable waters of the United States on the
route of said railroad between New Orleans
and Mobile, for the use of said company and the
passage of its engines, cars, and trains of cars,
passengers, mails, and merchandise thereou ;
and said railroad and its bridges aforesaid,
when constructed, completed, and in use, in
