614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
our present scale of taxation, and with the Sec-
retary of the Treasury constantly threatening
contraction and able to execute his threat, that
capital will not engage in any new enterprise
either North or South.
Commissioner Wells is right in prescribing
'* soothing and sustaining" rather than "he-
roic" treatment for our diseased body politic ;
and if the capitalists of the country do not wish
to swell the cry of repudiation till it shall be-
come the shibboleth of a party they had better
abate their demand for the further contraction
of the currency and consent to the repeal of
taxes that arc proving the correctness of Dean
Swift's proposition that " We can double the
taxes and diminish the income one half.'' The
rapid development of the wondrous resources
of our country and recuperation of the South
will, under happier conditions, soon swell the
volume of our exports beyond that of our im-
ports and enable us to recall our bonds from
abroad in exchange for commodities, and resume
specie payments without grinding into bank-
ruptcy or beggary the men of enterprise and
laborers of the country. In refutation of the
favorite theory of the contractionists that the
price of gold regulates the price of domestic
productions I pause to refer to the fact that the
difference between gold and greenbacks widens
daily, yet the purchasing power of a greenback
is now for almost every article of home pro-
duction twice what it was when the bulk of our
bonds were subscribed for, and is increasing
coevally with a steady rise in the price of gold.
The suit of clothes in which I stand, and which
I know to have been woven from pure Ohio
wool, was bought for forty dollars in green-
backs ; not from what is called a slop-shop, but
from the merchant tailors who have made my
clothes for years. In 1864 it would have cost
twice that sum. Many styles of cotton goods
which were commanding an advance of four
hundred per cent, at that time are now selling
at prices less than those they brought before
the war. If any gentleman be disposed to dis-
pute the increased general purchasing power of
f'eenbacks, irrespective of the price of gold,
recommend him to examine pages 42, 43, and
44 of the Report of the Special Commissioner
of Revenue. He will there find abundant evi-
dence of the fact.
Had Congress at the close of the war has-
tened to relieve the country of the taxes against
which I am protesting, and while avoiding any
expansion of the currency protected its volume
from diminution, and assured the people that
no essential change in its volume should be
made until the business of the country had
adjusted itself to the conditions of peace, pro-
duction would have advanced and our bonds
would hare been returning to us in the pockets
of emigrants or in settlement of a favorable
balance of trade, and millions of people North
and South, who are to-day eating bread they
have not earned, would have been busily em-
ployed and adding to the nation's wealth by
earning each day more than they consume. A
gradual decline in prices was inevitable, but it
would not have destroyed confidence and sus-
pended production, and with immensely in-
creased production, both agricultural and man-
ufacturing, there would have been no cry of a
"glut in the market.'' The people ofthe South,
whose agricultural stock and implements, fur-
niture and apparel, were exhausted during the
war, would have been supplying their wants by
the sale of the results of their industry. Under
the influence of northern capital and enterprise
water-power that now runs to waste through
cotton fields would have been moving spindles
and looms. Forges, furnaces, and rolling-mills
such as those the war developed at Chatta-
nooga, Atlanta, Lynchburg, and other points,
would be in profitable operation, and by sup-
plying merchantable iron diminishing our
dependence upon England and keeping down
that balance of trade which with the interest
on our bonds held abroad must prevent the
resumption of specie payments as long as we
continue the " heroic" treatment of sacrificing
all other interests in order to give increased
value to the hoarded wealth of the possessors
of "'realised riches." An increasing demand
for skilled labor in the South would also be a
powerful agent in the works of reconstruction
and the redemption of the country from finan-
cial embarrassment.
Mr. Chairman, Bishop Kingsley, in one of
his admirable letters from Europe, from Swe-
den, I think, stated that there were ten mil-
lion industrious peSple in Europe eager to
leave their fatherlands, cross the Atlantic,
and identify themselves with us. This state-
ment seemed to bear the aspect of exaggera-
tion, but is confirmed by the judgment of
every judicious traveler with whom I have
conversed. We have room for them all; we
need them all, and could give them "ample
room and verge enough'' in which to live
prosperously could the navies of the world
bring them all to us in a single year. We
need them on our vine and pasture lands and
our grain-fields; in our forests,"our mines,
and our ore-beds. We want the industrial
secrets and experience they possess, but which
have not been introduced into our country.
We need them to guide our magnificent water
powers running to waste, and so harness them
that they shall labor for us as they speed their
way to the sea. But would thgy better their
condition to come to us at this time? I fear
not. Most of them can live where they are,
and are used to the ills they suffer; but could
they hope to prosper as strangers in a strange
land, in which there is not adequatfe employ-
ment for the native workingman; in which
that most powerful of productive agents, the
steam-engine, is idle and powerless, and
machinery is decaying in inaction, because
the Government arbitrarily interferes with a
volume of currency to which all values had
adjusted themselves, and which as a medium
of exchanges in internal trade was enhancing
the wealth and power of the nation in a ratio
unprecedented in its history or the history of
the world?
Sir, it is in the power of Congress, by ream-,
mating the industry and restoring the confi-
dence of the country before the sun of May shall
have fitted the fields of the North for the plow,
to prepare a welcome for all these people who
may be able to Come to us. I have indicated
the principal measures by which this is to be
done. There are other measures suggested to
which I would gladly allude, but for the discus-
sion of which the future will offer more fitting
occasions. I have no fear for the distant future.
There is nothing in our condition to justify a
dread of repudiation. We are not poor and
exhausted, but are richer than we or any other
people ever were. I have shown that the coun-
try was richer at the close of the war by a newly
created productive power far more than equal
to the entire indebtedness created by the war.
I have pointed to the fact that the South, now
the home of freedom, will under its inspira-
tion be no longer a burden upon the exchequer
of the country for her postal system and other
Government service, as she has hitherto been,
but will contribute as liberally to its income as
the most prosperous portions of the North
have done or will do. Contraction of the cur-
rency and excessive taxation have temporarily
diminished our productive power, and may pro-
duce a period of most unhealthy agitation, but
the strife waging in our midst is, as I have shown,
the offspring of the natural desire of the pos-
sessors of riches to expedite and increase their
profits. But we are not here to legislate for
them beyond the protection of their just rights.
Our charge is far nobler than that; it is the
welfare of a great, intelligent and enterprising
people. Justice to all will injure none, and by
laboring to promote the welfare of the poor and
lowly we will do most to protect the property
and guaranty the rights of those whose estates
are largest. Were it in our power and within
the scope of our functions to organize a system
of cooperation, or by any other means to har-
monize the conflict between labor and capital—
employer and employed—it would confer the
highest blessing npon our country and give sta-
bility to every interest. There is, could we but
discover it, a solution of that difficult question,
and let us hope that with our vast wealth, our
immense bodies of public land, the intelligence
and enterprise of our people, we may solve the
difficult problem and by the the happy condi-
tion of our people compel the rulers of the Old
World to follow our example and guaranty to
everycitizen of their countries the right to exer-
cise every privilege and prerogative of a free-
man.
DEBT AND CURRENCY OK THE COUNTRY.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Chairman, I have
somewhat to> submit on the debt, and currency
of the country. Wffen I found myself elected
to this Fortieth Congress I felt, and all I saw
and heard tended to confirm the impression,
that the financial condition of the country was
the subject most worthy to engage the attention
of a Representative sincerely desirous of re-
lieving the industry of his constituents from
the burdens and embarrassments that were
weighing it down.
But the subject was many-sided, and in its
details quite complex and intricate: and, be-
sides, it lav out of the line of the studies to
which my life had been devoted. I felt, there-
fore, more sensibly than ever before, the want
of a guiding hand to conduct me through these
unfamiliar mazes of finance. I looked around
for an oracle, and I fouud so many, and heard
such discordant responses, that instead of
being enlightened and guided, I was bewildered
and puzzled. I doubt if the builders of Babel
understood each other so badly as the men
who, through newspapers, magazines, and
pamphlets, have discussed the fiscal affairs of
the country. A few weeks ago a public letter
from a distinguished source, marking out a
financial policy, was extensively read, which an
intelligent friend in the eastern part of the
State of Pennsylvania very earnestly com-
mended to my attention as a wise and compre-
hensive statement of what was best for us; and
about the same time a friend of equal intelli-
gence in the western part of the State wrote
me to express his sadness at the exhibition of
mental imbecility which the author of that let-
ter had presented. This illustrates the contra-
riety of opinion which prevails in regard to
every scheme of finance that is proposed. And
when I came into this House and listened to
honorable members I found the same diversity
of opinion that prevailed outside. A former
House, with singular unanimity, approved of
the policy of the Secretary of the Treasury for
contracting the volume of paper money; this
House suspended contraction. We repealed
the tax on cotton; the Senate virtually restores
it. Some gentlemen insist on paying the five-
twenty bonds in greenbacks; others deprecate
it as repudiation. Some would hasten a return
to specie payments; others would postpone it ap-
parently " to the last syllable of recorded time."
The national banks are praised and abused as
the wisest and the worst of institutions. Tariffs
and tax laws are made and altered until they
become so unwieldy as to defy the best efforts
to execute them. Public loans are proposed
to consolidate our debt at the same time we
are impairing the public credit. And thus
we flounder on, confounding and confounded,
darkening counsel with words, and settling
and adhering to no stable policy.
Now, sir, in the midst of all this jargon and
discord of opinion, I know of no wiser course
than to recur to certain great first principles
which are either universally confessed to be
true, or which can be easily defended. This
is necesSary in all seasons of doubt. The
storm-tossed mariner corrects his reckonings
by the meridian sun, the mathematician, when
lost in the labyrinths of the differential calculus
recurs to the axioms and first principles of
his science; and though in moral and political
science we have not the same simple and sure
standards of truth to appeal to, yet the habit
