4046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
italist. He is the man who would buy the
bonds. The laborer would not be able to buy
them. The man who gets three or four dol-
lars a day would not be able to buy them.
Mr. FRELINGIIUY8EN. The greenbacks
would be all the scarcer.
Mr. WILLIAMS. They would be nearer
worth specie then.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They might appreciate
somewhat, and I presume they would ; but the
idea that they would ever be in the hands of
the laborers, who get these small quantities of
them, is, in my judgment, an entire misappre-
hension. But suppose money to be plentiful;
they would be gathered up in that case—and
the more plentiful greenbacksare in the market
the less they will buy—by the man who is able
to take them in quantities to the amount of
$1,000, if you please, and he while money is
plenty transforms them into a bond which is
worth 105. That is for his benefit. The rule
works (and the more facilities you afford in
this way by these contrivances, the more it
works so invariably,) for the benefit of the
capitalist and against the man who is not a
capitalist and who is a day laborer, the man
you are talking about. Then the person who
has the funds gathers the funds and makes his
speculation upon the bonds.
But suppose it-changes and money becomes
scarce and he wants it: the man who has plenty
of bonds already, the capitalist, does not need
your greenbacks, but it is the people who are
doing business. He will change his bond back
again, but will he do it without a consideration?
Will he do it unless he finds he can make
money after he has done it, by lending out the
funds he gets? What else is it but giving him
another and additional premium for the use of
the very money with which he bought up the
bond originally? That will be, in my judgment,,
or very likely to be the operation of the whole
contrivance. The truth of the matter is, it will
have only one effect that I can perceive, and
that is indefinitely to put off specie payments,
to get out the whole amount of $400,000,000
of greenbacks and keep them out, because
there will be no inducement in the community
then to put them in; and it is only an escape
from what, if you would pursue any regular
system, you could accomplish in a very short
time; and that is, to bringus back to a regular,
stable currency that does not fluctuate from
day to day. You cannot reach it by any of
these contrivances in my judgment, and instead
of reaching it by this, you are only deferring
it to an indefinite period, and those who wish to
accomplish that end of course will support it.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a phrase that has
been much used in this discussion which im-
presses my mind at this moment. The Sen-
ator from Ohio has spoken of the " oscillation"
of these bonds. Let me confess that on this
identical question before us I have had an
oscillation of my own. When I first read this
section and undertook to study it, as I did most
carefully and conscientiously, I inclined against
it; I inclined to the course of reasoning which
the Senator from Maine has so ably presented
to-night, as he always presents his views. But
the more I have meditated, the more I have
studied it, the more I have been able to com-
municate with those elsewhere to whose judg-
ment I sometimes defer on questions of this
kind, the more I have been inclined to con-
cludc in favor of it.
And now let me state the process by which
I have been brought to my conclusion. In the
first place, as I studied it, I saw that this sec-
tion was, as the Senator from Ohio has told us
to-night., little more than a reproduction of a
clause in the original bill which at the same
time created the greenback, and also created
the five-twenty loan; for the greenback and
the five-twenty loan were born out of thesame
womb. You will find them defined and de-
scribed and taking their financial life out of
the same act of Congress. If you will refer to
that you will find, as the Senator from Ohio
told us to-night, that this very provision appears
there substantially. It was there provided that
the greenback might be turned at once on pre-
sentation into the five-twenty bond. Now, that
is what is proposed to do at this moment. It
was when I saw that in the original statute that
I was led, in the first place, to think more
favorably of this proposition.
As I undertook to analyze its character I saw
in it, as it seemed to me, an agency toward
specie payments. I call it an agency. The
Senator from Maine has made an ingenious
argument to show that, it might act in another
way. I do not think so. I think the action of
this provision would be toward specie pay-
ments; and I will tell you how I was brought
to that conclusion. By looking at any news-
paper you will see what the market value of the
greenback is, and the market value of the
bond. At this moment the greenback stands
at 71; the bond stands at seventy-six or sev-
enty-seven.
Mr. SHERMAN. Seventy-eight.
Mr. SUMNER. Seventy-eight; so much the
better. Now, there is the difference between
them. Just so sure as the bond stands at sev-
enty-six, seventy-seven, or seventy-eight, and
the greenback stands at seventy-one, as a mere
matter of business, there will be an irresistible
tendency of the greenback into the bond. What
is the consequence of that? The greenback
will be in demand; the greenback will be
raised in value; it will be lifted; it will be
nearly as good as gold. There will be a demand
for these bonds in Europe. What better opera-
tion could a great financial house in New York
—I will not mention any name, but Senators
may supply the name—do than, when green-
backs are at seventy-one and bonds in Europe,
for instance, are at seventy-six or seventy-
seven under this very provision, to turn their
greenbacks into bonds, send them to Europe,
and by the return mail get their cash ; and they
will make an operation which, in a business
point of view, is better than cotton or corn or
any other subject-matter of business would
enable them to make, so it seems to me. What
will be the irresistible tendency then ? The
bond will be raised in the market and the green-
back will be raised in the market. Both will
be raised, and both will be brought nearer than
they now are to an equality with gold. I believe
that is what we are all desiring.
That brings me to the question which the
Senator from Maine has just touched upon, as
to whether this proceeding should have in it
anything of stringency. Clearly not if it can
possibly be prevented. It. ought to be so con-
ducted, to have in it such elements of modera-
tion, of caution, of precaution, as will, if possi-
ble, prevent all stringency. The money market
should not be tightened beyond what might
necessarily grow out of the exigency of the
case; but, nevertheless, the business should
proceed, and as it proceeds the necessary and
the inevitable consequence of it, as it strikes
my mind, must be, in the first place, to elevate
the greenback, and then almost at the same
time, or immediately after, to elevate the bonds,
and, of course, to bring them both on a par
with gold.
I am at a loss to see any one specific meas-
ure which can possibly bring us by a shorter
cut to that conclusion than this very provision ;
and when I say that in my inquiries and stud-
ies I have been brought to this conclusion, I
say again that 1 have been brought to it against
my first judgment; that I have gone through
the processes, in my humble way, of course,
of reasoning that the Senator from Maine has
presented to-night. I have gone through them,
and I have been obliged to abandon them. It
seemed to me that they could not be sustained,
and that if we adopted them, if we founded
our conduct upon them, we should interpose
an impediment to specie payments. I want
specie payments. I do want that instrument-
ality of peace in this country. I wish to have
the anarchical condition of our finances brought
to an end. I want that repose which we are
now seeking to establish in our politics trans-
ferred also to our finances. I believe that this
whole bill is a very important measure in that
direction; and among the agencies of this bill
I do not put as the least this very third section.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I move
to strike out the third section, and I beg to
assign briefly my reasons for making the
motion.
To enable myself to comprehend the bear-
ings of this section I begin by considering the
bargain we are about to make. I understand
that, in substance, to be this: having determ-
ined for ourselves that an opportune time to
refund has arrived, we propose to put it into
obligations binding us for at least twenty years
to pay interest amounting now, as far as we
can see, to about ten per cent. If any Sena-
tor thinks I overstate this, I beg him to notice
the way in which it computes itself. A bond,
not redeemable until after twenty years, is to
be issued bearing five per cent, interest in coin.
With gold at 140, theinterest is precisely seven
per cent. Taking taxes as they are in the
State from which I come, three per cent is to
be added for the immunity, unknown up to
this time in our Federal obligations, which is
to be conferred upon these bonds. I have
been looking at some of the previous loan laws,
and none of them affect to exempt Govern-
ment securities from anything but State taxes.
Here is a provision peculiar in itself, peculiar
in its effect, and I am afraid destined to be
somewhat more peculiar in the manner it will
strike the common eye:
Which said bonds shall be exempt from taxation
in any form by or under State, municipal, or local
authority, and the same and the interest thereon,
and tlio income therefrom, shall be exempt from the
payment of all taxes or duties to the United States,
other than such income tax as may be assessed upon
other incomes.
I say, then, including this unprecedented
immunity, we so far favor the obligations which
we are to issue that, to begin with, as I under-
stand it, they bear an interest, with the equiv-
alents of interest, amounting to not less than
ten per cent.
Now, sir, by this section, which does not
strike me as being an oscillating section, but
which is rather a provision for an automatic,
currency, a self-adjusting volume of currency,
first of all, it seems to me, (and I submit with
great deference to the Senator from Maine that
that is the way to put it, rather than to accept
the idea that it is to elevate the greenback in
the market,) we reduce these favorite secur-
ities which we are to issue to par, to par in
paper. I understood the honorable Senator
from Maine to accept, for argument or illustra-
tion's sake, the idea that we were to appreciate
greenbacks by this, and that the greenbacks
were to become worth 105. Not at all. I sub-
mit.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not accept it. I
said I supposed they would appreciate some-
what; but I did not believe for practical pur-
poses they would appreciate except for the
purpose of buying bonds.
Mr. CONKLING-. I am aware that the
Senator made that qualification ; but I mean
for the purpose of buying bonds, and 1 submit
to him and I ask him to consider whether it is
not true that greenbacks are not to be appre-
ciated at all even for the purpose of buying
bonds? Why? For the reason which the
Senator so clearly stated, which led to the re-
peal of the provision, so unlike this, in the law
of 1862, to which this has been likened. There
was a provision that a man having greenbacks
in requisite quantity might take them to the
fiscal agent of the Government, and in lien of
them receive a bond, and there it stopped.
What was the reason, borrowing the expression
of the honorable Senator from Maine, that the
Government, eventually "shuffled out" of this
provision? Because, as the Senator said, and
as is perfectly obvious, we thereby established
a standard for the bonds, above which they
could not go, and which irrevocably fixed their
value at par, par in paper. Why ? Because a
bit of paper stamped by the Government with
"$100" bought a bond for $100; did it not?
And, therefore, just as much as a bank note
formerly, anterior to the suspension of 1857,
