2000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
amendment will not be agreed to. I did not
happen to be present in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union when this
amendment was offered, or I should have raised
the question of order on it. I came in the
next day and in a few words discussed the ob-
ject of this amendment. Since then I have
received a great number of protests from the
people along the lake shore against throwing
aside these revenue cutters. It is certainly im-
politic to do so until the Committee on Com-
merce give us some substitute for them.
This amendment contemplates laying up in
ordinary these revenue cutters, built two years
ago at a cost of $1,000,000. Although, per-
haps, some better system may be substituted,
I claim we ought not to lay up these cutters
and leave our lake coast exposed to smugglers
without some substitute to protect it. I
hope the House will not concur in the amend-
ment. I am content the Committee on Com-
merce should bring in a bill regulating this whole
subject at the proper time, and then I will go
with them. I hope the House will consent that
this measure may be rejected in the form it is
now presented.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
I hope the House will adopt the amendment
of the committee. I understand that remon-
strances have been received from certain por-
tions of the lake coast in relation to these rev-
enue cutters. It is entirely evident from the
language of these remonstrances that they were
deceived as to the purport of the amendment.
These remonstrances were against the sale of
these vessels. I myself would be for the sale
of these vessels out and out, as being utterly
useless for any purpose, while they are an ex-
pense to the Government annually of $103,000.
I will state, what I think I stated in the com-
mittee the other day, something of the history
of these revenue cutters. Up to 1865,1 think,
when they were built, we had no such cutters
upon the lakes. We were at no such vast ex-
gense for revenue purposes. The Treasury
'apartment did not come here and ask us to
build six revenue cutters for the purpose of
protecting the revenue. The Treasury De-
partment neither asked nor desired any such
thing, and the Treasury Department takes
credit to itself for not having recommended
the building of these steamers. They were
built upon the mere notion of Congress, with
no consultation whatever with the Treasury
Department or any other Department.
They wore not necessary to protect the rev-
enue. They were built as a war measure,
merely in the fear ,we might have some diffi-
culty with Great Britain and with the Canadas,
and hence this act for building these revenue
cutters was put through both branches of Con-
gress with railroad speed. Now that war is
ended, when there is no real necessity for keep-
ing up these vessels, I ask what justilication
there is for it ? The Treasury Department has
not sent in anycommunication thatiam aware
of asking us to continue these revenue cutters.
If they were a necessity for the protection of
the revenue, and if these revenue cutters,
large and unwieldy as they are, were best
adapted for that purpose, then I, of course,
should be against the amendment and for keep-
ing up these revenue cutters.
But there is no such necessity. We can
with one-tenth part of the appropriations
which are required every year to keep up
these revenue cutters protect the revenue
upon these lakes more completely and more
thoroughly than we do it now. I do not
wonder at these remonstrances coming from
some of the lake ports in regard to these ves-
sels. 1 know how easy it is to get them up.
I know it may be a pleasant thing for some of
these places along the Jakes to have revenue
cutters lying off the coast to be used for pic-
nic'excursions. It is a very fine thing for the
revenue officers, and I can very well under-
stand how these gentlemen, who are in com-
mand, high-toned, elegant gentlemen as they
are, making their acquaintances on the shore,
can go with their remonstrances to the people,
and convince them that it is very unwise to
have these revenue cutters taken away.
But, sir, I think the taxpayers have something
to say. I think they will ask us what is the neces-
sity of these revenue cutters there. Sir, they
have already asked me that question in letters I
have received from men living upon the lakes.
And the gentleman from the Binghampton dis-
trict of New York, [Mr. Hclburd,] and the
gentleman from the Oswego district, [Mr.
Churchill,] and all those who are in a posi-
tion to know about this matter, have told me,
as they will tell the House to-day, that there
is no real necessity for these cutters. That
being the case, I ask if it is right and proper
for us to appropriate this large amount of
money every year ?
Mr. CHURCHILL. Mr. Speaker, I intro-
duced this amendment believing that the op-
portunity was presented here for saving to the
Treasury a very large amount of money. I
will call the attention of the House to a few
facts in regard to these revghue cuttors in ad-
dition to what has been stated by the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Wasixburnk.]
Before the commencement of the war we
were for many years without any revenue cut-
ters at all on those lakes. Some twenty years
ago there was one on Lake Ontario and the
St. Lawrence river, and I think one on the
upper lakes. The one on the St. Lawrence
river and Lake Ontario was withdrawn, taken
around by the coast, and put into service on
the Atlantic. Shortly before the war there
were some live or six schooners of small cost
and annual expense employed on the lakes as
revenue cutters ; but their service was not lor
the purpose of preventing smuggling. Their
principal service, as I understand, was to con-
vey to the light-houses along the lakes their
supplies of oil and other things which they
might desire for use. When the war broke
out in 1801, and the Government was in great
want of transportation upon the ocean, all of
these cutters, these sailing vessels, were with-
drawn, taken to the coast, and put into use by
the Government there; so that we were left
without any revenue cutters upou the lakes for
some three or four years, except that, I think,
in 1803, a single small steamer was built on
some one of the upper lakes. After the St.
Albans raid in 1804, and after various other
hostile demonstrations from Canada against
our people, a notice, which was required to be
given by the treaty of 1817 before we could in-
crease our armed force on the lakes, was given
to the British Government. The six months'
notice expired in November, 1864, and upon
the very lirst day of the assembling of Con-
gress in December, 1804, a bill was introduced
for the construction of six revenne cutters as
a war measure, under the impulse of the fears
which were then existing ot' hostile expeditions
from Canada. That bill passed both Houses
almost without discussion, and in less than
three weeks it received the signature of the
President and became a law.
These cutters were not built in such a form
as they would have been if they had been in-
tended simply to prevent smuggling on those
lakes. Instead of that they were proper war
vessels, with an armament of very considerable
power, which would enable them in any emer-
gency to give a very good account of themselves
on the lakes. Hence I am entirely opposed
to having these cutters withdrawn from the
lakes and sold. They should be kept upon the
lakes. They should be there in such condition
as that they could be made prompt use of if at
any time our relations with Canada should re-
quire their use; but in the meanwhile, when
no such necessity for their use exists, it is folly,
as it appears to me, that we should be expend-
ing $103,000 a year just to keep these vessels
afloat. They can be laid up and kept in perfect
order at a very trifling expense to the Govern-
ment; and then, wheneverthe emergency shall
arise, if it ever does arise, these vessels will be
there ready for use if they are wanted.
It is suggested that the British Government
are about putting afloat upon these lakes some
vessels of their own, and that for that reason
we should keep these vessels afloat. But it
will be recollected that these vessels are being
put upon the lakes by the British Government
because an armed hostile organization, extend-
ing through this country and Canada, and which
has stood in hostile array upon Canadian soil
more than once in the last twelve months, is
now in existence, and it is for the purpose of
providing against danger from that source that
these vessels are about to be put on the lakes
jby the British Government. The dangers are
now existing in Canada leading to that measure
which existed in 1864 on our part, leading to
our putting vessels of war afloat on the lakes;
but now, since the danger to us has disap-
peared, the Government, or rather the tax-
payers of the country, should be relieved from
this unnecessary expense. I move the pre-
vious question on the amendment.
Mr. SPALDING. Will the gentleman with-
draw tlmt. for a moment?
Mr. CHURCHILL. I will do so.
Mr. SPALDING. It is admitted by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Churchill,]
who moves this amendment, that he did not
contemplate disposing of these six steam rev-
enue cutters. He would not deem it advisa-
ble to have them disposed of, because they
may be wanted by and by upon the lakes as
an armament for the protection of our com-
merce.
Now, I supposed the object the gentleman
had in view by recommending that they be
laid up in ordinary was that they should be
disposed of altogether. 1 have a stronger ob-
jection to letting these valuable vessels rot in
the way proposed, for we have no ship-houses
in which they can be placed for safety to pro-
tect them from the weather. They must neces-
sarily be undergoing a process of decay if they
are laid up as this amendment proposes.
But the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
burke] says that the citizens upon the lake
shores who have remonstrated against this
amendment remonstrate simply against a sale
of the vessels. They use the word "sale,"
but they mean by it that the vessels shall not
be taken out of their present employment.
They say that they have a valuable commerce
upon this chain of lakes, which we all know
they have ; one the value of which it is very
difficult to estimate. These vessels are now,
running as they do during the summer season,
of inestimable value to that commerce. They
have strong engines. They are frequently em-
ployed to relieve our merchant ships which are
cast aground; they can take them off more
readily than any other power that can be ap-
plied. In that way they are useful. But as
a preventive force against smugglers they are
certainly necessary along that line of coast so
long as we attempt to interdict smuggling and
prevent depredations upon our revenue.
I say, upon all accounts, upon every con-
sideration, it is inexpedient to adopt this
amendment, and dispose of these vessels in the
way which is now suggested. We want, along
that long line of navigable coast, to sec occa-
sionally the American Hag displayed. We
have opposite to it the long line of coast of a
nation which has been in times past our enemy.
They may become inimical again. They are
putting upon the lakes their armed vessels
now. May not we keep there five or six rev-
enue cutters to show occasionally their guns
atid the American ensign, that they may see
what they may expect if they should make
us trouble upon those waters? In behalf of
the population of that long line of coast I
remonstrate against the adoption of this amend-
ment, and I hope theHousewillnotagreetoit.
Mr. PKTERS. I ask the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Churchill] to yield to me to
move an amendment to the amendment of the
Committee of the Whole, to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to sell these vessels
to the best advantage, at public or private sale,
and to pay over the proceedsintothe Treasury.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I cannot yield to the
gentleman for that purpose.
