1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
appointed for them. Unquestionably States
have rights under the Constitution, which we
are bound to respect; nay more, which are a
source of strength and advantage. It is through
the States that the people everywhere govern
themselves, and our Nation is saved from a
central domination. Here is the appointed
function of the States. They supply the
machinery of local self-government for the
convenience of life, while they ward off the
attempts of an absorbing imperialism. But
there can be no State Rights against Human
Rights. Because a State, constituting partof
a Nation dedicated to Human Bights, may gov-
ern itself and supply the machinery of local
self-government, it does not follow thai suck a
State may deny Human Rights within its bor-
ders. State Rights, when properly under-
stood, are entirely consistent with the main-
tenance of Human Rights "by the Nation.
The State is not humbled when it receives the
mandate of the Nation to do no wrong; nor
can ihe Nation err when it asserts everywhere
within its borders the imperialism of Human
Rights. Against this righteous supremacy all
pretensions of States must disappear as dark-
ness before the King of Day.
The song of State Rights has for its constant
refrain the asserted Equality of the States.
Is it not strange that words so constantly em-
ployed, as a cover for pretensions against
Human Rights, cannot be found in the Consti-
tution ? It is true, that by the laws of nations,
all sovereign States, great or small, are equal;
but this principle has been extended without
authority to States created by the Nation and
made a part of itself. There is but one active
provision in the Constitution which treats the
States as equal, and this provision shows how
this very Equality may be waived. Every
State, large or small, has two Senators, and
the Constitution places this Equality of States
under its safeguard by providing that " no State
without its consent shall be deprived of its
sujj'rage in the Senate." But this very
text contains what lawyers might call a "neg-
gative pregnant," being a negation of the right
Us change this rule, with an affirmation that it
■may be changed. The State with its consent
may be deprived of its equal suffrage in the
Senate. And this is the whole testimony of the
Constitution to that Equality of States, which is
now asserted in derogation of all compacts or
conditions. It is startling to find how con-
stantly the obvious conclusions from the text
of the Constitution have been overlooked.
Even in the contemplation of the Constitution
itself, a State may waive its equal suffrage in
the Senate, so as to be represented by a single
Senator only. O f course, all this must depend
*>n its own consent, in concurrence with the
Nation. Nothing is said of the manner m
which this consent may be given or accepted
by the Nation. But it this important limita-
tion can in any way be made the subject of
agreement or compact, pray, sir, where will
you stop? What other power or prerogative
of the State may not be limited also, especially
"where there is nothing in the Constitution
against any such limitation All this I adduce,
simply by way of illustration. There is no
"question now of any limitation in the just
sense of this term. A condition in tavor of
Human Rights cannot be a limitation on a
State or on a citizen.
If we look further and -see liow the senatorial
equality of States obtained recognition m the
Constitution, we shall find now occasion to
admire that facility which has accorded to this
concession so powerful an influence j &^d here
the record is explicit. The National Conven-
tion had hardly assembled, when the small
States came forward with^ their pretensions*
Not content with suffrage in the Senate, they
insisted upon equal sutfrage in the House ot
Representatives. They had in their favor the
rale of the Continental Congress and also or
the Confederation, under which each State had
one vote. Assuming to be independent sove-
reignties, they had also in their favor the rule
40xh Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 190.
of International Law. Against these preten-
sions the large States pleaded the simple rule
of justice, and here the best minds concurred.
On this head the debates of the Convention
are interesting. At an early day, we find Mr.
Madison moving that " the equality of suffrage
established by the Confederation ought not to
prevail in the National Legislature." This
proposition, so consistent with reason, was
seconded by Q-ouverneur Morris, and accord-
ing to the report "being generally relished,"
was about being adopted, when Delaware, by
one of her voices on the floor, protested, say-
ing, that, in case it were adopted, " it might
become the duty of her delegates to retire from
the Convention." Such was the earliest cry
of secession. Gou verneur Morris, while observ-
ing that the valuable assistance of these dele-
gates could not be lost without real concern,
gave his testimony, that " the change pro-
posed was so fundamental an article in a Na-
tional Government, that it could not be dis-
pensed with." {Eliot-, Debates, vol. o, p.
135.) Mr. Madison followed by saying very
justly that " whatever reason might have
existed for the equality of suffrage when the
Union was Federal among sovereign States,
it must cease, when a National government
should be put in its place." Franklin, in
similar spirit, reminding the Convention that
the equal suffrage of the States '' was submitted
to originally under a conviction of its im-
propriety, inequality, and injustice." (Ibid.,
p. 181.) This is strong language from the
wise old man ; but very true. Elbridge Gerry,
after depicting the States as intoxicated with
the idea of their sovereignty, said that " the
injustice of allowing each an equal vote was
long insisted on; that he voted for it; but that
it was against his judgment and under the
pressure of public danger and the obstinancy
of the lesser States." (Ibid., p. 259.) Against
these overwhelming words of Madison, Morris,
Franklin, and Gerry, the delegates from Dela-
ware pleaded nothing more than that without an
equal suffrage, " Delaware would have about
one ninetieth for its share in thegeneral coun-
cils, while Pennsylvania and Virginia would pos-
sess one third of the whole;" and New Jersey,
by her delegates, pleaded also that it would
not be safe for Delaware to allow Virginia six-
teen times as many votes as herself." (Ibid.
p. 211.) On the part of the small States, the
effort was for power disproportioned to size.
On the part of the large States there was a
protest against the injustice and inequality of
these pretensions, especially in a Government
national in its character. The question was
settled by thegreat compromise of the Constitu-
tution, according to which representation in the
House of Representatives was proportioned to
population, while each State was entitled to
an equal suffrage in the Senate. To this extent
the small States prevailed, and_ the Senate
ever since has testified to the equality of States,
or, rather, according to the language of the
Federalist on this very point, it has been the
"palladium to the residuary sovereignty of
the States." (Federalist, No. 43.) Thus, by
the pertinacity of the small States, was this
concession extorted from the Convention, in
defiance of every argument of justice and
equity and contrary to the judgment of the best
minds ; and now it is exalted into a universal
rule of constitutional law, before which justice
and equity must hide their faces.
This protracted and recurring conflict in the
Convention is compendiously set forth oy our
great authority, Judge Story, when he says,
"it constituted one of the great struggles
between the large and the small States, which
was constantly renewed in the Convention and
impeded it in every step of its progress iu the
formation of the Constitution. The struggle
applied to the organization of each branch of
the Legislature. The small States insisted
upon an equality of vote and representation in
each branch; and the large States upon a vote
in proportion to their relative importance and |
population. The small States at length yielded i
the point, as to an equality of representation
in the House; but they insisted upon an equal-
ity ia the Senate. To this the large States
were unwilling to assent; and for a time thfe
States were on this point equally divided."
(1 Story, Commentaries, Vol. 1 $ 694.) This
summary is in substantial harmony with my
own abstract of the debates. I present it
because I would not seem in any way to over-
state the case. And here let me add most
explicitly, that I lend no voice to any com-
plaint against the small States ; nor do I sug-
gest any ehange in the original balances of our
system, I insist only that the victory achieved
in the Constitution by the small States shall
not be made the apology for a pretension incon-
sistent with Human Rights. For the sake of a
great cause the truth must be told.
It must not be disguised that this pretension
has another origin outside the Constitution.
This is in the Ordinance of 1787, where it is
positively provided that any State, formed out
of the Northwest Territory, "shall be admitted,
by its delegates, into the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, on an equal footing with the original
States in all respects.'' (Hickey's Constitution,
p. 425.) Next after the equal suffrage in the
Senate stands this provision with its talismanic
phrase, equal footing. New States are to be
admitted on an equal footing with the original
States in all respects whatever. This language
is strong; but nobody can doubt that it must
be read in the light of the Ordinance where it
appears. Read in this light its meaning can-
not be questioned. By the Ordinance there
are no less than six different articles of com-
pact "forever unalterable unless by common
consent," constituting so many perpetual safe-
guards ; the first perpetuating religious liberty ;
the second perpetuating trial by jury, habeas
corpus, and judicial proceedings, according to
the course of the common law ; the third per-
petuating schools and the means of education ;
the fourth perpetuating the title of the United
States in the soil without taxation, the freedom
of the rivers as highways, and the liability of
the people for a just proportion of the national
debt; the fifth perpetuating the right of the
States to be admitted into the Union on an
equal footing with the other States; and then,
next in order, the sixth perpetuating freedom—
being that immortal condition, which is the
golden bough of this mighty oak, " that there
shall be neither slavery nor involuntary servi-
tude in the said territory." Now it is clear
that subjection to these perpetual conditions
was not considered in any respect inconsistent
with that "equal footing" which was stipu-
lated. Therefore, even assuming that States
when admitted shall be on an "equal footing"
with others, there can be no hinderanee to any
conditions by Congress kindred to those which
were the glory of the Ordinance.
To all who, borrowing a catch-word from
slavery, assert the Equality of States in dero-
gation of fundamental conditions, I oppose the
plain text of the Constitution, which contains
no such rule, except in a single instance, and
there the equality may be waived; and I oppose
also the Ordinanceof 1787, which, while requir-
ing that new States shall be admitted on an
" equal footing" with other States, teaches by
its own great example, that this requirement
is not inconsistent with conditions of all kinds
and especially in favor of Human Rights. The
Equality of States on the lips of slave-masters
was natural, for it was a plausible defense
against the approaches of Freedom; but this
unauthorized phrase, which has deceived so
many, must be rejected now, so far at least as
it is employed against the Equal Rights of all.
As one of the old garments of slavery, it must
be handed to the flames.
From this review, it is easy to see that we
approach the present qjtestion without any
impediment or constraint in the Constitution.
Not a provision, not a clause,_ not a sentence,
not a phrase in the Constitute can be made
an apology even for the present objection.
Absolutely nothing; and here I challenge reply.
