i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61?
dier who fought our battles, and the soldier's
willow, the day-laboivr. and all the other most
meritorious creditors of the Government.
So long, sir, as you will maintain two legal
tenders, of diverse values, I shall vote for pay-
ing "all debt.-.,'' not expressly excepted, in the
cheapest of those tenders. If yon will pay the
most meritorious creditors of the Government
in greenbacks, they are good enough, in my
judgment, for those bondholders whom the
liouor^ble gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cary]
has found to be no more patriotic thau other
people.
But, sir, I do not believe that Congress had
any constitutional power to make greenbacks
a legal tender. 1 know the courts of last
resort in several States have decided the act of
1S02 to be constitutional, by a bare majority
of judges, and the Supreme Court of the United
States have not yet passed upon the question.
So far as the judicial mind of the country has
been expressed upon the subject, 1 confess my-
self bound to regard the act as constitutional,
and would, therefore, lor the present vote for
applying it to all debts, public and private,
which are not excepted from its operation; but
believing it to be of evil example, destructive
of that good faith which should belong to all
contracts, violative of the constitutional rights
of citizens, and not within the delegated pow-
ers which we are sent here to exercise, I would
wipe all such stains out of our statute-book.
The effect of repealing that bad legislation
would be happy in many respects. It would
take away the ugly question started by Air.
Pendleton and so fieroely discussed on this
floor, because, instead of leveling the bond-
holder down to the other creditors, it would
level the other creditors up to the bondholder.
It would bring us back to gold and silver, the
constitutional currency, which 1 was sorry to
hear the honorable gentleman [Mr. Cary]
sneer at as "hard money" and ''the idol of
the Democratic heart." It is hard, to be sure,
hard to get and hard to keep, but while you
kee_p it it is so hard that it will not perish on
your hands. That it is Democratic money is
also true, because it is constitutional, and I
need not tell so intelligent a gentleman as my
frieud from Ohio that all thiugs which are con-
stitutional are democratic.
And if we would repeal this law by easy
stages, as I propose, it would occasion the
country no shock; while, if it should happen
to be knocked in the bead in the Supreme
Court, the multifarious interests that are bound
up in it would for a time be greatly damaged.
These are my reasons for suggesting immediate
steps for a gradual repeal of a law that has done
us more dishonor and injury than any other
enactment of our day,
I will not to-day argue the constitutional
question, but I wish to bring to the notice of
the committee the collocation of the thoughts
which led to the enactment of the legal-tender
law of 18G2, as contained in the report of the
Comptroller of the Currency, which has been
laid upon our desks. If gentlemen will look
into that report they will see that all the lead-
ing members of both Houses placed the law,
not upon the Constitution, but upon '"uncon-
trollable necessity,'" "the unusual exigencies
of the country," "necessity, not choice."
Mr. Sherman, of Ohio, brought out sharply
the prevailing thought when he said, j'The
Senator from Vermont, (Mr. Collamer,) whose
opinion is certainly entitled to the highest con-
sideration, and who supports it with an able
argument, contends that this measure is uncon-
stitutional. I confess," he adds, "if I did not
feel its necessity, I would shield myself behind
his conviction and vote against it." Not a,
voice seems to have been raised in behalf of
the constitutionality of the measure, but the
necessities of the time, real or imagined, were
permitted to set aside the Constitution, And
inch has been the linei of argument in the
courts, as if necessity were a higlmr law than,
the Constitution. I will not enter into these
questions to-day, but I beg leave to refer to
and ^
on the
words:
quote an opinion, which I put upon record
the 24th ot May, 18tio, in ; tie following
lIs :
"By overthrowing the specie basis and flooding
the country with a depredated paper currency at a 1
time when the Government was the chief purchaser
and consumer ot' the products of the country, it raided
prices on itself and unnecessarily augmented the
public debt, which will be a burden upon the indus-
try of the eountry. Did the people grant to tlicir
Representatives the power to do this thing? Tliey
granted the power to furnish a metallic currency,
but in what pait of the fundamental law did they
grant the power to take it away? If it bo true that
war cannot bo carried on without paper money, it is
not true that war requires paper money to bo innde a
legal tender. Our Government has carried on several
wars, foreign nnd domestic,and a commerce that lias
penetrated ever}'part of the frio be upon a paper cur-
rency, State and Federal, having a sound specio basis,
without making a dollar of that paper currency a
leial tender. Where, then, is the ground for the
assumption that these acts of Congress were demanded
by the exigencies of our oivil war? llad Congress
borrowed gold and silver enough at current rates to
maintain the specie basis of our paper currency the
debt of the country had been less than half what it is
to-day, and no effort of the Government to subdue
the rebellion would have lacked energy or effect."
These, Mr. Chairman, were my convictions
three years ago, and subsequent observation
and reflection have tended to confirm them.
And it gives toe great pleasure to see how
strongly corroborative of these views are the
observations of Secretary McCulloch in his
late report, especially on page lo. He there
says in terms that the "financial evils under
which the country has been suffering for some
years past, to say nothing of the dangers which
loom up in the future are in a great degree to
be traced to the direct issues by the Govern-
ment, an unconvertible currency with the legal
attributes of money."
When the necessities of the hour were so
strongly insisted on in 1802 the evils and dan-
gers to which our minister of finance alludes
ought not to have been ^prgotten. A really
prudent statesmanship would not have over-
looked them, nor have underrated the evil
consequences of impairing the obligations of
contracts, of inflating prices, of stimulating
rash speculations and lavish expenditures, and
inducing high taxation. All these are demor-
alizing agencies and forces, and they have led
to loss of credit, onerous debt, the most daring
frauds upon the revenue, a general derange-
ment of the business of the country, and a
debasement of the moral sense of the people.
Such are some of the consequences of substi-
tuting printed rags for the constitutional cur-
rency, that "idol of the Democratic heart"—
silver and gold—which are the- measures of
value throughout the civilized world, and which
was our standard from the adoption of the
Constitution of 1787 until overthrown by the
act of Congress of 18G2.
My next thought is, that if we would repair
the mistakes of the past and get back to specie
1 payments we must curtail the expenses of the
i Government. And the first and most obvious
reform would be to abandon that crazy policy
which, with grim facetiousness, we call recon-
struction. Here are ten States, some of them
older than any of us, all of them fully organized
with legislative, executive and judicial depart-
ments after the model of all the republican
States of our Federal Union, known at all times
by the same names and boundaries they have
to-day, except Virginia, whom we have carved
; in twain against her consent, what reconstruc-
tion do they need? If the proposition was to
, restore the Old Dominion to her fair proportions,
' reconstruction would, so far. be intelligible ; bat
as it does not mean this, what doeB it mean?
Those State*,, according to the doctrine of the
Declaration of Independence, which certain
gentlemen am fond, of misquoting, were "free
and independent States," and originally had
" full powejr tQ levy war, concludepeace, con-
tract alliances, establish commerce, and to do
all other acts and things which independent
I States may of right do." Such States may con-
federateand they did confederate. Such States
might form a mora perfect union, and they did
so under theConstitatjoaof the United States.
Tta&infttrumeat contemplated a permanentaud
irrepealable Union, because it did not antici-
pate any infractions or violations of its provis-
ions. But it so happened that it was violated,
and then those ten Stales, considering that a
bargain broken on one side, was broken oil all
sides, repealed their acts of accession to the
Federal Union and passed ordinances of seces-
sion. That brought on war which resulted in
compelling them to repeal their ordinances of
secession, which had the effect of restoring their
acts of accession. For it is a rule of the com-
mon law that when a statute which repeals a
prior statute is itself repealed the prior statute
is revived. Besides, every department of the
Federal Government treated the ordinances of
secession as null and void. Ordinances and
statutes which are null and void, and which
are repealed in form by the power that passed
them, are as if they had never been passed.
They impaired not the vitality and integrity
of the States. What the war overthrew was
the southern confederacy, not the southern
States.
Now, through all this process of secession,
formati on of the southern confederacy, and war,
these States werealiveand actingas States, with
the same form ofgovernmentthey adopted from
the first. Our armies had indeed overrun them
and had suspended the civil functions of some
of their officers, and the President wisely con-
sidered that, as he was the Commander-in-Chief,
it was his duty at the close of the war to so with-
draw his Army as to set those States on their
legs again and restore them to their normal con-
dition. This he was accomplishing peacefully
and naturally when some evil genius whispered
into the ear ofthe legislative department that re-
construction belongs to them, and straightway
legislators set about impeaching the President
and enacting a series of harsh and vindictive
measures that could only be carried out by a
standing army and could result in nothing but
the domination of the negro over the white race.
And these destructive measures are what are
called, by agreat abuse of language, reconstruc-
tion. Upon the plain statement of historical
facts which I have made it is apparent that
readmission of these fully-constructed States
into the Union, at the close of the war, would
not only have cost us nothing, but would have
saved us a large and unnecessary expenditure,
besides bringing into productive contribution
to our commerce one of the most fertile regions
of the whole country. Under the ill-starred
measures to which I have alluded the President
tells us in his message that the payments at the
Treasury on account of the service of the War
Department from January 1 to October 29,
1867, a period of ten months, amounted to the
amazing sum of $109,807,000 ! Although all
of this sum was not expended in keeping the
Southdown under the military heel the greater
part of it was, for the President immediately
adds, "The expenses of the military establish-
ment, as well as the numbers of the Army, are
now three times as great as they ever had been
in time of peace."
Military expenses and numbers three times
as great as ever before in times of peace.
Why? Why this waste? Is not this a time of
peace? Have not the rebels grounded the
arms of their rebellion ? Why are a hundred
millions of the people's money thrown away
upon the Army when public debt and taxes
are weighing labor down to the earth? That
"reconstruction" may have free course and
be glorified. This is the whole cause and rea-
son of this reckless expenditure. And by many
an infallible token it is now apparent that the
whole philosophy of reconstruction is to force
negro suffrage upon the southern States as an
entering wedge with which to drive it home
upon all the Statea Let the country under-
stand, therefore, that one hundred millions of
their money go annually to setting up the ne-
gro to rule over white men. I say this is wrong
and ought to be stopped. Bondholders and
bankers had better see to it that this. criminal
waste be stopped, or their wealth may turn to
