1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2001
Mr. PETERS, Will the gentleman yield
to me to say a few words?
Mr. CHURCHILL. Certainly.
Mr. PETERS. If the argument in favor of
the amendment of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Churchill] is good for anything,
it is that these vessels are useless for anything
but war purposes, and good for nothing for
revenue purposes. I was in hopes the gentle-
man would yield to allow an amendment to be
offered and have the sense of the House taken
upon it. I am opposed to the previous ques-
tion on this amendment, because I want an
opportunity to offer the amendment I have
indicated. Now, if there is no object in keep-
ing these vessels for revenue purposes, I want
to know what object there can be in keeping
them at all ? There is no place where to keep
them; there are no means to be devoted to
their preservation. If you lay them up they
will be a large annual expense to the Govern-
ment, and they will deteriorate, become worn
out, and good for nothing.
Mr. 8ELYE. And become rotten.
Mr. PETERS. And, as my friend from New
York [Mr. Selye] says, they will become rot-
ten. I undertake to say that by the time we
have a war with England we can build new
vessels cheaper than we can then make these
old ones serviceable. The British Government
has no marine upon the lakes, and we have no
need of any there for mere intimidation. It
seems to me that it is a confession of the ques-
tion on the part of members here, who merely
desire to get rid of this expense, by a sort of
compromise, to lay these hulks up to rot.
If the argument is worth anything, it is a
good argument in favor of disposing of these
vessels for the most you can get for them.
And if ever the time should come when we
will need a marine upon the lakes we can then
provide it more cheaply than we can maintain
till then the vessels we now have on hand.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Will the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Churchill] yield to me
for a few moments?
Mr. CHURCHILL. Certainly.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I desire to say a word
in reference to the remark made by the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Spaldixg] concerning
remonstrances he has received against the
adoption of this amendment. I have received
a large number of communications on this sub-
ject from my constituents, but there has not
been a remonstrance among them. They have
contained a universal approbation of the propo-
sition to lay up these vessels. There has been
a uniform expression of opinion from the busi-
ness men and tax-payers of Michigan, that the
expense we incur in keeping these vessels
afloat is entirely useless. They say that no
single instance can be cited where they have
ever made a seizure. I happened to see, a
day or two since, in this city, the collector of
the port of Detroit, and I asked him the ques-
tion; and he said that within his knowledge
these vessels had never made a seizure, and
that the expense had not been overstated by
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Church-
ill] of $163,000 ayear for these vessels. So
far as preventing smuggling is concerned, they
might as well be laying here about this Capi-
tol ; because those who are engaged in smug-
gling know every day where these vessels are.
They do not go up to tjje vessels and report
themselves, but have avoided them and always
will avoid them. One tenth part of this ex-
penditure for smaller craft would be far better.
Mr. SPALDING. Is the gentleman's dis-
trict on Lake Michigan?
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. No, sir: but it ex-
tends all along the line of the St. Clair river
and Lake Huron, and comprises nearly the
whole eastern coast of Michigan.
Mr. SELYE. I ask my colleague [Mr.
Churchill] to yield to me for a few minutes.
Mr. CHURCHILL. Very well.
Mr. SELYE. I suppose these revenue cut-
ters are used now, whatever may have been
the purpose for which they wer.e originally
constructed, for the purpose of preventing
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 126.
frauds upon the revenue by smugglers and all
that sort of thing. If that is the object of
keeping them afloat, then every man who knows
anything about Lake Ontario, to say the least
of it—and 1 have lived in sight of it for forty
years—knows that you can get a tug that will
answer every purpose, costing from eight to
ten thousand dollars, with not more than six
or eight men on it, and one gun sticking out
behind. Tug-boats can go where the cutters
cannot go. Besides that, on the tugs there is a
different class of men, a working class, a class
of men who do not wear kid gloves and patent
leather boots. [Laughter.] They are ready
to work, and they do work. I am in favor of
doing away with these revenue cutters, as they
are called, and putting in their stead these
tugs, which wili be of more service than any
cutters can be, if the object is to prevent smug-
gling. As has been remarked by my friend
from Michigan, [Mr. Trowbridge,] no frauds
on the revenue have ever been detected by
these cutters. Th% serve only to furnish ac-
commodations for pleasure parties of ladies
and gentlemen; and for such pleasure parties
my constituents and those of other gentlomen
have to pay the bills by the sweat of their
brows.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now call
the previous question on the bill and amend-
ments. Let us treat this bill as we have always
treated other bills of the same kind. There is
no need of going over in the House the debate
we have already had in the Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Churchill] is entitled the floor.
Mr. PETERS. Iwouldliketo know from
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Selye,]
who is a practical man, how long, in his opin-
ion, it will take these cutters, if laid up, to
become good for nothing with such means of
preservation as there are on the lakes. I ask
this question for the purpose of ascertaining
whether these cutters had better be laid up or
be sold.
Mr. SELYE. In fresh water a boat made
of oak will not last more than eight years. In
using oak wood for mills, &c., we generally
estimate eight years as its lifetime. In salt
water it will last longer.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Churchill]
yields to me, and I demand the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendments.
Mr. GARFIELD. That is hardly fair.
^ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.^ Why not?
These questions were all discussed in the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were—ayes 33, noes 40 ; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ,- and Mr. Washburke,
of Illinois, and Mr. Garfield were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 45, noes 54.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a point of order. I understand from the gen-
tleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson] that the ob-
ject of this proceeding is to prevent me from
being heard, under the rule, in opposition to
these appropriations for court-houses, &c.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order upon the ground that the gen-
tleman from Illinois is entitled to one hour on
each amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then what
does the gentleman from Iowa gain ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. All I ask is, that
those members who have proposed amend-
ments which have been adopted in the Com-
mittee of the Whole shall have an opportunity
to reply to any attacks which the gentleman
from Illinois may make upon these amend-
ments. He knows very well that if the pre-
vious question should be seconded he can use
his entire hour iu attacking the amendments
and prevent every friend of them from being
heard.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman' s amendments cannot successfully with-
stand attacks then they ought to fall. The
gentleman is insisting upon a course in regard
to this bill which I undertake to say has never
been pursued with regard to any other bill
since we have had our present rules ; and the
purpose is to prevent me from being heard in
opposition to these outrageous appropriations
which the gentleman and his friends are en-
deavoring to force through this House.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The remark which
has been made by the Chair answers all
that the gentleman has said. On each amend-
ment he is entitled to an hour. What more
does he want than that?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What do
you gain then ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. An opportunity to
reply.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman does not gain that, because, according
to the ruling of the Chair, I have the right to
close the debate on every amendment. •
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois is entitled to one hour, if he claims it, on
each amendment after the previous question
has been seconded. The gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Churchill,] whose amendment
is pending, is still entitled to the floor.
Mr. CH URCHILL. I yield to my colleague.
Mr. HULBURD. I move the following
amendment:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be authorized
and directed to lay up and'withdraw from commis-
sion every revenue cutteronthe Atlanticcoast, bays,
gulfs, &C., not actually required and needed for con-
stant service.
Mr. Speaker, my colleague's amendment pro-
poses to withdraw all the revenue cutters from
the lake coast. I do not propose to oppose it,
although, as I said before, the commercial inter-
ests of our lakes are equal, if they are not supe-
rior, to those of the entire Atlantic coast. I
do not say that it is not proper to lay up these
revenue .cutters in order to save to the Govern-
ment the expense as is alleged of $163,000
annually. I am not opposed to it upon the
lake coast if the same retrenchment is prac-
ticed upon the Atlantic coast.
Now, sir, I wish to test the sincerity of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburxe]
and oilier gentlemen on thisjjuestion, and to
see whether the same economy cannot be car-
ried out when it touches other people's interests
beside those who live upon the northern lakes.
It is well known there are a large number of
revenue cutters on the Atlantic eoast, some
on the Potomac, some in the Bay of New
York, some at other places—that they are
scattered all along the Atlantic coast. Some
are actually needed, while others are used to
carry Secretaries, Assistant Secretaries, and
their especial friends and admirers to the islands
east and north of us, at a heavy expense to
the Government; some are used for no other
purposes during the season of navigation than
those summer excursions. Since 1 have been
a member of Congress I have known of an
Assistant Secretary "bowling" North on one
of these revenue cutters with all his family.
Now, is it right to keej) up a fleet for the con-
venience of the Executive or the heads of any
of the Departments of the Government, and for
the pleasure and personal gratification of their
families and friends? I insist that expenditure
shall now be cut off, and that only those rev-
enue cutters shall be kept up which are act-
ually needed for the purposes of commerce or
humanity. I insist that they shall hereafter
be sanctioned for no other purpose. If we
are to cut off the thousands for revenue cutters
upon the northern lakes, where we have large
interests to protect, then I want to see the
millions we expend for the same service on the
Atlantic coast also cut oif.
Mr. PIKE. Who is to determine by virtue
of this amendment how many cutters are ne-
cessary for this service?
Mr. HULBURD. The Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. PIKE. He determines it now.
Mr. HULBURD. I know he does; but!
