1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4049
created by this law are as good, being free
from taxation and,payable in coin_, as the five-
twenties, as we assume they are if the one is
to take the place of the other, then we are not
only to destroy what the Senator from Vermont
has said, but we are to destroy the great value
of all the bonds that are out and bring them
all down to the level of par instead of being
worth 114.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly,
that will be the tendency. But, Mr. President,
the Senator from New Jersey and the Senator
from New York have so thoroughly discussed
the points upon which I had proposed to make
a few comments that I shall not trouble the
Senate in relation to them. It appears to me,
however, that the proposal at the end of this
section defeats the first part of the bill. What
is the desire ? Evidently that the parties now
holding our bonds shall c'orne forward and
exchange them for these new bonds. While
i am ready to admit that we may make the
new bond in its purchasing power equal to the
six per cent, bond, which has only a short time
to run, and therefore induce the parties to
make the exchange, yet at the same time, if
we accompany it by a provision whereby bonds
cannot possibly be above par, as the Senator
from New York so well stated, how is it pos-
sible that we can expect these parties ts come
forward and make this exchange? i cannot
but regard the third section, therefore, as a clog
to the bill. I do not impute any purpose to
any party; but whether the object is or not
to have the entire bill a success, in my judg-
ment, if the last part is tacked on to the first
as it stands it will defeat the exchange which
is proposed.
Now, sir, I desire to have a vote on this
amendment. I wish to see whether there is a
majority or not in the Senate who are willing
to take any steps by which we can approach
specie payments and by which we can be
relieved from all trouble in relation to all our
financial questions.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I hope
tliat this third section will be stricken from the
biil, for I should like to vote for the other three
sections, but with this third section in I should
feel compelled to vote against the whole bill.
The bill would then be evil and only evil in all
its workings.
In the first place, we are to-day borrowing
all the money that we choose to borrow on call
at three per cent., payable in currency. We
can borrow $100,000,000 and probably $200.-
000,000 payable on demand at three per cent.
But this bill proposes instead of borrowing
money on call at three per cent, in currency, to
pay five per cent, in gold up to the amount of
$400,000,000. Of course all your three per
cent, certificates would be taken up. It is true
you prohibit the conversion of those three per
cents into these new bonds, but they would
change their three per cents into a security that
could be converted into these bonds, and you
would immediately, instead of paying as now
three per cent, in currency, begin to pay five
per cent, in gold for every dollar that you bor-
row on call. Now, sir, take $100,000,000—and
that amount is now in demand, called for, and
the Senator from New Jersey [_Mr. Cattell]
to day introduced a proposition increasing the
amount of three per cent- certificates $25,000,-
000—take $100,000,000; three per cent, in
currency on that $100,000,000 would be $3,000,-
000 per annum which you pay; but, sir, if you
pay five per cent, in gold on that self-same
$100,000,000, and it would be converted im-
mediately, you would pay $5,000,000 in gold,
and the price of gold being to-day forty per
cent would make it $2,000,000 more; and upon
that single transaction on $100,000,000 that
you could obtain to-day for three per cent, in
currency you would lose $4,000,000 the very
first year.
Now, sir, if the Senate has decided not to
resume specie payments, or approximate to
them, there never was a proposition introduced
equal to this in satisfying the world that you
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 254.
never will come to specie payments. You pro-
claim to the world that while this law stands,
you may have $400,000,000 in circulation all
the time. Sir, whenever this Government is
prepared to resume specie payments, specie
payments will be resumed on that day and that
hour; but the Government never will resume
so long as it has $400,000,000 outstanding
demand notes.
The first section of this bill in its action will
be good, if there is any action under it. I like
the section very well. I have no objection to
the second section, and have already voted for
the fourth; but with this third section in, I
should be compelled to vote against the bill.
I hope it will be stricken out. If it is not I
shall vote against the bill.
Mr. CATTELL. With the temperature of
the Chamber as it is to-night, and in my
present physical condition, I am unable to say
over a dozen or two words upon this third
section. I object to the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Vermont, because so long
as the Government holds its hand upon the
currency of the country, and limits and con-
trols it, I am unwilling that any process of
funding shall go on which shall take one or
two hundred millions out of the currency which
may be needed for its legitimate business pur-
poses.
Mr. CONNESS. It is direct contraction.
Mr. CATTELL. That is a direct contrac-
tion, and a contraction how rapid you cannot
tell. Therefore I would greatly prefer to have
the section stricken out entirely than to have
the amendment of the Senator from Vermont
adopted. I am in favor of the section as it
stands. I believe with the Senator from Ohio,
that the least thing we can do for the creditor
of the United States, who holds our promise
to pay on demand either five, five hundred, or
five thousand dollars, in the maintenance of
our public faith and our honor, if we cannot
pay it, is to give him an obligation of indebt-
edness and pay him interest on it. My own
opinion always has been that the highest stretch
of power which Congress took during the whole
of this rebellion was the passage of the legal-
tender act; when they took pieces of paper
and stamped upon them the authority of the
Government that they should be received
throughout this nation in the payment of all
debts, public and private. I think that the
only authority for it was to be found in that
unwritten law which provides that a Govern-
ment may do anything to save its own life.
Now, Mr. President, that act was done, and
you have got $356,000,000 of those notes in
circulation. They are in the hands of your
people everywhere. You are not prepared to
redeem them. You have promised to redeem
them, but you do not do it. I am compelled
to receive them for any obligation which is due
me ; I can pay them for any obligation which
I owe; but the Government of the United
States, the promisor to pay, you propose shall
be excused from any effort at payment, or any
sort of recognition of them whatever. Is it not
the leastpossible thing thatthe Government of
the United States could do to give to its credi-
tor, upon whom it has forced this issue of
legal-tender notes, an obligation that it will pay
at some time, and at the lowest rate of interest
which it is paying to all other creditors ? Is
there not justice and equity in such a course as
this? My friend from New York said in the
course of his argument that when the money
becomes worthless it will be taken to the Treas-
ury and left there. What money will become
worthless ? The promises of the Government
of the United States to pay so many dollars on
demand. That is the thing that is worthless,
and the more it is worthless the more you are
bound in honor and i,n justice and in good faith
to give to the holder of it something that is
valuable.
Now, Mr. President, I say just that far in
regard to this bill the right to do this does not
admit of an argument. If these notes had
only one single quality there would nothing
remain bnt to give a bond, take them in, and
cancel them because they are a debt; but un-
fortunately or fortunately, whichever it may
be considered, these legal-tender notes of ours
possess three distinct qualities. What are
they? First, they are a public debt: they are
a debt of the Government of the United States,
and as such they ought to be paid. If they
cannot be paid they ought to be funded. If
they had no other character than simply that
of a debt they ought to be canceled as fast as
they are taken in.
But what are their other characters? The
second character which this note has is that it
is currency. It has become an essential ele-
ment in our commerce and in our trade, and
the Congress of the United States has seen,
proper, from time to time and from year to
year, to limit the amount of this currency, to
judge for the people of the United States just
how much they want, and just how much they
shall haye. They begun with the legal-tender
notes without any such limit at all; but they
said, "You shall have $300,000,000 of bank
circulation, and you shall not have any more.
You have now got $656,000,000 of circula-
tion, and that is just what you want. This
is a wise Congress, and always has been,
and it has fixed now just exactly the amount
you want. It shall not be any more, and it
shall not be any less. '' Therefore these legal-
tender notes become an essential necessity for
the conducting of our trade and of our com-
merce. They occupy not only the character
of a debt of the United States, but they occupy
a material character in relation to our com-
merce and to our trade. You cannot take these
in in any given quantity thatyou may choose and
put them into yourTreasury and cancel them.
Why? Not unless you give the people of the
United States some other currency in place of
them. If we have not got too much money, if
you take $100,000,000 out of the currency and
cancel them, and reduce it that much, what is
the result? The result is distress in business.
At the very commencement of this session we
concluded that we could not afford to continue
to reduce $4,000,000 a month, and the Con-
gress of the United States by a very large vote
in both branches directed that the Secretary
of the Treasury should cease canceling them.
Is not that saying that we have not too much?
If you adopt this plan it will obviate a state
of things which, I think, is discreditable and
disgraceful to the Government of the United
States, that a man should come and say,
"Here is your promise to pay me so much
money; will you be kind enough to do it?"
"No; I have not got the means." "Will you
give me your obligation at some future day, at
a low rate of interest, the same rate of inter-
est you are paying other persons?" Will my
friend from New York object to that? Ought
we not to do it? Is it not honest ? Is it not
right?
Mr. CONKLING. No more^ honest now
than it would have been all the time.
Mr. CATTELL. We ought to have done it
before. Because we have done wrong is that
any reason why we should not do right now?
We ought to have done this before. We have
had a great many things said about this. We
have not, perhaps, been brought to a careful
view of the subject until now.
Now, we have come just to this point: this
is a thing that ought to be done; we have no
right to refuse it under the circumstances; but
if you say you will do this, allow these notes
to be funded and canceled, you are interfering
with the currency; you are taking the life-
blood of trade and commerce ; and you cannot
afford to take it away.
But more than that, these notes have another
character. 'They are not only a debt of the
United States, and not only currency of the
United States, but they are the very highest
order of currency. And why? Because they
are a legal tender, and the foundation upon
which all trade and all business is based; the
foundation on which my bank and everybody
