1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3027
uniform of the Array. Do we not familiarly
speak of a regulation sword and a regulation
sash? Who will dare to say, that under this
formal power of regulation a whole race may be
despoiled of equal rights and of all participa-
tion in the Government? This very pretension
was anticipated by Mr. Madison,"and con-
demned in advance. Here are his decisive
words in the Virginia Convention:
"Some States might regulate the elections on the
principle of equality, and others might regulate them
otherwise." * * * * "Should the people
of any State, by any means, be deprived of the right
of suffrage, itwasjitdged proper that il should be reme-
died by the General Government.—Eliot's Debate, vol.
3, p. 317.
Thus was it expressly understood, at the adop-
tion of the Constitution, that Congress should
have the power to prevent any State, under
the pretense of regulating the suffrage, from
depriving the people of this right or from inter-
fering with the principle of Equality.
Kindred to this statement of Mr. Madison
is that other contemporary testimony, which
will be found in the Federalist, where the
irrepealable rights of citizens are recognized
without distinction of color. This explicit
language cannot be too often quoted. Here
it is:
"Itis only under the pretext that the laws have
transferred the negroesintosubjects of property that
a placo is disputed them in the computation of num-
bers; and it is admitted that if the laws were to
restore the rights which have been taken away the
negroes could no longer be 'i efuLsed an equal share of
representation with the other inhabitants.—The Feder-
alist*, No. 54.
This testimony is as decisive as it is authentic.
Consider that it was given in explanation and
vindication of the Constitution. Consider that
the Constitution was commended for adoption
by the assertion, that on the termination of
slavery " the negro could no longer be refused
an equal share of representation with the other
inhabitants." In the face of this assurance,
how can it be now insisted, that, under the
simple power to regulate the suffrage, a State
may deny to a whole race that "equal share of
representation" which was promised? Thus
from every quarter we are brought to the same
inevitable conclusion.
Therefore, I dismiss the pretension founded
on the power to make regulations, as I dismiss
that other founded on the power to determine
qualifications. Each proceeds on a radical
misconception. Admit that a State may de-
termine qualifications; admit that a State may
make regulations, it cannot follow, by any rule
of logic, or law, that, under these powers,
either or both, it may disfranchise a race. The
pretension is too lofty. No such enormous
prerogative can be wrung out of any such
moderate power. As well say, that, because
a constable or policeman may keep order in
a city, therefore he may inflict the penalty of
death ; or, because a father may impose proper
restraint upon a child, theretore he may sell
him into slavery. We have read of an effort
to extract sunbeams out of cucumbers: but
the present effort to extract a cruel preroga-
tive out of the simple words of the Constitu-
tion is scarcely less absurd. _ _
1 conclude as I began, in favor of requiring
condiiions from States on their admission into
the Nation, and I insist that it is our especial
duty, in every possible way, by compact and
by enactment, to assure among these conditions
the equal rights of all and the participation
of every citizen in the government over him,
without which the State cannot be republican.
For the present I confine myself to the ques-
tion of conditions on the admission of States,
without considering the broader obligation of
Congress to make Equal Rights coextensive
with the Nation, and thus to harmonize our
institutions with the principles ot the Declara-
tion of Independence. That other question I
leave to another occasion.
Meanwhile I protest against the false glosses
Originally fastened upon the Constitution by
slavery, and, now continued, often in^ uncon-
sciousness of their origin, perverting it to the
vilest uses of tyranny. I protest against that
exaggeration of pretension, which, out of a
power to make "regulations" and to determ-
ine "qualifications," can derive an unrepub-
lican prerogative. I protest against that preten-
sion, which would make the asserted Equality
of States the cover for a denial of the Equality
of Man. _ The one is an artificial rule, relating
to artificial bodies; the other is a natural rule,
relating to natural bodies. The one is little
more than a legal fiction; the other is a truth
of nature. Here is a distinction, which Alex-
ander Hamilton recognized when, in the de-
bates of the Convention, he nobly said:
" As States are a collection of individual men,
which ought we to respect most, the rights of the
people composing them or of the artificial beings
resulting from the composition? Nothing could be
more preposterous or absurd than to sacrifice the
former to the latter."—Eliot's Debates, vol. 5, p. 258.
High above States, as high above men, are
those commanding principles, which cannot be
denied with impunity. They will be found in
the Declaration of Independence expressed so
clearly that all can read them. Though few,
they are mighty. There is no humility in
bending to their behests. As man rises in the
scale of being while walking in obedience to
the divine will, so is a State elevated by obe-
dience to these everlasting truths. Nor can
we look for harmony in our country until these
principles bear unquestioned sway, without any
interdict from the States. That unity for which
theNation longs, with peace and reconciliation
in its train, can be assured only through the
Equal Rights of All, proclaimed by the Nation
everywhere within its limits, and maintained
by the National arm. Then will the Constitu-
tion be filled and inspired by the Declaration
of Independence, so that the two shall be one,
with a common life, a common authority, and
a common glory.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, speaking at the end
of a nine hours' session, when it was not likely
that any other member of the Senate would
occupy the floor by way of reply, characterizes
the speeches that have been made by his fellow-
members as the echo of slavery, as a retailing
over of the former utterances of what he has
so often described as a fell and diabolical
spirit. I was not aware that the question of
human servitude had entered into this debate
in any of its stages, or that it was directly
involved in any of the questions which have
been undergoing debate. As, however, three
fourths of the speaking upon this bill has been
by gentlemen in political accord with himself,
I suppose his criticisms are directed to his own
side of the Chamber and to his own political
associates rather than to this side of the Cham-
ber and to those who agree with me in opinion.
If his political associates are agreed that he
shall lash them as the retailers of former slav-
ery cries, certainly I am content; but I think
it a grievance to all that we should have
repeated over again„.arguments that are per-
fectly familiar not only to the Senate but to
the people of the country, and arguments
which, in my judgment, have been answered
in the Senate and out of the Senate, and suc-
cessfully answered, whenever they have been
made.
I allude particularly to two points of the
Senator's speech which, so far as I can dis-
cover, are the only ones that have a direct
bearing upon the questions which have been
discussed pending the consideration of this bill.
First, he insists that the ordinance of 1787 is a
precedent and an authority for imposing the
fundamental conditions that have been placed
in this bill, and for imposing any other funda-
mental conditions similar to them which we may
choose to introduce into this or into any other
bill, whether for the admission of a new State
or for the readmission to representation of-an
old one. Mr. President, the ordinance of 1787
was made before our Government was created.
It was made under political institutions which
died out, under a form of government which
was superseded by that under which we live,
and its application to the Northwestern Terri-
tory, so far as the United States is concerned,
was during the territorial condition and before
the Territory was organized into States; and
never, in the legislation of Congress, or in the
practice of the country, or in the accepted
opinions of our public men, was it proclaimed
or understood that Congress could impose any
condition whatever upon the several States
which were carved out of that Northwestern
Territory and which now constitute honored
and powerful members of the American Union.
Mr. YATES. The Senator will remember
that the ordinance of 1787 was reaffirmed by
the First Congress after the adoption of the
Constitution, and that afterward, when this
Territory was formed into States, the States
were admitted containing provisions in their
constitutions saying that they were consistent
with the ordinance of 1787.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Certainly it was com-
petent for the people of the Northwestern
Territory to put such provisions in their consti-
tutions.
Mr. YATES. But I say the ordinance of
1787 was reaffirmed by the First Congress.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I am coming to that in
a moment. Certainly it was competent for tho
people of the Northwestern Territory to insert
such a condition in their fundamental law when
they came to make it; and taking one view of
congressional power with reference to the Ter-
ritories, it was competent for the United States
to impose, as a new proposition entirely, such
a condition or such a law upon the people in
their territorial condition. There is a distinc-
tion which is not sometimes drawn by gentle-
men in considering this subject. There is a
material difference between admitting a State
upon a condition which expends itself at the
time, which simply leads to the act of Con-
gress, and imposing, or attempting to impose,
a condition which shall bind the sovereignty
of the State in future time; which shall tie up
its hands, and prevent it from the performance
of an act of sovereignty which is possessed and
may be exercised by all the other States that
constitute the American Union.
The objections to fundamental conditions
are objections leveled at those of the latter
character. As I stated the other day, I see
no strong objection to admitting a State upon
the condition that nothing in her constitution,
nothing in her political institutions, shall con-
travene the Constitution of the United States.
I see no objection when she is admitted to giv-
ing her notice that as to anything contained in
her frame of government contrary to the letter
or spirit of the Constitution of the United
States, it shall be held void, it shall not be
sustained or respected by the Government of
the United States, either in its legislative or
judicial departments, in all future time. Such
was the nature of the condition imposed in the
Missouri case, as I explained the other day.
But these modern fundamental conditions
which are now creeping into our public statutes,
and which will multiply iu number, doubtless,
in future, and"be the subject, possibly, of much
national disturbance and difficulty, are of a
very different character. They are attempts to
mold the political institutions of the States
that are to apply for admission or for represent-
ation, according to the opinions, the passions,
or the party interests of the hour. They are
attempts to curb, to limit, to regulate, and to
mold the sovereignty of particular States, and
to place them in this Union upon grounds of
inequality in comparison with all the other
States which compose the Union. _
I go back, sir, to the point with which 1
began, that the argument of the Senator from
Massachusetts, based upon the ordinance of
1787, is entirely inapplicable to the case now
before the Senate, the question of the renewed
representation of the States of the South.
The Senator from Massachusetts, in the next
place, repeats over again, for the twentieth
time perhaps, his argument upon that clause
of the Constitution which declares that the
United States shall guaranty to every State
