1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4051
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July 14,1868.
The House met attwelve o'clock m.
On motion of Mr. MYERS, the reading of
(he Journal of yesterday's proceedings was, by
unanimous consent, dispensed with.
samuel n. miller.
Mr. MYERS. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on Patents
Senate bill No. 454, for therelief of SamuelN.
Miller. It is to correct an error which the
Commissioner of Patents writes was made in
tkp P'-tpn!'
Mr.'sPALDING. I will not object if it does
not give rise to debate.
Mr. MYERS, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, reported the bill back, and moved that it
be put on its passage.
The bill was read. It provides that Samuel
N. Mill er, who obtain ed a paten t for an i mproved
compound anchor, dated the 29th day of June,
18i2, for fourteen years, which expired on the
2'JtU day of June, 18SS, be authorized to apply
to the Commissioner of Patents for the exten-
sion of said patent for seven years, under the
regulations now in force in relation to the
extension of patents ; and the Commissioner
of Patents is hereby directed to investigate and
decide the application for extension on the
same evidence and in the same manner as
other applications for extension are decided,
provided that the applications for extension
be made within sixty days after the approval
of this act, and the decision of the Commis-
sioner be rendered within ninety days from the
filing of said application in the Patent Office;
and provided also, that nothing herein sliall
be so construed as to hold responsible in dam-
ages any person who may have manufactured
or used the said improved compound anchor
between the expiration of the said patent and
the approval of this act.
Mr. MYERS. I do not propose to debate it,
but will state that the Commissioner of Patents
writes that this claimant did notget a hearing,
as some of the clerks mislaid the papers. The
bill is only to grant him a hearing.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It seems
that lie has already had the use of the .patent
for fourteen years.
Mr MYERS. The Commissioner of Patents
asks that this error of his office be corrected
so as to let this party have the privilege of the
ordinary application.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
letter be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
United States Patent Offick.
Washington, D. C„ March 16,1868.
Sir: On the 14th of March, 1866, an application
was filed in this office by Samuel Nye Miller, of West
Roxbury, Massachusetts, lor the extension of the
patent granted to him on the 29th of June 1852, for
an "improved compound anchor." Owing to an
inadvertence on the part of oneof thcofiicers of this
office, the ease was not brought to the attention of
the examiner in charge of the class to which Mr.
Miller's case belonged until after the expiration of
the potent, too late to correct the mistake.
As the requirements of the law had been complied
with, and the mistake being of the Patent Office, as
will further appear from the affidavit of the exam-
iner. (a certified copy of which is herewith inelosed.)
I respectfully request that authority bo given, by
special act of Congress, to examine the application
as presented, just as though the error had not been
committed.
X have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant, A. M. STOUX,
Acting Commissioner.
Hon. AV. T. Willi;Y,,Chairman Committeeon Patents,
United States Senate.
The bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it. was accordingly read the third time, aud
passed.
Mr. MYERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to- reconsider be laid oa the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
wag ox-road at west point.
Mr. McCARTHY, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Iloads and Canals,
reported back House bill No. 761, to build a
wagon-road for the use of the Military Acad-
emy from West Point, in the county of Orange,
to Cornwall Landing, in said county, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the superintendent of the Military Academy
at "West Point to use the labor in the employ
of the United States Government at that post,
when not otherwise employed, in building and
constructing a wagon-road from West Point
to Cornwall Landing, in the county of Orange,
said road to be located under the direction of
said superintendent over land now belonging
or hereafter to be ceded to the Government of
the United States for that purpose.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. McCARTHY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved fhat the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
petee m. carmichael.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. The mem-
ber from the Albany district of New York,
[Mr. Peuyn,] who is now abseut and may not
be able to be here before the clbse of the ses-
sion, has sent to me a little private bill which
has received the approval of the Committee ou
Commerce, aud which I ask in his behalf that
the House may now pass. It is a bill entirely
proper, simply enabling a man to get his salary
at the Treasury Department, there being at
present a technical difficulty in regard to his
not having taken the oath a second time on
assuming the duties of an office similar to that
which he had before held.
There being no objection,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, reported
from the Committee on Commerce a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 340) for the relief of Peter
M. Carmichael, surveyor of the port of Al-
bany ; which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution authorizes the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury, in auditing
and adjusting the accounts of Peter M. Car-
michael, surveyor of the port of Albany, to
admit and allow the charge of $1,008, that sum
having been paid by him to John Hastings,
deputy surveyor and inspector of that port.
Mr. SPALDING-. Istheraanyreportaccom-
panving this bill?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
not; but I send to the Clerk a letter from the
Department which will explain the reasons for
the passage of the bill.
The Clerk read as follows :
Treasury Depaetsient,
1 Office op Commissioner of Customs,
Juiie 25, 1868.
Snt: Upon retiring the appointment of surveyor
of customs at the port of Albany, Mr. Peter M. Car-
michael appointed JohnHnsdngsasdeputysurveyor
and inspector with tho approbation of the Secretary
of the Treasury; but as Mr. Hastings occupied at
that time the position of deputy collector at New
York, and as Albany constituted a part of the dis-
trict of New York, Mr. Carmichael did not think it
necessary that Mr. Hastings should take the oaths
over again; and he has been performing his duties
without taking the required oaths. This prevents
the charces for the money paid to Mr. Hastings from
beinff allowed at the Treasury without authority
from Congress for their allowance; and I herewith
send you a joint resolution authorizing the allow-
ance of said charges, which I trust Congress will see
fit to pass.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
. N. SARGENT,
Commission?.)' af Customs.
Hon. E. B. "Washburne, Chair man of the Committee
on Commerce, House of Representatives*
Mr. SPALDING. Does this bill give double
pay?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It does
not. This officer took the oath once, and did
not suppose it necessary to take it the second
time ; but the requirement of the law is other-
wise.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was passed; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
united states depositary, chicago.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee of Ways and
Means a bill (H. R. No. 387) to fix the com-
pensation of the United States depositary at
Chicago.
The bill, which was read, provides that after
January 1,1868, the whole allowance of compen-
sation to the United States designated deposit-
ary at Chicago shall not exceed §2,500; aud
so much of the first section of an act to pro-
vide compensation to such persons as may be
designated by the Secretary of the Treasury
to receive and keep the public money under
the fifteenth section of the act of 6th August,
1846. for the additional services required under
that act, approved March 2, 18o3, as pro-
vides for fixing and limiting the annual com-
pensation of the designated depositary at Chi-
cago, not to exceed the annual sum of $1,500,
be amended and modified to conform to this
act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it v?as
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
prize cases in florida.
Mr. DAWES. I desire the House to con-
sider at the present time a Senate bill now on
the Speaker's table, to which there will be not
the slightestobjection, and which it is very im-
portant should be passed. I will state in a word
what it is, and if there is the slightest objection
I will not urge it. The United States marshal
at Key West, James C. Clapp, died in an
insane asylum. It was" found after his death
that he was a defaulter to the Government.
The Secretary of the Treasury and Secretary
of the Navy have settled with his representa-
tives, and they have deposited $116,000 to
adjust that settlement in a bank in the city of
New York. But they find that there must be
a distribution of this money, and there is no law-
regulating the distribution, so that they cannot
close it up without the passage of this act.
Consequently this money has been held in a
bank for two years, and nobody has had any
benefit of it except the bank. This bill is to
dispose of that money according to the recom-
mendation of the Secretary of the Treasury
and Secretary of the Navy. There can be no
objection to it.
The bill (S. No. 48G) to facilitate the settle-
ment of certain prize cases in the southern
district of Florida, was accordingly taken up
and read a first and second time. It directs
the Secretary of the Treasury, upon the exe-
cution and delivery to him by the administra-
trix of the estate of Jam.es C. Clapp, deceased,
lateUnited States marshal for the southern dis-
trict of Florida, of a proper written release of
all claims and demands for, or on account of,
all costs, charges, fees, and expenses due, or
claimed to be due, the said Clapp as marshal
aforesaid, or to his estate, in any prize or
other cases in said district, to accept from
said administratrix the sum of $50,000 in full
satisfaction of all claims and demands of the
United States against the estate of the said
James C. Clapp, and against the sureties in
said Clapp's official bond; and that said sum
of $50,000 when paid, together with the sums
now on deposit with the Assistant Treasurer
in New York to the credit of the said Clapp
and to the credit of the United States district
court for the southern district of Florida, shall
be deposited with the Assistant United States
Treasurer at Washington, District of Columbia,
subject to the order of the United States dis-
trict court for the southern district of Florida,
for the purpose of meeting decrees of distri-
bution or restitution in certain named prize
causes pending in said district. Sections two
