1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
619
the soldiers for the honest purpose of restoring
the old-time Union, was overruled by the poli-
ticians to prevent that restoration, to perpetuate
division, estrangement, and ill-will, and that
reconstruction means nothing more or less
than negro suffrage. Let the bondholders and
the officers of the sixteen hundred and fifty
national banks be prompt to learn these truths.
These highly respectable and powerful,classes
of moneyed men have, for the most part, hitherto,
thrown their votes and influence in favor of the
devotees of negro suffrage. Will they continue
to do so? Will the tinsel of epaulettes, or the
lighter metal of loyal speeches still attract
them in the same direction ? Then, sir, they
may write "lchabod" upon their bonds and
the walls of their banks.
Mr. Chairman, I have not time to-day to
discuss negro suffrage. I mean to take an
early opportunity to express my views on that
subject. Having suggested the line of policy
which I believe would heal the wounds and
restore the prosperity of the country, I con-
clude by saying that the constituents whom I
represent, as loyal men to all the true interests
and glories of the country as the sun in the
heavens shines upon, are opposed to all
schemes of repudiation, for repudiation would
be a stain which they would feel worse than a
wound. They demand restoration of the ten
excluded States as white States and not parti-
colored. They demand a repeal of the cotton
tax and of all laws that deprive us of the
immense profits we derived in former days
from that great staple. They want no restor-
ation of slavery, which is constitutionally
impossible, and certainly have no thoughts of
superadding the rebel debt to our own, which
they think is large enough now, but they want
to live in union with the white people of the
South, to obliterate as fast as possible the
bitter memories of fraternal strife, and to be
coworkers with them in redeeming the credit
of the Government by paying all its debts in
gold and silver coin and in developing the
great resources of our magnificent country.
All legal-tender laws that substitute paper for
gold, and all reconstruction laws, so called,
that sacrifice the indnstrial interests of the
country to negro suffrage, they would dismiss
to the winds; and each State fully restored,
with no miserable test-oatha to remind us of
common sins and common misfortunes, they
would leave negro suffrage and all other
domestic questions to the unconstrained will
of those respective States. Thus, sir, I repre-"
sent my constituents on this floor to-day, as I
believe they would have me represent them.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, obtained
the floor, but yielded five minutes to
Mr. BLAINE, who said: I desire, Mr.
Chairman, to say a few words in response to
the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Woodward,] to whose speech I have lis-
tened with great attention and with that respect
which eminent ability always inspires. I un-
derstand the gentleman to be a firm advocate
of the resumption of specie payment; but I
understand him at the same time to imply that
the Government possesses the right to pay off
the five-twenty bonds in legal-tender notes. He
opposes the policy, but advocates the right of
so doing. The gentleman must admit that this
right cannot be exercised unless Congress is
prepared to issue an unlimited amount of
greenbacks. Is Congress so prepared? Or, if
willing, has Congress the right to go beyond a
certain, well defined, limited amount of green-
backs? That question can be definitely an-
swered by a specific provision of law which, it
seems to me, must have escaped the attention
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Let me
quote that provision.
In 1864, after the negotiation of the first
series of five-twenties, when our military sit-
uation was very gloomy and the financial situa-
tion proportionallydiscouraging, Congress had
to go before the country for fresh loans, and in
all the financial markets the Secretary of the
Treasury was met with this declaration: "Your
loans cannot be negotiated if you continue to
issue an irredeemable paper currency at the
rate you have been going for two years past."
The Secretary of the Treasury was blocked,
Congress was blocked, the whole Government
was blocked by that cry; and the power to bor-
row money seemed to be at an end. How did
Congress meet the exigency ? Why, sir, it met
it wisely and firmly by inserting in the loan bill
of June 30, 1864, the provision to which I in-
vite the attention of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. It is as follows, and is inserted as a
proviso to the second section of the act:
" Provided, That the total amount of bonds and
Treasury notes authorised by the first and second
sections of this act shall not exceed $400,000,000 in
addition to the amount heretofore issued; nor shall
the total amount of United States notes issued or to be
issued ever exceed $400,000,000.
Mr. PRUYN. What page is that?
Mr. BLAINE. Page 44 of the pamphlet
containing the loan bills. It is to be observed
that this pledge is distinct and unqualified;
that in no event should the United States
notes then in existence or thereafter to be
issued ever exceed the sum of $400,000,000.
The point, therefore, which I submit to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, without stop-
ping to reargue the question of whether the
five-twenties may be paid in greenbacks—
throwing that behind me for the time, or even
admitting for the sake of argument that the
bonds may be so paid—the point I make is that
by the law of contract, which the gentleman is
so much more competent to construe than I
am, by all the laws of honor, truth, and fair
dealing toward all classes of its creditors, the
Government is estopped from issuing a single
dollar of legal tenders beyond the $400,000,000
to which it thus by its own pledge limited itself.
I can conceive of no dishonor equal to that
which would violate the express pledge and
the express condition without which the loans
to carry on the war for the suppression of the
rebellion could not have been negotiated.
It is idle, therefore, to talk about present pay-
ment of the five-twenty bonds in greenbacks.
Such payment cannot be made without a vast
inflation of the amount of greenbacks now in
existence. We have to-day some three hundred
and sixty millions in circulation. We can law-
fully issue only $40,000,000 more ; and how, I
ask any gentleman, are we ever to have enough
of these in the Treasury at one time to pay off
our vast bonded debt? The agitation is merely
mischievous and ought to be stopped. We are
not prepared to pay off our debt either in gold
or greenbacks for years to come, and either
form of payment at this time would be an in-
tolerable burden to the people. Let us, there-
fore, abandon this useless agitation and address
ourselves to the more, profitable and more prac-
tical task of reducing the taxes that now rest
so heavily on the people, and of devising at
the same time some equitable plan by which
Federal securities may be made to bear their
just share of taxation.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, resumed
the floor.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman to allow me to put one question to the
gentleman from Maine.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I will
allow the gentleman three minutes.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman from Maine if Congress did not in fact
authorize the issue of more than four hundred
million dollars of legal-tender notes?
Mr. BLAINE. No, sir.
. Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Including com-
pound-interest notes ?
Mr. BLAINE. Ah! I admit that; but
"United States notes" is a technical phrase
known to mean legal-tender notes. The com-
pound-interest notes were but another form of
interest-bearing securities. The legal-tender
notes were limited to the $400,000,000 "issued
or to be issued."
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The com-
pound-interest notes, however, were made
legal tenders in the payment of debts.
Mr. BLAINE. Ihey were redeemable in a
specified time, and were essentially different
from legal tenders. Indeed, Secretary Chase
always claimed that they did not add to the
circulation.
thk national debt.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. Mr.
Chairman, the national debt is to-day the ab-
sorbing question before the American people.
It comes home to every man's business and
pocket, and demands attention. Various prop-
ositions have been submitted to this committee
touching the mode and manner of its payment,
differing in many respects both as to the time
when and the manner how, but all concurring
in the assurance that the debt must be paid, that
the national faith must be sustained, the nation's
contracts kept intact, and "thenation's honor
be in no way compromised or impeached." In
this assurance I accept the proposition that
"the public debt of the United States, as repre-
sented by the bonds of the Government, should
be paid and redeemed according to law, and
not otherwise," fully believing that if the law
be kept inviolate the public contracts will not
be impaired nor the public faith broken. I
therefore propose to examine somewhat in
detail the provisions of the acts under which
this debt was created and these bonds issued,
that it may more clearly be understood what
is meant by payment and redemption according
to law; then to refer to some of the financial
propositions which have been brought to the
notice of the committee in connection with the
debt, and to submit others for such attention
as they may merit, with such general remarks
&s I may think pertinent to the question under
consideration.
I propose first to inquire whether that por-
tion of the public debt contracted by the act
of February 25, 1862, known as five-twenty
bonds, can now, the five years having expired,
be legally paid in United States notes as lawful
money; artd whether itwouldbegood policy and
for the public welfare now to issue $500,000,000
of United States legal-tender notes for the pur-
pose of paying said bonds.
It may seem strange that one who is not a
lawyer by profession and who makes no pre-
tensions to legal knowledge should undertake
to examine the legal question embraced in this
proposition, especially as the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] has forewarned
even the lawyers as follows:
"There is the plain letter of the law. I need not
discuss this point further. If there is any lawyer
who. reading this law without taking into consider-
ation anything except what stands on the statute-
book, will tell me that this law enacts that the prin-
cipal of the five-twenties is payable in coin, then
' for him have I offended,' and cither he is or I am so
stupid as not to be worthy of an argument."
I beg leave to say that is not the question
at issue. The real question is, if it has any
practical bearing, are these bonds now paya-
ble, and if so, can they in accordance with the
law be paid in United States notes issued for
that purpose? If this be not the real question,
and the question has only reference to the pay-
ment of the bonds at maturity, fifteen years
hence, then the question is devoid of all prac-
tical bearing, and may for all practical pur-
poses be answered fifteen years hence.
Let us turn to the law. The act of February
25, 1862, which provides for the issue of these
bonds and also for the issue of $150,000,000
of United States legal-tender notes, in which
it is claimed that these bonds may be paid, in
the first section says:
"And such notes herein authorized shall be re-
ceivable in payment of all taxes, internal duties,
excises, debts, and demands of every kind, due to the
United States, except duties on imports, and for all
claims and demands against the United States of
every kind whatsoever; except for interest upon
bonds and notes, which shall be paid in coin; and
shall also be lawful money and a legal tender in pay-
ment of all debts, public and private, within the
United States, except duties on imports and interest
as aforesaid."
Observe, the act first specifies the use which
may be made of these notes with reference to
the United States: "they shall be receivable
in payment of all taxes, internal duties, ex-
cises, debts, and demands of every kind due
to the United States;" next, the use that may
