3028
®HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
June 10,
in the Union a republican form of government.
He insists^ again that under this provision of
the Constitution any State which, "excludes a
portion of its people from the right of suffrage
does not possess a republican form ; and hence,
in certain cases at least, it is proper for Con-
gress to interpose and toso control the State,
to so shape her political institutions that suf-
frage shall be as extensive at least as the male
adult population of the State. I need not stop
to inquire whether he applies this principle
properly. I need not stop to inquire whether
in the votes he and others who think with him
are giving upon the reorganization of these
States, they are applying this principle in prac-
tice. Do they not know, and does not the
country know, that while these warm words
are upon their lips, while they are proclaiming
the nature of this provision of the Constitution
and insisting that it is without limitation, that
it must command provisions including the
whole male adult population, they are voting
for bills, and by their votes passing bills to
reorganize States with a disfranchisement of a
quarter of a million of those who were form-
erly electors or qualified under former laws ?
Is not this an astonishing spectacle, a most
surprising difference between argument and
conduct, between the theories and reasonings
upon which our action is invoked in favor of
these bills and the character of the bills them-
selves?
But, sir, the whole argument is refuted by
referring to a single authority. I suppose there
is no authority known in our political history
so commanding, so respectable, and so weighty
as that of Mr. Madison. The Senator from
Massachusetts himself has referred to that great
character, and by citations from him has at-
tempted to sustain some of his positions taken
in the very elaborate essay that he has read to
the Senate. Mr. Madison said that those words
in the guarantee clause of the Constitution-
securing to each State a republican form of
government—were to ba construed with refer-
ence to the forms of State government which
existed when the Constitution was made; and
how obvious that is when the proposition is
stated. Words referring to forms of State gov-
emment^and guarantying their existence in all
future time by the supreme power of the Uni-
ted^ Slates must attach themselves to forms
which were then in existence, and under which
the Constitution itself was made; and we know
that at that time in every one, or in nearly
everyone, of the States which formed the Union
and afterward composed it, there was this
very disqualification of a portion of the popu-
lation against which the Senator from Massa-
chusetts now levels his argument, and against
which he cites this very clause of the Consti-
tution as furnishing a conclusive argument.
I say to him, then, that i n n on e of th e frequ e n t
occasionson whiehl havelistened to himupon
this guarantee clause of the Constitution, has
he suggested an answertothis conclusive argu-
ment made by Mr. Madison early in the history
of the Government, and no man has heard from
any other quarter an answer to it. It is abso-
lutely conclusive unless you take some prin-
ciple of progression into your minds andattempt
to. construe a Constitution adopted in 1787
according to new impressions and new ideas
in 1868, and cause your fundamental law now
to bear a meaning entirely different from that
which it bore when it was first established.
As to the other parts of the Senator's speech
reciting facts in the history of the Government,
and particularly citations which have been
introduced frequently before in debate, I shall
say nothing.
We have come to the end of this debate, and
I understand that this hill is to be passed, to
be sanctioned, at least by a vote of the Senate,
and to be sent to the House of Representatives
for its concurrence in the amendments which
we have adopted. Now, what is this bill? A
few. words upon that and I shall close. It is a
bill toadmitthese States to renewed representa-
tion. We have already admitted two of the
original eleven engaged in the rebellion. Ten-
nessee was admitted soon after the termination
of the great struggle, and recently we have
passed a bill for the renewal of representation
to Arkansas. Six are now to be added, and
I believe there are three with reference to
which no action has yet been taken in Con-
gress, but in regard to which action may be
expected hereafter.
What is this bill? It is to sanctiou a reor-
ganization of the southern States, or of a major-
ity of them. upon two principles: first, that the
entire adult negro population shall vote not
only at the first election which shall give the
new political institutions of the State their
form, but in all subsequent elections so long as
the constitution of the State remains un-
changed ; and to render this principle perma-
nent_ and to secure it against any change of
public opinion you incorporate in your law
what you call fundamental conditions.. You
are not content to exercise your powers for the
present time alone. You now command the
field of action. You hold a vote in the two
Houses of Congress which renders you, so far
as the enactment of laws in this Government
is concerned, supreme. For the time being
your will dictates law to the United States.
But you are not satisfied with this. You pro-
pose to take from the men of future times the
power and_ authority to change your work, at
all events, in those States of the South which
are concerned in your present legislation. You
propose to_ reach out your hands from these
Halls in which you sit as the Representatives of
the people and of the States into the States of
the South, and to stamp upon the constitutions
of those States, upon their local frames of
government, an impress of your will which
shall remain unchangeable in all future time by
any voluntary action of the political com-
munities in which those constitutions are estab-
lished. And why do you do this? You do
this, sir, in order to secure to the colored adult
men of the South not the right of suffrage for
the moment, nor as an experiment of their
capacity in free government, but to secure it to
them against the shifting and changing opin-
ions of future times, against the experience of
future times, against any possibility that it
shall be narrowed and made to conform to the
experience and necessities of those States as
they may be developed hereafter. Tliis is
very extraordinary legislation the like of it
unknown at least in our own history, and I do
not know that any example to warrant it is
known in the history of any free State.
But what else do you attempt to secure by
this and other bills and by prior laws? Appa-
rently apprehensive that your new political
bodies so established in the southern States
will receive direction, will bo to a great extent
controlled by the intelligent populations that
are resident there of your own race, you have
proceeded from time to time to disfranchise
them to a great extent, and now by this bill
make firm and effectual that disfranchisement
which is most prescriptive and intolerant.
Such is the character of this measure consid-
ered in connection with the measures which
have preceded it, and of which it is the culmi-
nation.
Now, sir, can any one doubt your object?
Perhaps you have not avowed it to yourselves.
You may have shrunk back from the self-
acknowledgment of the truth. But what is the
truth? It is that to a great extent all this has
been done and this crowning measure is to be
passed, in order thatyou may retain that power
in the Government of the United States which
you now possess, in order that that which you
have grasped by the consent of the people and
under peculiar circumstances in our political
history, you shall hold firm in the future; that
your power shall not be torn from you by public
disapprobation ; that by majority votes in those
States which you represent, you shall not be
removed from that position of authority and
of dominating influence which you hold in the
Government of the United States. Is not that
your purpose? Does it not, inspire your con-
duct? Does it not lie behind all these your
acts and speak them into being? Does it not
infuse into your conduct that energy and zeal
by which it is characterized ? Does it not touch 1
the tongue of the Senator from Massachusetts :
as with a coal of fire? Does it not keep us here :
atan untimely hour of the night to press through
its last stages this bill ?
I hold, and at least one half of the popula- :
tion of the States represented in Congress hold,
that your body of reconstruction laws are
invalid; that they are without warrant of au-
thority^-in the fundamental law. You have
taken from the Supreme Court the power to
pass judgment upon them. You have with-
drawn a case which would have elicited the ?
opinion of that court suddenly from its juris-
diction, and prevented a decision upon the
validity of your laws.
Mr. President, what are we to expect in the
future? Will this work of yoars stand? You
say yourselves it will not stand investigation
in court and a judicial judgment. Yon have
said so by your conduct. You know that at
least half the people represented in Congress
are firmly and strongly against it, for they have
said so within the last twelve months in most
emphatic language. You cannot question the '
fact. How is yonr work to stand in the future,
the work of which this bill is supposed to
be the guarantee of security and endurance?
I will tell you, Mr. President, how it may .
stand. I will state to you the foundation upon
which alone it can stand. It is the acquies-
cence and acceptance of the people of the
southern States. You may denounce them as
rebels; you may paint in warm and glaring j
colors all of evil and of wrong that they have i
committed against you and against the Gov- J
ernment of their country ; you may speak of i
them as you please; this work of yours can- I
not and will not stand unless they accept it, i
unless they acquiesce in it, and agree to live j
under it and uphold it in the future. Humanity i
may be pressed down under the iron weight t
of political power; but there is in it a l-ecu- i
perative energy which will lift it superior to all i
the political bonds with which you may attempt j
to shackle it; and in our country there is yet i
enough left of republican forms, there is yet  
enough left of organized popular power, to I
peacefully break into pieces the bonds with i
which you would bind the people. It will not 1
bo necessary to resort to revolution, to appeal #
to force, in order to obtain political redress. «
Sir, your work will have security and a guar- K
antee of future existence when it is accepted, s
and accepted truly and heartily by the people of j
those States with which your legislation is con- §>
eerned. That is the only true security, the only J
firm guarantee which you can possibly have.
Sir, what is the result? What are your jj
elections worth if they are to be carried by |
this colored vote of the South counted fully |
while a quarter of a million of white voters j
are disfranchised and excluded from the right  ,
of suffrage? What is your election worth if *
it is to be carried by votes cast at elections #
under the control which is established by these
reconstruction laws, elections which will be J
tainted, corrupted, and loaded down with ?
fraud? These first ones are cursed and tainted :
by it largely ; and when the political passions a
and corrupting influences of the present year
come to hear fully upon those southern elec- J
tions, it is quite likely that they will become J
one of the scandals of the earth. Will you be |
able to maintain an election carried by those j
votes ? Sir, you will not. .
Therefore, I repeat to you what I stated on ?
a former occasion when debating another sub- ,
ject: you are togoto the people of the adhering
States with your case, with this bill, and with •
the laws which have preceded it; you are to J®"
submit to them your policy, your statutes, your it?
conduct. If they give you a quittance and
uphold you, there will be complete acquies- J
cence by your political opponents represented r
in Congress. But let me assure you, sir, that J
