4052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
8nd three regulate the distribution of the prize
moneys of the steamers Adela and Nita, &c.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Has this been
before an3' committee?
Mr. DAWES. The Committee on Naval
Affairs are in favor of it. It does not take
any money out of the Treasury, but puts money
into the Treasury which cannot be otherwise
disposed of.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. It is a com-
promise of a law-suit, I believe.
Mr. DAWES. It does not confirm any s-H.
The money has got to be distributed, and the
law docs not describe how. It has got to be
distributed pro rata. The adjustment of the
account of the United States with the repre-
resentatives of Mr. Clapp is made under a gen-
eral law which authorizes such compromises; it
was done two years ago, and this money has
been on deposit in a New York bank all the
time because it could not be covered into the
Treasury until some act authorizing the dis-
tribution of it should be passed. That is the
origin of this bill. It has been before the
committee of the Senate, and the Senate were
unanimously in favor of it. It was before the
Committee on Naval Affairs of theHouse, who
had the same bill ready to report, and they
recommend its passage.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Cannot prize
money be covered into the Treasury without
the authority of a special act of Congress?
Mr. DAWES. Most certainly it can; but
when the whole sum total is not enough to
adjust all the cases there is no law to author-
ize the pro rata distribution. Here is a sum
total against which all the prize cases in the
court at Key West are to be settled, and this
bill authorizes the holding of this money when
it goes into the Treasury to answer to those
prize eases. Some of them have been decided
in the Supreme Court and some are pending in
it. The representatives of Mr. Clapp have no
interest at all in their adjudication. They have
deposited this money according to an arrange-
ment between them and the Treasury and
Navy Departments. But it cannot go into the
Treasury until some act is passed of this kitii.
Two committees have examined it thoroughly.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. It is rather
an unusual bill, but I have so much confidence
in the Naval Committee who have examined
it that I do not deem it proper to interpose
any further objection.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LIGHTING STREETS OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. KOONTZ. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee for the
District of Columbia a joint resolution (S. No.
57 j relative to lighting-the streets of Washing-
ton city, District of Columbia.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. KOONTZ. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection. Pennsylvania avenue
and Four-and-a-half street are in darkness 011
account of the failure of an appropriation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I willstate
to my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kooxtz]
that I do not make any captious objection.
We had that matter before the Committee on
Appropriations, and concluded that Washing-
ton city might light her own streets.
Mr. KOONTZ. A part of this joint resolu-
tion provides that the council of the city shall
levy a tax for the purpose of lighting the
streets.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, let
the substitute be read.
The substitute was read, as follows:
Joint resolution relative to lighting the streets of
Washington, District of Columbia, reducing the
expense, and for other purposes.
Whereas the municipal authorities of the city of
Washington have failed to carry out tho arrange-
ments for lighting the streets of said city, in accord-
ance with the provisions of an act entitled "An act
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government," approved July 28,1866: There-
fore,
Jic it resolved by the Senate and House of ^ Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That tho mayor and city councils of the
city of Washington bo, and they are hereby, author-
ized and directed to levy and collect a tax from the
property-holders of the city of Washington sufficient
to defray the expense of lighting the avenue and
street lamps of said city with six-feet burners twenty-
one nights in each month, from dark until daylight,
and keep said lamps so lighted each yoar.
Sec. 2. And be it further resobjed, That the Secre-
tary of the Interior, for the Government of the Uni-
ted States, and the mayor and city councils of the
city of Washington, for the city,, be, and they aro
hereby, authorized and directed immediately upon
the passage ofthisjointresolution, severally,to con-
tract with the Washington Gas-light Company (if
said company shall agree thereto) for a term of fif-
teen years for tho United States Government, and
for tho city for such a term, not exceeding fifteen
years, as may bo agreed upon, for all tho illuminat-
ing gas required in tho city of Washington by tho
United States, and for tho avenue and street lamps
and public offices of the city in tho city of Washing-
ton, in accordance with the provisions of this joint
resolution, at tho reduced prico of threo dollars net
per thousand feet: Provided however, That tho price
paid under said contract shall a.t no timewithin said
term of fifteen years exceed the price charged by said
company to the citizens of Washington, and that tho
quality of said illuminating gas shall not be loss
than fifteen candles standard: And provided further.
That tho right is reserved to the United States and
to the mayor and city councils of Washington to
annul the contracts authorized hereby at any time
after ten years, by giving two years' notico.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, That the mayor
and city councils of the city of Washington be, and
they aro hereby, authorized and directed to increase
from time to time, as tho publio good may require,
the number of street lamps on any of the streets,
lanes, alleys, public ways, and grounds in the city
of Washington, and to do any and all things per-
taining to the well lighting of the city, and to levy
and collect a tax from tho property holders therefor.
Sec. 4. Andbe it further resolved, That in thoevent
of the failure oi tho mayor and city councils to levy
and collect the tax herein authorized, or to light the
said city as herein duocted, then tho Secretary of
the Interior be, and I10 is hereby, authorized and
directed to levy a tax upon the property of said city
and to collect the same, sufficient to light said city
for tho current yoar, and so from year toyear, in caso
of such failure of said mayor and city councils to
light, as herein directed, and to fully execute the
provisions of this joint resolution in the place and
stead of tho said mayor and city councils.
Sec. 5. And be it further resolved. That, nothing
herein contained shall be construed to l'eliove the
said WashingtonGas-lightCompany from paying tho
internal revenue tax imposed by law.
Mr. DELANO. I object to tho report.
ST JOSEPH CATHEDRAL, BUFFALO.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I have been directed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to report for
action at this time a joint resolution authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to refund duties
paid on a chime of bells and a clock imported
for St. Joseph Cathedral, Buffalo, New York.
The joint resolution, which was read, remits
the duties 011 the set of bells and the clock for
St. Joseph Cathedral, in tho city of Buffalo,
in the State of Now York, and (Meets the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to repay the amount
paid for duty thereon.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
Subsequently Mr. Kelsey withdrewhisobjec-
tion, but
Mr. FARNSWORTII said: I renew the
objection unless I can offer an amendment to
the effect that all bells imported for religious
purposes shall be allowed to come in free.
Mr. SPALDING. Oh! no.
UNION PACIFIC RAILKOAD.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, transmitting, in compliance
with a resolution of the House, a statement of
the troops stationed along the line of the Union
Pacific railroad between Omaha and Salt Lake
City; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
IMPROVEMENT OF GALVESTON HARBOR.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before tho House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting, in compli-
ance with the act of March 2, 1867, a commu-
nication from the chief of engineers, with a
report from General M. D. McAllister, relative
to the most practicable mode of improving the
harbor of Galveston, Texas; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
TIIIAL OF GENERAL B. WHITTLESEY.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting, in compli-
ance with House resolutions of the 30th ultimo,
the record of a military court held at Raleigh,
North Carolina, for the trial of Brevet Briga-
dier General E. Whittlesey; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
PARIS EXPOSITION, OF 1867.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of State, transmitting the finan-
cial reports of N. M. Beckwith, United States
commissioner general to the Paris Exposition
of 1867; and ot J. C. Derby, general agent at
New York; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
CHOCTAW AND CHICKASAW TREATY.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, transmit-
ting a communication from the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, asking an appropriation of
$15,000 to carry out the treaty stipulations
with the Choetaw and Chickasaw Indians;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled a
bill of the following title ; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (3. No. 564) concerning the tax com-
missioners for the State of Arkansas.
PURCHASE Ol' ALASKA.
Mr. BANKS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself iutc
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole 011 the state of the Union, (Mr.
Garfield in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being House
bill No. 1090, making an appropriation of money
to carry into effect the treaty with Russia of
March 30, 1867.
Mi-. MILLER asked and obtained leave to
have printed in the Globe some remarks upon
the Alaska bill. [See Appendix.]
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
When the Committee of the Whole was last in
session on this bill there was an appeal pend-
ing from the decision of the Chair in regard to
an amendment offered by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.] The question
pending is upon that appeal.
Mr. BANKS. As it is some days since this
question was under consideration, i ask the
Chair to state the question and the grounds of
his decision.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask that
the amendment be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to the hill the following:
Provided, That the payment of $oOQ,OQO of s..id
appropriation bewithheld until the imperial Uov-
ernmont of Russia shall signify its whlinaness to
refer to an impartial tribunal for adjudication, and
settlement all such claims by American citizens
acrainst the imperial Government of Russia as have
been investigated by the State Department of tlie
United States and declared by said Department to
be just, and the amount so awarded to be paid irotn
said $500,000 so withheld.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state
that this amendment offered t>y the gentleman
from Massachusetts was objected to as out of
order. The Chair sustained the point of m-.k'r
on the ground that the treaty is indivKl!•..**:
that the object of the pending bill is to fuiliil
the stipulations of the sixth article of the treaty:
that that article requires the payment ol' a spe-
cific sum, and any proposition to withhold a
