1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
621
executive officer of tbis nation has not hesitated
to enter the lists and style them the " bond-
holding aristocracy.''
Having had something to do in a small way
with selling these bonds, and knowing some-
thing of the character of the purchasers in the
interior portions of the country, 1 beg leave to
quote from the report of the Secretary of the
Ireasury, whose statement in this respect fully
accords with my own knowledge:
"They were sold at the highest price that could be
obtained tiir them—not chiefly to the capitalists of
the cities, bat to men of moderate means through-
out the country, who subscribed for them, not for
•peculation, but to aid the Government in its strug-
?:les with a gigantic rebellion ; and it is a significant
act that with rare exceptions, the complaint come
from those who, doubtful of the result of the conflict,
deolincd to invest in them."
And in this connection I ask leave to read
an extract from a private letter bearing on this
point. The writer is an old man, now nearly
seventy years of age, for forty years a Method-
ist minister, one of that class of men who in
days gone by used to sing—
"No foot of land do I possess,
No cottage in this wilderness,"
but who, more fortunate than many of his com-
peers, had gathered together a small portion of
this world's goods. One of the thoroughly
loyal men of West Virginia, who " kept back
no part of the price," who gave his only son,
his first-born a sacrifice for the life of his coun-
try, under Sheridan at Five Forks, and, as he
says, would have sacrificed all he had rather
than see the rebels succeed, now, in his old
age, with the widow and children of that son
depending on him to some extent for support,
gives his opinion of the proposition to pay off
the national debt by an issue of " greenbacks"
as follows:
" I dashed off a letter to you the other day touching
the national debt, taxing United States bonds, <fcc.
I have thought muaboen the subject since, and the
more I have reflected on it the more am I astonished
at the stupendous villainy proposed by those who
would pay off the debt by a flood of greenbacks."
* * * * " I look at it thus: in th« darkest
hour I lent all I could to tho Government, when, at
the very same time I could have lent it at ten per
cent, just as I did lend to a friend in Iowa, and to
another man these whose note, secured by a mort-
gage, I still hold. Well, my bonds are worth five per
cent, premium, while all who invested in real estate
find their investments worth from thirty to one hun-
dred and fifty per cent, e„ while X have gainedfive,
men who would not lend onecent to the Government
have gained from thirty to one hundred and fifty.
And now they clamor to have what is owing me vir-
tually repudiated. They who would do nothing to
help the Government (and many of them wished the
rebellion to trimnphjhavereaped the chief pecuniary
benefit, while I, who would have sacrificed all I had
rather than seethe rebelssucceed, am to be beggared,
if they can succeed in their wholesale swindling."
This is but one case of thousands like it all
over the country. For nine times in ten those
who gave their sons to the Government gave
their property also, and those who withheld
themselves or their relatives from the good
cause withheld their.pecuniary support. And
those who .are most deeply interested pecunia-
rily in the decision of this question are not the
rich and wealthy, who could sustain their losa
without being impoverished, but those of more
moderate means, who have trusted their all to
the Government in full confidence that the
Government would in letter and spirit fulfill to
the uttermost all its engagements, and who are
bow turniug with great anxiety to this Con-
gress for its decision on this all-absorbing ques-
tion.
I cannot believe the people demand this
measure at our hands; that they will be access-
ory to a policy the results of which have been
so well described by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury that I again beg Leave to quote.
On page :j(> of his report the Secretary says:
" It is not too much to say that an additional issue
of $500,000,000 of United States notes would reduce
the $700,000,000 of paper money now in circulation
to one halt' their present value, so that a legal-
tender note or a national bank note, now worth
seventy percent, in coin, would not be worth more
than thirty-five per cent., oven if the apprehension
of further issues did not place it on a par with con-
federate notes at the collapse of the rebellion. The
bonds would of course decline in value with the cur-
rency in which they would be payable. Can anyone
seriously propose thus to depreciate, if not render
valueless. the money and securities of the.peopled
Can any one, knowing the effect which such an issue
would have upon the Government bonds, upon the
currency now afloat, upon business, upon credit,
upon the public inorah, seriously advocate such a
measure, not as a matter of necessity but to antici-
pate tho payment of debts due many years henco?
Tiie statement of the proposition exposes its wicked-
ness. When fairly considered it cannot fail to be
stainped with universal c ondemnation. It is a prop-
osition that the people of the United States, who own
four fifths of the national obligations, shall, by their
own deliberate act, rob and ruin themselves, and at
the same time cover the nation with inexpressible
and ineffaceable disgrace."
I may be met with the clap-trap question,
"Are you in favorof paying the bondsin gold?"
I reply I am in favor of paying them accord-
ing to law. And long before these bonds are
payable, before they are claims and demands
against the United States, if the nation is true
to its best interests, the lawful money of the
United States will be equal to gold and silver,
sind the question will have no practical bear-
ing. But, say the advocates of this measure,
is not the money that pays the soldier and sup-
ports those wards of the nation, the pensioners,
good enough for the bondholder? I reply I
am in favor of making the money which pays
thesoldierand the pen sior e* equal tothatwhich
pays the bondholder. And it could be no bene-
fit to the soldier or the pensioner to take such
a course with the bondholder as would reduce
by at least one half the value of the pay of the
soldier and the pensioner. And the advocates
of this policy well know this would be the inev-
itable result, and under cover of love and sym-
pathy for the welfare of the soldier and the
pensioner they advocate a policy which would
deprive him of one half his means for supply-
ing his wants or providing his oomferts. And
any further progress in this policy of issuing
United States notes for the payment of bonds,
or any other purpose, with a view of increasing
the currency, would only result still in further
depreciating its value, until it would lose its
purchasing power, and that which is now the
favorite paper currency of the people would be
repudiated by them as unfit for the purposes
of money, aid these notes would fiwt their
way to the same pigeon-hole in the escritoire
of history with Continental money and French
assignats, unless the Government should gather,
them up and again fund them in interest bear-
ing bonds.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ross] caWs
this issuing of additional legal-tender notes
" watering the currency." 1 fear he would
find it drowning the currency. Even in the
present condition of the currency, on account
of its liability to great fluctuation in value,
merchants who deal largely in imported goods1,
which must be paid for in gold, have adopted'
gold as the basis of their transactions, and pur-
chases of coffee, tea, spice, &c., are to-day made
of the importers in all our large cities in gold
* its equivalent. Any great accession to the
amount of inconvertible paper currency would
increase this liability to fluctuation, and the
probability of continued accessions to it would
lead the people to distrust it as unfit foi? the
purposes of money, and thus that which when
made convertible will prove the best paper cur-
rency this or any other country has ever had
would be condemned and'repudiated, and the
country be compelled to adopt some other sub-
stitute or to resort to gold and silver or barter
as a medium of exchange.
To avoid such a result and to secure within
reasonable time a convertible paper currency,
in which all the people would have-the fullest
confidence, as well to relieve the public bur-
den to that extent by taking up an interest-
bearing debt and substituting therefor a non-
interest-bearing debt, thereby saving; a large
amount in interest, I favor the withdrawal
of the national bank notes and the issue of
legal-tender notes to an equal amount, but not
in the mode proposed by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Buti-er,] which, if I un-
derstand it correctly, would issue to the banks
$300,000,000 of legal-tender notes and still
leave them in possession of their bonds; and
as the banks would still hold the bonds the
Government would have to pay the interest.
I The result would be, the Government would
: redeem the circulation of the banks, the banks
receiving therefor $300,000,000 in legal-tender
i notes, and the national debt be increased by
that amount without any saving of interest.
That I do not misrepresent him 1 will read :
"Mr. Chairman, when the committee rose I was
endeavoring to put before it the way in which the
national bank circulation might be withdrawn from
the banks and legal-tender notes substituted without
shock to the business of tho country. I agree, sir,
that any proposition of legislation is vicious which
tends in any considerable degree to interfere with the
industrial pursuits of the people, but I propose we
should enact in some proper form that the Secretary
of the Treasury should each month retain in tho
Treasury all the national bank bills which have been
collected by the collectors of the internal revenue,
i or which have come through other means into the
Treasury of th« United States, nnd at the same time
should issue to the banks, if they desired to receive
them, or to issue in payment of the interest-bearing
notes which are payable in currency an equal amount
of legal tenders. In a very few months, lour or five,
the national bank notes would be withdrawn from
circulation and their place supplied with greenbacks
without any shock to tho business of the country:
and, port patmi, the bonds of the banks held as security
for these notes oould be restored to them."
I much prefer the plan proposed in House
bill No. 44, known as Mr. Randall'8 bill,
which provides that the notes of the national
banks received into the Treasury shall not
again be put into circulation ; that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall pay out for circula-
tion, as the wants of the Government may
require, an amount of legal-tender notes equal
to the amount of national bank notes so re-
ceived ; that when the national bank notes of
any one bank so received, shall accumulate to
a certain amount, the bank shall be required to
redeem them'm lawful money and to present
the notes to the Secretary of the Treasury for
cancellation ; who is directed to cancel said
notes and return to the bank the proportionate
amount of United States bonds deposited as
security for the same. But, should the bank
neglect or decline to redeem said circulating
notes after reasonable notice, the Secretary of
the Treasury is authorized! amd directed to
cancel said notes, and to pay to the bank in
legal-tender notes the market value of the pro-
portionate amount of'bonds deposited as secu-
rity for the same, and to transfer the bonds to
a sinking fund or to cancel them, as may be
thought advisable; and further provides that
the amount of legal-tender notes issued in
exchange or instead of national bank notes,
shall be invested by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury in bonds Or other interest-bearing debt of
the United States, for the formation of a sink-
ing fund or for cancellation, as Congress shall
determine! The result would be, the banks
would redeem their own notesj control their
own bon-d's if they desired to do so, the coun-
try have the same amount of circulation, and
the Government be relieved of paying interest
on whatever amount of bonds $300,000,000
of legal-tender notes would purchase. The
process would be so gradual that the banks
would be able to learn in the mean time, each
for itself, whether there would be sufficient
business in the1 community where it.is located
to justify the continuance of a bank after its
circulation shall have been withdrawn. But
these remarks will be more in order when that
bill shall come up for consideration.
I am in favor of withdrawing the circulation
of the national bank notes and substituting
therefor legal-tender notes, not alone on ac-
count of the interest thereby saved to the Gov-
ernment, but because I believe it is essential,
if this country is to return to specie payments
during the lifetime of the banks. I am no
advocate of immediate resumption of specie
payments, but that this country shall continue
to carry on its vast agricultural, manufacturing,
mining, and commercial interests for an indefi-
nite number of years with an irredeemable
paper currency I trust no one seriously advo-
cates ; but all concur in the opinion that the
best good of all interests and all classes de-
mands that somewhere in the definite future
that point shall be reached, and that our legis-
lation should tend in that direction. I may
be mistaken, but I can see no road in that.
