1868,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40o3
part of that sum is inconsistent with the pur-
pose of the bill, and is, therefore, not in order.
The gentleman from Massachusetts has ap-
pealed from the decision of the Chair. That
appeal is now pending.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Would it
be proper for the Chair to state, as a great
many members were absentwben the question
was up before, that at that time the majority
of those present sustained the appeal?
The CHAIRMAN. It would not be proper,
for the reason that it is the recollection of the
Chair that there were thirty-six members pres-
ent, and eighteen voted on each side. The
question is, Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?
On the question there were—ayes 93, noes
27.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Loughiudgis, to insert the follow-
ing preamble and additional section:
Whereas the President of the United States, on the
30th of March, 1867, entered into a treaty with the
emperor of Russia, by thetermsof which it was stip-
ulated that in consideration of the cession by the
emperor of Russia to the United States of eertain
territory therein described, the United States should
pay to the emperor of Russia the sum of $7,200,000 in
coin; and whereas it was further stipulated in said
treaty that the United Statesshall accept of such ces-
sion, and that certain inhabitants of said territory
shall be admitted to the enjoyment of all the rights
and immunities of citizens of the United States; and
whereas the subjects thus embraced in the stipula-
tions of said treaty are among the subjects which by
the Constitution of the United States are submitted
to the power of Congress, and over which Congress
has exclusive jurisdiction; and it being for such rea-
son necessary that the consentof Congress should bo
given to the said stipulations before the same can
have full furcc and eiiect; having taken into consid-
eration the said treaty, and approving of the stipu-
lations therein. To the end that the same may be
carried into effect; Therefore,
Sec. 1. lie it enacted, Sc., That the assent of Con-
gress is hereby given to the stipulations of said treaty.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I modify my amend-
ment by striking out the word " exclusive"
before ''jurisdiction;" so as to make the lan-
guage read, "over which Congress has juris-
diction."
Mr. HIGBY. I ask the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Loughkidge] to accept the follow-
ing as a substitute for his amendment:
That in the opinion of this House, after full debate
the money stipulated by treaty made with Russia to
be paid for the purchase of Alaska ought to be
appiopriated; but in making this declaration the
House at the same time asserts its right to decide, at
all times whether an appropriation for tho purpose
of carrying into execution a treaty made by the
President, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, ought to be made or withheld; and holds
further that it is the right and duty of the House to
investigate with close scrutiny any such appropria-
tion asked lor, and act according to its best judg-
ment, the same as upon any and every other appro-
priation.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Icannot aceeptthat
as a substitute for my amendment.
Mr. BANKS. There is no objection, I
believe, to the proposition of the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Loughjridge.] Ihopeitwill
be adopted.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I hope
it will not be adopted. It contains doctrines
altogether false.
Mr. ELIOT. I hope my amendment may
be' read before that of the gentleman from
Iowa is acted on.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] is
not in order now unless he offers it as a sub-
stitute for that of the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. ELIOT. I offer it as a substitute, and
ask the Clerk to read it.
The Clork read as follows :
Add at the end of tho original bill—
The CHAIRMAN. This is not in order as
a substitute for the pending amendment.
Mr. ELIOT. Let it be reported.
Mr. BANKS. It is not now in order, and I
object to its being reported.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
to add to the amendment of the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. I.oughridge] the words,
" and that the members of this House shall be
taken into secret session with tho Senate be-
fore the treaty is confirmed." Otherwise the
whole thing is a folly.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Lough-
ridge's amendment.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 61, noes 36; no quorum voting.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Banks and
Mr. Okth were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 71, noes 34.
So the amendment was adopted.
The question then recurred on Mr. Eliot's
amendment.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 64, noes 57.
Mr. BANKS demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to move an amendment which is short of the
objectionable feature of the other amendment
I offered.
The Clerk proceeded to read as follows:
Provided, Thcimperial Government of Russiashall
signify its willingness to refer to an impartial tri-
bunal for adjudication—
Mr. BANKS. I raise the first point of order
on the amendment that it is not in order, as it
imposes a new condition to the treaty.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let the
amendment be read.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment will
first be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, The imperial Government of Russia
shall signify its willingness to refer to an impartial
tribunal for adjudication and settlement all such
claims by American citizens against the imperial
Government of Russia as have been investigated by
the State Department of the United States, and de-
clared toy said Department to be just.
Mr. BANKS. I rise to a question of order.
It defeats the appropriation and imposes a new
condition upon the treaty.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains
the point of order that new conditions imposed
upon the treaty are not in order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man 
Mr. BANKS. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the commit-
tee rise and report the bill.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 71, noes 32.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Gar-
field reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had under consideration the special order.
House bill No. 1096, making an appropriation
of money to carry into effect the treaty with
Russia of March 30, 1807, and had directed
him to report the same back with sundry
amendments.
Mr. BANKS. I rise to close the debate
under tho rule. I yield to the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schhxck] for the space of ten min-
utes.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I do not
know I shall want ten minutes, for I do not rise
for the purpose of entering into any lengthy
debate on this subject. There is neither time
nor opportunity nor fitness, and I will not
endeavor to do anything of that sort. The
amendments which have been adopted in the
Committee of the Whole asserting the power
of the House of Representatives, to my mind
take away much of what otherwise exists with
me as objection against this bill. So far as
the matter of the acquisition of this territory
from Russia is concerned, I admit 1 have not
that high opinion of its value which many gen-
tlemen seem to entertain. I have never been
able to feel my imagination worked upon to
the extent of according to the bargain we have
made anything like the value which other gen-
tlemen seem to find in it. Perhaps, if any-
thing could reconcile myself, or any man, to
the acquisition of this Alaska territory it might,
be found in the weather under which we are now
suffering, and that probably is a more earnest
argument in its favor than almost anything else
I can find in my mind. [Laughter.]
So far, however, as to any other question or
all other questions underlying the whole sub-
ject is concerned I remain precisely of the same-
opinion I expressed to the House when this sub-
ject was first introduced early in the session. 3
took the ground then which I desire to repeat
now. I hold that in what has been done in
relation to the purchase of Alaska and the
taking possession of that territory, the treaty-
making power in the first place, and afterward
the Executive, haveboth transcended the pow-
ers given or intended to be given to them
respectively by the Constitution. I admit that
by the letter of the Constitution treaties made
by the President and Senate are the supreme
law of the land ; but when I admit that by the
terms of that instrument they are thus made
the highest obligatory law I claim that they
must be clearly within the meaning of the law
intended to be made. Now, what law in the
shape of a treaty can the President and the
Senate make ? To my mind clearly only that
law which is within the scope of their power as
President and Senate exercising such func-
tions. They are the President and the Senate,
respectively, of the United States. When they
exercise their functions in the making of
treaties they do so byandfofthe United States.
If they go beyond that which is done by and
for the United States, then, I say, they are out-
side of the scope and authority which the
Constitution confers upon them.
Now, let me explain myself. What consti-
tutes a nation? What'constitutes a State?
What is the United States as a nation? Like
every other State or independent sovereignty
it is made of three component qualities. It
consists, first, of a people ; second, of a given
territory inhabited by that people; and third,
of a form of government which the people
within the territory have adopted for them-
selves. When, therefore, the supreme law in
the shape of a treaty is to be made for the Uni-
ted States that supreme law must not inter-
fere with either of the elements which make
up the nation for which the President and the
Senate act. I hold, therefore, that the Presi-
dent and the Senate can make no treaty which
changes the people of the country. They can
make no obligatory treaty which changes the
territory inhabited by the people, and they can
make no treaty which changes the form of Gov-
ernment which the people maintain within that
territory. I will not stop to inquire how far
these general propositions may be modified by
the settlement of a question of boundary, for
that I do not regard as properly an acquisition
of territory. But I hold that it is out of the
power of the President and Senate to make a
treaty which shall disturb either of the three
original component elements which constitute
the United States a Government. They can-
not give us a different people from what we
have, a different territory from that which the
people occupy, or a different form of Govern-
ment.
What, then, can give validity to anything of
this kind done by the President and Senate?
Simply the assent of the people to this extra
constitutional power, which assent can only be
gathered by the concurrence of all the Depart-
ments of the Government. This I understand
to have been the doctrine of Thomas Jefferson,
when he claimed that the purchase of Louis-
iana was altogether outside of the Constitution.
Mr. Jefferson, we are well advised, never re-
garded that purchase as having any validity
under the Constitution, as an exercise of the
treaty-making power, but only as obtaining its
validity by tho subsequent assent of the nation
given through all the Departments of the Gov-
ernment.
Now, then, I claim that the President and
Senate have transcended their power in making
a treaty of this kind which acquires foreign
