1868.]
APPENDIX TO TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
505
Laws of the United States.
40th Coxg....2d Sess.
including loss by exchange thereon, five thou- j
sand eight hundred dollars.
For expenses incurred, under instructions
from the Secretary of State, in bringing home
from foreign countries persons charged with
crime, and expenses incident thereto, ten
thousand dollars.
For salaries of the marshals for the consular
courts in Japan, including that at Nagasaki,
and in China, Siam, and Turkey, including
loss by exchange thereon, nine thousand dollars.
For the salaries of the consuls at Osaca and
Yeddo, Japan, whose salaries are hereby fixed
at three thousand dollars each, six thousand
dollars.
For rent of prisons for American convicts
in Japan, China, Siam, and Turkey, and for
wages of the keepers of the same, nine thou-
sand dollars.
For salaries of ministers resident and con-
suls general to Hayti and Liberia, eleven thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For expenses under the act of Congress to
carry into effect the treaty between the United
States and her Britannic Majesty for the sup-
pression of the African slave trade, twelve
thousand five hundred dollars.
For expenses under the neutrality act, twenty
thousand dollars.
For the payment of the fourth annual install-
ment of the proportion contributed by the
United States toward the capitalization of the
Scheldt dues, to fulfill the stipulations con-
tained in the fourth article of the convention
between the United States and Belgium of the
twentieth of May, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, the sum of fifty-five thousand live hun-
dred and eighty-four dollars in coin, and such
further sum as may be necessary to carry out
the stipulation of the convention providing for
payment of interest on the said sum and on
the portion of the principal remaining unpaid.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That any
officer of the Army or Navy of the United
States who shall, after the passage of this act,
accept or hold any appointment in the diplo-
matic or consular service of the Government,
shall be considered as having resigned bis said
office, and the place held by him in the mili-
tary oi naval service shall be deemed and
taken to be vacant, and shall be filled in the
same manner as if the said officer had resigned
the same.
Sec. 3. And be, it further enacted, That no
diplomatic or consular officer shall receive sal-
ary for the time during which he pay be absent
from his post by leave or otherwise, if such ab-
sence shall exceed sixty days in any one year.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted. That the
act entitled " An act to encourage immigra-
tion," approved July fourth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
Approved, March 30, 1SG8.
Chap. XLI.—An Act to exempt certain Man-
ufactures from Internal Tax, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Ho use of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That sections ninety-four
and ninety-five of the act entitled "An act to
provide internal revenue to support the Gov-
ernment, to pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes, ' approved June thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and all
acts and parts of acts amendatory of said sec-
tions, be, and the same are hereby, repealed,
except only so much of the said sections and
amendments thereto as relates to the taxes
imposed thereby on gas made_ofcoal wholly
or in part, or of any other material; on illu-
minating, lubricating, or other mineral oils or
articles tli© products of the distillation^ rcdis-
tillation, or refining of crude petroleum, or of
a single distillation of coal, shale, peat, ssphal-
lum, or other bituminous substances, on wines
therein described, and on snuff and all the
other mauuf'actures of tobacco, including cigar-
ettes, cigars, and cheroots: Provided, That
the products of petroleum and bituminous sub-
stances hereinbefore mentioned, except illu-
minating gas, shall, from and after the passage
of this act, be taxed at one half the rates fixed
by the said section ninety-four.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That
nothing in this act contained shall be construed
to repeal or interfere with any law, regulation,
or provision for the assessment or collection
of any tax which, under existing laws, may
accrue before the first day of April, anno
Domini eighteen hundred and sixty-eight.
And nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued as a repeal of any tax upon machinery
or other articles which have been or may be
delivered on contracts made with the United
States prior to the passage of this act.
Sec. 3. Andbeit further enacted. That after
the first day of June next, no drawback of
internal taxes paid on manufactures shall be
allowed oil the exportation of any article of
domestic manufacture on which there is no
internal tax at the time of exportation ; nor
shall such drawback be allowed in any ease
unless it shall be proved by sworn evidence in
writing, to the satisfaction of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, that the tax had
been paid, and that such articles of manufac-
ture were, prior to the first day of April, eight-
een hundred and sixty-eight, actually purchased
or actually manufactured and contracted for,
to be delivered for such exportation ; and no
claim for such drawback, or for any drawback
of internal tax on exportations made prior to
the passage of this act, shall be paid unless
presented to the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue before the first day of October, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight.
Sec. 4. Andbeit further enacted, Thatevery
person, firm, or corporation who shall manu-
facture by hand or machinery any goods, wares,
or merchandise, (breadstuff's and unmanufac-
tured lumber excepted,) not otherwise specif-
ically taxed as such, or who shall be engaged
in the manufacture or preparation for sale of
any articles or compounds not otherwise spe
cifically taxed, or shall put up for sale in pack-
ages with his own natno or trade-mark thereon
any articlesor compound not otherwise specif-
ically taxed, and whose annual sales exceed
five thousand dollars, shall pay for every addi-
tional thousand dollars in excess of five thou-
sand dollars, two dollars, and the amount of
sales in excess of the rate of five thousand
dollars per annum shall be returned quarter
yearly to the assistant assessor, and the tax on
the excess of five thousand dollars shall be
assessed by the assessor and paid quarter
yearly in the months of January. April, July,
and October of each year, as other taxes are
assessed and paid. And the first assessment
herein provided for shall be made in the month
of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, for
the three months then next preceding.
Sec. 5. Andbeit further enacted, Thatevery
person engaged in carrying on the business of
a distiller who shall defraud or attempt to
defraud the United States of the tax on the
spirits distilled by him, or any part thereof,
shall forfeit the distillery and distilling appa-
ratus used by him, and all distilled spirits and
all raw materials for the production of distilled
spirits found in the distillery and on the distil-
lery premises, and shall, on conviction, be
fined not less than five hundred dollars, nor
more than five thousand dollars, and be im-
prisoned not less than six months, nor more
than three years.
Sec. G. And be it further enacted, That if
any officer or agent appointed and acting under
the authority of any revenue law of the United
States shall be guilty of gross neglect in the
discharge of any of the duties of his office, or
shall conspire or collude with any other person
to defraud the United States, or shall make
opportunity for any person to defraud the
United States, or shall do, or omit to do, any
act with intent to enable any other person to
defraud the United States, or shall make or
sign any false certificate or return in any case
where he is by law or regalation required to
make a certificate or return, or having knowl-
edge or information of the violation of any
revenue law by any person, or of fraud com-
mitted by any person against the United States
under any revenue law of the United States,
shall fail to report, in writing, such knowledge
or information to his next superior officer, and
to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, he
shall, on conviction, be fined not less than one
thousand dollars, nor more than five thousand
dollars, and shall be imprisoned not less than
six months, nor more than three years.
Sec. And 6e it further enacted, That no
compromise, or discontinuance, or iiolle.prose-
qui of any prosecution under this act shall be
allowed without the permission in writing of
the Secretary of the Treasury and the Attorney'
General.
Approved, March 31, 18G8.
Chap. XLIII.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Expenses of the Trial of the Impeach-
ment ol Andrew Johnson and other Contin-
gent Expenses of the Senate for the year
ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Rouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the payment of the expenses
of the trial of the impeach ment of Andrew John-
son, and other contingent expenses of the Sen-
ate of the United States for the year ending
June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight:
For expenses of the trial of the impeachment
of Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, ten thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, forty thousand
dollars.
For deficiency in the appropriation for the
payment of the Capitol police, and for addi-
tional policemen and incidental expenses
thereof, seventeen thousand dollars.
For deficiency in the appropriation for the
payment of additional messengers, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
Approved, May 19, 18G8.
Chap. XLVI.—An Act to grant the Right of
Way to the Whitehall and Plattsburgh Rail-
road Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the L nited States of America in
Congress assembled. That, the Whitehall and
Plattsburgh Railroad Company be, and is
hereby, authorized to locate, construct, and
operate its railroad across the land belonging
to the United States at Plattsburgh, in the
State of New York, upon a line commencing
in the highway leading from Plattsburgh to
Peru, at a point one hundred feet north from
the north line of the iuclosure surrounding
the Government buildings, running thence in
a northeasterly direction about sixteen hun-
dred feet to the bank of Lake Champlain,
thence northwardly along the bank of said
lake to the north line of the land belonging to
the United States, such line of said road being
designated on a map of survey of the same,
made by James P. Campbell, and now on file
in the office of the Secretary of War: Provided,
That the right of way herein granted shall be
subject to such restrictions as the Secretary of
War may think necessary to protect the inter-
ests of the United States: And provided fur-
ther, That no more than four rods in width of
the Government land shall be occupied under
the provisions of this act.
Approved, May 20, 18bS.
