1868.
THE COFGRESSIOFAL GLOBE.
Beaman, Bingham, Blair, Boutwell, Buokland, But-
ler, Oohurn, Dawes, Dixoa, Driggs, Eckley, Eldridge,
Farnsworth, Ferrigs, Fields, Garfield, Getz, Goliaday,
Hawkins, Hill, Holman, Hotchkiss, Chester 1>. Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Hunter, Julian, Kelsey, Kerr,
Kitchen, Knott, Koontz, Laflin, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loughridge, Marshall,
McCormick, Mercur, Moorhead, Muliins, Niblack,
Plants, Polsley, Iloss, Selye, Shanks, Sp-alding, Aaron
F. Stevens, Taber, Lawrence S.Trimble, Trowbridge,
Upson, Van Trump, J3hhu B. Washburne, Henry 1).
Washburn, William. B. Washburn, Welker, and
Woodward—63.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer,
PelosR. Ashley, Axtell#Barnum, Beatty.Beck, Ben-
jamin, Benton, Blaine, Boyer, Brooks. Cake, Cary,
Chanler, Header W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
C9ok, Cornell, Covode, Eggieston, Ela, Eliot, Ferry,
Finney, Fox, Glossbrenner, Griswold, Grover, Hal-
scy, Harding, Hooper, Asabel W. Hubbard, Hum-
phrey, Ingersoll, Johnson, Jones, Ketcham, Lynch,
Marvin, McCarthy, McClurg, MeCullough, Moore,
Morgan, Morrell, Morrissey, Mungen, Nicholson,
Nunn, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters. Phelps, Pike,
Pile, Poland, Pruyn, Kobinson, Schenck, Shella-
barger, Smith, Starkweather, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stewart, Stokes, Stone, John Trimble, Van Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, William Williams, John T. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridgc—81.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which, the amendment
was disagreed to ; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 9, in line
onehundredand eight, to strike out k' $15,000"
and insert in lieu thereof u$89,008j'J so that
the paragraph would read:
For construction of the eourt-house at Des Moines,
Iowa, $S(),008.
Mr. DODGE. This amendment was fully
discussed in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. I desire to have read
letters from the supervising architect and the
Secretary of the Treasury, which I send to the
Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department,
Office of the Supervising Architect,
February 8, 1868.
Sie: I have the honor to inclose an estimate of the
total cost of the United States court-house and post
office at Des Moines, Iowa, completed, and to say
that the Department has succeeded in making eon-
tracts for the supply of material on advantageous
terms, both as to price and promptness of delivery.
I believo that if sufficient appropriations for the
completion of the building can be obtained that the
building can be put under roof before next winter,
and finally completed before the close of the next
fiscal year. I need not add that the cost of the build-
ing will depend in a very great measure upon the
promptness with which it is completed.
The total estimated cost of the building completed
is $174,008 00
85,000 00
$89,008 00
Very respectfully.
A. B. MULL1STT,
Supervising Architect.
Hon. Hugh McCulloch, Secretary of the Treasury.
Teeasuby Department,
Fcbi-u&ry 10, 1868.
 3is: T have the honor to inclose herewith a com-
munication from the supervising architect with an
estimate of the cost of the United States eourt-house
and post office at Des Moines, Iowa, from which it
will appear that the sum of $89,008 will be required
to finally complete the building according to the ap-
proved plans and specifications.
As it is so evidently to the interests of the Govern-
ment that the work should be completed at the ear-
liest possible moment, (which cannot be done if de-
lays arise from the want of funds,) I would earnestly
recommend that the above amount be included in
the bill making appropriations for the fiscal year
ending Juno 30,1809.
V ery respectfully, H. MeCULTjOClI,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. Thaddeus Stevens, Chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, House of Representatives.
Mr. DODGE. It will be seen by these com-
munications that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury desires to complete this building. It is
now nearly half built, and if it is left unfinished
for another year it will be a loss to the Gov-
ernment of five or six thousand dollars in rent,
besides the injury to the building from being
left in an unfinished condition. The contracts
have been let for the building and a portion of
the material has been delivered, and it is cer-
tainly a matter of economy to finish it. The
Secretary says that the sooner it is completed
the cheaper it will be for the Government. I
now yield to my colleague, [Mr. Wn.soir.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The statement
which has just been made by my colleague [Mr.
Dodge] is similar to the statement made in
Committee of the Whole when this amend-
ment was first offered, and which led that com-
mittee- to adopt that amendment. It may be
said that there is an unexpended balance of
the appropriation made for the present fiscal
year; that is true. Of that appropriation there
is an unexpended balance of $51,843 96. With
regard to that, I ask attention to the following
communication from the office of the super-
vising architect, Treasury Department:
Treasury Department,
Office of the Supebvising Architect,
March 18,186S.
Dear Sir: The unoxpended amount of appropria-
tion for the Des Moines court-house and post office
is $51,843 96. This sum will be sufficient to carry on
the work until July.
The sum asked for in the appropriation bill will
then bo available and will be sufficient to complete
the building.
Very respectfully,..your obedient servant,
J. 0. RANKIN.
General Gr. M. Dodge, House of ^Representatives.
Now, sir, the whole case is this: this work
is now in progress under contract. A certain
amount of money is necessary in order to com-
plete it according to contract. The Govern-
ment needs this building, and for want of such
a building we are now paying rental to the
amount of about $5,000 a year for offices, which
this building will supply as soon as it is com-
pleted. The Government is, therefore, ex-
pending now each year by way of rental an
amount of money nearly equal to six per cent,
upon the amount required to complete this
building. So that in any view of the case it is
economy on the part of the Government to make
this appropriation and complete this work.
I wish simply to urge this consideration on
this House: that by appropriating now the
amount of money necessary to complete this
building the Government will save what would
be equivalent to about six per cent, interest
on the amount asked for. It is, therefore, no
additional cost to the Government to make
this appropriation. As I have already said,
the Government needs the accommodation
this building would afford if completed. The
question for this House to consider is whether
the money already appropriated, and which is
being expended upon this building, shall be
allowed to remain there, returning nothing to
the Government, or whether we will make this
appropriation to complete the building, so that
we can have the use of it and save the rent
we are now paying annually. I submit this
case to the House as one which, from the very
first step to the last, is as complete as any I
have ever known to be presented for the con-
sideration of Congress.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. If the
facts are as stated by the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Wilson,] that this building is now par-
tially completed, and this sum of money is re-
quired'to complete it, then I think jt economy
on the part of Congress to make this appropri-
ation. But I observe, by reference to the esti-
mates, that the Secretary of the Treasury asks
for $25,000 only. Now, I want to know why
we should make a larger appropriation than
he asked for? As I said before, I concur en-
tirely with the views of the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Wilson] in reference to this mat-
ter ; that as short as we are of money, and as
much as I regret that fact, still I think it would
be economy on the part of the Government to
complete this building.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. In answer to the
question of the gentleman from Wisconsin,-
[Mr. Wasiibubn,] I will say that at the time the
Secretary of the Treasury submitted the esti-
mate to which he refers, the contracts had not
been made for the completion of this work. In
addition to that I will say that I have here in my
hand a detailed statement of the estimates made
by the supervising architect, givingthe amount
required for each item going to complete this
building. So that there is no point npon
which information can.be desired that the
papers in this case do not fully present it.
Mr. MILLER. I agree with the gentleman
that it would be economy to complete this
building. But I would like to inquire how
much money has already been expended upon
it, and how far is the building advanced?
. Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. My colleague pli;.
Dodce] can furnish that information better
than I can.
Mr. DODGE. The building is now con-
structed above the first floor; the amount of
money up to the 1st of July next will be
$84,000. That is for the grburnl, building,
and everything. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in this estimate, asfcs for $89,008 to com-
plete the building.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will add, Mr.
Speaker, that the fact should not be overlooked
that the unexpended balance of §51,000 is in-
cluded in the appropriations made for the
present fiscal year, and will be expended, as
the supervising architect says, by the 1st of
July next. Then the appropriation proposed
to bo made in this bill can be made available,
because it will be an appropriation for the next
fiscal year. Within that fiscal year this build-
ing can be completed, by the aid of this ap-
propriation, according to the representations
which are made here by the officers of the
Government. The Government then willhave
the use of this building, and will save the
amount which it is now paying out for rent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question on the bill and amend-
ments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No man
can know better than I do, Mi'. Speaker, how
unpleasant it is to antagonize friends in regard
to these appropriations, and I am sure it affords
me more pain to oppose them than it affords
pleasure to my friends to urge them.
Now, sir, in regard to this appropriation for
Des Moines I must say, with due deference to
my friends from Iowa, that it seems to me one
of the most flagrant propositions that I have
ever known. Now, Mr. Speaker, (Mr. Alu-
sox in the chair,) you know, for yon come from
the State of Iowa, and are, of course, in favor
of this appropriation, that at the last session
of the last Congress a very distinguished Rep-
resentative from the Des Moines district of
your State came in here and asked an appro-
priation of $85,000 for a court-house at Des
Moines, a very nice, respectable little village
in Iowa. I hope it will grow to be, after a
while, as large a town as Galena. [Laughter.]
It was thought then that the appropriation was
extravagant, but it was argued, "just give us
this amount and we can erect a building which
can be used for all the purposes of the Govern-
ment, and thereby save a large, expenditure in
'rent'" That was the point, that it would
save the Government the expense of paying,
"rent." That-is always the dodge—to save
paying "rent." Now, for what does the
Government need to pay this "rent?" For a
court-house. The original appropriation was
for a court-house—for nothing else—not for a
post office, not for revenue offices, or anything
of the kind, but for a " court-house."
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. This building is to
be used for all those purposes?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The lan-
guage of the bill, Mr. Speaker, is for a " court- •
house at Des Moines," and Congress gave
§85,000 on the plea that it would save us a
great deal of "rent." That was at the last
session of the last Congress.
Now what is here presented ? At this, the
long session of the Fortieth Congress, they
comc in here and what do they ask ? Why, sir,
although they say they have $51,000 on hand,
they come in and ask us to vote them $89,000-
more. I say, sir, that it is an outrage upon
Congress, after they obtained this appropria-
tion of $85,000, upon the implied pledge at"
least that it should construct the biiilding,
when they have $51,000 on hand to ask us'
to give them $89,000 more 1
Gentlemen speak of a contract. Where is
