622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
direction which lies through the national banks
as at present constituted.
In the first place, it would be impossible for
the banks to sustain themselves under a system
ot' specie payments, with all their capital
locked up in bonds, and those bonds beyond
their reach, as the whole history of stock
banking in this country abundantly proves.
Besides, it is so directly the interest of the
banks, while they have their circulation, to
oppose any plan which would compel a re-
demption of that circulation, that it is only
reasonable to expect that their whole influence
would be exerted against it. And I feel that
I hazard nothing in saying that the Secretary
of the Treasury would find it much easier to
resume and maintain specie payments with
$700,000,000 of legal-tender notes in circula-
tion than with $400,000,000 in legal-tender
notes and $300,000,000 of national bank notes.
For, should the Secretary of the Treasury make
any effort to resume specie payments on the
legal-tender notes the national banks, in order
to provide their own specie reserve, would
simply be so many agencies to gather up the
legal-tender notes and return them to the
Treasury for redemption.
I am, therefore, of opinion that the first step
toward a safe and positive financial basis is to
decide which shall form the paper currency of
the country in the future, national bank notes
or legal-tender notes. That both can con-
tinue to be the paper money of the country,
the one redeemable in the other, and both re-
deemable in coin, I think a manifest impossi-
bility. I shall at some subsequent time un-
dertake to show that in any fair comparison
between them the legal-tender notes will best
fulfill all the requirements of a paper currency,
which, in my judgment, in order to answer
all the purposes of money, should be of equal
value in all parts of the country, a legal tender
in payment of all debts of every kind, and
redeemable in coin at the place of issue.
A uniform paper currency having been
adopted, steps should be taken to bring that
currency to the specie value just as soon as the
interests of the country and the ability of the
Treasury will permit. Nor do I think that a
further contraction of the currency will be
necessary to thatend. The legislation of Con-
gress and the general opinion of the country
indicate that $700,000,000 of paper money
will not be more than the business of the conn-
try will demand. That having been assumed
as the requisite amount, it will be better to con-
form to it in our future legislation, and not
attempt to contract or expand it until specie
payments shall have been resumed. As it is
evident that whenever the Treasury can redeem
the United States legal-tender notes those notes
can and should be taken in payment of duties
on imports, the true way to test the effect upon
the business of the country and the ability of
the Treasury would be to advance their value
by authorizing a certain proportion of these
notes, say ten or twenty per cent., to be re-
ceived in payment of duties, and this propor-
tion to be increased by ten or twenty per cent,
annually, until at tha end of five, or at most
in ten years, they would be equal to gold in the
payment of duties, and the Treasury would
virtually have resumed specie payment.
This policy once adopted, all could see the
steps by which specie payments would be
reached. The progress would be gradual, but
positive. The business of the country would
be adjusted to the new order of things. No
jar, or crash, or great decline in prices would
follow. But comparative stability, that great
want of the country, would be at once attained,
and new enterprises would be undertaken.
Credit and confidence would be restored; for
the policy of the country would be clear and
definite, and the financial future, now involved
in doubt and uncertainty, would begin to take
definite shape and character, and the most
desponding begin to realize that there is solid
ground ahead.
That the country may keep pace with these
progressive  teps of the Treasury, and other
values advanced in a like ratio, the expenses
of the Government must be reduced to the
smallest possible amount compatible with a
vigorous execution ot' the Government, and
taxation limited, until the resumption of
specie payments, to the necessary expenditures
of the Government, including the interest on
the public debt; the manufactures and pro-
ductions of the country (except luxuries) should
be exempt, as far as possible, from taxation;
so that the values produced by labor «nay, to
the greatest possible extent, remain in the
hands of the producer to give increased values
from year to year. For in this way only can
we hope to reach specie payments without a
great decline in comparative values.
To meet the just demands of the country,
that all the property of the country shall
bear a fair proportion of the burdens of Gov-
ernment, I favor the taxation of the present
bonds rather than the issue of new bonds at
the present time for that purpose. I do not
propose to tax them for State purposes, the
law having given the holders the assurance
that "they shall not be taxed by or under
State authority," but to tax them for national
purposes, to an amount equal to that borne
by other property for State purposes, and to
apply the tax thus collected to the payment
of bonds.
Nor do I conceive that such a tax, unless
extended to all other securities, would be a
palpable violation of public faith, any more
than a tax on cotton and not on wheat has
been a violation of public faith, or a tax on
tobacco and not on corn, or a tax on whisky
and not on cider. If the public interest de-
mands that a special tax should be levied on
cotton and tobacco and whisky, and not on
wheat and corn and cider, the same interest
demands that a tax should be levied on na-
tional securities for national purposes, and
not on other securities, which are already
taxed for State purposes; and the fact that
they are exempt from taxation, by or under
State authority, implies that they are subject
to taxation by national authority ; at least we
have authority for such reasoning in the re-
port heretofore referred to, which says that—
" The interest on the public debt being exempted
from the legal-tender clause implies that the prin-
cipal of the debt is not excepted."
Again, it seems to me it would be more in
accordance with straightforward dealing and
of less doubtful propriety, and, in my judg-
ment, would give more satisfaction to the bond-
holders themselves, to tax the present bonds
directly in the hands of the holders, and thus
enable them to say they are bearing their fair
proportion of the burdens of Government, than
to tax the bonds indirectly by requiring them
to be exchanged for another bond bearing a
less rate of interest under the implied penalty
of having them redeemed in "greenbacks,"
if they do not make such exchange, and still
leave the holders liable to the charge and the
prejudice thereby created, that they are holding
property which requires the protection but
shares no part of the burdens of the Govern-
ment, State or national.
That a new loan could be sold to advantage
in the present condition of the country, for the
purpose of redeeming the present bonds, I
think very problematical, to say the least; and
the promise to pay " principal and interest in
coin" would avail but little to secure confi-
dence of the capitalists of the country and the
world so long as the outcry for another deluge
of "greenbacks " finds encouragement in this
House, under the plea of "watering the cur-
rency," and astute lawyers and leading states-
men are seeking apertures in the legislation of
the country through which to admit the current.
I think it far better that no new loan should
be offered until specie payments be reached
and the assurance thus given that the principal
and interest will be paid in coin. Then such a
loan would be considered the best in the world
and our whole debt be consolidated at a rate of
interest that would be a saving of many mil-
lions on the rate that would have to be adopted
to secure that object at the present time and
under present circumstances.
I know no "new way to pay old debts."
With nations as with individuals the means to
pay debts must be acquired by saving and earn-
ing, and any effort to pay them in any other
way will result in somebody being cheated.
Congress should set the example in saving,
and no act would give more encouragement to
the people, who must do the earning, than the
voluntary reduction of the salaries of its mem-
bers to something near the amount they were
before the rebellion. The example weuld not
be lost upon the country. It would be an
assurance that Congress was in earnest in talk-
ing about retrenchment, and that we are not
disposed to "bind burdens on other men's
shoulders which we will not touch with our own
fingers." The people would hail it as the dawn
of a better day and the public burdens would
be more cheerfully borne, from the assurance
that they would not be unnecessarily increased.
The national debt is a constant reminder of
the price paid for the integrity of the country.
It was debt or disunion ; taxation or the tri-
umph of the rebellion. The debt thus assumed
will not be dishonored. The loyal people will
encourage no attempt to evade or repudiate it.
They will accept its binding obligations and
preserve the honor of the nation untarnished.
That there be no faltering in the path of
national duty and national obligation the finan-
cial course of Congress, in my judgment, is
plain. Withdraw the national bank notes and
issue United States legal-tender notes in their
stead, not so rapidly as to justify any abrupt
change in the business of the banks, but grad-
ually, that the banks may have an opportunity
to learn, each for itself, whether it would be
advisable to continue its business without the
advantages of its circulation. Limit general
taxation to the actual expenses of the Govern-
ment, including the interest on the public
debt. Tax the national debt for national pur-
poses in proportion as other property is taxed
for State purposes, and apply the tax thus col-
lected to the reduction of the debt, that the
serpent born of rebellion, and which now
threatens to destroy the honor and good name
of the Republic, may thus begin to destroy
itself. Adopt a policy by which the legal-
tender notes will be steadily increased in value
to the specie standard, a policy so definite and
positive that all can understand its bearings
and influence, and yet so gradual that the
debtor class, the great producing class of the
country, may realize that they are not to be
destroyed by the rapid decrease in values;
and the capitalist may understand that money
and bonds will not be the most profitable
things to hold, and thus be willing to engage
in new enterprises, which would give employ-
ment to labor, develop the resources, and
increase the wealth of the country.
A definite financial policy thus adopted, easily
to be comprehended and understood by all men,
would at once give a safe basis of action for
all departments of business. The clog which
now checks the wheels of commerce would be
removed. Men would buy and sell and get
gain. Labor would receive its legitimate re-
ward. Each man would bear his own share of
the public burden the more willingly, knowing
that his neighbor bore his equal share. The
national debt, which now hangs like a pall over
the industry of the country, would begin to
lighten, with glimpses of a clear sky beyond,
and the whole nation enter on a new life of
progress and prosperity, which would soon re-
pair the waste places of the war and make "the
land we love" "the joy of the whole earth."
Mr. AXTELL. Mr. Speaker, I propose to
continue the debate upon the bill introduced
by the learned and very able gentleman from
Ohio, known as a reconstruction bill. This
measure is of such vast importance and so
novel and startling in its scope and character
that I feel unwilling to remain silent during its
discussion and passage. I wish at least to enter
an appearance for my constituents and to place
upon the record their protest against the pas-
