2006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
March 19,
the contract ? What man had the right to make
a contract beyond the appropriation ? If any
contract has been made it should be held
as fraudulent and void. They had no business
to make a contract covering a larger amount
than was appropriated in the original bill. It
is amazing that gentlemen will contend that
we are bound to go on and appropriate an
indefinite sum beyond that already appropri-
ated to carry out any contract that may be made
regardless of law.
Well, sir, I now come to another fact. I ask
gentlemen's attention to it. When the De-
partment came to make up the estimates, they
made up the estimate of $25,000 for the build-
ing, and that estimate was before the Appro-
priation Committee. Having this before us,
this estimate of $25,000, and consideringthere
should be something to carry out and preserve
■ what we already had there, we proposed to give
$15,000 more, that is $100,000 which the Gov-
ernment would be compelled to pay for that
building at Des Moines.
But, sir, my friends from Iowa were not sat-
isfied with that. They go up to the Treasury
Department and get amended estimates for the
purpose of inducing the House to vote a larger
appropriation to beautify and adorn the pleas-
ant city of Dos Moines. I should like to know
what we are to be governed by ? Here is an
estimate for $25,000 and then we have another
estimate for $89,000 more. Instead of the
$85,000, as we were told, completing this
building, we are now asked to vote'$89,000
more. What reliance is to be placed upon
these estimates? Where is the pledge thatwe
should not be called upon for more ?
■ I say, Mr. Speaker, it is our duty to stop this
thing of permitting Government agents here or
elsewhere to run us into debt in this way. If
contracts have been made they are contracts
which they had no power to make, and they
cannot call upon us to enforce them.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, as I
have already stated in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, I agree with
the gentleman that the policy heretofore fol-
lowed of making contracts beyond the amount
of the appropriation was wrong. It is a prac-
tice which ought to be prohibited, and we have
passed a bill prohibiting it in the future. I
believe that bill is right. But, sir, this was
done under the old policy. The facts are as I
have already stated them. This is asked for
by the Secretary of the Treasury, and I submit
while he may think the gentleman who formerly
represented that district did wrong in pledging
it to ask no more, still the completion of this
building will inure to the advantage of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
where I take issue with my friend. I say it is
not to the advantage of the Government. I
Bay that we have no money to put up theseex-
travagant buildings. We are compelled to
borrow money at seven to ten per cent., and
we are taxing our people to the last degree.
We have taken off the tax on manufactures,
and yet we are asked still further to increase
our expenses. If it were not that we have not
the money, not enough without borrowing to
sustain the national credit, I would be glad to
gratify gentlemen. All demand of us '' econ-
omy thatwe shall keep down our appropri-
ations to a certain amount, and the Committee
on Appropriations have striven hard to do so.
Every gentleman says he is in favor of econ-
omy. Oh! yes; every man is for economy;
we must all have economy unless it touches
some pet scheme. But there is always some
pet scheme which must go in, and when all are
in your economy is extravagance, and the
money goes out of the public Treasury. It is
like the man in Maine who was in favor of the
liquor law but against its execution. We are
all for economy when it does not strike at the
pot project of each particular man.
I say, Mr. Speaker, let us stop where we
are; there is no necessity to complete these
buildings now ; waituntil we have more money
and the taxes shall be reduced.
Mr. RAUM. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Debate is closed on the
bill and amendments, the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washburne] having resumed his
S0Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire it
to be understood that I have not been speak-
ing in my hour.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's hour is
exhausted by his resuming his seat.
Mr. WASHBURNE, ot Illinois. There are
some provisions here which will require expla-
nation. I desire to make no further speech on
this particular provision.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the gentleman's hour will be extended to allow
him to explain the amendments.
Mr. LOGAN. If there is reply.
The SPEAKER. That will depend on the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is not
from any special desire on my part, but there
are some amendments on*which I have no
doubt the House will desire that I should be
heard, as, for instance, the amendment in rela-
tion to finishing the Capitol and one or two
other matters. I have some letters from the
architect on that subject. I would state to my
colleague that 1 do not propose to discuss this
custom-house matter any more, because I
think the House has settled that question in
the case at Philadelphia.
Mr. IiOSS. I move that the House adjourn.
The SPEAKE R. Before putting that motion
the Chair will state that a message lias been
received from the Senate, saying that they
further insist upon their amendments to the
invalid pension appropriation bill, and ask for
another committee of conference.
Mr. ROSS. I withdraw the motion for that
purpose.
pension appropriation bill.
Mr. BUTLER. I rise to make a privileged
report from the committee of conference on the
invalid pension appropriation bill.
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of tile two Houses on the amendments to House
bill No. 678, niakinK appropriations for the payment
of invalid and other pensions of the United States for
the year onding June 30,18G9, having met, after full
and free conference have been uniible to agree.
W. H. KELSEY,
JOHN A. NICHOLSON,
BENJAMIN F. liUTLEK,
Managers on the part of the House.
JAMES W. GRIMES,
JUSTIN S. MORRILL,
liOSCOE CONKLING.
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. I move that the House re-
ciprocate the request of the Senate and order
a new committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Speaker
appointed as conferees on the part of the House,
Messrs. Buti.eii, Lawrence of Ohio, andBoitR.
order of business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
there will be an understanding^! regard to the
appropriation bill before the House adjourns.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the gentleman from Illinois has a right to
explain the amendments, but not discuss them.
Mr. IIOSS. I believe there is no arrange-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated the ques-
tion to the House whether there should be such
an arrangement and no objection was made.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will this come up
in the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. The first business in the
morning hour will be the call of committees
for reports of a private nature, unless the House
by a majority vote shall set aside that order
of business. If not, this bill will come up im-
mediately after the morning hour.
railroad land grant in iowa.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior in answer to a resolu-
tion of the House, of the 16th instant, having
reference to a grant of land to the State of
Iowa for a railroad by act approved May 18,
1856.
On motion of Mr: ALLISON the communi-
cation was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a bill of the fol-
lowing title, when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 718) making appropria-
tions for the cousular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1809, and for other purposes.
leave of absence.
Mr. VAN TRUMP asked and obtained in-
definite leave of absence for Mr. Morgan, on
account of sickness in his family.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Wil-
son, of Pennsylvania, for one week.
Mr. ROSS. I renew the motion that the
House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of W. R.
Sutton, of Roanoke Island, South Carolina, for
payment for damages to property by United
States troops.
By Mr. BANKS: A memorial of J. P.
Battles and 50 others, cotton manufacturers,
of Lawrence, Massachusetts, representing the
suffering condition of that branch of national
industry, and praying for, first, a revision of the
revenue laws; second, a reduction of expend-
itures; third, a repeal of taxe3 on all mate-
rials and manufactures except articles of
luxury.
Also, a memorial of General Harvey Brown
and others, retired officers of the United States
Army, praying that so much of House bill _No.
839 as deprives them of their service rations
and |he percentage proposed to be allowed to
other Army officers in the said bill may be
repealed.
By Mr. COOK: The petition of citizensof
La Salle county, Illinois, asking for reduction
of the expenditures of the Government and
reduction of taxation.
By Mr. DRIGGS: The petition of C. H.
Gallup, and joint resolution of the Legislature
of Michigan, asking the Government for an ap-
propriation in money to aid in the construction
of a light house and breakwater in the harbor
of Port Austin, Huron county, Michigan.
Also, the petition of Charles Kipp and 79
others, residents of St. John's City, Michigan,
praying for a reduction of taxes and the ex-
penses of the Government.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
petitions of volunteer officers and the soldiers
and seamen in the Army and Navy from Mas-
sachusetts, protesting against the passage of
the bill in relation to bounties, introduced in
the Senate on the 30th of January last.
By Mr. KELLEY : The petition of citizens
of Philadelphia, praying for the repeal of the
additional tax of one cent per pound on roasted
coffee.
By Mr. LAFLIN: The remonstrance of
Paddock & McCutchen, ofWatertown, Jeffer-
son country, New York, against the imposition
of a stamp upon cigars.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania:
The papers in the case of the claim of ths
heirs of Philip Renault for certain lands.
By Mr. LOGAN: The petition of citizeps of
Hancock township, Hancock county, Illinois,
