4054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
territory not in any way contiguous to our own,
seeking to make the people of that territory a
part of our population and to incorporate them
into the body of our citizens. And while I
object to that on the same ground that I would
object to their introducing one of the Japanese
islands with all its people as a part of the
United States, I claim that the President has
himself gone much further astray when he
failed to wait and see whether this treaty would
have the concurrence, through the action of
every Department of the Government, of the
people of the country. And I hold that if
Andrew Johnson has done any one thing which
as much as any other would make it proper he
should be arraigned by impeachment, to be
tried at the bar of the Senate, it would be for
having dared, without awaiting for the assent
of the people of this country, by the mere
making of a treaty of this kind, altering our
people and our territory, to go on and assume
the exercise of a jurisdiction over that terri-
tory, to send his army there, to run up our
flag and take formal possession, and accept the
surrender of that territory by tke high contract-
ing power with which the treaty had been
made.
What, then, is our position? "We stand here
to cure or not by our assent this irregularity;
to accept or not the bargain which has been
made for us.
But I am frank to admit that I am willing
to accept that bargain, not because I believe
in the value of the purchase, as other gentle-
men do ; not because I believe the President
and the Senate had the power to make such a
treaty, and that treaty a conclusive one upon
all the Departments of the Government; not
because 1 believe the President did other than
very wrong in taking possession of that coun-
try, and establishing our Army and our flag
there; but because the treaty has been made
with a friendly Power, one of those that stood
by us, almost the only one that stood by us
when all the rest of the Powers of the world
§eemed to be turning away from us in our
recent troubles. We have been brought into
such complications with the Government of
llussia that it seems almost necessary to agree
with what has been done, so as to avoid a mis-
understanding with Kussia herself. It is on
account of .Russia, therefore, that I am willing
to vote for this bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Air. BANKS. I nowcall the previous ques-
tion on the bill and pending amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Air. BANKS. 1 would inquire of the Chair
how much time I have left?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has fifty
minutes remaining.
Mr. BANKS. L have agreed to yield for
ten minutes to the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Wood bridge. J
Air. W00DBR1DGE. As I will not have
the opportunity, by reason of the little time
allowed me, to present my views fully to the
House, and disagreeing with many members
of the House, both as to the law and the pub-
lic policy of this treaty, I will ask permission
to have priuted in the Globe some remarks
which 1 may hereafter prepare.
No objection was made. [See Appendix.]
Air. BANKS. In oiv yield to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Sir. Delano,] my colleague on
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, tor ten
minutes.
Air. DELANO addressed the House. [His
remarks will appear in the Appendix.]
Air. BANKS. I now yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Air. Stevexs.]
Air. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, the amendment of the gentleman
from Iowa is to my mind so objectionable that
if it be adopted I care but little whether this
bill shall pass or not. Every provision in our
Constitution is perfect in its form. Wherever
a power is granted to one of the branches of
Government no other power can encroach
upon it. iSl o w, to Congress is granted the power
of regulating commerce, yet we have had re-
peated instances of what I have always deemed
improper commercial treaties. Now, the Con-
stitution provides that the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall
make treaties. No reference is made to any
other power in our Government. When the
Senate shall have ratified it, and it is proclaimed
to the world as a treaty, it is then a perfect
instrument. Now I ask the Clerk to read the
ratification of this treaty.
The Clerk read asfollows:
Akttci.e VII.
lVhon thia convention shall have been duly ratified
by the President of the United States, by and with
the advicc and consent of the Senate, on the one
part, and on the other by liismajesty the Emperor of
all the Kussias, the ratifications shall bo exchanged
at Washington within tliree months from the date
hereof, or sooner, if possible.
In faith whereof, the respective plenipotentiaries
havo signed this convention, and thereto affixed the
seals of their arms.
Done at Washington, the 13t!i day of March, in the
year of our Lord 1S87.
[l.s.l WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
[l. s.] EDOUAltD DI3 SIOECKL.
And whereas the said treaty has been duly ratified
on both parts, and the respective ratifications of the
same were exchanged at Washington on this 29th
day of June, by William H. Seward, Secretary of
State of the United States, and tho Privy Counselor
Edouard de Stoeekl, the envoy extraordinary of his
majesty the Emperor of all the Eussias, on tho part
of their respective Governments.
Now, thercforo, bo it known that I, Andrew John-
son, President, of the United States of America, hare
causcd the said treaty to bo made public, to the end
that the same and every clause and articlo thereof
may bo observed and fullilledwith good faith by the
United States and tho citizens thoreof.
In witness whereof, I havo hereunto set my hand,
and caused tho seal of the United States to be affixed.
Done at the city of Washington, this 20th day of
June, in tho year of our Lord 18G7, and of the
[n. s.l independenccofthcUmb'dStatcsthoninety-
flrst. ANDREW JOHNSON.
By tho President:
WILLIAM II. SEWARD,
Secretary of /State.
Mr. STEVEN'S, of Pennsylvania. Now, sir,
it either was or was not a treaty. If it was a
treaty, what does it provide? It did not pro-
vide to make an appropriation of money, but
it undertook that this body should make an
appropriation of money. If this body made
that appropriation of money, then the treaty
became a valid fulfillment. The Russian Gov-
erninentdelivered npeverything shewasbound
to deliver up. She faithfully executed every part
of her stipulations. This Government agreed
that it would do acertain thing. If we do not do
it, then we annul the treaty. Do we break down
this proclamation, or does il simply stand as an
obligation of the United States unexecuted on
our part but executed on the other part? Does
it not stand as a repudiated instrument, to be
executed whenever the Government chooses
to fulfill the treaty? At what time should this
nation interfere to make that instrument valid?
If it were a valid instrument when it was pro-
claimed, where is the power to annul it with-
out the consent of both parties ? If it were not,
and there was to be a condition-precedent before
it went into operation, when was this House
to be called upon to intervene? When they
first began to negotiate ? That, never was heard
of. When the terms were offered? That never
was heard of. When the terms were agreed
upon and it went before the Senate for ratifica-
tion, was this body then to be called in to state
their objections ? Such a thing was never hoard
of. It then became a perfect obligation and we
were to do certain things, and Russia under-
took to do certain other things. She has done
them, and we have not. Shall we repudiate
our part of the obligation? That, sir, is the
whole question.
Air. BANKS. How much time have I left?
The SPEAKER. Thirty-two minutes.
Air. BANKS. I j'ield for a few moments to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. AIusgbs.]
Mr. MUNGEN. Air. Speaker, I am in favor
of the measure, if for nothing else, as a national
necessity. The Atlantic has been the scene
of maritime operations since we have any his-
torically correct account of tho same. The
right to the fisheries, from the herring fisheries
in the North sea down to the cod and mackerel
fisheries off of our coasts, has been the fruitful
theme of wars and treaties. The Protestant
nations of northern Europe have been enriched
by the product's of nort.hern iisheries sent to
the markets of the Catholic countries of ©outh-
ern Europe. The Atlantic iisheries are te a
considerable extent exhansted; not exactly
exhausted, but they do not yield nearly so
greatly as they did fifty or severity-five jeara
since. I beg to have printed in the Globe,- not
having time to have the same read to the
House, the opinions of Admiral Kiconi, who
was Governor of the .Russian possessions on
the North American continent from about 18&)
to 1840. They give many important reasons
why this Government shpuld be ^anxious to
obtain possession thereof. . The opinions wore
given by the admiral m 1841-42. long beiope
this treaty was thought of, made to a gentle-
man not then an American citizen, but a sub-
ject of Great Britain. Admiral Kicord's father
was an Englishman, and the admiral had beer*
retired from active service in the liussian navy ;
the Pacific coast from Petropaulo-vski, thea
the territorial seat of governmeul of the Uus-
sian possession, southward to Cape St. JLuciVs,
or, perhaps, to Aeapulco, was almost an un-
broken wilderness. Hut he saw the importance
of Alaska, and gave utterance to his views
thereon in a conversation with one whoy
although now an American citizen, was then
a young English gentleman of tortune travel-
ing for information and observation, and a sub-
ject of Queen Victoria, who, if 1 remember
right, ha\l then recently ascended the throne.
I ask that the letter be printed in the Globe.
Washington, My 11,1 C8,
Dear sir: About 1840-41 1 was well acquainted ia
St. Petersburg with Admiral Itieord of tne iius&iais
navy, lie bad been ior many years governor ox the
Russian possessions on the Pacific, 1 had repeated
and very interesting conversations with him on mat
subject. lie was a highly cultivated and intellectual
old gentleman, who took great pleasure in giving
information to a young man desirous ot receiving iu
This opinion in oriel'was, that tlie Asiatic c^uac
would only be valuable when settlements were macfce
much further South and occupation pusaed m mat
direction; but that the American possessions wouid
eventually prove tar the most valuable on account
of the fisheries. These whenever developed as soiuo
tuture time he said would render that territory in-
finitely more valuable than Georgia, (called the Italy
of llussia,) far more valuable than Italy itself wouid
be. He had studied and thoroughly posted himseit
on the great fisheries of the north Atlantic, btguv-
ning with tbo herring fishenes of the German oo«an,
(or North sea,) and with the cod and wuaie fisheries
ol tho American Atlantic coast and the nortneruiosfc
waters of the Atlantic.
Ho pointed out the immense source of wealth and
political importance they had been to Holland,- to
Great Britain, to France, and to the United States,
llovv the Governments ot these countries had been
lully aware of that importance—the right to fish or
to exclude others having been repeatedly a determ-
ining causc of wars and of treaties, ilow tens of
thousands of seamen had been engaged in tnat occu-
pation, France alone having at one time ten tnou-
sand lor many consecutive years. How it was a
sipgularfact that tho market artorded by ttie Roman
Catholic countries of southern and middle Jiurope
had during a long period ot years pouied millions
into the lap, and built up navies, for aerUiorn Pro-
testant States, their rivals.
But these fisheries of the Atlantic (then much
exhausted) had never, he said, began to compare
with those of tho .North Pacitie. Tiiefisheiies oi the
Russian waters he considered as iaextiaustiole—ex-
cept as regarded the whales—the least valuable part,
destined, in his opinion, everywheie, at no very
remote period,to bcuome so thinned our. by active
pursuit as to become an unimportant blanch.
To tho development of this vast souice of individ-
ual and national wealth there had been two objec-
tions:
Firstly, the Pacific coasts of the North American
continent down to the Columbia liver, down to (Japo
St. Lucas, and almost to the tiopieal region,were un-
inhabited wastes. The islands of Japan were then
so closely sealed as to be practically non-existent.
The distant islands oi Oceanica—auch as the Sand-
wich Islands—were the nearest points ior vessels to
refit up to that time. Russian possessions further
south, on the Asiatic side,might iu timeremed> tuis.
But for the second difficulty : tne inaptitude oi tho
Russians for that kind of maritime puisutt. Tuo
admiral said that the Russian,as you are aware, is a
a first-rate fisherman m IVesh water, but you cannot
make a salt-water fisherman of him. Thus, he said,
we move in a vicious circle; we cannot have vast
fisheries in the Pa ilio tor want of sailors, and not
having tho materials tor a navy these hshtiies must
remain undeveloped to Russia.
Hefeaicd that before his Government had taken or
could take stops in the light direction, and before it
had proares'sed sufucumtiy in a mautime point of
view to avail themselves of the vast advantages of
the Arnencd-Russiau -possessions as it regarded the
