5!}f>
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 5,
40tii Cong.... 2d Sess.
Laws of the United States,
Chap. XLVM.—An Act to extend the Charter
of Washington City, also to regulate the
Selection of Officers, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That au act entitled'' An
act to continue, alter, and amend the charter
of the city of Washington," approved May
seventeenth, eighteen hundred and forty-eight,
and the several amendments thereof now in
force, are hereby continued in force for the
term of one year from the date hereof, or until
Congress shall by law determine otherwise.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the mayor of the city of
Washington, District of Columbia, the board
of aldermen, and the board of common council
thereof, to assemble in joint convention at the
City Hall in said city on the first Tuesday of
July, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight., and
proceed to select by ballot all officers whose
appointments, upon the nomination of the
mayor, are now authorized by the charter, or
by any law of the United States, or act or
ordinance of said city, or which may hereafter
be authorized thereby, who shall hold their
offices respectively for one year, and until a
successor is appointed ; and on the same day
of the month in each year thereafter the joint
convention shall proceed to a new selection:
Provided, That no person shall be regarded as
incompetent to hold any of said offices, or be
disqualified therefor, who is a qualified elector
in said District.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That in
all meetings of the mayor of the city of Wash-
ington and of the boards of aldermen and com-
mon council for the purposes mentioned in the
second section of this act, the mayor or the
president of cither of said boards shall preside,
and the secretaries of said boards shall act as
tellers, and keep a record of the proceedings,
and the mayor, or any member of either of
said boards, may nominate one or more persons
for the offices required to be filled, and the
person having t,he highest number of votes shall
be publicly declared selected, and a certificate
of his election shall within five days be made
out and be signed by the presiding officer and
secretaries, and be transmitted to the person
selected, who shall within ten days thereafter
enter on the discharge of the duties of his office,
which shall be immediately vacated by any
person then holding the same.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all
questions arising in the joint convention author-
ized by this act shall be determined by a major-
ity of the votes of the members thereof present
at any of its meetings, and it shall have power
to adjourn from time to time until all the duties
imposed upon it shall be completed, and to
require of the persons selected for any office
such security as may be deemed necessary.
And in the event of any vacancy from disability,
death, or resignation, it shall be the duty of
the mayor to call a meeting of the joint con-
vention to select a successor for the unexpired
term of service.
Sec. 5. Andbeit further enacted, That when
the mayor, the board of aldermen, and the
common council shall be assembled in joint
convention, as provided for in this act, they
shall, by a majority vote, designate a bank in
which the various moneys of the city of Wash-
ington shall be deposited, and they shall make
such regulations in relation to the mode in
which such funds shall be kept and paid out as
shall be deemed advisable for the interests of
the city; and within five days after such desig-
nation a certificate of the bank selected shall
be made out and placed in the hands of the
president or cashier thereof, and thereafter it
shall not be lawful to retain or deposit the
funds of the city, or any part thereof, in any
other bank or place, unless by order of the
board.
Sec. «. And be it further enacted, That the
first section of the act entitled ''An act to reg-
ulate the elective franchise in the District of
Columbia," passed January eight, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven, be, and the same is
hereby, amended so as to require electors in
the city of Washington to reside in the ward
or election precinct in which they shall offer
to vote fifteen days prior to the day of any
election, instead of three months: Provided,
That said section shall not be construed as con-
ferring the elective franchise in said city on
non-commissioned officers, soldiers, sailors,
or marines in the regular service of the United
States, stationed or on duty in said city, except
such as may have become actual residents with
their families in said city for one year previous
to any election: Provided further, That no
person claiming to be a naturalized citizen shall
be registered as an elector, nor shall the name
of any such person be retained on the list of
voters, without the production of his natural-
ization papers or duly certified copies thereof,
or satisfactory proof of the loss of the same ;
and for the purpose of correcting said list as
regards the aforesaid classes of persons, and in
all other respects, the judges of election shall
meet in some proper place in said city between
the hours of nine o'clock a. m. and seven
o'clock p. m., on three days instead of two
days, as now required: Provided further, That
all the original lists of voters, both before and
after their correction, shall remain in the cus-
tody of the member of the board of judges first
named in their appointment by the supreme
court of the District of Columbia; and, in the
event of his removal or resignation, in the cus-
tody of his regularly-appointed successor, ex-
cept when being copied for publication and for
the use of the commissioners of elections, and
said original lists shall at all times be open for
the use and inspection of either of said judges :
Provided further, That no property qualifica-
tion shall be required for any of the officers of
said city, and that three days prior to any elec-
tion each board of commissioners of election
shall appoint two clerks to assist them in regis-
tering the names of voters in their respective
election precincts, and in making returns of
the elections, who shall be sworn before the
clerk of the supreme court of said District
truly and faithfully to perforin their duties, and
for any misconduct in office be subject to the
same penalties to which said commissioners
are now subject: And provided further, That
it shall be the duty of the judges of election to
make any regulations and give any notice which
may be proper or necessary to carry out any
of the provisions of this section.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That ail
acts and ordinances, or parts thereof, or parts
of the charter of the city of Washington incon-
sistent herewith, be, and the same are hereby,
repealed.
SCIIUYLEB, COLFAX,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
B. P. WADE,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
Indorsed by the President: "Received May
1(3, 1808."
[Note by the Department of State.—The
foregoing act having been presented to the
President of the United States for his approval,
and not having been returned by him to the
House of Congress in which it originated within
the time prescribed by the Constitution of the
United States, has become a law without his
approval.]
Chap, XLIX.—An Act making Appropriations
to supply Deficiencies in the Appropriations
for the Execution of the Reconstruction Laws
in the Third Military District for the fiscal
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-eight.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United, States of America in
Congress assemble'!, Thai tho following mm,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury, not otherwise
appropriated, for the purpose of carrying oat
the reconstruction laws in the third military
district for the fiscal year ending June-thirti-
eth, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, viz.:
to provide for the expenses of carrying into
effect the "Act to provide for the more efficient
government of the rebel States," for the third
military district, the sum of eighty-seven thou-
sand seven hundred and one dollars and fifty-
tlTTO PPJlfc
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
B. F. WADE,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
Indorsed by the President; "Received May
19, 1868."
[Note by the Department of State.—The
foregoing act having been presented to the
President of the United States for his approval,
and not having been returned by him to the
House of Congress in which it originated within
the time prescribed by the Constitution of the
United States, has become a law without his
approval. ]
Chap. L.—An Act declaring Saint George,
Boothbay, Bucksport, Vinalhaven, and
North Haven, in the State of Maine, and
San Antonio, in the State of Texas, Ports
of Delivery.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Saint George and
Boothbay, in the State of Maine, in the collec-
tion districts of Waldoboro' and Wiscassett,
respectively, and San Antonio, Texas, in the
collection district of Saluria, and Bucksport
and Vinalhaven and North Haven, in the
State of Maine, in the districts of Castine and
Belfast, respectively be, and the same are
hereby, declared ports of delivery: Provided,
That nothing in this act contained shall occa-
sion additional expense to the Government of
the United States.
Approved, June 5, 1868.
Chap. LI.—An Act to partially supply Defi-
ciencies in the Appropriations for the Ser-
vice of the fiscal year ending on the thirtieth
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the fiscal year ending on
the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight, viz. :
For compensation of the officers, clerks,
messengers, and others, receiving an annual
salary in the service of the House of Repre-
sentatives, twelve thousand nine hundred and
sixty dollars.
For folding documents, including materials,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, ten thousand dol-
lars.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation
for the expenses of collecting the revenue from
customs, for the half year ending June thirti-
eth, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, one
million eight hundred thousand dollars.
To facilitate the payment of soldiers' boun-
ties, in accordance with provisions of acts of
July twenty-eight, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, and March nineteenth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, for salaries of fifty clerks of
class one, sixty thousand dollars.
To supply a deficiency in the office of the
Paymaster General for blank books, stationer;,',
