3030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
disabilities of citizens/df the State of Arkan-
sas, to report a bi_lL(H. R. No. 1212) for the
relief of certain cjiizens of Arkansas of dis-
abilities. /
The bill was/read a first and second time,
and the quesKon was on ordering it to be
engrossed aiyB read a third time.
The bill /roposes to enaet (two thirds of
each Housre concurring therein) that the sev-
lal pers/ns named therein, citizens of Arkan-
sa^je /everaliy relieved from all disability
irnpoSW upon them or either of them by the
act passed March 2, 1867, entitled "An act to
provide for the more efficient government of
the rebel States" and the acts supplementary
thereto, and the amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States known as article four-
teen ; namely, William M. Harrison, of Drew
county, and James R. Berry, of Pulaski county.
Mr. PAINE. I will ask the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
Mr. MILLER. I should like to know who
the parties are.
Mr. PAINE. One of these gentlemen is
judge-elect of the supreme court of the State of
Arkansas, and the other is the auditor-elect of
that State. Both of them come to us with
perfectly satisfactory indorsements and rec-
ommendations, and we therefore advise that
they be relieved from disabilities, so as to aid
in setting in motion the State government of
Arkansas.
Mr. MILLER. I would ask if these men
took an active part in the rebellion?
Mr. PAINE. They were sufficiently impli-
cated in the rebellion to render it necessary
for them to be relieved by act of Congress.
Mr. MULL1NS. Were they officers in the
rebel army ?
Mr. PAINE. I believe neither of them was
an officer in the rebel army.
Mr. MCJLLINS. What positions did they
occupy ?
Mr. PAINE. Does the gentleman ask what
positions they now occupy?
Mr. MCJLLINS. No; what positions did
they occupy in the rebel cause?
Mr. PAINE. I cannot now state. Wehave
been informed, but the information was laid
before us some time ago, and I forget the pre-
cise offices they held. I believe they held civil
offices during the rebellion. It is certainly
necessary that they should be relieved in order
that they may hold the offices to which they
have recently been elected.
Mr. MULLTNS. I would ask if they held
any offices which required them to take an oath
to support the Government of the United
States and afterward went voluntarily into the
rebellion?
Mr. PAINE. I cannot now answer with
certainty. But if they did, then this is pre-
cisely the case designed to be provided for by
a bill of this kind requiring the consent of two
thirds of both Houses of Congress.
Mr. MULLINS. What I desire is that the
House shall know the facts as to their com-
plicity in the rebellion, and as to their subse-
quent repentance of their fault.
Mr. PAINE. I have no doubt, from the
information I have received, that they were
implicated in the rebellion far enough to ren-
der it necessary that they should be pardoned
through this bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to know if it is the wish of the loyal men of
Arkansas that this bill shall pass?
Mr. PAINE. It is the earnest wish of the
representatives of that State now in Washing-
ton. They have been constantly importuning
the committee to press this bill to a vote.
Mr. GARFIELD. Do gentlemen expect
that we will ever be called upon to pass any
bill of this character, on such conditions as
make it absolutely unnecessary to pass it?
From the questions put to my friend from Wis-
consin, I should suppose that gentlemen wanted
him to show that these men were entirely
innocent of anything that would render neces-
sary the passage of a bill for their relief. It
strikes me that the very fact that they were
not without offense in the past makes this bill
necessary. I am sure that those who desire
to restore the rebel States safely, and as
speedily as possible, will, whenever the com-
mittee have fully examined a case and reported
a bill like this, be willing to sustain the com-
mittee. I wish to say, moreover, that, so far
as I know, the men who fought against the
rebellion in the field are among those who are
most willing to bring back into the privileges
of citizenship all who are sincerely desirous
of aiding to build up what they once attempted
to destroy. General Scott made an observa-
tion in 1861 or 1862 which, I think, is worthy to
be remembered. I do not repeat it with refer-
ence to any persons here, but as a sentiment
applicable to the tendency we observe in some
quarters to nurse our vengeance against all who
went into the rebellion. General Scott said,
that "when this war should beetided, it vvoulu
require all the force of the nation to restrain
the fury of the non-combatants." I think that
we ought, without any unnecessary delay, to
let all these people in who give sufficient evi-
dence of a genuine purpose to stand by the
Union, and I am sure that those who have
been in the Army will be the first to assent to
this policy.
Mr. PAINE. I will make one single state-
ment, and I lien I will ask for the previous
question. My statement is this : we have been
fully informed as to the positions held by these
gentlemen ; but the facts were stated to us so
long ago, and so many other men have been
brought before the committee, that I forget the
precise positions held by these gentlemen.
But the evidence before the committee that
these men are entitled to relief is entirely satis-
factory to the committee. And I believe there
is no objection on the part of any gentleman
of the committee to this particular bill. I
think I am not mistaken on this point.
Mr. MAYNAIID. I desire to say a word
or two before the previous question is called.
Mr. PAINE. Very well.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman says that
in the opinion of the committee these men
ought to be relieved. That is not giving us
any information. The fact that the commit-
tee report the bill and recommend its passage
declares all that.
Now, what I desire, and I suppose that is
what the House desires, is to know upon what
principle the committee have acted, to know
what is their reason for thinking that these men
ought to be relieved. I do not say I am not
in favor of the bill, or that I will not vote in
favor of it when 1 understand it. But I do
think that in legislation as important as this,
the principle of which is to run through an
immense number of individual cases, we ought
to establish some general principle of action,
and not to act on mere caprice, not to let
kissing go by favor, or the want of it by dis-
favor. i have no doubt the gentleman thought
and the committee thought these men ought
to be relieved, or they would not have reported
the bill. But I submit that they ought to tell
the House the grounds of their action.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Will the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Mayxard] indicate to the
House some principle upon which the com-
mittee ought to act?
Mr. MAYNARD. No, sir; I will do no
such thing. I am not called upon to do any
such thing. If I was on a committee which
was charged with that responsibility I would
do it, and do it most cheerfully ; and I should
think I was very short of my duty if I failed
to do so.
Mr. PAINE. I must resume the floor.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. WiUmy
colleague on the committee [Mr. Paine] yield
to me for a few moments ?
Mr. PAINE. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I would
say to the gentleman from Tennessee. [Mr.
Maynard,] and to the House, that the general
rule we have adopted in thesefcases is to take
the recommendation of the convention that
framed the constitution with which the State
comes here. In this case we have, beside the.
recommendation of the convention, the recom-
mendation of the Republican committee of
that State, upon which we place great reliance.
As a general rule we act upon the recommend-
ation of the convention forming the State con-
stitution.
Mr. PAINE. I will now answer the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Mayxard,] and
I will be obliged to any gentleman in this House
who takes an interest in this bill if he will
listen to what I say. In the first plaeo we
had the recommendation of the constitutional
convention of Arkansas, which came to us
in a documentary form. Now, although that
is a strong recommendation, and ought to be
regarded by this House if it stood alone, we
had in addition the knowledge of the fact that
these men had been elected by the people of
Arkansas to hold the office, one that of State
auditor, and the other that of judge of the
supreme court of that State. In addition to
that evidence we had the verbal assurance of
the entire Arkansas delegation at this Capitol,
who, in repeated personal interviews with the
committee, assured us that although these men
had been implicated in the rebellion they were
now entirely loyal in their sentiments, were
devoted to the Union, and if relieved fiom their
disabilities would, as they were perfectly com-
petent, prove to be loj'al and valuable citizens
of the United States.
Now, it seems to me that it would be impos-
sible for the Committee on Reconstruction ever
to have an accumulation of evidence stronger
than they have in this case; and if my friend
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] shall ever
require anything more from the Committee on
Reconstruction or from this House than a
recommendation of the constitutional conven-
tion of the State, backed up by the votes of the
people of the State, and also by the personal
assurances of the entire congressional delega-
tion—representative and senatorial—of that
State, then I do not see how he can obtain it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I want to say to the gen-
tleman that his statement is satisfactory. I
can take his speech now, and go before the
country and sustain my vote for this bill.
Mr. PAINE. I am glad the gentleman
from Tennessee is satisfied.
Mr. MILLER. I am told that one of these
men was appointed by Mr. Lincoln in charge
of the land office in that State, and afterward
handed it over to the rebels.
Mr. PAINE. I have never heard of any
such thing. But if it was so, this is precisely
the bill they need.
Mr. MILLER. I hope the gentleman will
tell us what positions they did hold.
Mr. PAINE. I did know, but it was so
long ago that I have now forgotten it. I call
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
passage of the bill, which by its terms requires
a two-thirds vote.
Mr. BROOKS. Is not this vote to be taken
by a division?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] ask for a division?
Mr. BROOKS. No, sir; I do not.
Mr. COBURN. I call for a division.
On the passage of the bill there were—ayes
84, noes 22.
The SPEAKER. Two thirds having voted
in the affirmative, the bill has passed.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DIVISION OP Tni3 STATE OF TEXAS.
Mr. STOKES. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a joint resolution for reference to the
Committee on Reconstruction. It is entitled
" A joint resolution for the admission into the
Union of three more States formed out of the
territory of Texas in addition to said State of
