1808.
TfTE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4055
fisheries alone, wars might ensue in which some
maritime Power of greater strength in those waters
•would appropriate these possessions, which assuredly
they would never relinquish, because Ihey would
soon iind them self-paying to hold; besides being
susceptible of immense development, notwithstand-
ing their extreme remoteness from, civilized set-
tlement. So remote weie they fiom the seat of
Government that when bo was Governor at Petro-
pduiovriki he only received bis mails and dispatches
overland once every six montlis, and he was only
regularly visited every second year by two Russian
vesbois which brought butstores, &c.,from the Baltic.
The climate of the sea-board of theue possessions
was, he said, for the most part milder thau that of
St. Petersburg—the islands much milder. In the
vicinity of Sc. Petersburg ali the smalL grains are
cultivated, and many fruits come to high perfection.
This, my dear general, is the substance of what I
gathered many years ago from my conversation with
the ex-Governor, on a subject which for me had only
the interest of relerring to a comparatively terra
incognita, what was then considered as the most deso-
late and inhospitable region on earth.
Very truly, yours, 0. F. HENNINGSEJf.
Hon. W. Mukgjen, Rouse of Representatives.
Mr. BANKS addressed the House. [His
remarks will be published in the Appendix.]
Ihe SPEAKER. Debate has closed, and
the first question is on the following amend-
ment of the Committee of the Whole.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Whereasthe President of theTJnited States, on the
30th of March, 1867, entered into a treaty with the
emperor of Ku&sui, by the terms of which it was
stipulated that in-consideration of the cession by the
emperor of Bassia to the United States of certain
territory therein described, the United States should
pa-y to the emperor of Russia the sum ot $7,200,000
iu coin: aud whereas it was further stipulated msaid
treaty that the United States shall accept ot such
cession, and that certain inhabitauts of said terri-
tory shall be admitted to the enjoyment of all the
rights and immunities of citizens of the United
States; and whereas the subjects thus embraced in
the stipulations ot said treaty are among thesubjects
which by ttie Constitution or the United States are
submitted to itie power of Congress, and over which
Congress has jurisdiction ; and it being for such rea-
son necessary that tiie consent of Congress sliouldbe
given to said stipulation betoie the same can have
full iorce and effect; having taken into considera-
tion tiie said treaty, and approving ot the stipula-
tions therein, to the end that thesamemay be carried
into effect: Therefore,
Section 1. Be it cuacted, That the assent of Con-
gress is hereby given to the stipulations of said
treaty.
JUr. MAYNARD demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 98, nays 49, not voting
; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison. Ames, Anderson,
Archer, JDoios li. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey,
iJaidwin, JJanks, .Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Bout-
wehi Biomvvell, 33rooina.il, Buckland, Benjamin P.
Bulier, RoderickR. Butler, Cary, Chanler, Ciiurchill,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cullom, Dawes,
Delano, JDockery, Donnelly, ifickiey.Ela, Eliot, Farns-
worth, PerrifcS, Pi elds, Garfield, Gravely, Gnswold,
Hamilton, Hill, Hinds, Hopkins, Richard IX Hub-
bard, iiulburd, Hunter, Judd, Julian, Ketcham,
Kitchen, Koontz, Lattiii, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Mallory,
McCarthy, McClurg, McKee, Miller, Moore, Moor-
head, Morrissey, Mullins, Myers, Nunn, Peters,
Plants, Poland, Pomcroy, Roots, Ross, Sawyer,
Schenck. Scolieid, Selye, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Taffe,
Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge, Twichcll, Upson, Van
Aernam.Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck, Elihu B. Wash-
burn©, Henry D. Washburn, Wilham B. Washburn,
Welker, Tlionms Williams, William Williams, John
T. Wilson, and Windom—$8.
jNA ir8—Messrs. Am ell, Axtell, Barnes, Blair, Boy-
den, Brooks, Cuke, Dixon, Driggs. Eldridge, Getz,
Glossbrenner, Golladay, Grover, Haight, Hawkins,
Higby, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard,
Jenckcs, Johnson, Kelsey, Marshall, Marvin, May-
nard, Mercur, Moncll, Mungen, JSTicholson, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Phelps, Piko, Randall, #aum, Robert-
son, Shanks, Smith, Starkweather, Thaddeus Ste-
vens, Stewart, Stokes, Stone, Xaber, Lawrence S.
Trimble, Van Auken, and Woodbridge—49.
NUT VOTING—Messrs. Baker, Barnum, Beaman,
Beck, Bingham, Blaine, Boies, Boycr, Burr, Header
W.Oiaike, Cornell, Covode. Deweese, Dodge, Eggle-
Knott, Lincoln, Lynch, McCormick. McCuliougn,
Kcyvcomb, ^iblack, Pcrham, Pile, Polsley, Price,
Pruyn, Robinson, fthellabarger, Aaion k. Stevens,
John Trimble, Robert X. Van Horn, Van lrump,
Ward  Caslwalader C. Washburn, James 1<. Wilson,
Stephen P. Wilson, Wood, and Woodward—53.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next question was on the amendment
of Mr. Eliot, reported from the Committee of
the Whole, as follows:
Provided, That no purchase in bohalf of the United
States of any foreign territory shall be hereafter
made undl after provision by law for its payment;
and it is hereby declared that the powers vested by
the Constitution in the President and Senate to enter
into treaties with foreign Governments do not inelude
the power to complete the purchase of foreign terri-
tory before the necessary appropriation shall oe made
therefor by act of Congress.
Mr. ELIOT. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative'—yeas 78, nays 80, not voting
42; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker. Beatty, Beek, Ben-
ton, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall,Buckland, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Cake, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Co-
burn, Cook, Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Delano, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Perriss, Garfield, Gravely, Hamilton,
Hill, Hinds, Hopkins, Richard D. Hubbard, Hul-
burd, Hunter, Jenckes, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Ju-
lian,Kelsey, Ketcham, Laflin, George V. Lawrence,
"William Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Lynch, McCarthy,
McClurg, McKee, Miller, Moore, Mullins, Paine, Per-
ham, Peters, Pike, Plants, Sawyer. Schenck, Scofield,
Selye, Sitgreaves, Taylor, Xhomas, Van Aernara,
Van Wyck, Elihu B. Washburne. Henry D. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Wil-
liams, William Williams, James F. Wilson, John X.
Wilson, Stephen P. Wilson, and Windom—78,
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Arnell, Delos R. Ashley,
Axtell, Banks, Barnes, Benjamin, Blair, Boyden,
Brooks, Roderick R. Butler, Cary, Ohqrcnill, Cobb,
Dixon, Dockery, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eldridge,
Fields, Getz, Glossbrenner, Goiladay, Gnswold,
Grover, Haight, Hawkins, Higby, Hooper, Hotch-
kiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Johnson, Alexander H.
Jones, Kitchen, Knott, Koontz, Loughridge, Mal-
lory, Marshall, Marvin, Maynard, Mercur, Moor-
head, Morreli, Morrissey, Mungen, Myers, Niblack,
Nicholson, Nunn, O'JNeiil, Orth, Phelps, Pile, Po-
land, Pomeroy, Randall, Raum, Robertson, Roots,
Ross, Shanks, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Thad-
deus Stevens, Stewait, Stokes, Stone, Xaber, Taffe,
Lawrence S. Trimble. Trowbridge. Twichell, Upson.
Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Van Trump, and
Woodbridge—80. _
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Baldwin, Barnum, Bea-
man, Bingham. Blaine, Boles, Boy er, Burr, Reader W.
Clarke, Cornell, Deweese, Dodge, Eggleston, Kla,
Ferry, Finney, Fox. French, Halsey, Harding, IIol-
man, Asahel W. Hubbard, Humphrey. Ingersoll,
Kelley, Kerr, Lincoln, McCormick. McCullough,
Newcomb, Polsley, Price, Pruyn, Robinson, Sbella-
bargcr, Aaron F. Stevens, John Trimble, Robert X.
Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wood,
and Woodward—42.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. PAINE said. My colleague, Mr. "Wash-
burn, is paired with Mr. Van HoRJi" of Mis-
souri. On this question my colleague would
vote ay. I do not know how he would have
voted on the question already taken.
The result having been announced as above,
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amend ment was disagreed to; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. On that I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. BANKS. I withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. The question is on order-
ing the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time. If a separate vote is desired on the pre-
amble it will be reserved until the vote is taken
on the engrossment of the bill.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. BANKS. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage.
Mr. MAYNARD. "Will it be in order to
ask for a separate vote on the preamble?
The SPEAKER. It. would have been in
order when the Chair stated that the preamble
would be reserved if any gentleman desire p
it. It is not in order now.
Mr. MAYNARD. I then ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to allow me to make
a motion to reconsider the vote by which the
bill was ordered to be engrossed and read the
third time.
Mr. BANKS. I have no objection if it be
by general consent.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. MAYNARD. I make the motion to
reconsider in order that we may have a sepa-
rate vote on the preamble.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, I move to lay that
motion on the table.
'/ The motion was accordingly laid on the
table.
The previous question was then seconded
and the main question ordered on the p&ssage
of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were orderecL
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 118, nays 43, not vot-
ing 44 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson, Archer,
Arnell, Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Axtell,
Bailey, Baldwin, Banks, Barnes, Beck, Benjamin,
Blair, Boutwell, Boyden, Brooks, Buckland, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Cary, Chanler, Churchill, Sidney
Clarke, Dawes, Dixon, Dockery, Donnelly, Driggs,
Eckley, Eldridge, Eliot, Fields, French, Garfield,
Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladav, Griswold, Grover,
Haight, Hamilton, Hawkins, Higby, Hinds, Hooper,
Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Richard
D.Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Jonckes, Johnson,
Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Ketcham,
Kitchen, Koontz, iafiin, William Lawrence, Lough-
ridge, Mallory, Marshall, Marvin, Maynard, McKee,
Mercur, Moorhead, Morrissey, Mullins. Mungen,
Myers, Niblack, Nicholson, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth,
Phelps, Plants, Poland, Pomeroy, Randall, Raum,
Robertson, Roots, Ross, Sawyer, Schenck, Selye,
Shanks, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather.
Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Stone, Taber,
Taffe, Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson,
Van Auken. BurtVanllorn, William B. Washburn,
William Williams, Stephen F.Wilson,Windom, and
Woodbridge—113.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Baker, Beatty, Benton,
Bromwell, Broomall, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake. Cobb,
Cook, Coburn, Covode, Cullom, Delano, Ela, Farns-
worth, Ferriss, Gravely, J udd, J ulian, Kelsey, George
V. Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Lynch, Miller, Moore,
Morreli, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pike, Scofield, Law-
rence S. Trimble, Van Aernam, Van Trump, Van
Wyck, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D.Washburn,
Welker, Thomas Williams, James F. Wilson, and
John X. Wilson—43.
NUT VOTING—Messrs. Barnum, Beaman, Bing-
ham, Blaine, Boles, Boycr, Burr, Reader W. Clarke,
Cornell, Deweese, Dodge, Egglcston, Ferry, Finney,
Fox, Halsey, Harding, Hill, Holman, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Humphrey,Ingersoll, Kelley, Kerr,Knott,
Lincoln, McCarthy, McClurg McCormick, McCul-
lough, Newcomb, Pile, Polsley, Price, Pruyn, Rob-
inson, Sheliab.irger, Aaron F. Stevens, John Trim-
ble, Robert X. Van Horn, Ward, Cadw^iador C.Wash-
burn, Wood, and Woodward—44
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. PAINE said: My colleaguo, Mr. 'Wash-
burn, is paired with Mr. Van* Hqrx, of Mis-
souri. If present he would have voted no.
Mr. McCARTHY said: My colleague, Mr.
Proyn, is absent, and I am paired with him.
If he was here he would vote ay, aud I should
vote no.
Mr. BOYERsaid: Upon this question my
colleague, Judge Woodward, and myself are
paired. He would have voted ay and I would
have voted no.
The result of the vote having been an-
nounced as above recorded,
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid oa the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OBSTRUCTIONS IN NEW YORK HARBOR.
Mr. CHANLER, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and hereby is, directed to inform this House of all
facts which have come to his knowledge relating to
the obstruction to tree and safe navigation of the
main or ship channel off Sandy Hook, known as the
wreck of the ship Scotland, and what means in his
judgmant can best be used to protect the commereo
of the United States from the annoyance and danger
to which it is now exposed from the said wreck.
Mr. CHANLER obtained unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the Globe some papers
in relation to the resolution. [See xVppendix.j
COLUMBIA DEAF AND DUMB INSTITUTE.
The SPEAKER. The next business is the
consideration of the bill (H. R. IN o. 541) mak-
ing appropriations for the service ot the Co-
lumbia Institution for the Instruction of the
Deaf and Dumb, and establishing additional
regulations for the government of the institu-
tion. This bill was reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and was postponed until after th,e cousidera.
tiou of the Alaska bill with the understand-
