1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
507
Laws of the United States.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
binding, and other contingent expenses, five
thousand dollars.
For deficiency in the appropriation for de-
fraying the expense of hydration of the Senate
Chamber, three thousand dollars.
For deficiency in the appropriation for
stationery, ten thousand dollars.
For deficiency in the appropriation for fur-
niture and repairs, five thousand dollars.
For deficiency in the appropriation for clerks
lo committees, pages, horses and carryalls,
fifteen thousand dollars.
To supply a deficiency in the contingent fund
of the Pension Office, ten thousand dollars.
Approved, June 8, 1808.
Chap. L1I.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Support of the Army for the year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-nine, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the support of the Army for
the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and sixty-nine:
For expenses of recruiting and transporta-
tion of recruits, one hundred thousand dollars.
For pay of the Army, fifteen million dollars.
For commutation of officers' subsistence,
two million one hundred and thirty-three thou-
sand four hundred and thirteen dollars.
For commutation of forage for officers'
horses, twenty thousand dollars.
For payments in lieu of clothing for officers'
servants, two hundred aad fifty thousand
dollars.
For payments to discharged soldiers for cloth-
ing not drawn, two hundred thousand dollars.
For contingencies of the Army, sixty thou-
sand dollars.
For medical and hospital department, two
hundred thousand dollars: Provided, That all
sums that have accrued to the credit of the
medical and hospital department from the sale
of medical and hospital stores, or from any
other source, except appropriations made by
act of March second, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, are hereby directed to be covered
into the Treasury at the close of the current
fiscal year.
For"Army Medical Museum, five thousand
dollars.
For medical and other necessary works for
the library of Surgeon General's office, two
thousand dollars.
For expenses of Commanding General's
office, five thousand dollars.
For regular supplies of the quartermasters'
department, to wit:
For the regular supplies of the quartermas-
ters' department, consisting of fuel for officers,
enlisted men, guards, hospitals, storehouses,
and offices ; of forage in kind for the horses,
mules, and oxen of the quartermasters' de-
partment at the several posts and stations, and
with the armies in the field; for the horses of
the several regiments of cavalry, the batteries
of artillery, and such companies of infantry as
may be mounted, and for the authorized num-
ber of officers' horses when serving in the field
and at the outposts, including bedding for the
animals; of straw for soldiers' bedding; and
of stationery, including blank books for the
quartermasters' department, certificates for
discharged soldiers, blank forms for the pay
and quartermasters' departments, and for
printing of division and department orders
and reports, five million dollars.
For the general and incidental expenses of
the quartermasters' department, consisting of
postage on letters and packets received and
sent by officers of the Army on public service ;
expenses of courts-martial, military commis-
sions. and courts of inquiry; including the
additional compensation of judge advocates,
recorders, members, and witnesses while on that
service, under the act of March sixteen, eight-
een hundred and two; extra pay to soldiers em-
ployed under the direction of the quartermas-
ters' department in the erection of barracks,
quarters, storehouses, and hospitals, in the
construction of roads, and other constant labor
for periods of not less than ten days, under
the acts of March two, eighteen hundred and
nineteen, and August four, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, including those employed as
elerks at division and department headquar-
ters ; expenses of expresses to and from the
frontier posts and armies in the field ; of es-
corts to paymasters and other disbursing offi-
cers, and to trains where military escorts can-
not be furnished; expenses of the interment
of officers killed in action, or who die when
on duty in the field, or at posts on the fron-
tiers, or at posts and other places, when ordered
by the Secretary of War, and of non-commis-
sioned officers and soldiers; authorized office
furniture; hire of laborers in the quarter-
masters' department, including the hire of
interpreters, spies, and guides for the Army;
compensation of clerks to officers of the quarter-
masters' department; compensation of forage
and wagon-masters authorized by the act of
July fifth, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight;
for the apprehension of deserters and the ex-
penses incident to their pursuit; and for the
following expenditures required for the several
regiments of cavalry, the batteries of light
artillery, and such companies of infantry as
may be mounted, viz.: the purchase of travel-
ing forges, blacksmiths' and shoeing tools,
horse and mule shoes and nails, iron and steel
for shoeing, hire of veterinary surgeons, medi-
cines for horses and mules, picket ropes, and
for shoeing the horses of the corps named;
also, generally, the proper and authorized
expenses for the movement and operations of
an army, not expressly assigned to any other
department,, two million dollars.
For mileage, or the allowance made to offi-
cers of the Army, for the transportation _ of
themselves and their baggage when traveling
on duty without troops, escort, or supplies,
two hundred thousand dollars.
For transportation of the Army, including
baggage of the troops when moving either by
land or water, of clothing, camp and garrison
equipage, from the depots of Philadelphia,
Cincinnati, and New York to the several posts
and Army depots, and from those depots to
the troops in the field, and of subsistence
stores from the places of purchase, and from
the places of delivery under contract, to such
places as the circumstances of the service may
require them to be sent; of ordnance, ord-
nance stores, and small-arms from the found-
eries and armories to the arsenals, fortifica-
tions, frontier posts, and Army depots; freights,
wharfage, tolls, and ferriages; the purchase
and hire of horses, mules, oxen, and harness,
and the purchase and repair of wagons, carts,
and drays, and of ships and other sea-going
vessels and boats required for the transporta-
tion of supplies, and for garrison purposes;
for drayage and cartage at the several posts;
hire of teamsters ; transportation of funds for
the pay and other disbursing departments;
the expense of sailing public transports on the
various rivers, the Gulf of Mexico, and the
Atlantic and Pacific; for procuring water at
such posts as from their situation require it to
' be brought from a distance; _ and for clearing
roads and removing obstructions from roads,
harbors, and rivers to the extent which may
be required for the actual operations of the
troops in the field, five million dollars.
For hire or commutation of quarters for offi-
cers on military duty; hire of quarters for
troops, of storehouses for the safe-keeping of
military stores, and of grounds for summer
cantonments; for the construction of tempo-
rary huts, hospitals, and stables, and fur re-
pairing public buildings at established posts,
two million dollars.
For heating and cooking stoves, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
For the ordnance service, required to defray
the current expenses at the arsenals of receiv-
ing stores and issuing arms and other ordnance
supplies; of police and office duties ; of rents,
tolls, fuel, and lights; of stationery and office
furniture; of tools and instruments for use;
of public animals, forage, and vehicles; inci-
dental expenses of the ordnance service, in-
cluding those attending practical trials and
tests of ordnance, small-arms, and other ord-
nance supplies, two hundred thousand dollars:
Prodded, That no money appropriated by this
act shall be used to pay for any new cannon
or small-arms.
For purchasing three acres of land adjoining
Federal square at Springfield armory, three
thousand dollars.
fob repairs and improvements of akmories
ak1) arsenals,
For arsenal and armory at Roek Island,
Illinois, three hundred and eighty thousand
dollars: Provided, That eighty thousand dol-
lars of said sum shall be devoted to the devel-
opment of the water-power to carry out exist-
ing contracts.
For Watervliet arsenal, West Troy, New
York, twenty thousand dollars.
For arsenal at St. Louis, Missouri, five thou-
sand dollars.
For Augusta arsenal, Augusta, Georgia, ten
thousand dollars.
For Baton Rouge arsenal, Baton Rouge,
Louisiana, seven thousand five hundred dollars.
For Benecia arsenal, Benecia, California,
ten thousand dollars.
For Vancouver arsenal, Vancouver, Wash-
ington Territory, five thousand dollars.
For Mount Vernon arsenal, Mount Vernon,
Alabama, five thousand dollars.
For Watertown arsenal, Watertown, Massa-
chusetts, fifteen thousand dollars.
For Allegheny arsenal, Pittsburgh, Pennsyl-
vania, five thousand dollars.
For Fort Monroe arsenal, Old Point Comfort,
Virginia, four thousand five hundred dollars.
For Fratikford arsenal, Bridesburg, Pennsyl-
vania, eight hundred and eighty dollars.
For Kennebec arsenal, Augusta, Maine, two
thousand dollars.
For Leavenworth arsenal, Leavenworth,
Kansas, five thousand dollars.
For New York arsenal, Governor's Island,
New York, three thousand dollars.
For Pikesville arsenal, Pikesville, Maryland,
eight hundred dollars.
For the preservation and necessary repairs
of the fortifications and the works of defense,
two hundred thousand dollars.
Sec. 2, And be it further enacted, That
of the appropriation of sixty thousand dollars
for publishing the medical and surgical history
of the rebellion and the medical statistics of"
the Provost Marshal General's office, made in
an act approved July twenty-eighth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, thirty thousand dollars
shall be devoted to the preparation and public-
ation of five thousand copies of the medical
statistics of the Provost Marshal General's Bu-
reau, and that the work shall be compiled and
completed by Assistant Medical Purveyor J.
H. Baxter, under the immediate direction of
the Secretary of War, and without the inter-
ference of any other officer.
Approved, June 8, 1868.
Chap. LIII.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
"An Act for the Belief of the Inhabitants
of Cities and Towns upon the Public Lands,'
approved March two, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Hep-
resentatives of the United States of Aiueriea in
Congress assembled, That the inhabitants of
