1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I call for the previous ques-
Texas, for the recession to the United States
of certain outlying territory belonging to said
State, and for other purposes."
Mr. BROOKS. I object.
POTOMAC NAVIGATION COMPANY.
Mr. WELKER, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1218) to incor-
porate the Potomac Navigation €onpany;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred^ to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
JOIIN M. PALMER.
Mr. COBB submitted the following report:
The oommittco of conference oil the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment to the
bill (II. R. No, 218) for the relief of John M. Palmer,
having met, after full and free conference, have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend to their
respective Houses, as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate, and agree to the
same. A MASA COBB,
W. S. HOLMAN.
Managers on the part of the Bouse.
W. T. WJLLEY,
JOHN SHERMAN,
JUSTIN S. MORRILL.
Managers on the part of the Senate.
m Mr. COBB.
tlon.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report was agreed to.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMERICAN LINE OF OCEAN STEAMERS.
Mr. ALLISON. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The first business in
order during the morning hour is the bill
(Ii. ft. No. 939) to provide for an American
line of mail and emigrant passenger steamships
between New York and one or more European
ports. This bill was reported yesterday from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and was pending at the expiration of
the morning hour. The amendments reported
by the committee will be read.
The amendments were read as follows:
First amendment:
In section one, line fourteen, strike out "twelve"
and insert" twenty."
Second amendment:
Strike out section four, and insert in lieu thereof
the following:
That to insure the construction of the above-
mentioned vessels wirhin the time and in the man-
ner hereinbefore provided, and the maintenance of
the said line, the said Commercial Navigation Com-
pany may issue bonds to such an amount that the
entire annual interest thereon shall not exceed the
sum of $ioO.UCO, such bonds to be made payable at
the expiration of the beiorc-naraed twenty years,
and the interest thereof to be made payable semi-
annually, the principal and interest of such bonds
to be made payable in coin of the United Slates.
That for the protection of the holders of such bonds
they shall be severally registered at the Post Office
Department and certified by the chief clerk ol the
Depai tuieut without liability for the payment of the
interest or principal of said bonds upon tiie part of
the Post Office Department only in manner as here-
inafter provided. And the Postmaster General shall
receive all moneys lor postage earned by the steam-
ships of said company, and shall .apply the same as
far as needed to the payment of tho semi-annual in-
terest upon the bctore-mentioned bonds, and shall
return the surplus alter paying such interest andshaU
invest the same quarterly in the securities of the Uni-
ted States to torm a sinking fund, to bo held solely
for the benefit ot the bondholders, and to bo applied
to the payment of the principal of such bonds. A.nd
whenever, and as soon as, such sinking fund shall
equal in amount the entire principal ot said bonds,
then from that time forward the interest ot said
bonds shall be paid out of the income of such sink-
ing fund, and the principal thereof out of the same
iund at their maturity. And all postage earned
alter the time when said sinking fund shall be made
up to the amount aforesaid shall belong to and be
paid quarterly to the said company by the Postmaster
General ol the United States.
Third amendment:
In section five, lines eighteen and nineteen, strike
out (he words, "guaranteed bonds, including both
principal and interest." and insert the following;
The before-named registered bonds, the amount
of which m this event shall be paid to the holders
thereof at maturity of the same.
laid 0f the bill.
>f he SPEi
the amen
^ ini r
Fourth amendment:
In section seven, Hno three, strike out " twelve."
and insert twenty."
Fifth amendment:
^ In same section, strike out all after the word,
steamships," to the end of the section, as follows:
And as a further additional security for the guar-
antying of the payment of said bonds in the event
of loss of any ot the aforesaid steamships, the said
navigation company shall, during the continuance
of said bonds, or any portion of the same, or any
amount that may be due, toward the payment of
said bonds, cause to be issued trom time to time,
policies of insurance against the dangers and perils
ot the sea, on each of the aforesaid seven steamers,
by marine insurance companies of good standing,
and made payable to the Postmaster General. The
total olsuch policies shall be equal to the amount of
bonds guaranteed and outstanding as aforesaid, and
shall be to cover against loss ot any and each of said
steamships; and in case of loss,such amounts as may
be received on said policies shall be held by the
Postmaster General to the credit of said Navigation
Company, but shall be payable to said company
only whenever they may complete the said number
of seven steamships, and have and keep them insured
for the benefit of the United States as aforesaid; and
in default of such insurance by said company, the
Postmaster General shall have the right, and it shall
be his duty, to insure the same at the expense of
said company, and for the benefit of the United
States.
Sixth amendment:
In section eight, line eleven, strike out " twelve"
and insert "twenty."
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the gentleman from
New Jersey to yield to me to move an amend-
ment in the nature of an additional section.
Mr. HILL. 1 cannot yield now, as I desire
first to make an explanation of the provisions
" bill.
SPEAKER. The pending question is
amendments which have just been read.
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, this bill contem-
plates the establishing of an American line of
mail and emigrant passenger steamships be-
tween New York and one or more European
ports." The Commercial Navigation Company
of the State of New York propose to build at
least seven first-class steamships, and when
constructed shall be organized into and com-
pose the United States mail steamship line, for
proper conveyance of mails and passengers.
The bill also provides that in order that this
line may be placed on a good basis, succeed,
and obtain a nationality, the Postmaster Gen-
eral is empowered and authorized to contract
with the " Commercial Navigation Company"
for the weekly or semi-weekly conveyance of
all European and foreign mails of the United
States between New York and Bremen, touch-
ing at Southampton, England, or Liverpool,
touching at Queenstown, for a term not exceed-
ing twenty years.
That to insure the construction of the above-
mentioned vessels within the time and in the man-
ner heieinbefore provided, and the maintenance of
the said line, the said Commercial Navigation Com-
pany may issue bonds to such an amount that the
entire annual interest thereon shall not exceed the
sum of $250,000, such bonds to he made payable at
the expiration of the beiore-named twenty years,
and the interest thereof to be made pay able semi-an-
nually,the principal and interest of such bonds to be
made payable in coinol iheUmtedStates. Thatior
tue protection of tbeholdersof such bonds they shall
be severa.iy registered at the Post OlBce Department
and certified by the chief clerk of the Department.
And the Postmaster General shall receive a/1 moneys
lor postage earned by the steamships ol said com-
pany, and shall apply the same as lar as needed to
the payment of the semi-annual interest upon the
before-named bonds, and shall retain the surplus
alter paying such interest, and shall invest the same
quarterly in the securities of the United States to
toim a sinking fund, to be held solely tor the benefit
of the bondholders, and to be applied to thepayment
of the principal of such bonds. And whenever, and
as soon as, such sinking iund shall equal in amount
the entile principal of said bonds, then Irom that
time forward the interest of said bonds shall be paid
out of the income of such sinking Iund, and the
principal thereof out of the same Iund at their
maturity. And all postage earned after the time
when said sinking Iund shall be made up to the
amount aforesaid shall belong to and be paid quar-
terly to the said company by the Postmastei General
of the United States.
Mr. Speaker, these are the main features of
the bill, and Congress may at any time alter,
repeal, or amend them.
Never was there m the history of our Gov-
ernment a tunc when the absolute requirement
of a mail and emigrant steam line to Europe
was as important as now; yet, to-day,'We have
not one single steamship performing regular
service to Europe under oar flag. Foreign
steamers do all our mail, passenger, and freight
business, and we, the greatest Power on earth,
see our Government dispatches, Government
agents, maiis, and passengers go to and fio to
England, France, Prussia, &c., under the flag
and protection of Powers who are in no ease
our superiors.
The Postmaster General's reports, the last
six years, show that we have paid away over
two million dollars for the transportation of our
mails by foreigners, all of which could have
been, and should have been, paid to our own
people. Besides this, it is estimated that mer-
chants and emigrants have paid out over fifty
millions more for freight and passage money, all
of which also went into the pockets of foreign
ship-owners. This company intend these ships
shall be built in tkis country, thus fostering
American industry and giving work to our
own mechanics and laborers. It is their pur-
pose to so construct these vessels that passen-
gers will have every possible comfort and
convenience.
The manner in which emigrants are brought
to our shores on foreign ships is an outrage on
humanity, and ought to attract the attention
not only of Congress but the whole nation.
The Commissioners of Emigration of New
York city, in their report in January last,
state:
" That of eleven thousand two hundred and sixty-
four steerage passengers who arrived in 1865 in our
port from Hamburg, two hundred and twenty-
eight died on the passage: of fourteen thousand
three hundred and thirty-five who arrived in 18(56.
died on the passage three hundred and eighty-nine;
and of eight thousand seven hundred and eighty-
eight arrived in 1S67, not less than one hundred and
ninety-nine died on the passage."
They further state:
" In our opinion it is of great importance for the
interest of humanity, in winch both Europe and this
country are concerned, and as a question of political
economy, that the transportation of emigrants across
the Atlantic to this ponshould bo confined to steaai
vessels, as they not only convey the passengers more
comfortably and land them in better health, but, in
consequence of tho regularity and rapidity of the
passage, save an immense amount of labor lor their
own benefit and that of this country.
"One ot the greatestsources ot the nation's income
in wealth and population has been the vast emigra-
tion Irom Europe, and it should, theiefore, bo pro-
tected by appropriate national legislation. Every
principle of public policy looking to tho welfare of
the country, as well as every senumentof humanity,
demands this at the hands of Congress.
"Under the present s%stem the emigrants are
treated more like beasts of burden than like human
beings, starved and crowded together in ill-venti-
latea, ill-fitted, ill-supplied, and ill-manned vessels.
"The arrival of an emigrant ship in our ports, if
it does not bring disease and pestilence among us.
otten occasions great apprehension and alarm, dis-
turbmgthe regular business ot ourcity, and creating
an indefinable prejudice against the worthy emi-
grant, instead ot extending to him, as he truly de-
serves, a kind apd hearty welcome.
" The Corami *oncrs of Emigration are the trus-
tees as well ol the emigrant as of the State of New
Yoik and ol the United States in general. Although
appointed by the State authority for State pur-
poses, theirlme of duty is notconfined to the bound-
aries of the State, but extends over the whole coun-
try, inasmuch as they have to encourage and protect
the emigrant until he reaches his new home. It
would betray a narrow-mindedness, of which no
member of this board is guilty, if they did not look
at emigration from this national point of view.
Whenever they succeed in doing away with a griev-
ance or achievinga result favorable to the emigrants
it is a national gain, and an advantage won for the
whole country.
" Hence every consideration in relation to the com-
fort and protection ot the emigrant is of a national
character, and demands the serious attention of a
good and enlightened statesmanship.
".FREDERICK KAPP,
" PHILIP BISS1NGER,
" Commissioners.
"New York, January 21, 1808."
The value to our country of these emigrants
cannot be overlooked nor overestimated.
Many thousands of good men are prevented
from coming here on account of the horrors
of the sea voyage in being confined in these
miserable ships used for this purpose, about
which there has been so much complaint of
late. The Commercial Navigation Company
intend to meet this difficulty and so construct
their ships as to make it comfortable for emi-
