1868. *
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE).
623
sage of this unconstitutional and uncalled for
and cruel measure. My remarks are not in-
tended as a full examination of the proposed
bill, but simply as a continuation of the debate.
It is a most extraordinary spectacle for the
legislative branch of the Government in time
of profound peace to establish by law military
governments over a portion of our country.
We are, in fact, attempting to delegate to the
General of the Army a power which is con-
ceded not to inhere in this body—the power to
frame and impose State governments upon and
to determine who are or who are not legal vot- |
ers in ten States of this Union ; to pave the
way and afford a fair field and virgin soil for :
this new enterprise. The bill under consider- I
ation abolishes all governments now existing
in those States. To further pave the way for
'"the coming man" and to remove from his
mind all shadow of annoyance and all fears of
interruption the bill takes from the President
of the United States the command of the Army,
so far as its operations in these States are con-
cerned. "Truly, if the fruits of the war " are
not now secured and counted before next
November, there is no.reliance to be placed in
partisan legislation.
Mr. Speaker, the power of Congress to pass
the bill under consideration has been ably and
fully debated. This is the important, the vital
question. If Congress does not possess the
power to abolish these civil or provisional gov-
ernments the debate is at an end. The marked
ability and research displayed in this discussion
is a gratifying evidence that we are not " dying
at the top.'' The good temper, patience, and
liberality of the learned author of the bill and
the majority party on this floor is also an evi-
dence that our hearts as a people are kind and
sound. We hasten to accept this as a good omen.
Let us hope that as the war recedes the spirit
of truth and tolerance may resume its sway over
men of all sections and parties, and that the
time has come to rebuke that spirit of intoler-
ance which can brook no dissent from its own
arbitrary standard of men and methods. While
we favor a different policy from that urged by
a majority of this House, we beg members to
believe—and I am satisfied from my personal
acquaintance with many of them that they will
be glad to believe—that we love our whole coun-
try with a devotion as pure and as ardent as
their own. Every difference of opinion is not
a difference of principle. I do not believe that
there are any in this House who would wish to
dissolve this Union or to change its republican
form of government. If there are any, allow
me to say to this House, in the language of
Thomas Jefferson, "let them stand undisturbed
as monuments of the safety with which error
of opinion may be tolerated when reason is left
free to combat it.'' If the courtesy of debate
lias been marred by language unbecoming the
council halls of a great nation, let us chari-
tably hope that it was the mistake of ignorance
and not the promptings of a malignant heart.
In my judgment the article of our Federal
Constitution relied upon to sustain this meas-
ure was placed i« that grand charter and bul-
wark of our liberties for an entirely different
purpose, When I read that the United States
shall guaranty to all the States a republican
form of government I cannot, I dare not, give
my vote to place a State under martial law.
Congress derives its existence from the States,
not the States from Congress. This branch
of the argument has, however, been exhausted
by men patient in research and experienced
in debate. Men upon'this floor, of equal edu-
cation, patriotism, and honesty of purpose,
differ in their conclusions. I place myself most
heartily and entirely with the negative, and
emphatically deny that Congress has the power
either to abolish the State governments or to
deprive the President of the United States of
the. command of the Army. I do not at this
time propose to debate this branch of the ques-
tion, but simply to speak to the policy and
necessity of this legislation.
The happiness and well-being of all the peo-
ple in the southern States are placed by die
fortunes of war measurably in our hands. It
is a most solemn and sacred trust. They are
our kinsmen, educated with us, speaking the
same mother tongue—greatest bond of nations
—professing the same religious faith, imbued
with the same love of civil and religious liberty,
and accustomed to the same forms of govern-
ment with ourselves. In dealing with such a
people for the purpose of bringing them again
into harmonious action with us in one com-
mon, equal, and free government, it is certain
that we must obtain the good will and assent
of a majority of their people. To do this our
demands upon them must be just and reason-
able, and our conduct toward them honorable
and kind. All harsh and arbitrary measures
or cruel and insulting language—for a word
can wound deeper than a blow—are unworthy
of our power and position in this controversy.
Conciliation and magnanimity shed resplendent
luster upon the powerful ana victorious, while
arrogance, repulsive at all times, is hideous
when joined with victory. Behold tyrannous
victors, " how they hide their faces, miserable
in their ignominy." If we fail to conciliate
and win the love and assent of this great peo-
ple to unite with us again in friendly and fra-
ternal relations we not only fail in the obj2cts
of the war but we fail in the highest hopes and
aspirations of the century—liberty, unity, and
fraternity.
The civil war recently waged between our-
selves and this people originated from various
causes. Its object on the part of the South
was independence; on the part of the North
at first simply to prevent this. Afterward, as
the struggle continued and events gave birth
to thoughts and shaped designs, an issue was
boldly tendered by the North; nor ever, allow J
me to say, in the days of highest chivalry can
an instance be found in romance or poetry
or knightly legend when a more heroic chal-
lenge was given, or with more pomp or for-
mality ! The North by her heralds said to the
South: "Your independence and our integrity
as a nation are wagered upon this battle. You
tendered that issue. We add now to the prize
for which we fight the freedom of your slaves.
Take ninety days in which to consult your
people." The South did not require ninety min-
utes. She accepted the terms of the fight with
alacrity, for it welded her people as one man.
The battle that was now fought, whether we
consider the number, valor, and intelligence
of those engaged or the prize for which they
contended, has no equal in ancient or modern \
history. The existence of a mighty Republic ;
the freedom of four million people! The :
South had many brave and gallant sons; ]
their graves are thick and gr^pn over all her !
fair land; her daughters bewail upon the I
mountains, and the voice of weeping is in all :
her borders; her wealth has departed, and her
voice is no longer heard in the councils of j
nations! !
There never was a people who fought more
( bravely or yielded more bravely ttom the South.
How happy I am that they aremyttbuntrymen!
1 How proud I em that our' noble troops met
such foemen! The unity of the Republic and
! the freedom of all men under its flag are the
legitimate fruits of this war. When the South
yielded she as much gave up these two points '
! as if every man within her borders had signed
I a convention to that effect. Nor has she to ;
I my knowledge ever denied or sought to recede ;
I from these propositions. Should she ever do '
so we must seek and apply a remedy—even if '■
it should be the sword. No drop of the pre-
; cious blood which makes our battle-fields holy
i shall ever cry in vain to us from the ground !
Lives so precious have sealed this compact 1
that any breach of it would be a crime too i
great for death. When the South yielded the
North virtually guarantied to her as a whole
people the same relative proportion in the
Union which she occupied before the war with
the right of self-government in all things, ex-
cept as she might be restricted by the Federal
Constitution and the implied contracts of the
surrender. She at once and in good faith pro-
ceeded to carry out the contract. She placed
solemn guarantees in her State constitutions
against slavery, and proceeded, with the aid
of her recent slaves, now freedmen, to recon-
struct her shattered fortunes. The arts of
peace, with that elasticity peculiar to our so-
ciety, soon displaced the trade of war ; and
there seemed a happy future in store even for
this generation. That the scars must remain
upon the hearts of the principal survivors was
to be expected, but that the rising generation,
under the kindly influences of peace, would
conform to the new order and take kindly to
the North was both hoped and expected. But
woe worth the day! There were shepherds in
the North so eager to save this flock that they
commenced "hounding them back with dogs"
—a poor way, Henry Ward thinks, to save lost
sheep. And finally, after three years of vacil-
lation and change and failure, now, on account
of a difference of opinion or political quarrel
between the Republican party and its Presi-
dent, the dominant power in Congress propose
this bill, which abolishes their State govern-
ments, suspends the laws of the United States
as to them, and deprives them of every civil
and legal right. Why this is to be done I have
never learned. What its result will be no living
man can prophesy. Once entered upon a
course of injustice, our descent to the shades
will be swift and facile. The law of compen-
sation is universal; what you sow that you
shall reap. When Burke, in his great speech
on the conciliation of the colonies, announced
in his impassioned rhetoric that every blow
struck at American liberty undermined and
weakened the British constitution, he only
made an individual application of the divine
formula that '' Whatsoever ye would that men
should do unto you, do you even so unto them."
There is an "irrepressible conflict"* between
right and wrong, and the United States will
soon be all free and equal, organized and
governed by written laws, or they will be all
without constitutions and governed by arbitrary
and irresponsible power. The South cannot
be enslaved and the North remain free; arbi-
trary power and constitutional liberty are
"opposing and enduring forces." When the
South laid down her arms after the solemn
arbitration in the court of death, and the North
accepted the surrender, we were and still are
under mutual and equal obligations. This
is not only in accordance with the law of
nations, but is enjoined upon us by a law
older and more sacred—the rights of human
nature. Any attempt to impose upon that peo-
ple laws which are repugnant and distasteful
to them, or to interfere with the management
of their private affairs, or to impose new con-
ditions not either demanded in the war or
stipulated or implied in the surrender, is not
merely ungenerous; it is unjust and oppress-
ive. ' The doctrine that the magnitude of their
crime has barred their entrance to the temple
of justice is simply atrocious. Whoever is
the author of the sentiment is a coward and a
villain.
A few words as to the freedmen and I
have done. Wendell Phillips said, a short
time since, " The Republican party have abol-
ished slavery, but the difficulty is they have
not abolished the master." That they are
now proceeding to do ; for it seems to be gen-
erally conceded by his school that if it was not
for the white people in this country there
would be no further difficulties in the way of
reconstruction. The whole North abolished
slavery—won it in a square stand-up fight.
The Republican party as such did not nor
could not touch a link of its shackles outside
of their district. The negro was put up on
this fight, and the South lost him. He i^ legiti-
mately our negro. The whole North fought
this war, not the Republican party alone.
And the faith of the whole North, irrespective
of party, is pledged to guaranty to the negro
his freedom and to protect him in his natural
and inalienable rights, not because he fought
in the war on our side, for but comparatively
few of them did—but because the rights of
