4056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
ing that it should be considered in the House
as in Committee of the Whole. That allows
five minutes debate on. amendments.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I offer
the following as a new section, to come in at
the end of the bill:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That tho num-
ber of students in the collegiato department from
the several States as authorized by act of March 2,
1867, shall be increased from ten to twenty-five.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
that amendment will not be agreed to, and I
desire to make a statement with regard to this
whole institution.
Mr. SPALDING. The gentleman from Illi-
nois is opposed to the whole bill, and he has
agreed with me that the previous question may-
be called, and then I will give him forty minutes
of my time to make known his objections to
the passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER. Then the question is first
on the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.)
Mr. WASHBUENEj of Illinois. I desire
to offer another amendment after that shall be
disposed of, and I hope the bill will not be
closed for amendments. My amendment is a
substitute for the bill, and I also desire to offer
an aditional section.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I appeal
to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding]
whether amendments of this sort are to be
offered, and then the previous question is to be
moved and debate closed in forty minutes?
Mr. SPALDING. I will hear what the
amendments are.
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows nothing
of any arrangement made privately by mem-
bers. The bill is to be considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
and read by sections for amendments.
Mr. MULLINS. By what rule do we get
into an hour speech by moving the previous
question while considering the bill in Commit-
tee of the Whole ?
The SPEAKER. For the reason that after
the previous question shall be seconded and
the main question ordered the consideration
of the bill as in Committee of the Whole will
have terminated, and the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Spalding,] having originally reported
the bill, will be entitled to the floor for one
hour to close the debate.
^ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. T would
like to have the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Spalding] give me a portion of his time before
the amendment and substitute are voted upon,
because I desire the House to understand this
matter.
Mr. SPALDING. Very well; I have no
objection.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the bill will now be considered as having been
perfected in Committee of the Whole, and as
being now before the House with the amend-
ments pending.
No objection was made.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Spalding] take his hour now, or
after the previous question shall have been
seconded?
Mr. SPALDING. I will take it now, and
yield forty minutes to the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Washbuhne.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to get the attention of the House to a simple
matter of business. This bill now before the
House is a bill making appropriations for the
service of the Columbia Institution for the
Instruction of the Deaf and Dumb, and estab-
lishing additional regulations for the govern-
ment of the institution. I can say that in the
first instance the Committee on Appropriations
were divided upon this bill, and there was a
minority report of four members of the com-
mittee, the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler,] the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Beamax,] the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Blaine,] and myself.
I desire the attention of the House to the
minority report in this matter that we may
know what we are to vote upon, and what is
this Columbia Institution for the Deaf and
Dumb. It is an institution in which the Gov-
ernment has no interest whatever, but which
has obtained from the Government the sum of
$325,000; and if we vote the appropriation
here called for the total amouut -will be
$376,800.
Now, I wish to ask the Clerk to read the
report of the minority of the Committee on
Appropriations, in order that the House may
know how this money has been expended, and
in order that we may know what we have been
paying for the education of the deaf and dumb in
the District of Columbia, while we assent to
the proposition that it is but right and just that
the Government should educate the deaf and
dumb of the District of Columbia we deny that
it has the right to educate the deaf and dumb
of all the States, and to build up.an immense
institution here with the money of the people.
This report will show that these pupils which
have been educated here have each cost the
Government the enormous sum of $7,200.
This bill proposes to appropriate the sum ®f
twenty-five or thirty thousand dollars, when
less than $7,000 will educate at the best insti-
tutions in any of the States every deaf and
dumb pupil we have here in the city of Wash-
ington.
The facts in relation to this whole matter are
set out in this report, and I ask the Clerk to
read it.
The report is as follows;
Tho undersigned, a minority of the Committee on
Appropriations, being unable to concur in the action
of a majority of the committee in reporting IIous©
bill No. oil, entitled "A bill making appropriations
for the service of tho Columbia Institution for the
Instruction of tho Deaf and Dumb, and establishing
additional regulations for tho government of tho in-
stitution," and also being unable to concur in tho
provisions of House bill No. 859, entitled "A bill ap-
propriating money in support of benevolent institu-
tions and in aid of charitios in tho District of Colum-
bia for the fiscal year ending June 30, I860," so far as
relates to appropriations for the Columbia. Institu-
tion for theDoaf andDumb, bog loavc to submit the
following views:
They find that an act was passed February 16,1857,
to incorporate the Columbia Institution for the In-
struction of the Deaf and Dumb and tho Blind, which
act is to be found in volume two United States Stat-
ute.vat-Large, page 161, a&dis as follows, to wit: (.see
actmarkcd A.)
It will bo seen that certain person?, and suoh per-
sons as might thereafter be associated with them by
contributions for tho instruction of tho doaf and
dumb and tho blind, were crcated a body politic,
&c., with the usual privileges of perpetual succes-
sion, and ot taking,holdmg, and enjoying lands, &c..
and using tho common seal, &c. It will bo observed
that the further provisions were, in brief, that when-
ever tho Secretary of the Interior should be in-
formed, in a manner prescribed by the act, of any
deaf nnd dumb or blind person of teachable age,
properly belonging to the District of Columbia, who
should be in indigentcircumstanees, and Without the
command of means to secure an education, it was
made the duty of tho said Secretary to authorize the
said person to enter the said institution for instruc-
tion, and to pay for bis maintenance and tuition
therein at the rate of 6150 per annum, payable quar-
terly out of the Treasury of the United States. And
it was made lawful for the said institution to receive
and instruct deaf and dumb and blind persons from
any of the States and Territories of the United
States on such terms as might bo agreed upon, Ac,
A further provision was also made, as will bp per-
ceived by reference to the act, that the condition of
the said institution should bo roported to tho Secre-
tary of the Interior on tho 1st day of July in each
year.
This act seems to have had its inception in an en-
lightened spirit and tho most humane motives, to
on&blo certain liberal and charitable gentleman to
carry out a most benevolent and praiseworthy pur-
pose. And in the line of such purpose it was pro-
vided bylaw that where any deaf and dumb or blind
Sarsons of teachable age, properly belonging to the
istriot, was in indigent circumstances^ and unable
to command means to secure an education, the Gov-
ernment should pay maintenance and tuition at the
rate of $150 per annum for such person.
It will bo perceived, therefore, that the only obli-
gation which the Government took upon itselfin
this regard was to pay $350 a year to this institution
for each deaf and dumb and blind person properly
belonging to the District of Columbia, in indigent
circumstances and unable to command means to se-
cure an education. No obligation was assumed to
maintain or edu«ato any deaf and dumb or blind
person not properly belonging to the District, and
who was not in indigent circumstances, and who
could command the means to secure an education.
The permission granted to the institution to receive
and instruct deaf and dumb and blind persons irom
any of the States and Territories on such terms as
might be agreed upon between the parties and the
institution did not imply any obligation on the part
of tho Government to maintain and educate such
P Th°isinstitution having been incorporated for the
purposes and upon the terms set out in the act, pro-
cured the passage of an amendatory act, approved
May 29,1858. (Act of May 29, United States Statutes-
at-Large, vol. 11, p. 293.) .
This last-mentioned act provides that in addition
to the liberal provision tor the maintenance and
tuition of pupils in that institution the sum of $3,000
per annum, payable quarterly, should be allowed foi
five years for the payment of salaries and incidental
expenses. Three thousand dollars additional were
allowed for the then fiscal year, and it will be seen
that the Government further took upon itself to
authorize the education of all deaf* and dumb and
blind children of all persons in the military and
naval service, while such i>ers_on8_were actually m
such serviee, to receive instruction in said institution
upon the same-terms as deaf, dumb, and blind chil-
dren belonging to the District of Columbia. 4
By an act approved June 13,1860, the Washing-
ton Manual Labor School and Male Orphan Asylum
Society of the District of Columbia" was dissolved,
and the transfer of its effects to the " Columbia Insti-
tution for the Instruction of the Deaf and Dumb
and the Blind" authorized.
Thenoxt act upon this subject was passed March
16,18G2, and it was therein provided that the sum of
$4,400 per annum should be allowed for the payment
of salaries and incidental expenses, which was> $M£jO
more a year than was allowed by the act of May 29,
1858. By the second section of this act the sum of
$9,000 was .appropriated for the erection, furnishing,
and fitting up of two additions to the buildings of
said institution. (See act, vol. 12 Laws, page 369.)
In the act making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses, approved March 3, 1863, (12 Laws, page
747,) $4,400 were appropriated for salaries and inci-
dental expenses of said institution; $1,470 for sup-
plying the institution buildings with gas--making
apparatus and fixtures, and §2,&ftHor supplying the
institution buildings with heating apparatus.
By the act approved April 8, 1864. the said institu-
tion was authorized to confer degrees, grant diplo-
mas, <fce. After the passage of this act the institution
undertook to assume to itself the more high-sound-
ing title of "The National Deaf Mute College/' by
which title the advanco department wiis thereafter
to be known and designated, but theSecrctary of the
Interior, in his reportof December 4,1865, doubted
the right of the institution tochange its name with-
out the consent of Congress, and the matter seemed
to bo then dropped.
In proceeding further with this matter, it appears
by reference to tho act making appropriations for
sundry civiI expenses, approved July 2,1864, (13 Laws,
p. 319,) $7,500 wero appropriated for salaries and inci-
dental expenses, and for the salary of an additional
teacher, and for the construction of a new sewer,
and f*,r tho construction and repair of fences; and
$20,000 wero also appropriated to purchase a tract of
improved land, not for the Government, but tor this
institution, under the pretcxtof enabling malepupils
to bo instructed in horticulture and agriculture, and
to furnish sites for mechanic shops and other neces-
sary buildings. And there was further appiopriated
by this act $3,200 for the purpose of bringing the Po-
tomac water into the institution.
Notwithstanding the very large and liberal appro-
priations to this institution for themaintenanee and
tuition of tho deaf and dumb and tbe blind properly
belonging to the District of Columbia, it would seem
that the institution proposed to relieve itself of all
obligation of maintaining and educating the blind,
and to cast upon the Government the additional ex-
pense of instructing and educating them elsewhere.
An act was thereforo procured to be passed, approved
February 23,1865, (12 Laws, p. 436,) which provided
for changing the name of the institution, so that its
corporate name and style wasthereafter to beknown
as "The Columbia Institution for the Instruction of
tho I>ea f and Dumb/' The Secretary of the Interior
was authorized by this act to cause all the indigent
blind children who had been or would be entitled to
instruction in the said institution to be instructed in
some institution for tho education of the blind in
Maryland, or some other State, at a cost not greater
for each pupil than is or might be for the time being
paid by such State, and the amount was to be paid
out of tho Treasury of the United States.
Being divested of the obligation to maintain and
instruct the blind, and having imposed upon the
Government such obligation to instruct tnera in
Maryland or some other State at the public expense,
it would naturally be supposed that the amount
thereafter to bo asked for, for salaries and incidental
cxponses, would be lessened; but instead of that it is
found by reference to the deficiency bill, approved
April 7,1866,(14 Laws, p. 21,) there was appropri-
ated for salaries and incidental expenses, including
$500 for books and illustrative apparatus, $12,50.'; ior
the erection, furnishing, and htting up ot the two
extensions to tho buildings, to provide enlarged
accommodations for the male department under the
further pretense of furnishing rooms for the instruc-
tion of the pupils in useful labor, there was appro-
priated $39,445 87; and a further sum of §3,500 was
appropriated to inclose, grade, and improve the
grounds of the institution. The amounts last abo\o
mentioned were in a deficiency bill, but m the ate
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses lor
the year ending June 30, 1867. approved July 2, IboO,
(14 Laws, p. 317,) there was appropriated as follows;
'For the Columbia Institution; lor tho support ot
the institution, including $500 for books and illustra-
tive apparatus, §20,700; for the erection, furnishing,
