508
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June:&,
40th Cong .... 2d Sbss.
Laws of the United Stalks.
any town located on the public land of the
United States may avail themselves, if t.he town
authorities elect so to do, of the provisions of
the act of March two, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, entitled " An act for the relief of
the iuhabitauts of cities and towns upon the
public lands:" Provided, This act shall not
prevent the issuance of patents to persons who
nave made, or may make, entries and elect to
proceed under existing laws: And provided
further, That no title under said act of March
two, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, shall
be acquired to any valid mining claim or pos-
session held under the existing laws of Con-
gress: Provided, also, That in addition to the
minimum price of the lands included in any
town site entered under the provisions of this
act and " An actfor the relief of the inhabitants
of cities and towns upon the public lands,"
approved March two, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, there shall be paid by the parties
availing themselves of the provisions of said
acts all costs of surveying and platting any such
town site, and expenses incident thereto,
incurred by the United States, before any
patent shall issue therefor.
Approved, June 8, 1868.
Chap. LIY.—An Act to exteud the Time for
Completing the Military Road authorized by
an Act entitled " An Act granting Lands to
the States of Michigan and Wisconsin to aid
in the Construction of a Military Road from
Fort Wilkins, Copper Harbor, Kewenaw
county, in the State of Michigan, to Port
Howard, Green Bay, in the St^te of Wis-
consin."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the tune for com-
pleting the military road, and for the sales of
lands, authorized by an act entitled "An act
granting lands to the States of Michigan and
Wisconsin to aid in the construction of a mili-
tary road from Fort Wilkins, Copper Harbor,
Kewenaw county, in the State of Michigan, to
Port Howard, Green Bay, in the State of Wis-
consin," approved March third, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, be, and the same is hereby,
extended to March first, eighteen hundred and
seventy.
Approved, June 8, 1868.
Chap. LV.—An Act to further provide for
giving effect to the various Grants of Public
Lands to the State of Nevada.
Re it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the State of Nevada
is authorized to select the alternate even-num-
bered sections within the limits of any railroad
grant in said State, in satisfaction, in whole or
in jjart, of the several grants made in the fol-
lowing acts of Congress, to wit: the act organ-
izing the_ Territory of Nevada, passed March
second, eighteen hundred and sixty-one; the
actadmitting the State of Nevada into the
Union, passed March twenty-one, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four ; and the act concern ing
certain l^nds granted to Nevada, passed July
fourth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six: Pro-
vided, That this privilege shall not extend to
lands upon which there maybe rightful claims
under the preemption and homestead laws:
And provided, That if lands be selected, the
minimum price of which is two dollars and fifty
cents per acre, each acre so selected shall be
taken by the State in satisfaction of two acres,
the minimum price of which is one dollar and
twenty-five cents per acre: And provided fur-
ther, That the lands granted in the eighth and
ninth sections of the said act admitting Nevada
into the Union shall be selected within four
years from the passage of this act, and the
period for the selection of said lands is hereby
so extended.
Sue. 2, And be it farther enacted, That the
lands known and designated for the establish-
ment of an agricultural college by the act of
July second, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
and the acts amendatory thereto, shall be
selected in the same manner and of the same
character of lands as may be selected in satis-
faction of" any other grants referred to in the
first section of this act. But this act shall not
authorize the selection of lands valuable for
mines of gold, silver, quicksilver, or copper.
Skc. 3. And be it farther enacted, That the
county of Esmeralda, in the State of Nevada,
and the counties of Mono and Inyo, in the
State of California, are hereby created a land
district; and the land office for such district
shall be located at Aurora, in Esmeralda
county; and the President shall be authorized
hereafter, from time to time, as circumstances
may require, to adjust the boundaries of any
and all of the land districts in said State, and
change the location of the land office from
time to time, when the same shall be expedient.
Skc. 4. And be it farther enacted, That the
lands granted to the State of California for the
establishment of an agricultural college by the
act of July second, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, and acts amendatory thereto, may be
selected by said State from any lands within
said State subject to preemption and sale :
Provided, That this privilege shall not exteud
to lands upon which there may be rightful
claims under the preemption and homestead
laws, nor to mineral lands: And provided
farther, That if lands be selected as aforesaid,
the minimum price of which is two dollars and
fifty cents per acre, each acre so selected shall
be taken by the State in satisfaction of two
acres, the minimum price of which is one dol-
lar and twenty-five cents per acre; And pro-
vided further, That such selections shall be
made in every other respect subject to the con-
ditions, restrictions, and limitations contained
in the acts hereby modified.
Approved, June 8, 1808.
Chap. LXT.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Naval Service for the year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
nine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of Amcrica in
Cong I ess assembled, That the following sums
be, and they are hereby, appropriated, to be
paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for the year ending
the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-nine:
For pay of commission, warrant, and petty
officers, and seamen, eight million dollars, or
so much thereof as may be necessary.
For preservation of wood and iron vessels
and ships in ordinary, and for those that are
on (-he stocks ; vessels for the Naval Academy ;
for purchase of material and stores of all kinds;
labor in navy-yards; tools, transportation of
material, repair of vessels, and maintenance
of the Navy afloat, three million dollars.
bureau of yards and docks.
For contingent expenses that may accrue
for the following purposes, viz:
For. freight and transportation ; for print-
ing, advertising, and stationery; for books,
models, and drawings; for the purchase and
repair of fire-engines ; for machinery of every
description ; for purchase and maintenance of
oxen and horses and driving teams: for carts,
timber-wheels, and workmen's tools ; for tele-
grams and postage of letters on public service;
for furniture for Government offices and houses;
for candles, oil, and gas; for cleaning and
clearing up yards ; for flags, awnings, and
packing boxes ; for rent of landings ; for tolls
and ferriages ; for coal and other fuel; for
water tax and for rent of stores, eight hundred
thousand dollars.
Navy-Yard at Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
For the necessary repairs of all kinds, fifty
thousand dollars.
Navy- Yard at Boston.
For repairs of buildings, and repairs of all
kinds, one hundred thousand dollars.
Navy- Yard at New York.
For repairs of all kinds, one hundred thou-
sand dollars.
Navy- Yard at Philadelphia.
For repairs of all kinds, fifty thousand dol-
lars.
Navy- Yard at Washington.
For repairs of all kinds, eighty thousand
dollars.
Navy- Yard at Norfolk.
For preservation of the yard and the neces-
sary repairs of all kinds, fifty thousand dollars.
Navy- Yard at Pensacola.
For preservation of the yard and the neces-
sary repairs of all kinds, fifty thousand dollars.
Navy- Yard at Mare Island.
For repairs of all kinds, sixty thousand dol-
lars.
Naval Station at Sar.kett's Harbor.
For repairs and the general care of the pub-
lic properly, two thousand dollars.
Naval Station at Mound City, Illinois.
For the necessary repair of the levee and
yard buildings, twenty-seven thousand dollars.
Naval Station at Key West.
For necessary repairs of wharves and build-
ings, three thousand dollars.
Naval Asylnm at Philadelphia.
For furniture and repairs of same, one thou-
sand dollars.
For house cleaning and white-« ashing, eight
hundred dollars.
For furnaces, grates, and ranges, six hun-
dred dollars.
For gas and water rent, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
For general improvement and repairs, five
thousand dollars.
For support of beneficiaries, fifty-four thou-
sand dollars.
For pay of superintendents and the civil
establishment at the several navy-yards and
stations under the control of the Bureau of
Yards and Docks, and at the Navy Asylum,
fifty thousand dollars: Provided, That the civil
engineer and naval storekeeper at the several
navy-yards shall be appointed by the Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, and that the persons employed at
the several navy-yards to superintend the me-
chanical departments, and heretofore known
as master mechanics, master carpenters, mas
ter joiners, master blacksmiths, master boiler-
makers, master sail-makers, master plumbers,
master painters, master calkers, master ma-
sons, master boat-builders, master spar-mak-
ers, master block-makers, master laborers,
and the superintendents of rope-walks, shall
be men skilled in their several duties and
appointed from civil life, and shall not be
appointed from the officers of the Navy.
bureau of equipment and recruiting.
_ For the purchase of hemp and other mate-
rial for the Navy: for the purchase of coal
and the transportation and other expenses
thereon; for the purchase of various articles
of equipment, viz, : wire rope and machinery
for its manufacture, hides, cordage, canvas,
leather, iron cables and anchors, furniture,
galleys, and hose, and for the payment of
labor for equipping vessels, and manufacture
of articles in the navy-yards pertaining to this
bureau, one million dollars.
