1868.
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2®
Affairs, that I have made-such an appeal to the
Senate.
Mr. FBSSENDBN. I will not interfere with
the Senator; but I should like to have an op-
portunity of making a report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin moves to take up for con-
sideration House bill No. 733, for the relief of
the Navajo Indians at the Bosque Redondo,
and to establish them on a reservation.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. Now the bill being up,
I am willing to allow the morning business to
be introduced which will not occasion debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection, that course will be pursued.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MORTON presented a petition of Eliza-
beth Steepleton, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
He also presented a petition of Henry Lieber
and other German citizens of Indiana, praying
the abolition of the Presidency; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DAVIS presented a petition of Henry
TV. Cleaveland, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
memorial of A. J. Donelson and Minor Meri-
wether, for the beard of levee commissioners
of the counties of Bolivar, Washington, and
Issaquena, Mississippi, praying aid in rebuild-
ing the levees of the Yazoo basin of the Mis-
sissippi valley; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of citizens
of Calumet county, Wisconsin, praying a re-
duction of the taxes and that the expenses of
the Government be reduced to a peace basis j
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of "Wisconsin, instructing their Senators
and Representatives in Congress to adhere to
the policy of the loyal people of the Republic
as adopted by Congress ; which were ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. MORGAN. I present a memorial of
Dr. Francis Lieber, professor of public law in
the law school of Columbia College, Theodore
W. Dwight, professor of municipal law in the
same college, William Cullen Bryant, author,
Henry T. Tuckei'man, author, Andrew D.
White, president of Cornell University, George
"William Curtis, author, and others, in favor
of an international copyright law. I move
that the memorial be referred to the joint Cofa-
ruittee on the Library.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUCICALEW. I present a petition
signed by citizens of Norristown, Pennsylva-
nia, setting forth that great injury and wrong
to the commercial and manufacturing interests
of the country, as well as a loss of revenue to
the Government, are occasioned by what is
known as the warehousing system, and praying
that the law establishing bonded warehouses
shall be repealed and the system abolished. I
move that the petition be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was recommitted
the bill (S. No. 276) to grant lands to the North-
ern Michigan Railroad Company in extension
of the Northern Pacific railroad, reported it
with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, reported
a bill (S. No. 450) relative to filing reports of
railroad companies; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Public Baildings and Grounds, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 784) to amend the
act entitled v An act authorizing the construc-
tion of a jail in and for the District of Colum-
bia," approved July 25, 1866, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 153) to establish a collection district in the
State of Oregon, reported it with amendments.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Eliza-
beth K. Spurries, guardian and representative
of the children of the late Surgeon Henry L.
Heiskell, reported adversely thereon.
He also from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Parker Quince, to
be compensated for services as collector of
internal revenue in North Carolina, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 452)
for the relief of Parker Quince.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. FESSENDEN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 451) allowing drawbacks on articles used
in the construction of vessels; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the bill
be printed and laid on the table. I do not
think it is necessary to refer it to a committee,
as the subject was fully discussed the other
day.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 453) supplementary to an act entitled
"An act to establish the office of register of
deeds for the District of Columbia," approved
February 14, 1863; which'was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
IMPEACHMENT RULES.
Mr. DRAKE. I offer the following as an
additional rule of the Senate when sitting upon
the trial of an impeachment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider it at this time.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask for its introduction
now. 1 suppose that does not require unani-
mous consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No; I
thought the Senator submitted it for present
consideration.
Mr. DRAKE. I merely propose to intro-
duce it at this time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is intro-
duced, and objection being made to its con-
sideration it goes over under the rules.
Mr. DRAKE. If objected to, of course it
goes over ; but let it be read for information.
The Secretary read the proposed rule, as
follows:
When the Senate is sitting upon the trial of an
impeachment the presiding officer shall be addressed
as "Mr. President;" and all papers submitted by
either party which in their nature should be ad-
dressed in terms to the tribunal shall be addressed
to it as " the Senate," and all references in papers or
debate to the tribunal shall be to it as "the Senate."
REMOVALS IN TREASURY DEPARTMENT. '
Mr. WILLIAMS. I submit the following
resolution, and ask for its present consider-
ation :
liesolvcd. That the Secretary of the Treasmrbe
requested to inform the Senate as to the following
transactions in his Department since the 1st of
January, 1868:
How many clerks or employes havo been removed,
and the form of tho circulars or letters, if any, ad-
dressed to heads of tho bureaus and divisions as' to
removals? „ .
How many clerks or employes have been ap-
pointed, and if the letters of appointment are signed
bv the Secretary; if not, by whom are they signed?
"How many clerks heretofore removed have been
appointed, and from what States or places, since tho
above mentioned date, have the appointment of
clerks or employes been made, and upon whoso rec-
ommendations?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I object to the consider-
ation of the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution will go over.
INDEX TO CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed "to:
Resobed, That the Committee on Printing be' di-
rected to consider the expediency of employing.®
suitable person to prepare an index to the Congres-
sional Globe on the plan of Morre's Improved Index
for newspaper and pamphlets, at a cost not exceed-
ing 8120 per volume.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVAL.
A message from the President of the United
i, by Mr. "Willi am G. Moore, his Secretary,
announced that the President had, on the 19Ui
instant, approved and signed the bill (S. No.
308) for the relief of the heirs of the late Gen-
eral Duncan L. Clinch, deceased.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION SHIP-BUILDING.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire the indulgence
of the Senate for a moment to make a per-
sonal explanation. Mr. President, the other
day I was led into an error in a statement
which I made relative to the shipping built in
Maine and Michigan respectively. I was led
very innocently into this mistake, not having
examined the authorities, but having listened
to both the honorable Senators from Maine,
and taken their statements to be reliable. For
instance, the senior Senator from Maine [Mr.
Fessenben] said:
" I should be very glad to see the day come, and so
Iknow would all of us, when our ship-yards through-
out the country will be as busy with industry as they
have been heretofore, when you could hardly go into
a port on the Atlantic sea-board that you did not
hear the sound of busy industry used in the con-
struction of a vessel and see the ribs of the great
machine ready to receive its sheathing and soon to
become a thing of life upon the ocean. Sir, you see
no such sights now."
. I supposed from such statements as these
that the ship-yards of Maine were as silent
as the streets of Babj'lon and Nineveh; I
supposed the grass was growing where chips
ought to be; that the ship-building interest of
Maine was utterly destroyed; and upon that
supposition I made my statement. And is it
surprising, sir, that I should have made the
inference I did, when the distinguished Senator
from Nevada [Mr. Nye] almost shedtearsand
deluged us with eloquence, and when my friend
from Indiana [Mr. Morton] was so deeply im-
pressed with the distress existing in the ship-
yards of Maine that he could hardly find lan-
guage to utter his feelings, and -when even
my unimpressible friend from Missouri [Mr.
Drake] was almost persuaded to go against
his convictions as to the proper time and place
when the measure should go through.
Since then I have investigated the subject,
and I now desire to call the attention of the
Senate to the facts in the case. I have taken
the figures for three years prior to the war, in-
cluding the first half of the first year of the
war, and the three years succeeding the war,
including the last half of the last year of the
war. 1 find by the official documents which
are on my desk that in 1858-59 (the year end-
ing June 30, 1859) the State of Maine built
55,959 tons of shipping, while the whole
amount built in the United States was 242,286
tons. In 1859-60 the State of Maine built
40,905 tons, while the. whole nation built 156,-
602 tons. In 1860-61, including part of the
first year of the war, the State of Maine built
57,343 tons, and the whole nation 233,191 tons.
I ask attention to the figures I shall now give
as to the three past years, because I have no
doubt the Senators from Maine were both de-
ceived as I was. I have no doubt they really
thought that the ship-yards of the State of
Maine were lying desolate and idle; their con-
stituents had misinformed them, and a majority
of the Senate were almost persuaded, against
their own judgment, out of sympathy for the
suffering people of Maine, to vote the relief
called for. In 1864-65 the Slate of Maine
built 73,754 tons of shipping, and the" whole
nation 415,740 tons. In 1865-66 the State
of Maine built 79,290 tons, and the whole na-
tion 383,805 tons. In 1866T67 the State of
Maine built 73,921 tons, and the whole nation
336,146 tons.
