626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
Household furniture, family relics, books, &c., gen-
erally taken by military order for temporary use and
subsequently transferred to Treasury agents, were
ordered to be restored to the original owners by my |
circular letter of September 6, 1SG5, whenever the i
conditions named therein were complied with. (See
document marked D, annoxed.) In one case, that of
Lewis Washington, the household furniture having
been sold at auction by mistake of the Treasury
agent, tho proceeds of sale, amounting to $1,162 71,
were restored in lieu of tho furniture.
In compliance with the request of a sub-committee
of the joint Committee on lletreuchment, dated April
4, lSdT, no releases of property held as captured or
abandoned have-been since made, nor claims in con-
nection therewith paid, except lor expenses in col-
lecting the property. In the interval of a month
between the report to the Senate thereto attached and
the request of the Committee on Retrenchment claims
to the amount of $7,126 82 were allowed. One com-
promise, however, has been made in tho case ot asuit
pending against the United States in tho United
States circuit court of New York, known tho
" l)ennistoun" cotton case. The agent of the United
States was under a replevin bond in this suit of
$400,000; which amount of money the Government
deposited to the credit of his sureties in the Farmers'
Loan and Trust Company of New York. As this
cotton wa9 not ostensibly the property of tho lato
rebel government, nor captured nor abandoned, but
was alleged to have been purchased legally after the
close of the rebellion from a foreign firm by Dennis-
toun, Wood <fc Co., of New York, it was thought
advisable by eminent counsel to pay the sum of
$53,000 for a final settlement and release the money
on deposit.
The resolution requires me to report the evidence
upon which such property or its proceeds was re-
leased. To copy the affidavits filed during nearly
five years in these cases would apparently employ
any loree I have at my command tor such a purpose
for over six months. I have, therefore, thought it
more in accordance with the wishes of the Senate to#
make this present answer to the other points of
inquiry, and in regard to the evidence to propose to
send for its inspection the documents on file in any
particular case that may be demanded, or to make a
supplementary report whouever it can be prepared.
The evidence in each ca>e is of the nature indi-
cated briefly in my letter of March 2, 1867. Prior to
the close ot the rebellion claimants were invariably
required to furnish competent proof of loyalty.
The authority under which action had been taken
by the Department and cotton and other property or
its proceeds returned to the owners, was also concisely,
but distinctly, suited in the aforesaid letter. It was
the opinion of my predecessors in office that it was not
only the right but the duty of the Treasury Depart-
ment to examine the facts in relation to alt property
couung to the hands of its agents, and if it appeared
that the same had been taken in violation of law to
restore it or its proceeds to its owners. The rule as
adopted by them was sufficiently broad to authorize
them to adjudicate the title to property taken by the
Army or Navy and turned over to agents of the Treas-
ury Department. But after the capture of Savannah
and of the large amounts of eotton therein the Attor-
ney General gave the Department his opinion that
all questions arising with reterence to property taken
by the military authorities could be adjudicated only
in the Court of Claims; which opinion has since
governed the action of the Department as to cases
considered as fairly within the purview of the same.
In relation, however, to cotton or other property
taken possession of by the Treasury agents without
military assistance or intervention, I have followed
the practice of my predecessors, and have investi-
gated the circumstances ot the seizures; and if it has
appeared in any case that the property was not
rightfully gubject to seizure Ihave restored thesame
or its proceeds to its lawful owners.
In view of the action taken by my predecessors,
who established the settled practice of the Depart-
ment, aud in the absence of any legislature for thepur-
pose of altering that practice, it seems to me that it
would not only have been inexpedient but unlawful
for me to have refused to take similar action to revise
and correct the errors, mistakes, and frauds of my
own subordinate officers and agents. Itweuld hardly
have been tolerated if the Department at the close
of the rebellion had sent throughout the South
agents to collect captured and abandoned property
and had refused to exercise the authority to revise
and control their proceedings. If an agent seizedtho
private property of an individual through mistake
or error or for fraudulent purposes, and the owner
presented himself at the Department with full and
undisputed proof of the facts, could the Department
justify itseli in refusing to correct the wrong done to
a citizen and refer him to the Court of Claims for his
only remedy? If such had been the rule acts of
robbery and oppression without number would have
attended the efforts which were made to secure the
property which rightfully belonged to the Govern-
ment. In the view takon by the Department tho
late Attorney General, Hon. James Speed, concurred,
as will be seen by his opinion in the case of Joseph
P. Billups, a copy of which is herewith transmitted,
marked E.
Alter the rebellion was practically terminated by
the surrender of the confederate armies in the spring
of 1865 all restrictions .upon trade were removed;
and it was decided to confine the action ot the De-
partment to the seizure and conversion to the uses
of the Government of property which had been trans-
ferred by its owners to the uses of the s«-called con-
federacy, and bad become in form the property of
such confederacy, or such as had been captured by
the, military forces, or which had been used directly
or indirectly, or intended to be used, in aid of the
rebellion. While thus engaged in makingeolleetioas
of the aforesaid property agents of tlfe Department
frequently seised tho property of private individuals,
whocomplained to the Department for redress, which,
upon clear proof, was duly afforded. In some cases
ot' this character it is possiblo that property seized or
detained was restored to its owners without, requir-
ing proof that they had not aided the rebellion. To ■
havo required such proof would have been practi-
cally allowing the agents of the Department to seize,
after tho war closed, tho private property of any
southern citizen, when their instructions were to col-
lect only property which answered to the above de-
scription. In no case, however.it is believed, was
property or its proceeds restored to any unpardoued
rebel.
In some important cases, in which the numerous
and imperfect affidavits secuicd to require a more
rigid analysis than usual, 1 have not trusted to tho j
clerks in charge for a report nor my own judgment1
exclusively, and have procured the opinion of emi- !
nent counsel before action. Not iuvolving a distinot,
point of law for decision, these cases eould not be |
submitted to the Attorney General, whoso duties do
not embrace the investigation ot tacts. In such cases <
the fee of special counsel has been made a charge
upon the proceeds of the property in question,
whether the petition lor release was allowed or re-
jected. In no other way have claimants becu re- ;
quired by any action of the Department "to pay any
lee or compensation of any kiud to any attorney or
other person."
In further reply to the resolution of the Senate. I
have the houor herewith to transmit copies ot the
correspondence between this Department and the
various otficers of the Court of Claims in relation to
judgments rendered in said court in cotton eases.
Judgments to the amount ot $131,450 58 having been
rendered by the court in favor ot claimants of cot-
ton taken by the military forces during the rebel-
lion, 1 deemed it my duty, on account ot the import-
ance of the questions wkich had arisen and of the
large amounts involved in similar cases to follow, to
endeavor to secure appeals therein to the Supreme 1
1 Court of the United States. A motion being duly
i made for that purpose and fully argued, the Court j
of Claims decided that no right of appeal to the Su- |
prerne Court existed by statute in this class of cases,
| and refused to allow the appeals. Being called upon, i
thereiore, in pursuance ot law, to pay the judgments, i
I submitted the question to the First Comptroller of 1
the Treasury, wtio advised that the decisions were
not conclusive as to the net proceeds remaining in
tho Treasury of any specific property, and that it was
my duty to ascertain the exact amount thereof before
' paying the judgments. Knowing that the calcula-
tions made by the court were based upon the deposi-
tion of an agent whose accounts had not been olti-
cially examined and passed, 1 revised them to make
them contorm to the official statement; and in all
cases paid what was ascertained to be, as nearly as
possible, the correct amount. . ]
With great respect, your obedient servant, ;
hugh Mcculloch,
Secretary of the Treasury.
i Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the com-
munication be referred to the joint select Com-
mittee on Retrenchment, and printed,
i Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
whether the Committee on Retrenchment are
taking charge of the matters referred to in that j
report. If they are, I have no objection to its
going to them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Committee on Re-
trenchment, by a resolution of one or both
Houses—I have forgotten which—were in-
structed to inquire into this whole cotton sub-
ject, and a sub-committee of that committee
have been for many months diligently pursuing
that matter, and they have it under considera-
tion now. I have myself no motion to make
about it. The pleasure of the Senate will be
my pleasure as to where this communication
shall go.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was referred to the
Committee on Finance, but they have not time
to go into a detailed examination and inquiry.
I trust, therefore, the reference I have proposed
will be made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
its going to the Committee on Retrenchment.
I only hope it will not escape consideration
there, and that the admissions made in the
report that the Secretary of the Treasury has
paid the proceeds of cotton to rebels without
any inquiry, and someother statements that are
made in the report, will be inquired into by the
Committee on Retrenchment.
The motion was agreed to.
LAND CLAIM IN MISSOURI.
_ Mr. WILLIAMS. I now call for the con-
sideration of the bill which the Senate on my
motion agreed to take up.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 166) for
the relief of the owners of the lands within
United States survey No. 8,217 in the State
of Missouri.
The bill proposes to release, grant, relin-
quish, convey, and confirm, in fee simple and
in full property, to the legal representatives of
Ann 0. Camp and Antoine Ileilhe, all the right^
title, and interest of the United States in and to
all of the land within United States survey No.
3,217, in townships foriy-four aud forty-five
north of the base line in ranges six and seven
east of the lifth principal meridian line, in the
State of Missouri, being the same land that was
surveyed by the United States for Madame
Camp and Antoine lieilhe's representatives,
containing two thousand nine hundred and live
arpens aud fifty-six perches and fortjf feet,
which is equal tQ two thousand four hundred
and seventy-one acres and seventy-six hun-
dredths of an acre.
The Committee on Private Land Claims pro-
pose to amend the bill by inserting after the
words "legal representatives'' in lines five
and thirteen respectively the words "aud as-
signs."
Mr. DRAKE. I would suggest to the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Private
Land Claims that it would perhaps be as well
not to make that amendment for this reason :
From the earliest times, in reference to old
Spanish and French land grants in Missouri,
the confirmation has been to "the legal rep-
resentative" of the original grantee. That is
a well-known technical phrase which runs
through all the confirmations and all the acts
of Congress which have ever been passed in
reference to the confirmation of those claims.
The term "legal representatives" necessarily
includes the assignee of the original grantee.
Now, to introduce a change in the phraseology
which has been customary for more than fifty
years in connection with these land grants
may lead to complications and difficulties about
this particular case which I am sure the chair-
man of the committee would not desire to have
grow out of this bill. I state this for the in form-
ation of the honorable chairman of the com-
mittee, and I hope that he will find in it, suffi-
cient reason for allowing the bill to pass in the
shape in which it was originally introduced,
drawn up by a lawyer in St. Louis who is very
familiar with our land titles, and the phrase-
ology of it adapted to all the phraseology which
has ever been used in similar cases in con-
firmations and in acts of Congress for the last
fifty years.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am not very particular
as to the phraseology, but I supposed that this
amendment would be a greater protection to
the purchasers and owners under this claim
than the mere words "legal representatives,"
and that was the opinion of the committee. It
may be that in reference to the Spanish land
grants the words "legal representatives" have
acquired a peculiar meaning; but they do not
ordinarily in law embrace "assigns." "Legal
representatives" is a phrase that has a techni-
cal meaning in law and does not, as a general
rule, embrace purchasers and assigns; and when
this amendment was proposed by the commit-
tee the gentleman from St. Louis who has
charge of the case was consulted about the
proposed amendment and did not object to it,
although he said that it would be satisfactory
to the parties concerned to have the words
"legal representatives" in the bill and no
other words used. I am qujte indifferent about
it, one way or the other, but it is my opinion
that tho wofd "assigns," added to the words
" legal representatives," will be a greater pro-
tection to those who now occupy these lauds
and hold them than the mere words which were
in the original bill. I suppose the honorable
Senator, though, is the representative of those
persons; and if they desire this change, if they
think these words'of the original bill sufficiently
protect them, it is not a matter of any conse-
quence to the committee, one way or the other.
The amendment was only proposed out of
abundant caution for their protection.
Mr. DRAKE. I supposed that that was
exactly the motive of the committee and the
object they aimed at in proposing this amend-
ment; but I will state again to the Senate and
