510
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 25,
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Congress as one of the States of the Union
upon the following fundamental condition:
that the constitution of Arkansas shall never
be so amended or changed as to deprive any
citizen or class of citizens of the United States
of the right to vote who are entitled to vote by
the constitution herein recognized, except as
a punishment for such crimes as are now felo-
nies at common law, whereof they shall have
been duly convicted, under laws equally appli-
cable to all the inhabitants of said State: Pro-
vided., That any alteration of said constitution
prospective in its effect may be made in regard
to the time and place of residence of voters.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
B. F. WADE,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
In* the House of Representatives U. S.,
June 20, 1868.
The President of the United States having
returned to the House of Representatives, in
which it originated, the bill entitled "An act
to admit the State of Arkansas to representa-
tion in Congress," with his objections thereto,
the House of Representatives proceeded, in
pursuance of the Constitution, to reconsider
the same; and
Resolved, That the said bill dopass, two
thirds of the House of Representatives agree-
ing to pass the same.
Attest: EDWD. McPHERSON,
Clerk H. R. U. S.
In Senate op the United States,
June 22, 1868.
The Senate having proceeded, in pursuance
of the Constitution, to reconsider the bill en-
titled "An act to admit the State of Arkansas
to representation in Congress," returned to
the House of Representatives by the President
of the United States, with his objections, and
sent by the House of Representatives to the
Senate, with the message of the President
returning the bill:
Resolved, That the bill do pass, two thirds
of the Senate agreeing to pass the same.
Attest: GEO. C. GORHAM,
Secretary of the Senate.
Chav. LXX.—An Act to Admit the States of
North Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana,
Georgia, Alabama, aud Florida to Repre-
sentation in Congress.
Whereas the people of North Carolina,
South Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama,
and Florida have, in pursuance of the pro-
visions of an act entitled "An act for the more
efficient government of the rebel States,"
passed March second, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, and the acts supplementary
thereto, framed constitutions of State govern-
ment which are republican, and have adopted
said constitutions by large majorities of the
votes east at the elections held for the ratifica-
tion or rejection of the same : Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That each of the States
of North Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana,
Georgia, Alabama, and Florida shall be en-
titled and admitted to representation in Con-
gress asa State of theUnion when the Legislature
of such State shall have duly ratified the
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress,
and known as article fourteen, upon the fol-
lowing fundamental conditions: that the con-
stitutions of neither of said States shall ever
be so amended or changed as to deprive any
citizen or class of citizens of the United States
of the right to vote in said State who are
entitled to vote by the constitution thereof
herein recognized, except as a punishment for
such crimes as are now felonies at common
law, whereof they shall have been duly con-
victed under laws equally applicable to all the
inhabitants of said State : Provided, That any
alteration of said constitution may be_ made
with regard to the time and place of residence
of voters; and the State' of Georgia shall only
be entitled and admitted to representation upon
this further fundamental condition: that the
first and third subdivisions of section seven-
teen of the fifth article of the constitution of
said State, except the proviso to the first sub-
division, shall be null and void, and that the
General Assembly of said State by solemn
public act shall declare the assent of the State
to the foregoing fundamental condition.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That if
the day fixed for the first meeting of the Legis-
lature of either of said States by the constitu-
tion or ordinance thereof shall have passed or
have so nearly arrived before the passage of
this act that there shall not be time for the
Legislature to assemble at the period fixed,
such Legislature shall convene at the end of
twenty days from the time this act takes effect,
unless the Governor-elect shall sooner convene
the same.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
first section of this act shall take effect as to
each State, except Georgia, when such State
shall, by its Legislature, duly ratify article
fourteen of the amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, proposed by the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, and as to the State of
Georgia when it shall in addition give the as-
sent of said State to the fundamental condi-
tion hereinbefore imposed upon the same;
and thereupon the officers of each State duly
elected and qualified under the constitution
thereof shall be inaugurated without delay;
but no person prohibited from holding office
under the United States, or under any State,
by section three of the proposed amendment
to the Constitution of the United States, known
as article fourteen, shall be deemed eligible
to any office iu either of said States, unless
relieved from disability as provided in said
amendment; and it is hereby made the duty
of the President within ten days after receiv-
ing official information of the ratification of
said amendment by the Legislature of either of
said States to issue a proclamation announcing
that fact. SCHUYLER COLFAX.
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
B. F. WADE,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
In the House or Representatives U. S.,
June 25, 1868.
The President of the United States, having
returned to the House of Representatives, in
which it originated, the bill entitled "An act
to admit the States of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and
Florida to representation in Congress," with
his objections thereto, the House of Represent-
atives proceeded, in pursuance of the Consti-
tution, to reconsider the same; and
Resolved, That the said bill do pass, two
thirds of the House of Representatives agree-
ing to pass the same.
Attest: EDWD. McPHERSON,
Clerk II. P. U. S.
h< Senate op the United States,
June 25, 1808.
The Senate having proceeded, in pursuance
of the Constitution, to reconsider the bill en-
titled "An act to admit the States of North
Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia,
Alabama, and Florida to representation iu
Congress," returned to the House of Repre-
sentatives by the President of the United
States, with his objections, and sent by the
House of Representatives to the Senate, with
the message of the President returning the bill:
Resolved, That the bill do pass, two thirds
of the Senate agreeing to pass the same.
Attest: GEO. C. GORHAM,
Secretary of the Senate.
Chap. LXXI.—An Act to provide for Ap-
peals from the Court of Claims, ana for
other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That an appeal to the
Supreme Court of the United States shall be
allowed on behalf of the United States from
all the final judgments of the said Court of
Claims adverse to the United States, whether
such judgments shall have been rendered by
virtue of the general or any special power or
jurisdiction of said court under the limitations
now provided by law for other cases of appeal
from said court.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That said
Court of Claims, at any time while any suit or
claim is pending before or on appeal from said
court, or within two years next after the final
disposition of any such suit or claim, may, on
motion on behalf of the United States, grant
a new trial in any such suit or claim and stay
the payment of any judgment therein, upon
such evidence (although the same may bo
cumulative or other) as shall reasonably sat-
isfy said court that any fraud, wrong, or injus-
tice in the premises has been done to the Uni-
ted States ; but until an order is made staying
the payment of a judgment, the same shall be
payable and paid as now provided by law.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That
whenever it shall bo material in any suit or
claim before any court to ascertain whether
any person did or did not give any aid or com-
fort to the late rebellion, the claimant or party
asserting the loyalty of any such person to the
United Slates during such rebellion shall be
required to prove affirmatively that such per-
son did, during said rebellion, consistently
adhere to the United States, and did give no
aid or comfort to persons engaged in said
rebellion ; and the voluntary residence of any
such person in any place where, at any time
during such residence, the rebel force or organ-
ization held sway, shall be prima facie evidence
that such person did give aid and comfort to
said rebellion and to the persons engaged
therein.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That no
plaintiff or claimant, or any person from or
through whom any such plaintiff or claimant
derives his alleged title, claim, or right against
the United States, or any person interested in
any such title, claim, or right, shall be a com-
petent witness in the Court of Claims in sup-
porting any such title, claim, or right, and no
testimony given by such plaintiff, claimant, or
person shall be used: Provided, That the Uni-
ted States shall, if they see cause, have the
right to examine such plaintiff, claimant, or
person as a witness under the regulations and
with the privileges provided in section eight
of the act passed March third, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, entitled "An act to amend
an aet to establish a court for the investigation
of claims against the United States," approved
February twenty-fourth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five.
Sec. 5. Andbe it farther enacted, That from
and after the first day of July, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-eight, the Attorney General of
the United States for the time being shall,
with his assistants, attend to the prosecution
and defense of all matters and suits in the
Court of Claims on behalf of the United States.
There shall be appointed by the President, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
two Assistant Attorneys General, who shall hold
their offices for four years respectively, unless
sooner lawfully removed, and whose salaries
shall be four thousand dollars each per year,
payable quarterly, and who shall be in lieu of
the_ solicitor, assistant solicitor, aud deputy
solicitor of the Court of Claims, and of the
Assistant Attorney General now provided for
by law; and the existing offices of solicitor,
assistant solicitor, arid deputy solicitor of the
i Court of Claims, and of Assistant Attorney
