1868.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONUBESSIOUAL GLOBE.
511
Laws of the United States.
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
General, are hereby abolished from and after
the first day of July, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight. The Attorney General shall have
power to appoint two additional clerks of the
fourth class, and one clerk, at a salary not
exceeding two thousand dollars, in his office.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That it
shall also be the duty of the said Attorney
General and his assistants, in all cases brought
against the United States in said Court of
Claims founded upon any contract, agreement,
or transaction with any executive Department,
or any bureau, officer, or agent of such Depart-
ment, or where the matter or thing on which
the claim is based shall have been passed upon
and decided by any Department, bureau, or
officer intrusted by law or Department regula-
tions with the settlement and adjustment of
such claims, demands, or accounts, to trans-
mit to said Department, bureau, or officer, as
aforesaid, a printed copy of the petition filed
by the claimant in such case, with a request
that the said Department, bureau, or officer to
whom the same shall be so transmitted as afore-
said, will furnish to said Attorney General all
facts, circumstances, and evidence touching
said claim as is or may be in the possession or
knowledge of the said Department, bureau, or
officer; and it shall be the duty of the said
Department, bureau, or officer to whom such
petition may be transmitted and such request
preferred as aforesaid, without delay, and within
a reasonable time, to furnish said Attorney
General with a full statement of all the facts,
information, and proofs which are or may be
within the knowledge or in the possession of
said Department, bureau, or officer, relating to
the claim aforesaid. Such statement shall also
contain a reference to or description of all offi-
cial documents or papers, if any, as may or do
furnish proof of facts referred to in said state-
ment, or that may be necessary and proper for
the defense of the United States against the
said claim, together with the Department, office,
or place where the same is kept or maybe pro-
cured. And if the said claim shall have been
passed upon and decided by the said Depart-
ment, bureau, or officer, the statement or an-
swer to be transmitted to said Attorney Gen-
eral, as hereinbefore provided, shall succinctly
state the reasons and principles upon which
such decision shall have been based. In all
cases where such decision shall have been made
upon any act of Congress, or upon any section
or clause of such act, the same shall be cited
specifically. And if any previous interpreta-
tion or construction shall have been given to
such act, section, or clause by the said Depart-
ment or bureau transmitting such statement,
the same shall be set forth succinctly in said
statement, and a copy of the opinion filed, if
any, shall be annexed to such statement and
transmitted with the same to the Attorney Gen-
eral aforesaid. And where any decision in the
case shall have been based upon any regulation
of an executive Department, or where such
regulation shall or may, in the opinion of the
Department, bureau, or officer^ transmitting
such statement, have any bearing upon the
claim in suit, the same shall be distinctly re-
ferred to and quoted in extenso in the state-
ment transmitted to said Attorney General:
Prodded, however, That where there shall be
pending in said court more than one case, or a
class of cases, the defense to which shall rest
upon the samefacts, circumstances, and proofs,
the said Department, bureau, or officer shall
only be required to certify and transmit one
statement of the same, and such statement
shall be held to apply to all such classes of
cases as if made out, certified, and transmitted
in each case respectively.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That it
shall and may be lawful for the head of a sty
executive Department, whenever any claim is
made upon said Department involving disputed
facts or controverted questions oi vvheie
the amount in controversy exceeds, three thou-
sand dollars, or where the decision will affect a
class of cases or furnish a precedent for the
future action of any executive Department in
the adjustment of a class of cases, without
regard to the amount involved in the particular
ease, or where any authority, right, privilege,
or exemption is claimed or denied under the
Constitution of the United States, to cause
such claim, with all the vouchers, papers,
proofs, and documents pertaining thereto, to
he transmitted to the Court of Claims, and the
same shall be there proceeded in as if originally
commenced by the voluntary action of the.
claimant. And the Secretary of the Treasury
may, upon the certificate of any Auditor or
ComptrolleroftheTreasury, direct any account,
matter, or claim of the character, amount, or
class described or limited in this section to be
transmitted, with all the vouchers, papers, doc-
uments, and proofs pertaining thereto, to the
said Court of Claims, fortrialand adjudication:
Provided, however, That no case shall be re-
ferred by any head of a Department unless it
belongs to one of the several classes of cases
to which, by reason of the subject-matter and
character, the said Court of Claims might,
under existing laws, take jurisdiction on such
voluntary action of the claimant. And all the
cases mentioned in this section which shall be
transmitted by the head of any executive De-
partment, or upon the certificate of any Auditor
or Comptroller, shall be proceeded in as other
cases pending in said court, and shall, in all
respects, be subject to the same rules and reg-
ulations; and appeals from the final judgments
or decrees of said court thereiu to the Supreme
Court of the United States shall be allowed iu
the manner now provided by law. The amount
of the final judgments or decrees in such cases
so transmitted to said court, where rendered
in favor of the claimants, shall in all cases be
paid out of any specific appropriation applica-
ble to the same, if any such there be; and
where no such appropriation exists, the same
shall be paid in the same manner as other
judgments of said court.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That no
person shall file or prosecute any claim or suit
in the Court of Claims, or an appeal therefrom,
for or in respect to which he or any assignee
of his shall have commenced and has pending
any suit or process in any other court against
any officer or person who, at the time of the
cause of action alleged in such suit or process
arose, was in respect thereto acting or profess-
ing to act, mediately or immediately, under
the authority of the United States, unless such
suit or process, if now pending in such other
court, shall be withdrawn or dismissed within
thirty days after the passage of this act.
Sec. !>. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the clerk of the said Court
of Claims to transmit to Congress, at the com-
mencement of every December session, a full
and complete statement of all the judgments
rendered by the said court forthe previousycar,
stating the amounts thereof and the parties in
whose favor rendered, together with a brief
synopsis of the nature of the claims upon which
said judgments have been rendered.
Sec. 10. And he it further enacted, That all
provisions of any act incompatible herewith be,
and the same are hereby, repealed.
Approved, June 25, 1808.
Chap. LXXII.—An Act constituting Eight
HoursaDay's Work for all Laborers, Work-
men, and Mechanics employed by or^ on
behalf of the Government of the United
States.
Be it enacted by th e Senate aiid House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States cf America in
Congress assembled, That eight hours shall
constitute a day's work for all laborers, work-
men, and mechanics now employed, or who
may be hereafter emploved . by or on behalf of
the Government of the 1' n'ted ^ta: es: nd that
all acts and parts of acts inconsistent with this
act be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Approved, June 25, 18(58.
Chap. LXXIII.—An Act for the Belief of
certain Exporters of Hum.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the act of January
eleventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
entitled "An act to prevent frauds in the col-
lection of tax on distilled spirits," be so con-
strued as to permit rum, which at the date of
the passage of said act was already distilled or
redistilled and intended for export and act-
ually contracted for to be delivered for export-
ation, to be withdrawn, removed, and exported
from the United States under such transport-
ation and export bonds and regulations as were
required therefor immediately prior to the
passage of said act, and as shall be provided
for hereafter: Provided, That all such spirits
shall be actually exported within sixty days
from the passage of this act; and that before
any such exportation shall be permitted proof
in writing shall be furnished by sworn evidence,
to the satisfaction of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, that such rum was in fact
at the date mentioned intended for export and
distilled or redistilled for that purpose or act-
ually contracted for to be so exported. And
upon failure to so export the same within said
sixty days, the tax thereon shall become due
and payable, and the bonds given for the
transportation and export thereof shall be for-
feited and collected, as in case of such bonds
not canceled according to law.
Approved. June 25, 1868.
C.iap. LXXIV.—An Act to reestablish the
Boundaries of the Collection Districts of
Michigan and Michilimackinac, and to
change the names of the Collection Districts
of Michilimackinac and Port Huron.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rejp -
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the collection dis-
trict of Michigan shall be extended so as to
embrace all the territory and waters of the
State of Michigan lying west of the principal
meridian and south of the latitudinal line
dividing townships number forty-three from
townships number forty-four, north of the base
line of said State, excluding the territory
bordering Green Bay and including the Island
of Bois Blanc.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
collection district of Michilimackinac shall
hereafter be called the district of Superior, and
shall embrace all that part of the upper penin-
sula of the State of Michigan lying east of the
principal meridian, all the islands in, and
bordering upon, the Saint Marie river, and all
that part of the State of Michigan lying west
of the principal meridian and north of the lati-
tudinal line dividing townships number forty-
three from townships number forty-four, north
of the base line of the said State, including
the territory in said State bordering Green
Bay, together with all the islands, waters, and
shores of Lake Superior and the adjacent ter-
ritory unto the headwaters of all the rivers and
streams tributary thereto and within the juris-
diction of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
collection district of Port Huron, in the State
of Michigan, shall hereafter be called the
district of Huron.
Approved, June 25. 1868.
Chap. LXXY.—An Act to extend the Bound-
aries of the Collection District of Fbiladel-
phia so as to include the whole consolidated
City of Philadelphia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Bouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Amencam
Congress assembled, That the port of entry
