1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3005
because that has been ordered by a suspension
of the rules to be made every day after the
morning hour, subject only to unanimous con-
sent for the assignment of bills.
_ Mr. ELIOT. I move that the further con-
sideration of the pending bill be postponed,
reserving the same rights, till to-morrow morn-
ing.
The motion was agreed to.
INTERNAL TAX BILL.
Mr. SCHEN~CK. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the tax bill.
Mr. BUTLEH. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to inquire if it is possible for the House
to deal with the tax bill otherwise than in Com-
mittee of the Whole, except by voting down
tlie motion just made? because 1 desire at some
time, and now, if I can, to move to postpone
the bill. But I suppose it cannot be done at
this time.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be done during
the pendency of the motion to suspend the rules,
which suspends the rule authorizing themotion
to be made for the postponement of this bill.
If the motion to go into Committee of the
Whole should be votod down the gentleman's
motion will then be in order, as will be seen
by page 182 of the Digest, which the Clerk will
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"A special order may bo postponed by a majority
vote, and according to the rules whenever the time
arrives for the consideration of a special order in
Committee ot" the Whole the ha rue may bepostponed
by a vote in the House."
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion to suspend the rules and going into
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WASIiBURNE, of Illinois. This will
be a test vote. I understand that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means 
Mr. SCHENCK. I object to any debate.
Sir. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 82, nays 57, not voting
50; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Allison, Ames, James 51. Ashley,
Baker.Banks.Boatty.Bcek,Benton,Binghnm, Brom-
weli. Brooks, Broomall, Buckland, Cake, Reader W.
Clarke,Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell,
Covode, Culloin, Delano, Eckley, Ela, Farnsworth,
Berry. Garfield. Gravely, Griswold. Harding. Higby.
Hill. Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D, Hubbard, Rich-
ard D. Hubbard, Insjersoll, Jencke3, Judd. Kelsey,
Ketchain, Kitchen, Koontz, George V. Lawrence,
Loan, Logan, Lynch, Marshall, Maynard, McClurg,
MillT. Moorhead. Morrcll.Morrissey. Mullins, New-
comb, Niblack, Paine, Phelps, Pile, Plants. Polsley,
Pomeroy, llnmn. Sawyer, Schenck, Seofield, Shella-
barger. Aaron F.Stevens. Stewart, Stokes, faffe.lay-
lor, John Tumble, Iwiohell, Kobert X. Van Horn,
ITonry D. Washburn, William I*. Washburn, Wclker,
WiiliMtn Williams, and John T. Wilson—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Archcr, Baldwin, Barnes, Beaman,
Benjamin, Blair, Burr, Butler. Churchill, Dawes,
Dodge. Donnelly, Lidridge, Eliot, Ferriss. Fields,
Getz, Glossbrenner, ftolladay, Grover, Hoi man,
Ilotehki-N linlburd, lluntcr, Julian, Knott, Lamn,
Loughridgo, Mallory, iloCormiek,McCullough,Mer-
cur, Moojo, .Nicholson, Nunn, Price. Randall. Rob-
ertson, Robins-oil. llo«s,Sitgrcaves, Spalding Stark-
weather, Thaddeus Stevens, Stone, Taber. Thomas,
Lawrence S. Trimble, Trowbridge.Lpson, van Acr-
rara. Van Aukon, Van Trump, Ward, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne, and Wood-
W NONVOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Arnell,
De)o< 1<. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey., Barnum. Blaine,
Boutwell, Boycr, Oary, Chanler, Dixon, Dmgs. bg-
ple.sfon, Finnev. Fox, Ilaight, Halsey, Hawkins,
Asnhel W. Hubb.ird, Humphrey, Johnson. Jones,
Kellcy.Kerr, William Lawrence,.Lincoln, Marvin,
McCarthy. MmiKen. Mvcrs, O'Neill, Orth. Perham,
Peters. Pike, Poland. Pruyn. Selyc. Shanks, Smith,
Burt Van Horn, Van Wyok. Thomas VV ilhams, James
F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wmdom, Wood,
and Woodbridge—50.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state or
the Union, (Mr. POMCKOY in the chair,) and
resumed tiit> consideration of the special order,
being the bill (II. R. No. 10G0) to reduce into
one net and to amend the laws relating to inter-
nal taxes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will resume
the reading of the bill where it was suspended
last night.
The following paragraph was read :
Dealers in horses shall each pay ten dollars.8 Any
person whose business it is to buy or sell horses or
mules shall be regarded as a dealer in horses.
No amendment was offered, and tiie next
paragraph was read, as follows:
Cattle brokers whose annual sales do not exceed
$10,000 shall each pay ten dollars; and when the
annual sales exceed $10,000, shall pay, in addition,
one dollar for each $1,000 in excess of $10,000; and
the tax on such excess shall be assessed and paid in
the same manner as in thecase of wholesale dealers.
Every person whose business it is to buy or sell or
deal in cattle, hogs, or sheep shall be considered as a
cattle broker.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to offer the
following amendment;
Page 109, line four hundred and seventeen, strike
out all after the word "dollars" to andincludingthe
word " dealers," on line four hundred and nineteen,
as follows; "Andthe tax on such excess shall be
assessed and paid in the same manner as in the case
of wholesale dealers."
The amendment was agreed to.
The ClerJf read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows :
Butchers whose annual sales exceed SI,000 shall
each pay ten dollars. Every person whose business
it id to sell butchcr's meat at retail shall be regarded
as a butcher, and shall not be required to pay the
special tax as a retail dealer on account of selling
other articles at the same shop, stall, or premises;
but butchers who shall sell butcher's meat exclu-
sively, by themselves or agents, traveling from place
to place, and not from any shop, stall, or stand, shall
be required to pay five dollars only.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer the following
amendment from the Committee of Ways and
Means:
Page 110, line four hundred and twenty-seven,
after the word "premises," insert the words "unless
such sales exceed 65,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next paragraph was read, as follows;
Dealers in canned and preserved meats and vegeta-
bles, whose annual sales exceed 81.000 and do not
exceed $5,000, shall each pay ten dollars, ami when
the annual sales exceed $3,000 shall pay, in addition,
two dollars for each $1,000 in excess of ^5,000. Every
person who prepares and puts up, in cans, bottles, or
other packages, for sale, meats, fish,shell-fish, iruits,
vegetables, sauces, sirups, jams, jellies,' or prepared
mustard, shall be regarded sis a dealer in canned and
preserved meats and vegetables.
Mr. ROBINSON. Would it be in order to
go back to the paragraph in regaid to horse
dealers? I desire to ask a question of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee can only
go back by unanimous consent.
Mr. BEAMAN. I object to going back.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows:
Owners of stallions and jackasses kept for the use
of mares shall pay ten dollars lor each animalso kept
and used. Every person who keeps for pay a stallion
or a jackass for such use shall be regarded as the
owner thereof, and shall furnish to the assessor or
assistant assessor a statement containing a brief de-
scription of the animal, its age, and the place or places
where used, or to be used. All accounts, notes, or
demands made in consideration of the use of any
such stallion or jackass, the owner thereof not having
paid the tax as aforesaid, sliall bo void.
Mr. MULLINS. I move to insert after the
word "jackass," in line four hundred and
forty-four, the words ''or any 'visible admix-
ture' thereof." [Laughter.]
The amendment was rejected.
No further amendment was offered, and the
Clerk read the following paragraph:
Proprietors of places of public amusement shall
pay therefor: for those of the first class a special tax
of $200 each, and for those of the second class a
special tax of twenty dollars each. Lvory build-
in" tent, or other place occupied or used exclu-
sively or chicfly.for dramatic or operatic repre-
sentations or performances, or lor concerts, balls,
masquerades, or exhibitions, or tor,feats of horse-
manship or acrobatic sports, for admission to which
money is paid, shall bo rated as a place of public
amusement of the first class. Rooms or halls which
are only occasionally hired or used for dramatic or
operatic representations or performances, or tor con-
certs balls or exhibitions, tor admission to which
money is paid, shall be rated as places of amusement
1 of the second class. Circuses, 01other public amuse-
! mcnts or performances which are oonductcd or
i exhibited by companies which move from place to
I placc, shall pay a special tax the same as places of
| amusement of the first class; and the special tax
rceeipt therefor shall be framed by the person to
whom issued, and shall be hung up at the pla.ee of
entrance to such circus or other place of amusement,
so that the same can be easily seen and read by
every person visiting such place of performance.
And every proprietor or manager of such circus,
public amusement,orperformance,shall givea bond
in the sum pi $10,000, with sureties, to the assessor
of the district where sueh person resides, conditioned
that he will comply with all the requirements ol law
pertaining to such business; and no receipt shall
issue to any person for such special tax until such
bond shall have been given by such person to and
approved by the said assessor. And every such pro-
prietor or manager who shall neglect, or refuse to
display the proper special tax receipt in the manner
hereinbefore required shall, on conviction thereof,
be fined §500. And where such circus or other public
amusement or performance is had or given in a tent
or other temporary or movable shelter or inclosure,
the capacity of such tent as provided in the sec-
tion of this act shall be stated in the application for
registry with the assistant assessor, and shall be
entered by the collectoron his receipt for the speeiai
tax. Proprietors of menageries, or other shows not
hereinbefore enumerated and described, for the
exhibition of, or admission to which, money is paid,
shall each be taxed as proprietors of public amuse-
ments of the second class, unless such menagerie o*r
show shall be accompanied by, or consist, in part ofi
exhibitions of theatrical or dramatic performances,!
in which case they shall be taxed the same as placesl^^^
3f amusement of the first cla*s. Every proprietor#^^
of any circus, menagerie, or other show, who removes
his exhibition from place to place, shall be required
by the assessor or assistant assessor of any collection
district in which such amusement is given or exhib-
ited to produce the receipt showing that this special
tax therefor has been duly paid to the assessor of
some district within the United States, within the
current year: and if it shall appear that such tax has
not been paid, or has not been paid within thirty
days after the 1st day of May in such year, or upon
neglect or refusal to produce such tax receipt when
so demanded by the proper officer, the party so delin-
quent shall be liable to a penalty of §10,000, andshall
be subject to and on conviction for the offense bo
fined not less than $10,000 nor more than $50,000, and
be imprisoned not less than three months nor moro
than two years.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to offer the
following amendment:
Page 112, lines four hundred and eighty-seven and
four hundred and eighty-eight, strike out the words
" the — section of."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ELA. I move to insert after the word
i;class,'1 in line four hundred and sixty-four,
the following proviso:
Provided. That when the net receipts of such room
or hall shall not exceed $100 no tax shall be required.
It is so manifest that some restriction ought
to be made in this matter that I take it the
very statement of the amendment is sufficient.
Mr. PAINE. I would inquire of the gentle-
men if he refers to the net receipts for a single
evening?
Mr. ELA. The net receipts for the year.
Mr. PAINE. I suggest to the gentleman
that he should modify his amendment in that
way.
Mr. ELA. I will modify it so as to read,
"when the net annual receipts," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows:
Proprietors, owners, agents, or lessees, of any place
or object, not included in the above classc?, lor the
privilege of seeing which entrance money, fee, or
reward is demanded or received, shall, where the
entrance money, fee, or reward demanded or received
for each adult person does not exceed the turn of
twenty-five eents, each pay a special tax therefor of
fifty dollars; and when such entrance money exceeds
twenty-five cents, $100. And m addition to the pen-
alties, otherwise provided, for non-payment of spe-
cial taxes, the place or obj ects belonging to, or leased,
or held by any such person, shall be seized and for-
feited to the United States.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer the following
amendment from the Committee of Ways and
Meaus:
Page 113, line fivehundred and fourteen,strike out
all atter and including the word "or''where it last
occurs down to the end ofthe paragraphias lollops:
Or object, not included m the above classes, iur the
privilege of seeing which entrance money,
leward is demanded or received, shall, wnerethe
entrance money, fee, orreward demanded or received
for each adult person does not excced the sum ot
twenty-five cents, each pay a special tax tbcretoi ot
fifty dollars; and when such entrance mon.y exceeds
twenty-five cents, $100. And in addition to ti e pen-
alties otherwise provided for the noii-p..sment if
special taxes, the placeorobject or objects be.onging
to, or leased or held by any such person, shall be
seized and forfeited to tno bin ted btate..
And insert in lieu thereof the following: ,
Not included in theabovo classes, for the privaege
