1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
627
to the chairman of that committee, that in the j
many thousands of confirmations which have 1
been made in the State of Missouri of old
Spanish land grants to parties claiming under
the original grantee, this term " legal repre-
sentatives " has been uniformly used from the
beginning, and it is well understood there to
inciude all parties deriving titles through the
original grantee, whether by devise or purchase
or descent; and I would prefer, as the honor-
able chairman of the committee says he is not
at all anxious about it, that the bill should be
passed in the shape inf which it was originally
drawn, for fear that the insertion of words
which have never been used in that connec-
tion before might lead to some difficulty which
we cannot foresee.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am willing that the
Senate should disagree to the amendments.
Ihey are not of any great consequence.
'Ilie amendments were rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FBOAI TUE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had disagreed to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. 11. No. 213)
to suspend further reduction of the currency.
The message also announced that the House
bad passed the following bills and joint resolu-
tion, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate:
A bill i H. R. No. 452) forthe relief of Cap-
tain C. P. Johnson;
A bill (H. It. No. 453) increasing the pen-
sion of Nancy Weeks, widow of Francis Weeks,
a soldier of the war of 1812;
A bill (H. R. No. 454) granting a pension
to John Kelly;
A bill (H. It. No. 455) granting a pension
to David Van Nostrand;
A bill (H. R. No. 450) granting a pension
to the minor children of Pleasant Stoops; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 154) in rela-
tion to the settlement of the accounts of cer-
tain ollicerg and agents who have disbursed
public money under the direction of the chief
of Engineers.
CONSULAR APPOINTMENTS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now renew my motion
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the resolution named by me.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would inquire of the
honorable Senator from Michigan how long it
is likely the resolution he has mentioned will
occupy.
Mr. CHANDLER. But a very short time;
not more than ten or fifteen minutes, 1 think.
1 .was prevented from making a response to an
assault personal to myself and the State which
I in part represent on Thursday last, and 1
simply claim the usual courtesy which is ex-
tended to Senators iu such cases.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Iowa
is not in his seat.
Mr. CHANDLER. I cannot help that; I
have waited long enough.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 made the inquiry because
I propose to call up the case of my colleague
elect, which is a privileged question.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 shall not occupy more
than ten or lifteen minutes.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I yield.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution (S. It. No.
74) in relation to cousular appointments, the
{tending question being on the motion of Mr.
Chandler to reter the joint resolution to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I regret
that the Senator from Iowa [Mr. GrihesJ is
not in his seat. He saw tit at the close of his
remarks on Thursday, to which 1 tried to re-
spond at the time, to make some pergonal allu-
sions to myself and likewise to the State which
I have the honor in part to represent. Now,
sir, the consular system to which this joint reso-
lution refers is to-day more efficient than it has
ever been since the foundation of this Govern-
ment. In 1860 the chairman of the Committee
on Commerce was the rebel Mr. Clay, of Ala-
bama, and nearly every consular agent abroad
was of rebel proclivities. They neither knew
nor cared anything for the commercial inter-
ests of the United States. Great frauds had
crept into the consular system. In point of
fact, honorable American citizens were almost
driven from certain branches of importations.
False invoices, fraudulentinvoicea, were passed
through the custom-houses, and honorable
Americans could not transact the importing
business. Since that time the whole consular
system has been revised. At the suggestion of
our consul at Manchester, in 1863, we changed
the plan of consular indorsements, compelling
every shipper to the United States to have his
bills indorsed by the consul at the place where
the goods were manufactured for shipment.
This new law has transferred the consular sys-
tem from a burden upon the Treasury to a pay-
ing institution. It formerly cost the Govern-
ment about one hundred thousand dollars a
year more than the whole receipts from con-
sular fees to pay for the consular system.
Now, as I was informed by the Secretary of
State on Saturday, the revenue from consular
fees exceeds the whole expenses of the consu-
lar system about one hundred and thirty thou-
sand dollars in gold, which is paid into the
Treasury. In addition to that these frauds
have ceased, and more than twenty million
dollars a year in gold have been saved to the
Treasury from this new system. After its
adoptiou it became the dnty of each consul to
become thoroughly conversant with every man-
ufacture which took place in the district to
i which he was accredited. For example, a con-
i sul in Germany had to become acquainted with
i all the products of Germany, and become con-
versant with the values of the invoices to which
he should certify. In France he became con-
versant with the qualities and values of silks
and wines, and in England with all the varied
products of English industry. The bills were
all signed in duplicate, and in case a fraud was
discovered or a fraud was attempted the ori-
ginal invoice was sent to the consul, and it was
i| his duty to investigate and see if there was a
; fraud, he having one of the original certified
j bills.
jj As I said before, under this new system, from
; a burden on the Treasury, the consular service
; has become not only self-sustaining, but now
j pays an annual tribute to the Treasury of the
jj United States of something like one hundred
'i and thirty thousand dollars in gold, and the
ii Treasury has been benefited to the amount of
over twenty million dollars. And yet, sir, not-
withstanding this improvement upon the con-
sular system, the Senator from Iowa now pro-
poses to change it. He proposes that line
officers of the Navy on the retired list, not be-
low the rank of commander, may be appointed
to consulates.
COTTON TAX.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The time
has arrived when it is the duty of the Chair to
call up the unfinished business of the last, sit-
ting of the Senate, which is the bill (H. R. No.
207) to provide for the exemption of cotton
from internal tax.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state in regard to
that matter that on exam ini ng the rules and con-
versing with the Chief Clerk I am advised that
the motion I made in regard to this bill is not
in accordance with the rules or practice of the
Senate. I propose, therefore, with the consent
of the body to ask at once for a committee of
conference, as the shortest way of getting at the
question. I move that the Senate insist on its
amendments to the cotton tax bill, and ask for
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses. That will not give rise to any
debate, and we may as well take the vote now.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tlie ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio
wi th regard to House bill No. 207.
The motion was agreed to; and the President
pro tempore being authorized to appoint the
committee, Messrs. Sherman, Coxkling, and
Morrill of Vermont were appointed.
CONSULAR APPOINTMENTS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 74) in relation
to consular appointments.
Mr. CHANDLER. I say, Mr. President,
that, notwithstanding the state of things which
I have explained, the Senator from Iowa now
makes a proposition to authorize the President
to appoint line officers of the Navy on the re-
tired list, not below the rank of commander,
as consuls. Why this provision is confined to
line officers I am unable to say. Officers not
in the line might possibly be conversant with
business affairs. For example, paymasters
are compelled to purchase supplies for the
ships, mingle somewhat in commercial trans-
actions, and might in some cases be fitted for
the performance of these duties. Engineers
would be far better fitted than line officers, and
even surgeons and clergyman would be better
fitted tliau the line officers, and why the reso-
lution should be confined to line officers is to
me a mystery. I think, if there is to be a selec-
tion from any class of naval retired officers, it
should be from the paymasters, as the fittest
class iu the Navy.
But, Mr. President, it is perfectly evident
from the remarks of the Senator that he at
present misapprehends the case. He says:
"Now, as to the other point. The only question
between the Senator and tiie Committee on Naval
Affairs is this: a navaloiiicer is a man who was taken
when he wim a youth and educated for the service of
his country, instructed ulf yie N aval Academy in in-
ternational law; during a service ot twenty or twenty-
five years he has mingled among gentlemen, both in
our own country and abroad; it is his business to
understand the commercial laws, for that is a part of
i tae prolession of a naval officer, and he is sent abroad
for the purpose of enforcing them; and We think tlxat
competent men may be selected from that branch of
the service to perform consular duty. AVe think that
is a very good school in which to prepare them lor
these consulates. The Senator, on the other hand,
imagines that a proper school is to be furnished per-
haps in hisown State.perhaps in the tratlic in whisky,
in shingles and white iish on the classic banks of
Saginaw, or in trappingou the Upper Peninsula, with
I an opportunity occasionally to mingle in the polite
! society of Mackinaw, where the trapper will go an-
nually to exchange his skins lor a new supply of fish-
! hooks and traps and whisky. That is the issue. I
leave it with the Senate."
Now, sir, it is perfectly evident to me that
that good old individual, so dearly beloved and
deeply mourned in song and story for hundreds
of years, never died at all. He lived in the
time of the ancient Vikings, when a naval
commander's duties were multifarious. He
could not only cut a throat and scuttle a ship
neatly, but he was the merchant of those days.
He was in the habit of sacking towns and car-
rying the products of his piracies to the mar-
kets of the world. He knew the value of
everything which pertained to household ef-
fects, from a hoop-skirt—if they used them in
the days of the Vikings—to the most elaborate
article of chamber furniture. He knew the
value of every article of wearing apparel. He
knew the value of every article of household
furniture. He was .the merchant of those days,
and it is not surprising that the Senator from
Iowa should not understand, as he has been
asleep from that day to this, that there has
been any change.
But, sir, he did awake once. About the
time the Jesuits took Mackinaw the Senator
awoke from his long slumber, and looked in
upon Mackinaw and Saginaw and upon the
Upper Peninsula. He found that into Mack-
inaw the Indians came to traffic their furs for
a new supply of fish-hooks and traps. It. was
so, sir. He has described the condition of
Mackinaw to a single iota as it was at the time
when he was on the earth. Since that time,
however, a thousand millions of commerce a
year pass by Mackinaw. But what does he
know about it? He has not lived, at least
has not been awake, since that time, and ha
