512
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 25
40tii Coxg .... 2d Sess.
Laws of the. United States.
and delivery of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, is
hereby extended so as to include within its
boundaries the whole consolidated city of
Philadelphia.
Approved, June '2-5, 18G8.
Chap. LXXVI.—An Act to amend an Act,
entitled '"An Act to provide for carrying the
Mails fiom the United States to Foreign
Ports, and for other purposes," approved
March twenty-five, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four.
Be it enacted ly the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the operation of the
fourth section of an act to provide for carry-
ing the mails of the United States to foreign
ports, and for other purposes, approved March
twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
shall cease and determine on and after the
thirtieth day of September, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight.
Approved, June 20, 1868.
Chap. LXXVII.—An Act relative to filing
Reports of Railroad Companies.
Beit enacted by the Senate and Ilovse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the reports required
to be made to the Secretary of the Treasury
on or before the first day of J uly of each year,
by the corporations created by or entitled to
subsidies under the provisions of an act en-
titled "An act to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from the Missouri
river to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the
Government the use of the same for postal,
military, and other purposes,'" approved July
first, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and the
acts supplemental to and amendatory thereof,
shall hereafter be made to the Secretary of
the Interior, on or before the first day of
October of each year. Said reports shall
furnish full and specific information upon the
several points mentioned in the twentieth
section of the said act of eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, and shall be verified as therein
prescribed, and on failure to make the same
as herein required, the issue of bonds Or pat-
ents to the company in default shall bo sus-
pended. until the requirements of this act shall
be complied with by such company. And the
reports hitherto made to the Secretary of the
Treasury under the said act of J uly first, eight-
een hundred and sixty-two, shall be transferred
and delivered by him to the Secretary of the
Interior to be filed by him.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
corporations created by the provisions of the
acts of Congress approved July second, eight-
een hundred and sixty-four, and July twenty-
seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, and
known as the Northern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, and the Southern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, shall make reports to the Secretary of
the Interior on or before the first of October
of each year, as are required to be made by
the Union Pacific railroad and branches, under
the provisions of the first section of this act,
and on failure so to do, shall be subject to the
like suspension.
Sec. o. And be it further enacted, That the
reports required from the commissioners ap-
pointed to examine and report in relation to
the road of any of the corporations whereto
reference is made in this act, shall be addressed
to and filed in the Department of the Interior ;
and all such reports heretofore made shall be
transferred to and filed in said Department of
the Interior ; and so much of any and all acts
as requires any reports from such companies,
or any officers thereof, to be made to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, is hereby repealed.
Six'. i. And be if farther enacted, That, in
addition to the eight subjects referred to in
section, twenty cf "the act of July, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, to be reported upon,
there shall also be furnished annually to the
Secretary of the Interior all reports of engi-
neers, superintendents, or other officers who
make annual reports to any of said railroad
companies.
Approved, June 2">, 1808.
Chap. LXXYI1I.—An Act appropriating
Money to sustain the Indian Commission,
and carry out Treaties made thereby.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That for the purpose of
carrying out treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes, and defraying the expenses and
disbursements made by the commission author-
ized by the act of July twenty, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, entitled "An act to es-
tablish peace with certain hostile Indian tribes
during the year eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight." lite sum of one hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars is hereby appiopriated out of any
money in the Tieasnrv not otherwise appro-
priated. to be expended under the direction of
said commission.
Approved, June 25, 1868.
Ch.u>. LXXIX.—An Act to change the Times
of holding the District and Circuit Courts of
the United States in the several Districts in
the State of Tennessee.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the circuit and dis-
trict courts for the district of East Tennessee
shall hereafter be held at ltnoxville, on the
second Mondays of January and July in each
year; and for the district of Middle Tennessee,
at Nashville, on the third Mondays of April
and October of each year; and for the district
of West Tennessee, at Memphis, on the fourth
Mondays of May and November of each year;
and that all recognizances, indictments, or
other proceedings, civil and criminal, now
pending or returnable in said courts, shall be
entered in court and be heard and tried accord-
ing to the times of holding said courts as herein
provided. This act shall take effect from and
after the first Monday in July, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-eight.
Approved, June 25, 18C8.
Cjiav. TjXXX.—An Act to amend an Act enti-
tled ''An Act granting Lands to aid in the
Construction of a Railroad and Telegraph
Line from the Central Pacific Railroad, in
California, to Portland, in Oregon."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That section six of an act J
entitled "An act granting lands to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph lino
from the Central Pacific raiboad, in Califor-
nia, to Portland, in Oregon," approved July
twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
be so amended as to provide that instead of !
the times now fixed in said section, the first I
section of twenty miles of said railroad and ;
telegraph shall be completed within eighteen |
months from the passage of this act, and at i
least twenty miles in each two years thereafter. ;
and the whole on or before the first day of i
July, anno Do mini eighteen hundred and eighty, i
Approved, June 25, 1868. j
Cii.u'. LXXXI.—An Act relating to the Su-
preme Court of the United States. ;
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of -Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in case of a vacancy
in the office of Chief Justice of the Supreme ;
Court of the United States, or of his inability
to discharge the powers and duties of the saiu
office, the same shall devolve upon the asso-
ciate justice of said court whose eomtisisMon
is senior in time, until such inability shall be
removed or another appointment shall be duly
made and the person so appointed shall be duly
qualified, and this act shall apply to every per-
son succeeding to the office of Chief Justice
pursuant to its provisions.
Approved, June 25, 1808,
Cir.vr. LXXXII.—An Act to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to Change the Names
of certain Vessels.
Be it enacted, by the Senate mid House of Rep-
resent atives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury bo, and hereby is. authorized to change
the name of the yacht " W. W. Abell," owned
by James Lloyd Greene, of Norwich, Connecti-
cut, administrator of the estate of Benjamin D.
Greene, late of said Norwich, deceased, and
John Jeffries, jr., of Boston. Massachusetts, to
that of " Ethel and also to change the name
of the yacht- " L'Hirondeile," owned by James
Gordon Bennette. jr., of the city of New York,
to that of '' Dauntless," and to grant said ves-
sels registers in said respective names; the said
vessels being pleasure yachts only, and not
engaged iucommercial or other business.
Appr-oved, June 2-5, 1808.
Ciiap. CXYII.—An Act relating to Contested
Elections in the City of Washington, District
of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That whenever any person
has received or shall hereafter receive a certifi-
cate from the register of the city of Washington,
based upon satisfactory evidence furnished by
the commissioners of election, notifying him
of his election to any elective office of said city,
the person receiving such notification shall lie
entitled to enter upon the discharge of the
duties of his office, and the certificate of the
register shall be prima facie evidence of his
election to, and right to discharge the duties
of, said office.
Sf.p. 2. And. he it further enacted, That any
person who shall hinder or obstruct a person
holding the certificate of election mentioned in
the foregoing section from entering upon or
discharging the duties of such office, shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon
conviction thereof, in any court of competent
jurisdiction, shall be fined in any sum not ex-
ceeding one thousand dollars, or be imprisoned
in the county jail not exceeding six months, or
both said punishments, in the discretion of the
court.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
supreme court of the District of Columbia, or
any judge thereof, shall have jurisdiction to
enforce, by mandamus, or otherwise, the right
of any person holding the certificate mentioned
in the first section of this act.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That any
person who claims, or shall hereafter claim, to
be elected to any elective office in said city,
may commence proceedings before the said
supreme court of the District of Columbia, by
petition setting forth the facts upon which he
relies, and shall serve a copy on the incumbent
or person who has received the certificate of
election ; and the person so served shall make
answer to said petition within five days; and
said court shall thereupon try the rights of the
parties to said office in a summary manner:
and for that purpose a special session shall be
called and he'd whenever necessary for the
purposes of such trial; and the decision of said
court in any case so brought before it shall l,e
final and conclusive. And when the legal
organization of the board of aldermen or board
of common council shall be delayed on account
of any contest i:i relation to the eiec'ion of any
member of either of said boards, the major of
said city is hereby authorized to make tempo-
rary appointments of all subordinate officers
whose appointment or election is authorized
