4060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
huve another call for a larger amount next
year, and there will be no end to the demands
made upon us. Hence I say here to-day when
we have this matter before us, while we do jus-
tice to those pupils whom we are bound to edu-
cate let us do justice to the people by prevent-
ing this squandering of their money in the
way in which it has been done, in my judg-
ment, heretofore.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, I hope the
House will bear with the learned gentleman
from Illinois, for he means well in his course
on this matter as he does in all his opposition
to appropriations by Congress. But he is so
morbidly constituted that he cannot make any
distinction between an appropriation necessai'y
and requisite to be made and one which is
improper. He does not know, he does not
realize, that while—
"Theprimal duties shine aloft, like stars;
The charities that soothe and heal and bless
Are scattered at the feet of man like flowers."
My friend has made it during this whole ses-
sion of Congress his principal aim to destroy
this appropriation bill which is intended for
the benefit of the deaf and dumb, the poor
mutes to the number of about a hundred assem-
bled here in the District from all the States
and Territories of this great Union, and he
says that we must cut it down because it is a
private institution, a private corporation. Mr.
Speaker, I deny that it is a private institution.
I acknowledge that it had its origin in the day
of small things. It had its origin in private
munificence, but it could not go upon the dona-
tions of private charity for six short months.
Congress was obliged at once to interpose, and
when it authorized these few charitable indi-
viduals in the District of Columbia to collect
these poor, forsaken, stricken objects of hu-
manity together and attempt to make their lot
more endurable, Congress agreed to pay $150
for every deaf mute collected from the District
of Columbia, and also the sons of men in the
Army and Navy. They afterward, and within
the first six months, found that this provision
would not answer, and they passed an act of
Congress amendatory of the act of incorpora-
tion, assigningforfiveconsecutiveyears, $3,000
a year out of the national Treasury to pay the
expenses of the officers and students of the
institution. That was paid for some three years,
and then it was found that this sum was not
sufficient. Then it was that Congress passed
another act. And here I would say to the
gentleman from Illinois, that he mustnot com-
plain of the founders of this institution, not
of its trustees, not of its officers and agents;
but ho must complain of the Senate and House
of Representatives, and the various Presidents
who have approved of these acts. In 1862 an
act was passed, and I have it here, amend-
atory of the first act incorporating the deaf
and dumb institution and essentially making
it an institution of the United States ; and for
the truth of this, after having read it, I will
appeal to the good judgment of every man
within the sound of my voice. The act is as
follows:
An act to amend an act to incorporate the Columbia
Institution for the Instruction of the Doaf and
Dumb.
Br. (Unacted, rf-n., That the sum of $4,400per annum,
payable quarterly, shall be allowed for the payment
of salaries and incidental expenses of said institution,
and tho sura of $1,400 is hereby appropriated fur that
purpose out of any moneys in the Treasury not oth-
erwise appropriated for the fiscal year ending June
SO, 1863.
Sec. 2. And he it further enacted. That the sum of
$9,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out
of any moseys in tho Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated for tho ercetion, furnishing, and fitting up of
two additions to the building ofsaid association.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all receipts
and disbursements under this aet shall bo reported
to the Secretary of the Interior, as required in the
sixth section of the act of which this is an amend-
ment.
The very first act required that reports should
be made annually to the Secretary of the In-
terior. The agent for the expenditure of the
money appropriated from time to time by Con-
gress is required to give bonds to the Secretary
of the Interior.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How
much ?
Mr. SPALDING. Idonotcare. They can
be given in any amount the Secretary sees fit
to require. I am proud to say that there is no
complaint that one half dollar has ever been
lost through the misconduct of the principal of
this institution. No man dares impute to him
any want of faith or honesty. Nay, the Secre-
tary of the Interior in his famous report, of
which my friend avails himself, says that if this
be not a private institution, and if it be such an
one as Congress sees fit to foster and encour-
age, no more faithful officers can be found in
the United States of America than those who
have been intrusted with the care of this insti-
tution for the deaf and dumb of the District of
Columbia.
Now, further, Congress for a series of years
appropriated this sum of $4,400 under this
permanent law, and then found it necessary
to appropriate a still larger sum. They also
added to the capacity of the institution by pro-
viding that it should have power to confer col-
legiate degrees; and a branch of the institu-
tion was established for the instruction of
teachers for deaf and dumb institutions in
other States. Now, it is of this that the gen-
tleman mainlv complains.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We want
to get at the truth.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope the gentleman
will not interrupt me. ITe has had the advan-
tage from the very first of the session up to this
time; and I have given him two thirds of my
time to-day.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I want to
ask the gentleman a question.
Mr. SPALDING. I do not want to hear
the question; I do not consent to be inter-
rupted for any such purpose.
There are now in this institution more than
one hundred deaf mutes, collected from the
different States of the Union, and there are
thirty-five puoils in the collegiate department
of the institution. I have here somewhere a
statement showing the different States from
which they come.
And let mo say here that there are young
men in this collegiate department, deaf mutes,
who would put to shame the most astute and
learned man to be found here. I would not
be ashamed of them if put in competition with
any m;-m in the Senate or in the House ; these
poor deaf mutes, some of whom have been
instructed in this institution for only twelve
months in the higher branches of philosophy
and mathematics. I have seen the experiment
tried, and I know it to be so. There are thirty-
five of these pupils from the different States in
the collegiate department of this institution,
as follows: from Maine, two; New Hamp-
shire, one; Massachusetts, one; Connecticut,
two; Vermont, one; New York, two; Pennsyl-
vania, six; Maryland, two; Ohio, two; Michi-
gan, four: Illinois, one; Wisconsin, four; Iowa,
two; District of Columbia, two; and from
England, one. There are about seventy in the
other branches, the primary department of the
institution. Some of them, perhaps thirty of
them, are those contemplated by the first law
enacted upon this subject; deaf and dumb
children of people here in the District of Co-
lumbia, and deaf and dumb children of officers
in tho Army and the Navy. In addition to
those there are deaf mutes from Maryland who
actually pay for their board in the institution.
Butl must be concise. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washbur^e] says the expenses
of this institution amount to over seven thou-
sand dollars each for all the boys and girls that
the Government is bound to take careof in this
institution. Now, will the House believe me
when I toll them that in order to make out his
candid argument my friend from Illinois has
charged over to these deaf and dumb pupils all
the expenses of the institution? Ho takes into
account all the expenses of the land, the build-
ings, apparatus, and everything in connection
with the institution for all time past and all
time to come; he charges it all over, and di-
vides the round sum by the number of pupils
the Government has to take care of.
Mr. WASHB URNE, of Illinois. Is not that
fair?
Mr. SPALDING. Will any man say that it
is fair? Suppose the gentleman charged all
this over to the first five or ten pupils that
entered the institution, how much would it cost
them ?
There was laid awhile ago on the table of
each member, a statement showing^ the whole
amount of appropriations to this institution.
For all purposes there have been appropriated
the sum of $321,82-1 52 during the past eleven
years. Of that sum there have been appro-
priated for the current expenses of the insti-
tution $104,401 50; leaving a balance ex-
pended for grounds, buildings, furniture, and
fixtures of $217,383. That property is all vis-
ible, is all tangible here. It is estimated that
that very property is worth at this time at least
$270,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Whose
is it?
Mr. SPALDING. There again is a speci-
men of the gentleman's fairness. He came in
here with the report of a minority committee.
There were in fact but three members of the
committee who objected to this appropriation.
One of them, the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Blaine,] signs the report with the express
reservation that he does not object to the ap-
propriation provided the property be put under
the control of Congress. Now, sir, this bill
is specially framed for the very purpose ot
obviating the gentleman's objections, and he
knows it. It was draivn up for that very pur-
pose by a majority of the committee; and by
that majority I was authorized to report it and
advocate its passage as obviating those objec-
tions. The bill by its terms appropriates $3,000
which has been called for by the Secretary ot
the Interior as a deficiency, to pay for the
increased expense of maintaining nine or ten
pupils from the different States who were ad"-
mitted into the institution under the law ol
March 2, 1867. That amount is due, as every
one admits. The institution has now one large
building completed; and there is a central
building which has been carried up one story
or one story and a half; but it is going to decay
for the want of this appropriation. By the bill
we propose to appropriate §48,000 for com-
pleting that building, so that it may furnish
accommodations for the poor youth for whose
benefit the institution is designed. Those are
the two items of appropriation contained in
the bill, $3,000 for a deficiency which, as the
Secretary of the Interior states, is justly due;
and $48,000 for the purpose of carrying on to
completion the building, the foundation of
which has been laid, and whfch has been car-
ried to the height of a story and a half.
The gentleman from Illinois has complained
that Congress has no control over the manage-
ment of this institution. Now, sir, the direct-
ors have passed a resolution unanimously
agreeing that Congress may, if it sees tit, pro-
vide for choosiug three or more directors, to
be members of the board, and to have a voice
in the management of all the affairs of the
institution. In accordance with that propo-
sition, the second section provides—
That, in addition to tile directors whose appoint-
ment has heretoforo been provided for by law, there
shall be three other directors appointed m the k>l-
lowing manner: One Senator by the President of
the Senate, and two Representative? by the Speaker
of tho House; these directors to hold their othces lor
the term of a single Congress, and to bo eligible to a
reappointment.
The third section meets the objection which
has been raised that these donations made by
Congress may be wasted. It provides—
That no part of the real or personal property now
held or hereafter to be acquired by the said institu-
tion shall be devoted to any other purpose than tho
education of the deaf aud dumb, nor suail any por-
tion of the real estate be aliened, sold, or conveyed,
except under the authority of a special aet of Con-
gress.
The board of directors have unanimously
accepted these provisions, and they agree to
the repeal of the provision contained in the
