1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to determine whether a thing is an article of
jewelry, or manufactured of gold and silver
ware exclusively ; as a watch chain, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McCORMICK. I move to reduce the
tax from ten dollars to five dollars. It seems
to me this is higher than it should be, especially
if the other section be stricken out.
The amendment was rejected.
No further amendmeut being offered, the
Clerk read the next paragraph, as follows:
Manufacturers of gold and silver ware, whose an-
nual sales exceed $1,009 and do not exceed $5,000,
shall each pay a tax of twenty-five dollars, and when
the annual sales exceed $5,000 shall pay, in addition,
live dollars l'or each $1,000 in excess of $5,000. Every
person who makes for sale any goods or wares of gold
or silver other than jewelry shall be regarded as a
manufacturer of gold and silver ware.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike out that
paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next para graph, as follows:
Manufacturers of fire-arms, whose annual sales
exceed $1,000 and do not exceed $5,000, shall each pay
a tax ol twenty-five dollars, and when the annual
sales exceed $5,000 shall pay, in addition, five dollars
for each SI,000 in excess of So,000. Every person who
makes for sale cannon, guns, pistols, or other fire-
arms, shall be regarded as a manufacturer of fire-
arms.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the next paragraph as follows :
Manufacturers of pianos, whose annual sales ex-
ceed 81,000 and do not exceed $5,000, shall each pay a
tax ol twenty-five dollars, and when the annual
sales exeeed$5,000shall pay, in addition, five dollars
for each §1,000 in excess of $5,000. Every person
who manufactures pianos,organs, melodeons, harps,
or other parlor musical instruments shall be regarded
as a manufacturer of pianos.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the next paragraph, as follows:
Manufacturers of billiard-tables, whose annual
sales exceed $1,000 and do not exceed $5,000, shall
each pay a tlx of twenty-five dollars, and when the
annual sales exceed $5,000 shall pay. in addition
ten dollars for each $1,000 in excess of $5,000.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the next paragraph, as follows:
Manufacturers of playing-cards,whose annu&Isales
do not exceed §5,000, shall each pay a tax of twenty -
fivo dollars, and when the annual sales exceed 85,000
shall pay, in addition, ten dollars for each SI,000 in
excess of 85,000.
Mr. ROBINSON. Are not playing-cards
taxed by a stamp duty?
Mr. SCHENCK. They are.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move to strike out this
paragraph.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is that business suffer-
ing ? I do not understand that it is suffering
in the United States.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman asks for
information, and it is proper the House should
understand how this matter stands. This busi-
ness of manufacturing playing-cards is specific-
ally taxed in another shape. By schedule C,
playing cards are required to pay five cents
for each pack. I understand that they cost
from eleven to forty cents a pack, and they
retail at from twenty cents to two dollars, or
even higher. The tax of five ccnts is without
reference to the price or quality upon every
pack of cards. Then the committee have pro-
posed in this bill a further tax on the business
of manufacturing playing-cards of twenty-five
dollars as a special tax, and a further tax on
the sales of one per cent. This is in addition
to the tax of five cents on each pack, which
is collected by stamps.
.This is an exceptional ease. It will be for
the House to determine whether a tax on sales
shall be added to the tax collected by stamps
upon each pack. It has been agreed to by
the committee only for the reason that we have
supposed that this was one of those luxuries
that it might be well to tax to any extent that
it would reasonably bear, even though it should
increase the price of the article, because it is
a proper subject of high taxation.
The only question with the committee, with
me at least, was this: whether by taxing it
very high, in two-or three different ways, we
might not promote the use of cards for a
longer time or more frequently, and a less fre-
quent change of the decks, so as to defeat in
some degree the object of securing a large
revenue. My object, for one, is to strike just
that line of tax that will produce the greatest
amount of revenue from this article.
Mr. ROBINSON. I have offered thisamend-
ment because this, which seems to be as re-
spectable an occupation as any other, has been
singled out for a triplicate tax. It is taxed
first on the manufacture, then on the sales, and
again by stamps. I hardly know what my
distinguished friend from Tennessee meant
when he asked me some question about cards.
Mr. MAYNARD. The question I asked
was whether the interest of manufacturing
playing cards had languished at all.
Mr. ROBINSON. I am not quite sure, and
I think the question would apply with more
force to the gentleman from Tennessee. If I
am not misinformed, the history of that State
shows that those coming from that quarter
should be as well posted in card playing as any
body in Brooklyn. For myself, I can say
I have never played a game of cards in my life
and I do not know that I ever shall. I have
no interest at all in this question, only I see
the injustice of keeping this tax on a respect-
able portion of our manufacturers.
The amendment of Mr. Robinson was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. BARNES. I desire to amend this sec-
tion. I am opposed to making playing-cards
or any other article pay excise by the way of
stamps in addition to other taxes. I move to
strikeout "ten" and insert "twelve," making
a nominal addition to the tax for the purpose
of calling the attention of the committee to
this subject. I have heard no argument yet
advanced by the committee or by anybody on
this floor to justify this duplicate tax, or the
paying of a tax by stamps. When I have heard
an argument on that point I shall be very glad
to acknowledge the force of it, and if I can be
convinced of its propriety T shall be glad to do
all I can to expedite the passage of these differ-
ent sections of this tax bill. But I submit
unless there is some reason occult and difficult
to be understood which can be given, there is
no propriety in taxing this or a hundred other
articles in the manner now proposed, and then
seizing the article and compelling the manu-
facturer thereof to put upon it a stamp. It
seems to me the principle is so simple, and the
advantage of single taxation so easily under-
stood, that it ought not to require a single
word of explanation. With these remarks I
submit the amendment.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MILLER. I moveto strike ont "twenty-
five dollars" and insert "fifty dollars ;" so that
it will read, " shall each pay a tax of fifty dol-
lars." I think there is no subject of taxation
that deserves taxation more than this. The
manufacture of playing-cards is a nuisance,
and I hope it will be taxed to the utmost extent.
Mr. ALLISON. I oppose the amendment,
and ask for a vote upon it.
The question was taken on Mr. Miller's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows :
Proprietors of export warehouses for the storage of
distilled spirits, tobacco, or petroleum in bond, shall
each pay twenty-five dollars, and the person who
has the chief control of the premises occupied for
such warehouse purposes, either as owner or lessee
thereof, orotberwise, shall be deemed the proprietor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer the following
amendment from the Committee of Ways and
Means:
Page 116, striko out from and including the word
" export,'' in line five hundred and eighty-eight, to
and including the word "petroleum," on line five
hundred anil eighty-nine, as follows; " export ware-
houses for the storage of distilled spirits, tobacco,
and petroleum," and insert in lieu thereof the words
" United States bonded warehouses for the storage
of articles ; " so that the paragraph will read as fol-
°Proprietors of United States bonded warehouses
for the storage of artieles in bond, shall each pay
twenty-five dollars, and the person who has the chief
control of the premises occupied for such warehouse
purposes, either as owner or lessee thereof, or other-
wise, shall be deemed the proprietor.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out-the word "articles " and
inserting " merchandise " in lieu thereof.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The amendment of the Committee of Ways
and Means was then agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire any discussion
about this question, but I want to have an
understanding with the Committee of Ways and
Means, inasmuch as I may differ with them,
whether or not I shall be permitted, at the
proper time, to return to these sections and
offer an amendment in reference to all of them.
If so, I have nothing further to say. If not, I
desire to propose an amendment now to this
paragraph.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. LOGAN. Then I move to strike out
the word "proprietors." I am very much
surprised at the objection of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, because he knows my views in
reference to this matter and I think the views
of the House, and really the views of the com-
mittee when they first met. I offer this amend-
ment because all through the law we find bonded
warehouses—the very thing that we have been
striking at from the commencement of this
session of Congress—in reference to whisky and
other articles. The object of this provision is
to assess upon the person who is the owner or
proprietor of a bonded warehouse a tax of
twenty-five dollars. By indirection this author-
izes the establishment of bonded warehouses.
It will not do to say that this paragraph
applies to warehouses connected with the cus-
toms of the country, because it does not, nor
is it so intended. There is a law already in
existence, which this bill does not repeal,
which is full and sufficient so far as customs
warehouses are concerned. If the gentleman
will consent to so amend the paragraph as that
it shall apply only to the custom-house ware-
houses and exclude the idea of reestablishing
bonded warehouses all over the country, I
am willing to agree to that; but this is an in-
direct way of establishing again the system of
frauds that existed in this country for the last
few years. Gentlemen will see that it is so if
this law goes into effect. I will modify my
amendment, and move to amend the paragraph
so that it shall read " proprietors of United
States customs warehouses for the storage of
merchandise," &c. That will exclude the
idea of these bonded whisky shops and apply
it only to the warehouses necessary to the col-
lection of the customs of the country.
Mr. SCHENCK. I regret exceedingly that
the occupation, absorbing as it was, of our col-
leagueupon theeommittee prevented him from
being present when this bill was being framed.
If he had been, and had had an opportunity
of understanding the bill in its different parts
as we progressed with it, I know he would not
stand here imputing directly, or indirectly, in
any way an intention on the part of the com-
mittee of which he is a member——
Mr. LOGAN. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. I have not intended to impute any such
thing to the committee, nor do I desire to im-
pute any such thing.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is enough. 1 mis-
apprehended thegentleman, then, when I sup-
posed he thought that was the effect of our
legislation.
Mr. LOGAN. I think that is the effect of
it; but I do not say that was the design of the
committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. What is proposed ? That
proprietors of United States bonded ware-
houses, a very profitable business, shall each
pay twenty-five dollars internal tax. That is
the whole of it. Now, who will be afreeted
by that? Everyman who is the proprietor of
a United States bonded warehouse for the use
of the custom-house ; every one who is the
proprietor of a distinct distillery warehouse.
And if we have export warehouses for distilled
spirits, tobacco, oil, or anything else to be
exported from the country, then this provision
will apply to them. If we have no such ware-
