1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
513
Laws of the United States.
40th Cos-g. ... 2d Sess.
by the said mayor and members of said boards
under existing laws, to continue until said
boards shall be legally organized.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
B. P. WADE,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
Indorsed by the President : " Received June
16, 1808."
[Note by the Department op State.—The
foregoing act having been presented to the
President of the United States for his approval,
and not having been returned by him to the
House of Congress in which it originated
within the time prescribed by the Constitution
of the United States, has become a law with-
out his approval.]
Chap. CXVIII.—An Act for holding Terms
of the District Court of the United States for
the Southern District of Illinois at the City
of Cairo, in said State.
Be it. enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, in addition to the
terms of the district court of the United States
for the southern district of Illinois, now re-
quired by law to be held at the city of Spring-
field, terms of said court shall hereafter be
held at the city of Cairo, in said State, com-
mencing on the first Mondays of March and
October in each year.
Approved, July 3, 1868.
Chap. CXXXI.—An Act confirming the Title
to a Tract of Land in Burlington, Iowa.
Be itenactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all of the title of the
United States in and to a certain tract of land
in the city of Burlington, Des Moines county,
in the State of Iowa, described as being west
of lot number nine hundred and seventy-eight
in said city, south of Valley street, west of
Boundary street, and north of Market street,
and which was originally reserved from sale
by the United States and dedicated to public
burial purposes, be. and the same is hereby,
confirmed to and vested in the "Independent
School District" of said city, to be forever
dedicated to and used by said school district
for public school purposes, and for no other
use or purpose whatever.
Approved, July 4, 1868.
Chap. CXXX1V.—An Act to authorize the
Construction of a Bridge over the Black
river, in Lorain county, Ohio. -
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That it shall be lawful for
the county commissioners of the county of
Lorain and State of Ohio to.build a bridge
across the Black river near the village of Black
River, in said county, at the point whore the
county road leading east from said village
crosses said stream: Provided, That there shall
be placed in said bridge a draw of not less
than one hundred and forty feet in width, with
a center abutment not to exceed twenty-five
feet wide and ten feet above the water-line,
leaving a passage oil each side of the abut-
ment of not less than fifty-seven feet in width,
and so constructed as not to impede the navi-
gation of said river, and allow the easy pass-
age of vessels through said bridge.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
right to alter or amend this act, so as to pre-
vent or remove all material obstructions to
the navigation of said river by the construc-
tion of said bridge, is hereby expressly
reserved.
Approved, July 6, 1868.
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 33-
Chap. CXXXV.—An Act to continue the
Bureau for the Relief of Freedmen and
Refugees, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That the act entitled "An
act to establish a Bureau for the Relief of Freed-
men and Refugees," approved March three,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, and the act
entitled "An act to continue in force and to
amend 'An act to establish a Bureau for the
Relief of Freedmen and Refugees,' and for other
purposes," passed on the sixteenth day of
July, anno Domini eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, shall continue in force for the term of one
year from and after the sixteenth of July, in
the year one thousand eight hundred and sixty-
eight, excepting so far as the same shall be
herein modified. And the Secretary of War is
hereby directed to reestablish said bureau where
the same has been wholly or in part discontinued:
Provided, [That] he shall be satisfied that the
personal safety of freedmen shall require it.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That it
shall be the duty of the Secretary of War to
discontinue the operations of the bureau in
any State whenever such State shall be fully
restored in its constitutional relations with the
Government of the United States, and shall
be duly represented in the Congress of the
United States, unless, upon advising with the
Commissioner of the bureau, and upon full
consideration of the condition of freedmen's
affairs in such State, the Secretary of War
shall be of opinion that the further continuance
of the bureau shall be necessary: Provided,
however, That the educational division of said
bureau shall not be affected, or in any way
interfered with, until such State shall have
made suitable provision for the education of
the children of freedmen within said State.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That un-
expended balances in the hands of the Com-
missioner, not required otherwise for the due
execution of the law, may be, in the discre-
tion of the Commissioner, applied for the edu-
cation of freedmen and refugees, subject to
the provisions of laws applicable thereto.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That offi-
cers of the Veteran Reserve corps or of the vol-
unteer service, now on duty in the Freedmen's
Bureau as assistant commissioners, agents, med-
ical officers, or in other capacities, who have
been or may be mustered out of service, may
be retained by the Commissioner, when the
same shall be required for the proper execu-
tion of the laws, as officers of the bureau, upon
such duty and with the same pay, compensa-
tion, and all allowances, from the date of their
appointment, as now provided by law for their
respective grades and duties at the dates of
their muster-out and discharge; and such offi-
cers so retained shall have, respectively, the
same authority and jurisdiction as now con-
ferred upon "officers of the bureau" by act
of Congress passed on the sixteenth of July,
in the year eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
Commissioner is hereby empowered to sell for
cash, or by installments with ample security,
school buildings and other buildings con-
structed for refugees and freedmen by the
bureau, to the associations, corporate bodies,
or trustees who now use them for purposes of
education or relief of want, under suitable
guaranties that the purposes for which such
buildings were constructed shall be observed :
Provided, That all funds derived therefrom
shall be returned to the bureau appropriation
and accounted for to the Treasury of the United
States.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
B. F. WADE,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
Indorsed by the President : "Received
June 24, 1868."
[Note by the Department op State.—The
foregoing act having been presented to the
President of the United States for his approval,
and not having been returned by him to the
House of Congress in which it originated within
the time prescribed by the Constitution of the
United States, has become a law without his
approval.]
Chap. CXXXVI.—An Act to Incorporate
the Congregation of the First Presbyterian
Church of Washington.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Francis H. Smith,
N. P. Chipman, Otis C. Wight, A. D. Robin-
son, Zenas C. Robbins, and their associates,
who are now, or may hereafter become mem-
bers of the congregation of the First Presby-
terian church of Washington, in the District
of Columbia, under the rules, regulations, or
by-laws of the same, be, and they are hereby,
created a body-corporate, under the name of
"The Congregation of the First Presbyterian
Church of Washington," and as such shall
have perpetual succession, may purchase, hold,
and convey personal and real estate, make
contracts, sue and be sued, plead and be im-
pleaded, and may generally exercise and enjoy
all such powers as are usually vested in cor-
porations, and as may be necessary or inci-
dent to sustaining religious worship, Sabbath
schools, missionary, and charitable enterprises
in the District of Columbia, and no others;
and said corporation shall be exempt from any
taxes to be assessed upon their corporate
property under the authority of Congress, or
of thecity or county of Washington: Provided,
That the value of all property so exempt shall
not exceed two hundred thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
title to any lands, buildings, and property here-
tofore conveyed to said congregation, or to
any person or persons for the use and benefit
of the same, or of the said First Presbyterian
church, is hereby vested in and confirmed to
said corporation.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be lawful for said congregation, at its
first meeting subsequent to the passage of this
act, to be held at such time and place as the
persons named in the first section of this act
may designate, by a majority of tha members
present, to adopt such by-laws as they may
deem expedient, regulating the government of
said corporation, prescribing the number, char-
acter, and duties of their officers, and the man-
ner of their election, defining the terms on
which persons may become, or cease to be,
members of said corporation, and providing
in all things for the holding and disposal and
conveyance of its real and personal estate,
and for the management of said congregation,
which by-laws may be amended or repealed
from time to time, under such regulations as
said congregation may adopt: Provided, That
no by-laws shall be adopted or remain in force
inconsistent with the Government and laws of
the United States, or with the constitution and
authority of the Presbyterian church in the
United States of America.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That Con-
gress reserves the right to alter, amend, or
abolish this charier at pleasure.
Approved, July 7, 1808.
Chap. CXXXVII.—An Act to amend section
five of an Act entitled "An Act concerning
the Registering and Recording of Ships or
Vessels," approved December thirty-one,
seventeen hundred and ninety-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That section five of an act
entitled "An act concerning the registering
and recording of ships or vessels," approved
December thirty-one, seventeen hundred and
