630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 20
i
on shore duty nor ®n active duty, but are
retired as being wholly unfit for naval duty,
to consulates or anything else. So that I sug-
gest to my honorable friend it is not a ques-
tion whether the Navy can spare these men
from the servico. The question is whether
the commerce of the country and whether
the foreign affairs of the country can afford to
take from the Navy men who are unfit for any
duty in that Department and make them the
agents for the commerce of a great country.
That is the question, and on that question I
object to the Committee on Naval Affairs as-
suming to foist men totally unfit for that branch
of public duty upon a service so important as
that which has been prosecuted by the com-
mercial agents of the country abroad.
There is another idea here which perhaps ,
will -illustrate tUis. I understand the great j
solicitude which my honorable friend the chair-
man of this committee has to take care of the '
Navy. It is commendable. I have always
applauded it. I like it. I like to see him
magnify his jurisdiction. I like to see -him
exalt the Navy. I like to see the interest he
evinces in taking care of that particular branch
of the public service; but I want him to be a
little careful how he magnifies his jurisdiction !
in other directions. What is naval I do not
propose to infringe upon, but what is commer-
cial 1 suggest to him he had better leave to the
jurisdiction of the committee that has special
control over it.
Now, let us see what the proposition of this
resolution is. It is to take men whom my
honorable friend from Indiana says can be
•pared from the naval service—men who are
totally unfit for the naval service, and who are
retired on what is called retired pay—and put
them into the consular service and doable their
pay. That is the inducement. That is what
my honorable friend from Iowa is trying to do.
He is trying to exalt the naval service. He is
trying to take these men who are unfit for ser-
vice and on a certain pay and double their
pay. That is commendable. Now, all we
ask—we do not prejudge his resolution—is,
that resolution having had the examination of
the Naval Committee, and they having deter-
mined that they can spare these men from the
naval service, that the Senate'send it to the
Committee on Commerce to see whether the
commerce of the country can afford to take
them and double their pay. I hope the Senate
will see the propriety of both committees, as,
to say the least of it, it is a complex ques-
tion 
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know upon
what authority the Senator thinks this resolu-
tion would double the pay of these officers?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Perhaps 1 have
■tated it extravagantly; but I mean to say this:
the resolution contemplates taking persons who
are retired from the naval service altogether on
a low pay and transferring them to this consular
service and giving them the pay of naval offi-
cers on shore duty. Perhaps it is not double ;
perhaps I am mistaken there; but that' it
increases the pay is sure. Now, let us see
what the shore-duty pay is. Rear admirals get
$4,000 shore-duty pay; retired pay, $2,000.
That is double. So I am right in that. Com-
modores on the-retired list get $1,800; they
receive $3,200 on shore duty—nearly double ;
captains, shore-duty pay, $2,800; retired pay,
$1,600; commanders, shore-duty pay, $2,200;
retired pay, $1,400. Perhaps I was a little
extravagant in saying double pay ; but that is
the increase; double in some instances, largely
increased in all.
I have said all I desire to say. I submit to
the Senate that the Committee on Naval Affairs
have properly enough considered the question
of whether they can afford to spare these offi-
cers from that service. The next question, a
great question and the one affecting the com-
merce of a great people is, whether we can
afford to take men unfit for that service and
give them double pay for this. That is the
question. That is commercial, wholly com-
mercial, and belongs to the committee on com-
mercial affairs, the Committee on Commerce;
and if the Senate do not pretend to ignore that (
committee, I should like to have my honorable 1
friend tell me how it is they can refuse to send
this resolution to us for examination?
Mr. NYE. When this controversy first com-
menced I enjoyed it. I supposed it was a mere
matter of sparring between the honorable chair-
man of our committee [Mr. Grimes] and my
friend on my right, [Mr. Chandler,] who felt
aggrieved at living in the State where 5lackinaw
was. [Laughter.] But, sir, it seems that this
has really become a serious matter. The dis-
tinguished Senator from Maine [Mr. Morrill]
takes up the cudgel, and if there had been any
doubt about it his manner has fully demon-
strated that he is in earnest. Now, sir, I hap-
pen to be a member of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and I am not quite disposed, even at
the very affirmative declaration of the Senator
from Maine, to sit silently and hear it said that
the Committee on Naval Affairs acted outside
their duty when they considered this question.
Neither am I satisfied with his reasoning, that
because a man has borne the burden of the
Navy, has fought the battles of his country, has
dared the danger of every climate and the dan-
gerous element of the sea until he is perhaps
disabled in limb in the service of his country,
he must be by the solemn assertion of the Sen-
ator from Maine set down as a fool in every
thing that does not pertain simply to the sail-
ing of a ship.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My honorable
friend does not pretend to represent me in that
way.
Mr. NYE. I am not going to misrepresent
you by any means. You denied most emphat-
ically that men reared in the Navy could know
what it was essential should be known by these
commercial agents abroad, to wit, the value of
goods, &c.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I beg the par-
don of my friend. 1 said no such thing.
Mr. NYE. I so understood you.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I said I denied
altogether that the Committee on Naval Affairs
were qualified to judge. That is what I said.
I was arraigning the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
Mr. NYE. That explanation is satisfactory,
so far as the officers are concerned, I think.
[Laughter.] It may not be quite satisfactory
in regard to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We will try
that.
Mr. NYE. I am very glad that the distin-
guished Senator has changed the onus of his
remark. Now, so fur as that is concerned,
judging from the fruits of the two committees
1 am prepared to submit to this body and to
the country which committee has judged most
wisely, if the persons that are sent abroad are
the fruits of the labor of the Committee on
Commerce. Who are they? What laurels
have they reaped? Some of them, to my
knowledge, are the merest pot-house politi-
cians that this country has produced, ana some
who have been sent have not stayed long
enough to warm themselves comfortably in
their position when their own interest forced
on tlicm the propriety of returning; nnd yet we
are told that through this crucible of the Com-
mittee on Commerce nothing but wisdom has
run. Look at your trophies and your fruits,
and judge! That you have had some good
ones there is no doubt; but that as good ones
could be selected, and with a great saving to
the country, is a fact I trust beyond contradic-
tion.
Who are these naval officers, and what is the
standard of judgment on which the Naval
Committee has acted? I understand the con-
sular duty to go beyond the mere fact of sign-
ing invoices of goods. I understand that many
of their duties are of the most delicate char-
acter and kind. Men to discharge them prop-
erly should be well versed in national and
international law. Frequently they are called
upon, in the absence of ministers, and in
places where we have no higher representa-
tives, to pass npon the most delicate questions,
pertaining not only to our commerce, but to
the friendly relations of the country.
Mr*. President, why should not the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs judge on sueh a matter as
this as well as the Committee on Commerce?
Certainly, barring myself, there are as intelli-
gent gentlemen upon that committee—you have
heard from two or three of them—as upon the
Committee on Commerce. But above all I
object that that committee shall be arraigned
and held up here by the Committee on Com-
merce for having performed their duty upon a
petition that was submitted to them, and made
a recommendation which the honorable Sena-
tor from Maine will at least say was entitled to
respectful treatment, even at the hands of the
Committee on Commerce. I have the highest
respect for the Committee on Commerce and
for their ability, and especially for that of the
honorable Senator; but 1 differ in the mode of
expression ; he has none at all lor the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, I did- not
say that. .
Mr. NYE. Fsubmit that if this question is
to be passed upon by the Senate it may as well
be passed upon on the recommendation of the
Committee on Naval Affairs as on the recom-
mendation of the Committee on Commerce.
My objection to this course is (and that is per-
sonal,) to allowing this Committee on Com-
merce alone, after the avowals they have made
of the estimation they hold the Committee on
Naval Affairs in, to sit in judgment on their
acts. I propose to take them mingled with the
rest of the Senate. I object, therefore, to this
resolution being referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I am one of
that unfortunate Committee on Naval Affairs
that has been so severely arraigned here this
morning, and but for that fact 1 should not
attempt to say a word about this joint resolu-
tion ; but I really think there is a very great
disturbance made about it here without any
necessity, and I think the question has hardly
been fairly met yet. It appears to me that
there is nothing in it but just this simple ques-
tion, whether some forty or fifty individuals,
citizens of the United States, or a part of
them, may be selected to perforin certain
consular duties, who are not now capable in
law of being selected for such duties. Here
are forty or fifty naval otlicers who, without
this affirmative action of Congress, cannot be
appointed to a consular position abioud. Now,
the question is not whether they are lit for that
position, because that would come up before
the Committee on Commerce when any one of
them should be nominated for the position by
the President. The question of personal fit-
ness, therefore, is not a matter to be discussed
here to-day ; the sole question is whether a
disability now existing bylaw shall be removed
from these individuals. The honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce says that
there is no disability by law. I allinn tlie fact
to be that the President of the United States
cannot, with the consent of the Senate, send a
naval officer abroad as a consul, for the reason
that, his first duty as a naval officer is to the
Navy, and he is liable to be ordered into the
naval service at any moment.
Mr. CHANDLER. With the consent of
the Senator from Missouri I desire to ask if
General Kilpatrick, an Army officer, was not
sent as minister to South America, and whether
several Army officers have not been so sent?
['• They resigned.''] So of course would na-
val officers be obliged to resign if appointed.
Of course a man cannot hold two offices; but
there is no disability. Any naval officer can
be appointed to any foreign consulate to-day.
Mr. GRIMES. But he cannot hold his com-
mission in the service at the same time.
Mr. DRAKE. Then if a naval officer can
be appointed to a foreign consulate to-day why
is the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce fighting this matter in the way he is?
What is the need of it? If this thing can be
