2014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
engaged in war with the New Mexicans and
had been for two hundred years; but they dis-
turbed no one else. The New Mexicans are a
people not much superior to the Navajoes, and
the Government might as well have permitted
them to fight it out, as they had done for cen-
turies before we got possession of the Territory.
_ Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, a new
light seems to dawn upon our minds in refer-
ence to these Navajo Indians; and now it is
proposed to do, as it seems from this bill, what
it has been regarded as wholly unsafe to do for
all the time that these Indians have been con-
fined upon this reservation. I remember, since
I have been in Congress, that the proposition
to remove these Indians and restore them to
their former homes has been discussed, and it
was argued that it would not do to put them
back in their former place of residence, because
they were a warlike tribe of Indians; they were
always at war before they were captured; and
if they were put back there and left free from
the control of the Federal Government they
would renew hostilities upon the white people;
that the nation would be involved in a war with
them, and consequently be subjected to im-
mense expenditures in recapturing this great
and powerful tribe of Indians. That has been
the argument that has heretofore been urged,
I think, every year—at any rate since I have
been here—in favor of keeping these Indians
upon a reservation, because it was unsafe to
allow them to resume their former habits and
modes of savage life.
Mr. KAMSEY. I should like to ask the
Senator from Oregon what was the cause of
the wars between the Navajoes and New Mex-
icans for centuries? Was it not because the
New Mexicans were in the habit of carrying
off' the women and children of the Navajoes
into slavery?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I know nothing as to the
causes of the war that is said to have existed
between these Indians and other people. But
it has been said, and I suppose it is an histori-
cal fact, that there were continued hostilities
between these Indians and the white people by
whom they were surrounded or the Mexicans;
that they were constantly making inroads up-
on the Mexicans and the Mexicans upon them,
and so a state of war was perpetuated. And
now, if this war should be renewed, we should
inherit it., because New Mexico belongs to us,
and the nation would be compelled to defray
the expenses of the war.
Sir, I protest here against ever restoring
these Indians to their former homes with the
same rights and privileges and freedom which
they formerly enjoyed; for, notwithstanding the
honorable Senator from Missouri, in his visit
to the Indians on the Plains last summer, dis-
covered that they were an amiable and pa-
cific people, I undertake to predict that ifthose
Indians are put back in their old country not
many years will elapse before this nation will
be required to muster its armies to capture
them again and put them upon some reserva-
tion where they can be secured, and where the
white people can be protected from their sav-
age inroads and attacks.
The Senator from Missouri begs us not to
express our views upon the Indian policy of
the Government, and I do not propose to do
so at the present time, although he has taken
occasion himself upon this bill to indicate, if
not expressly to say, that all the Indian hos-
tilities that have occurred upon the Western
Plains and the frontiers of this country are
chargeable, if not to the Army of the United
States, to the white people. I simply wish, as
I suppose this bill will pass, to say that I
do not acquiesce in the views and opinions
that have been expressed by the honorable
chairman of the committee. I do not enter-
tain the same opinion of the excellent and re-
liable qualities of the Indians which he seems
to entertain. These same Indians that the
honorable Senator met, and who appeared to
be so peaceable and kind at the time, in the
presence of a power of which they were afraid,
would, if they found a defenseless home, mur-
der the women and children and burn their
residence in many cases, as the history of this
country proves.
Indians are a treacherous race of people,
and it is only by the exercise and presence of
power that they can be preserved in a peace-
able disposition toward the whitepeople of this
country. I believe in treating them justly and
fairly. But, if the history of this country has
demonstrated anyone fact, ithas demonstrated
that it is necessary that this nation should de-
termine some policy in reference to the Indians.
Now, sir, a treaty is made with an Indian
tribe, and they agree to certain propositions,
to which the commissioners empowered to
negotiate the treaty agree, and all appears to
be peace. But the western country is full of
lawless and wicked white men, and if one of
those men (and thei-e are plenty of such per-
sons who are capable of doing it) commits a
crime against the rights of those Indians the
country is involved at orice in a war with that
tribe, because they do not recognize the obli-
gation of their treaty when any one white man
violates their rights. The only way that peace
can be preserved is to put the Indians where
they will not only be compelled to preserve the
peace, but where they can be protected from
the attacks and inroads of bad and vicious
white men. Therefore the Indians should be
put upon reservations; and that should be the
settled and fixed policy of the Government.
I rose simply to protest against the proposi-
tion of this bill, to put these Indians back where
they formerly lived, to abolish any system of
reservations, so far as they are concerned, and
leave them as they formwly were, to make war
or live lit peace, as they pleased, with the white
people of the country.
Mr. COLE. I would gladly add a word, if
possible, to what has been said in favor of the
passage of this measure. I am in the receipt
of some information touching these Indians. I
believe them to be, as they are at present situ-
ated, in a most distressed condition. When
first taken upon this reservation they num-
bered something over nine thousand. My in-
formation is to the effect that they have now
been reduced to about six thousand. The in-
formation of the chairman of the committee
may be better. I am, at all events, well satis-
fied that their condition is deplorable in the
extreme. There is no wood within ten or fif-
teen miles of the reservation, and when they
go after wood they have to dig the roots of the
sage brush and whatever other brush is found
there, and carry them back to the reservation
on their backs. They are at positive hostility
with the Comanches, in whose country they
are. They were taken from their own country
into the midst of the'eountry of the Comanches,
who are described as exceedingly hostile toward
them, and whenever they go out in search of
wood or any other errand they are very likely
to be assassinated by the Comanches.
It was stated by some Senator in the debate
that these Indians are subdued ; and they are
at present. If they were once hostile they
are not so now. They are thoroughly hum-
bled. I believe there will be no difficulty in
maintaining peace with them if they are taken
to some other reservation or place where they
can enjoy some of the comforts of life, and
where they will not be constantly perishing for
want of the ordinary necessaries of life. 1 am
informed that many of them have perished
from cold and from other privations. I be-
lieve, notwithstanding the large appropriations
that have been made for their benefit, that
they have suffered beyond all precedent almost
for the want of the necessaries of life, partic-
larly for the want of shelter and fire.
I hope, therefore, Mr. President, that this
measure will pass. I believe it to be, as the
chairman of the committee has stated it to be,
a measure of economy. I believe it will inure
to the benefit of the Treasury, and not in any
sense to its detriment.
Mr. NYE. There seem to be two things
apparent in the condition of this tribe: in the
first place, that they are kept at a large ex-
pense where they are; and, in the next place,
that they are discontented, and desire to go
where their comforts may be increased. I have
had some little experience in Indian matters,
and I have had a great deal to do with Indians.
I disagree entirely with the honorable Senator
from Oregon [Mr. Williams] as to their char-
acteristics ana their disposition. They have
not much philosophy to control their animos-
ity; but they should not be condemned on that
account.
I have tried to study and to learn the true
history of this long-continued fight between
the Navajoes and the New Mexicans. Who-
ever will read it will find that General Carle-
ton had better have captured the New Mexicans
than the Indians a great deal; for I challenge
any person to candidly read wBat is written
and what exists in tradition and then deny that
the New Mexicans were always the aggressors.
They did what was abhorent to the enlightened
and intelligent world; they captured the women
and children of the Indians and enslaved them,
until now it is difficult to distinguish between a
Navajo and a New Mexican.
Sir, the peace commission have certainly
done enough to commend them to the confi-
dence of this country. They have stopped the
effusion of blood, and they have stopped a won-
derful drain upon the Treasury of thiscountry.
I took occasion to say while the measure for
their organization was being discussed, that after
our Government had expended millions they
would at last have to come back to the point from
which they ought to have started: let the Indians
understand what we wanted, and there would
be no difficulty in obtaining their permission
and retaining peace. The experiment was suc-
cessful. That commission remains intact save
the honorable Senator from Missouri, the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs, who
says he cannot be present. The fruits of the
past are a guarantee for the good judgment of
this commission in the future ; and I submit to
my distinguished friend from California whether
this is not the cheapest experiment for perma-
nent peace with the Indians there that has ever
been made.
Mr. CONNESS. I am willing to answer
the Senator in a word, and say that I believe
it to be the safest experiment; that is to say,
the parties who are to be employed in attend-
ing to this business are the best men that ever
had it in hand. 1 have no doubt of that.
Mr. NYE. I am very glad to have the con-
currence of the Senator from California. It
strengthens my own opinion on the subject.
Mr. CONNESS. The whole of it is a sad
business.
Mr. NYE. Yes, it was a sad business; and
when you talk of putting these Indians upon
permanent places, when the Senator from Ore-
gon says they should be put upon permanent
reservations, where they should be obliged to
stay, he talks about that which is as impossible
as aftything in nature. The tide of the supe-
rior race sweeps with a resistless power across
this continent, and where these Indians are
planted to-day they will be upturned and up-
rooted to-morrow. Now, sir, while we are
thus dandling these dependent people upon the
very tips of our fingers, and resting upon so
unreliable a foundation as the staying of this
progress across the continent, I submit to every
Senator if it does not become him as a man to
treat them at least with the ordinary sense of
humanity in the process of their destruction.
Mr. CONNESS. A little "Lo! the poor
Indian!" [Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. I am not to be driven from my
own judgment by the cry of " Lo ! the poor
Indian!" Sir, I am not moved to mirth by
the sufferings of the Indians. I have seen their
sufferings. What is the fact? In the State
where I live, before population reached there,
the Indians had all the supplies necessary to
their comfort, in a rude way, of course. But,
sir, with this wave of population, their means
have all been dried up. The pine tree, the
banyan tree that bore the nut from which their
bread was made has been cut down and used
