3038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
houses, in which distilled spirits, tobacco, or
other articles are stored, then, of course, so
far as they are concerned, this provision will
be inoperative. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Logan] sees in it a bugbear, a specter,
connected with this whisky question, which has
no existence at all. Now, if you put your
direct tax on whisky very low, perhaps even
as low as seventy-five cents per gallon, or even
lower than that, you may be able to collect it
at the distillery, and not have any warehouses
at all cxcept at the distillery, out of which the
whisky.shall not be permitted to go without
the payment of the tax, except it be to ware-
houses to which it is to be carried, to be con-
veyed theuce on ship-board, under such strict
regulations that it shall not be allowed to go
abroad without paying the tax. If you propose
to break up the whole export trade, then you
raay get rid of even any export warehouses at
all. But in either case you will still want, and
will still have, bonded warehouses, and we want
to tax the proprietors of them. That is all there
is in it. This warehousing business is a profit-
able business, and we think it can very well
afford to pay this special tax. It has been a
vastly money-making business, directly under
the whisky law and indirectly by reason of
frauds. 1 am as much opposed t,o a loosely-
regulated warehouse system as the gentleman
can possibly be.
Mr. LOGAN. I will modify my amend-
ment so as to have the opportunity to say a
few words. As a matter of course, I feel very
much embarrassed in proposing amendments
to this bill, belonging, as I do, to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. But I hope my zeal
in the matter will not be misunderstood. I
desire to have no difference with the commit-
tee, but I do desire to be understood. I
moved to amend this paragraph by inserting
the word " merchandise," and the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] objected. Now, I
desire any gentleman to tell me, if this is in-
tended for a bonded warehouse for the use of
merchandise,why not put the word "merchan-
dise" in the provision instead of the word
'"articles?" That is a very simple proposi-
tion.^ I propose to amend this paragraph so
that it will read, " United States custom-house
warehouses for the storage of merchandise."
Now. that is so plain that we can all under-
stand it. United States warehouses for the
storage of merchandise; that is all that is in-
tended by this law, the gentleman says. If so,
why not say so? My proposition is to make
this read, " United States custoni-honse ware-
houses for the storage of merchandise." That
is all the gentleman says that they propose.
Then I say put those words in the bill.
My first proposition is this: I said to the
committee if they would allow me to offer an
amendment at the proper time in reference to
the bonded warehouses I would make no ob-
jection to passing this paragraph. But the
gentlemen refused to do that. Why not allow
an amendment at the proper time, so that the
House may determine what kindof warehouses
they want, if they want any? The gentlemen
can prevent my going back to this paragraph
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BLAINE. You can offer an additional
section to the bill.
Mr. LOGAN. I know you can put a section
in at any place, provided you can have time to
explain it and make it understood. But if the
Rouse commits itself all along to this bonded
warehouse system, then we shall get no better
law than we have had heretofore.
Now, my objections to some of the action
of the committee in reference to this question
arise not from a desire on my part to make
any accusation against them, but from an hon-
est difference of opinion. If such a difference
of opinion is not legitimate and authorized in
this House, I am ready to withdraw from the
committee, and they can get in my place some
one who will agree with them. That is .all.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I am de-
termined to be, if possible, entirely understood
in reference to this matter. I say again that if
you prohibit in every shape whatever export
warehouses for distilled spirits, and abolish the
entire business of exportation of spirits from
this countrj-, you will still need bonded ware-
houses. You will need not only bonded ware-
houses for customs, but warehouses at the
distilleries. I explained the other day the
impossibility (which must be obvious to every
gentleman) of standing with your quart or
gallon measure at the tail of the worm of the
still catching the whisky as it flows, and col-
lecting the tax upon each gallon as it comes
forth. The liquor must be removed into some
closely-guarded cistern-room, put into the
necessary barrels, properly stamped, put into
the warehouse at the distillery, and notremoved
therefrom without the payment of the tax. If
you do reduce the tax to a low standard, and
require the payment of all the taxes at the
distillery, and if you do put the whisky into
such a warehouse, shall it be there without any
bond? Shall notthese be bonded warehouses?
I apprehend it is essentially necessary that
they shall be?
Mr. LOGAN. I will call the attention of
the gentleman to the fact that that is provided
for in the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. r I know it is.
Mr. LOGAN. Why, then, insinuate that I
am trying to exempt this kind of warehouse
from the payment of tax ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I am only saying that the
question now before us is not whether we shall
or shall not have anything of that kind, but
whether we shall tax the proprietors of all
bonded warehouses. We cannot tax them
unless we put in the law a provision for tax-
ing them. If we do not insert such a pro-
vision they escape taxation; and if we do
insert it, we say that they ought to be taxed,
without regard to the kind of bonded ware-
houses. I did not care particularly about the
insertion of the word "merchandise" in place
of "articles." I made no objection to that
proposition. "Articles" happens to be the
word that is used all along through the bill;
and it is broad enough to embrace tobacco,
distilled spirits, and goods of every kind. The
gentleman mayputin notonly "merchandise,"
but "goods, wares, and merchandise," and
when he has done that he has not shut out
whisky.. Distilled spirits are as much mer-
chandise as is cotton cloth, and if we have
customs warehouses and receive in them im-
portations from abroad, you may call them
"goods," you may call them "wares," you
may call them " merchandise," you may call
them "articles," you may call them by any
generic name of that kind, and in either case
the term will include fluids as well as solids,
because they are all articles of trade.
Now, so far as I am concerned, I have no
objection to permitting this question to be
reserved, that the gentleman may go back to
it hereafter. But I say there will be no neces-
sity for going back. Whatever the House may
decide as to export warehouses, whether it
permits or does not permit the removal of dis-
tilled spirits from the distillery to any ware-
house, that matter cannotaffect in the slightest
degree the question whether we shall or shall
not tax the proprietors of bonded warehouses.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Unless there is objec-
tion the pro forma amendment of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Logan] will be con-
sidered as withdrawn.
There was no objection.
Mr. JUDD. I move to amend by striking
out the last word.
Mr. Chairman, at an earlier stage of the dis-
cussion of this bill it was intimated by several
gentlemen that when the proper point should
be reached the question would be raised for
the decision of the committee, whether the
system abolished by our legislation in the early
part of this session should be by this bill re-
instated in form or in substance. _ Those sec-
tions were passed over, Mr. Chairman, with
the understanding that if the amendment be
made at the proper stage of the proceedings
then the privilege should be granted to go back
to all othersectionsand make them correspond
to the aetion of the committee on the main
question. That was my understanding, and
hence I should have taken no sort of excep-
tion to the phraseology here in this clause if
that was so understood by the chairman of the
committee.
Mr. Chairman, it is utterly impossible by one
amendment to strike the system of warehouses
out of this bill. It is coupled with other arti-
cles throughout the bill. In other words, the
committee had their system, which not only
embraces tobacco; but distilled spirits. There
is no objection to that if that was their view;
but what I desire is, that when the main point
is decided by the committee, whether distilled
spirits shall be allowed to be transported in
bond or not, when that question is decided, if
decided in the negative, we shall have the
privilege of recurring to the preceding sec-
tions and correcting them.
Mr. MAYNAIID. The gentleman will see
that we provide in another section for export
bonded warehouses, a section which we have
not yet reached.
Mr. JUDL). I have read that section, and
I have read the entire bill, although the chair-
man seems to think no member has read the
bill. I do not pretend to be as familiar with
the bill as the members of the Ways and Means
Committee. I do not intend to bo forced from
the position I assumed a few days ago by any
of this side discussion, that the fraud which
has been perpetrated in relation to distilled
spirits has grown out of the business of trans-
porting distilled spirits in bond ; and although
you may talk about warehouses at the distil-
leries or elsewhere, I am not discussing that
question now, nor did I the other day. I did
allege that at an early part of the session this
committee did agree that frauds in the whisky
trade arose when you set the article in motion.
When it is set in motion it disappears from
taxation. I want the main question settled
first, and when that is settled I want to have
the privilege of amending accordingly the pre-
ceding sections.
The question recurred on Mr. Logan's
amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. I will withdraw the amend-
ment if the gentleman from Ohio will consent
at the proper time that all the sections in ref-
erence to bonded warehouses shall be open
for amendment.
Mr. FAIINSWORTH. The amendment is
not in order as it now reads.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 will modify my amendment
so as to strike out the section as it has been
amended, and move for it the section as I have
proposed to amend it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I object to that. The
gentleman is willing to put a tax upon customs
bonded warehouses. So am I. 1 want to put
a fax upon distilled spirits bonded warehouses.
The gentleman does not want any distilled
spirits bonded warehouses. How lie is to get
the tax upon whisky with it lying around loose
in barrels or in the cistern-room is more than
I can tell. I beg to call the gentleman's atten-
tion to this section:
Sec. 20L And be it further cnaeted. That every
distiller shall provide at his own expense aware-
house, to be situated on and constitute a part ot his
distillery premises, to be used only for the storage of
distil ed spirits, ot' his own manufacture, but no
dwelling-house shall be used for such purpose, and
no door, window, or other opening shall be made or
permitted in the waifs of such warehouse leading into
the distillery or into any other room or building; and
such warehouse, when appioved by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, on jeporc of the collector, is
heieby declared to bo a bonded warehouse of the
United States, to be known as a,distillery warehouse,
and shall be under the diroetion and control of the
collector of the district, and in charge of an internal
revenue storekeeper assigned thereto by the Com-
missioner of Internul ltevenue; and the tax on the
spirits stored in such warehoase shall be paid beforo
removal from such warehouse, unless removed in
pursuance ot law.
We do not permit them to be removed with-
out the tax being paid ; but I am not certain
that will 'oe the ultimate result of our legisla-
tion. Still, I say it will be impossible to get
