186a
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
631>
done why do the gentlemen of the Committee
on Commerce contest the ground as they do ?
Mr. CHANDLER. A man cannot hold
two offices.
Mr. DRAKE. Yon want to compel him to
resign liis naval position, and that is exactly the
%erv thing that ought not to be done, because,
notwithstanding the remarks of the Sfenator
from Maine, the country may need his services
at any moment in a naval position, and then
according to the terms of this resolution he
should be recalled.
But, sir, it is not on the ground that he would
be holding two offices. I judge from the remarks
of the Senator from Maine, but because, for-
sooth. these men who have served in the Navy
thirty, forty, fifty years are no longer fit for
anything under the sky, according to the Sen-
ator from Maine. They are unfit, he says, to
perform naval duties, and he asks, are you
going to put them into your foreign consulates ?
There is the error of this whole matter. The
question is not as to the fitness of A or B or
C on the retired list for the position, because
when nominated that would come before the
Committee on Commerce, and they would pass
on him as they would on any other man, but the
question is whether you shall allow these offi-
cers, who have spentsolongatimein the service
of the country, to be put in these positions if
found capable.
Now, sir, suppose every one of the fifty re-
tired officers above the grade of commander
ihonld resign to-day, and the President should
nominate two or three of them for consulships,
wonld it be an argument here against them
that they had been on the retired list of the
Navy? Very fiir from it. Therefore, the ques-
tion is not as to their fitness; that question will
come up when they are nominated; but the
simple question is whether you will take away
a barrier now which separates them from these
positions for which, by their education for many
years in the Navy, I contend that they are
abundantly and accurately adapted.
As to the Committee on Naval Affairs act-
ing upon this matter, I presume that that com-
mittee will act upon any subject that is referred
to them, and if they think it is not properly
referred they will report it back and ask to be
discharged and have it referred somewhere
else. But sir, I do not understand that all the
wisdom of this Senate, even upon commercial
subjects, is concentrated in the Committee on
Commerce. Whatever recommendations that
committee may make (as is the case with those
of the Naval Committee) must come under the
revision and decision of the Senate; and if
they make wise recommendations they will be
adopted; if they make unwise ones they will
not be adopted. So, sir, at last the question is
Of>t necessarily to go to the Committee on
Commerce to determine whether these men
are fit subjects for consular appointments, be-
cause that will come up when they are nom-
inated; but the question is simply whether the
Navy can give them up for this public work
and this public duty.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. President, I am very
glad for one that this measure has been intro-
duced, and I am not at all clear that it ought
not to pass. That, however, is a question on
which I do not propose to speak now. If I
understand the case, the question before the
Senate is as to the proper reference of the joint
resolution. The Senate has hitherto been quite
particular in relation to the reference of sub-
jects to the appropriate standing committees;
and it cannot possibly be the object of any
Senator to have a bill or joint resolution taken
from the consideration of the appropriate com-
mittee. It seems to me that it is perfectly clear
on the question of reference that this belongs
to the Committee on Commerce. That is indi-
cated by its very title. What is it? "A joint
resolution in relation to consular appoint-
ments." Thatsubject has always belonged to
the Committee on Commerce. While it was
proper for the Senator from Iowa or for any
other Senator to introduce such a measure,
still when it comes to be referred it belongs to
t^e Committee on Commerce, where I hope it
will go.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
made a suggestion the other day that this reso-
lution should be referred to the Committee on
Retrenchment, thinking it might allay the con-
troversy that has grown up between the two
committees of the Senate who are disputing
in regard to it. I will say now that the Com-
mittee on Retrenchment has this whole matter
of the foreign service under consideration, both
diplomatic and consular, and that they have a
bill nearly prepared looking to a new method
of appointment, looking to an examination of
those who are to enter the foreign service, so
that our consuls abroad may be better quali-
fied to fulfill their duties ; and one bill on the
subject which has been introduced in the Sen-
ate has already been referred to that com-
mittee. It would seem very proper, therefore,
that this proposition, looking to the same ob-
ject, should be referred to the same committee,
that they may all be considered together and
brought forward here as a single measure.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, this ia
merely a question whether one committee of
this body shall revise the proceedings of an-
other. When this measure was lirst introduced
it was a very fair and open question to which
committee it should go. On that question the
Senate passed judgment; they sent it to the
Committee on Naval Affairs; and if now, when
the Committee on Naval Affairs have consid-
ered it and reported upon it, it is referred to
the Committee on Commerce, it will be not
because it was not properly referred in the first
place to the Committee on Naval Affairs, for
the Senate has settled that question once, but
it will be because the Committee on Naval
Affairs are not competent to consider the mat-
ter. I hope that the Senate will not make such
a deeision by any vote upon this question.
To refer it to the Committee ou Retrench-
ment might be very proper, but the Committee
on Retrenchment has the subject already be-
fore it, and will not have the subject any more
under its consideration by this reference than
it has already. The question whether a particu-
lar naval officer nominated for an especial con-
sulate is suited for the place or not very prop-
erly will go before the Committee on Com-
merce when such a nomination shall be made.
If the nomination of a naval officer comes here
for a consulate it should not go the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, but to the Committee on
Commerce. Whether, however, naval officers
are suitable persons as a class to be appointed
consuls is eminently a question to go to the
Committee on Naval Affairs. But, sir, what-
ever may be the merits of this question it has
been settled by the Senate in the original refer-
ence, and now the point is whether the Com-
mittee on Commerce shall be appointed as
guardians over the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs. If so, it seems to me it would be better
for the Committee on Naval Affairs to make
their reports directly to the Committee on
Commerce, and then have them, if it shall
please that committee, presented to the Sen-
ate, and not to have them lirst reported to the
Senate and then referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. GRIMES. I confess I never was more
astonished than at the controversy that has
grown up on this question. I was perfectly in-
nocent of it myself when I introduced the joint
resolution ; and I did not imagine there would
be any controversy of the kind when it was
reported back from the Committee on Naval
Affairs. The facts seem to be these: the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs are unanimously in
favor of the passage of this joint resolution ;
but the Committee on Commerce, I judge from
the demonstrations we have had from the Sen-
ator from Michigan and the Senator from Maine,
are utterlyhostileto it. The Senatorfrom New
Hampshire states that the Committee on Re-
trenchment—a committee in whom, I think, on
all sides of the House, we have entire confidence
—have this subject in charge. I am perfectly
content, so far as I am concerned, and I think
the members of the Naval Committee would be
content, that the resolution should take that
direction, that it should go to the Committee on
Retrenchment and be considered in their gen-
eral bill.
I disclaim again any intention of trenching
at all upon the jurisdiction of the Committee
on Commerce. 1 never thought of such a thing.
I supposed that the question as to whether a
particularman was competent to fill oneof these
offices would be determined in the future;
whether he was a naval officer or was a civilian
would be determined by the President when he
appointed him and by the Senate when they
came to act upon his confirmation; and that
the only question involved in this proposition
was whether the naval service could well spare
a man for that position. And let me say in
response to the statement of the Senator from
Maine that a great many of these naval efficers
are employed by the Navy Department. Soma
of them are unqualified for sea duty, but they
have all the capacity for doing shore duty. We
have a surplus of officers. They have the
capacity to do such duties as pertain to a con-
sular agency, though they would not be able to
command a ship in a storm or in a conflict with
a foreign enemy.
The question of the details of the measure,
as to the amoutit that shall be paid to these
officers, has been under discussion. That will
be a proper subject for consideration when wo
come to pass upon the measure itself. It is
not before us at this time. There was a dif-
ference of opinion in the Naval Committee as
to the amount that should be allowed them.
There was only a small majority in favor of
giving them the pay specified in the resolution.
A very respectable minority in point of num-
bers was in favor of giving them only the pay
that now pertains to consulates.
I say again that I am content to accept the
proposition of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire and get rid of this controversy by sending
the prop6sition to the Committee on Retrench-
ment.
Mr. CONNESS. The morning has been
spent in a discussion as to which of two
committees of the Senate this measure prop-
erly belongs; and we have been told, pending
the discussion, that the Committee on Re-
trenchment are preparing a general measure
on this whole subject. Whatever may be the
merits of the discussion before the Senate in
the direction it has taken, it is apparent that
we should not act upon this resolution now, in
view of the statements that have been made.
I will not at this time state what my opinions
are in regard to the question that has been dis-
cussed;'but it is evident that we cannot act on
the measure now. I think it will suit the Sen-
ate better to lay it on the table than to decide
between the two committees from the manner
in which the question has been put, and I
therefore make that motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Sen-
ator to withdraw that motion for a moment
until I can make a single statement, and then
1 will renew it if he insists upon it.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator can make his
statement by unanimous conseut pending the
consideration of my motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to say, in
reply to a remark of the Senator from Rhode
Island 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from California withdraw his motion?
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir, for the purpose
of hearing the explanation of the Senatorfrom
Maine. „
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
from Rhode Island made a remark, the ten-
dency of which was to prejudice the action of
the Committee on Commerce rather than to
argue the merits of the case. He suggested
that the proposed action of the Committee on
Commerce would be invidious to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, inasmuch as it would be
to say that the Committee on Commerce was
more competent to examine this question than
the Committee on Naval Affairs. He said the
