3040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jime 1$,
to roe about this tax. If it is to affect the final
vote I hope the suggestion of the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Allison] will be agreed to;
for I feel perfectly confident that this tax per
gallon will be removed. I now withdraw ray
amendment to the amendment.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Spalding.
^Mr. SCHENCK. At the beginning of the
winter the oil men, represented here very
numerously, fell into a mistake, perhaps, in
regard to their interest, when they represented
that nothing could bear a tax better than oil ;
it was then twenty cents per gallon. They
afterward became satisfied, that they must
have gome relief, and this House gave it to
them, taking off the half of that tax. It has
flow reached that point when I think it will be
about as expedient to put these oil manufac-
turers in the general class of manufacturers
as it will be to keep on this tax of ten cents
per gallon. However that may be, we have
already taken from them a burden of some
three million dollars.
Now, what do we propose here? That each
distiller shall pay a special tax of fifty dollars
upon the manufacture of this article, which it
was once thought could bear a tax so well.
What will that amount to ? My colleague [Mr.
Spalding] says that the very small establish-
ments manufacture only some ten or fifteen
barrels per day. Suppose we take ten barrels
as the average, allowing three hundred work-
ing days in a year, that will make three thou-
sand barrels. And at fifty dollars, that will
be less than two cents per barrel; not a very
onerous tax, considering the millions already
taken off. But if you get it down to twenty-
five dollars, it will be not quite a cent on a
barrel. The truth is it is not a heavy tax at
all; and it does seem to me that gentlemen
who are expecting to urge upon this House
the propriety of takingoff altogether the specific
tax of ten cents a gallon, leaving these men
to pay like other manufacturers a tax of two
tenths of one per cent, on the amount of their
sales over $5,000, ought not to be pressing us
ia regard to these incidental points as they
arise, lest thereby they endanger their case.
Mr. SCOEJELD. The gentleman will per-
mit me, to say that all I ain seeking now is to
have this question reserved.
Mr. SCHENCK. This is a very small tax
when you come to examine it.
Mr. SPALDING. I am not objecting to
the tax; but I wish to have it graduated.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask unanimous consent
that this paragraph may be reserved for con-
sideration hereafter.
The ClIAlIiMAN. If there bo no objec-
tion, the paragraph will be reserved.
There was no objection.
The next paragraph was read, as follows:
Distillers producing two hundred barrels, or less,
of distilled spirits, counting forty gallons of proof
spirits to the barrel, within the year, shall each pay
$200, and one dollar for each such barrel producedin
excess of two hundred barrels. And monthly returns
of the number of barrels of spirits, as before de-
scribed, distilled by him, shall be made by each dis-
tiller in the same manner as monthly returns of sales
are made. Every person who produces distilled spirits,
or who brews or makes mash, wort, or wash for dis-
tillation or for the ^reduction of spirits, or who by
any process of vaporization separates alcoholic spirit
from any fermented substance, or who, making or
keeping mash, wort, or wash, has also in his posses-
sion or use a still, shall bo regarded as a distiller.
Mr. SCHENCK. On behalf of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, I move to amend
by adding at the end of the paragraph just
read the following:
Provided, That no tax shall be imposed for any
still, stills, or other apparatus used by druggists and
chemists for the recovery of alcohol for pharmaceut-
ical, chemical, or scientific purposes, which has been
used in those processes.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Chairman, I know that
I occupy an unfortunate position in being
obliged to oppose propositions emanating from
the Committee of Ways and Means. I expect
that this amendment will be adopted. I pre-
sume the House will not pay any attention to
anything I may say about the matter. But I
desire to call attention to the fact that the ex-
emption of persons recovering aleohol in the
manner and for the purposes indicated in the
amendment has been shown to be one of the
sources of fraud. Why the Committee of Ways
and Means should recommend this exemption
I caanotunderstand. Thereare evidences that
in this way frauds have been committed; and
although at one time the Commissioner of
Internal Reventfe, I believe, suggested the
insertion of this amendment, yet since that
time he has recommended taking it out of the
bill. I am opposed to any such amendment,
because it opens up one of the avenues for
fraud. The only thing we can safely do is
to tax these persons as we tax all other dis-
tillers. When they carry on these processes
they are in fact engaged in distilling ; and there
is as much propriety in taxing them as in tax-
ing the distiller who manufactures spirits in
the first instance.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on this amend-
ment is exhausted.
Mr. SCHENCK. In orderthatl maymake
an explanation, I move pro forma to amend
the amendment by striking out the last word.
Mr. Chairman, my colleague on the com-
mittee [Mr. Logan] is somewhat mistaken as
to the facts in relation to the history of this
amendment. The position of the matter is
this: we are endeavoring, by the most stringent
measures we can devise, to guard against illicit
distillation. In revising the present law we
found in it a saving clause in favor of those
engaged as druggists or chcmists in recovering
alcohol which had once been used. This ex-
ception in their favor is made by the law as it
now stands; it is to-day the law. We were
so anxious, however, to cut off all possibility
of any wrong being done that, in preparing
this bill, we omitted the provision. The gen-
tleman from Illinois is mistaken in saying that
it was left out at the request of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Ho may have
made that request, but 
Mr. LOGAN. 1 said he made the sugges-
tion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I never heard of it before
this morning, and I have since been ransack-
ing my memory in regard to the matter. I
remember very well now that the sub-committee
on whisky, in a room in the Treasury Depart-
ment, came to the conclusion that provision
might leave the door open to some frauds. I
know that the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue never spoke to me, nor, so far as I know,
to any of the committee, on the subject. He
came afterward and suggested that he had
. made a mistake in leaving that off. Since that
I have had complaints made to me by drug-
gists and chemists that, instead of opening the
door for fraud by leaving the law as it is, we
Were doing them great mischief in not retain-
ing it as it now is.
Now, I remember the frauds the gentleman
refers to. They were not frauds under this but
under another section of the present law, the
one hundred and sixty-eighth section, where
men have been permitted to take, for the man-
ufacture of articles to go abroad, such as cos-
metics and patent medicines or anything of
that kind, distilled spirits in bond, and upon
proof that they had manufactured into these
articles and sent them abroad, they have been
relieved from paying any tax. This opened
the door for fraud against which we have pro-
vided.
Mr. BECK. I ask the chairman whether he
will not consent to pass by the remaining por-
tion of this paragraph until the tax on whisky
and tobacco is determined ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to
that, but I do not wish to reserve the whole
bill.
Mr. BECK. When that is done we will be
better able to arrange these things.
Mr. SCHENCK. I was going to suggest
something of that, sort, but this is a distinct
question which does not touch the other. I
desire to say, so far as I know anything about
it, that I have come to the conclusion we ought
not to have cut this section out of the law as
it now is, but, on the contrary, ought to have;
retained it; and although the committee re-
ported the bill without, this little clause, it after*
ward concluded to restore it.
I am sure my colleague is mistaken. The
examination of Mr. Parker——
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire any further
controversy about this; but I desire to be fairly
understood and fairly represented. Now, when
the gentleman says there has never been any-
thing of the kind he has, unintentionally I
know, done me injustice. The Clerk knows
what I state to be true. I examined Mr. Par-
ker myself. I was a member of the sub-com-
mittee, and heard the facts I have stated, and
it was upon those facts I made the suggestion.
I made it, too, in the committee. 1 do not
know whether the Commissioner made the
statement to him or not. I know the state-
ment made to mc, and I know the proposition
was to put this in the bill. I know the evi-
dence before the committee shows that frauds
were committed by stills used by druggists,
and that is the only reason I made the sugges-
tion.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by
striking out "$200" and inserting "$1,000;"
and striking out "one" and inserting "five,"
so the special tax on the distiller shall be
$1,000 in addition to five dollars as a special
tax on each barrel. I do not ask for a vote
now; but that it shall be reserved until we fix
the direct tax together with the pending and
succeeding paragraphs, as follows:
Rectifiers of distilled spirits, rectifying, purifying,
or refining two hundred barrels or less of distilled
spirits, counting forty gallons of proof spirits to the
barrel, within the year, shall each pay $200, and fifty
cents for each such barrel produced in excess of two
hundred barrels. And monthly returns ol the quantity
and proof of all the spirits purchased and ol' the num-
ber of barrels of spirits, as before described, rectified,
purified, or refined by him, shall be made by each
rectifier in the same manner as monthly returns of
sales are made. Every person who rectifies, purifies,
or refines distilled spirits or wines by any process,
and every wholesale or retail liquor dealer or com-
pounder of liquors who has in his possession any still
or leach-tub or who shall keep any other apparatus
for the purpose of refining in any manner distilled
spirits, shall be regarded as a rectifier.
Compounders of liquors shall each pay twenty-five
dollars. Every person who, without rectifying, puri-
fying, or refining distilled spirits, shall by mixing
sueh cpirits.wine, or cider with any materials, manu-
facture any spurious, imitation, or compound liquors,
for sale under the name of whisky, brandy, gin, rum,
wine, spirits, cordials, or wine bitters, or any other
name, shall be regarded as a compounder of liquors.
Retail liquor dealers whose annual sales do not
exceed $2,500 shall each pay twenty-five dollars; if
exceeding 02,500 and not exceeding $5,000 shall each
pay fifty dollars; if exceeding $5,000 and not exceed-
ing 110,000 shall oach pay$l0O; if exceeding $10,000
and not exceeding $20,000 shall each pay $200; and
if exceeding $20,000 shall each pay $1,01)0. Every
person who sells or offers for sale distilled spirits,
wines, or malt liquors, in less quantities than one
quart at a time, or to be drunk at the place, or on
the premises where they are sold, shall be regarded
as a retail liquor dealer.
Wholesale liquor dealers shall each pay fifty dol-
lars. and twenty-live dollars for every additional
$1,000, on all sales in excess of $2,000. Every person
who sells or offers for sale distilled spirits, winos. or
malt liquors in quantity of not less than one quart
at one time, and not to be drunk at the place or on
the premises where the sale is made, shall be regarded
as a wholesale liquor dealer. But no distiller or
brewer, who has paid his special tax as such, arid
who sells only distilled spirits or malt liquors of his
own production in the original casks or packages m
which they are placed for the purpose of atfixing the
tax stamps, shall be required to pay the special tax
of a wholesale dealer.
Mr. ROBINSON. Would it not be proper
now, instead of reserving this portion, to take
a vote on the tax on distilled spirits?
The CHAIRMAN. That question is not
pending.
Mr. ROBINSON. Why not move a proviso
that hereafter distilled spirits shall pay fifty
cents a gallon ?
The CHAIRMAN. That would not be ger-
mane to the paragraph. If there is no objec-
tion these portions of the bill will be reserved.
The Chair hears none.
The Clerk read as follows :
Manufactures of stills shall each pay fifty dollars,
and twenty dollars for each still or worm tor distill-
ing made for sale by him. Any person who manu-
