516
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 16,
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
H. A. Swasey and Company, three dollars;
Schaeffer and Karadi, sixty-seven dollars and
seventy cents; W, B. Smith and Company,
four dollars; E. W. Stewart, sixty dollars; E.
Slade, thirty dollars ; Stevens Brothers, (Lon-
don,) fifty-eight dollars and twenty cents ; Sib-
ley and Guy, forty-four dollarsand ninety-seven
cents; J. Turner, one dollar; E. 0. Thomp-
son, fifteen dollars; Charles S. Taft, one hun-
dred and twenty-eight dollars and forty-seven
cents; J. E. Tilton and Company, three dol-
lars; Andrieux, Yilmorin, and Company,
twelve dollars and seventy cents; T. B. Win-
ner, one dollarand fifty cents; William Wood
and Company, twenty-nine dollars; J. B. Ward,
thirty-five dollars and thirty-eight cents; G. E.
Woodward, two dollars and fifty cents; Sam-
uel Wagner, two dollars; J. F. Wright, one
dollar; A. H. Young, forty-eight dollars and
seventeen cents; Paschall Morris, twenty dol-
lars ; A. S. Yorke, sixty-five dollars and twenty
cents; Stevens and Brother, (London Maga-
zine,) eighty dollars; James Sheehy, six dol-
lars and fifty cents; R. O. Thompson, eighty
dollars; W. C. Lodge, thirty-five dollars; James
S. Lippencott, four hundred and twenty-eight
dollars; J. F. Walfinger, forty-seven dollars
and fifty cents; Samuel Ringwalt, one hun-
dred and four dollars William H. Gardner,
twenty dollars ; G. Hubart Bates, thirty-seven
dollars and fifty cents; William W. Bates, two
hundred and four dollars; H. D. Dunn, two
hundred and thirty-two dollars; X. A. Willard,
one hundred and ninety-two dollars; N. B.
Cloud twenty-eight dollars; S. F. Baird, twenty
dollars; H. F. French, one hundred and forty-
nine dollars and fifty cents; C. W. Howard,
sixty-seven dollarsand fifty cents; John White,
fifteen dollars and fifty-six cents ; Henry A.
Dreer, one hundred and sixty-three dollars and
seventy-five cents ; Israel S. Diehl, nine hun-
dred dollars; and to allow so much of the
same as shall appear upon due proof under oath
to be due and unpaid l'or goods delivered and
services rendered to the Department of Agri-
culture upon contracts made by the Commis-
sioner prior to the first day of July, eighteen
hundred and sixty seven, [and] for the pay-
ment of the same, forty thousand dollars, or
so much thereof as may be necessary, is hereby
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That if
any Commissioner or other officer of the De-
partment of Agriculture shall hereafter, in the
name of the United States, or in the name of
said Department, contract for any goods or
services for the use thereof beyond the amount
of money appropriated and remaining in his
or their hands unexpended at the time of such
contract, the officer so otfending shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor in office, and upon
conviction thereof shall be punished by fine
not exceeding five thousand dollars, or by
imprisonment not exceeding two years, or
both, at the discretion of the court.
Approved, July 13, 1868.
Chap. CLXXV.—An Act to create the Office
ol'Surveyor General in the Territory of Utah,
and establish a Land Office in said Terri-
tory, and extend the Homestead and Pre-
emption Laws over the same.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President, by
and with the advice [and consent] of the Sen-
ate. shall be, and he is hereby, authorized to
appoint a surveyor general for the Territory
ot' Utah, whose annual salary shall be three
thousand dollars, and whose power, authority,
and duties shall be the same as those provided
by law for the surveyor general of Oregon.
He shall have proper allowances for clerk
hire, office rent, and fuel, not exceeding what
is now allowed by law to the surveyor general
of Oregon.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
public lands of the United States within said
Territory of Utah, shall constitute a new land
district, to be called the Utah district; and the
President is hereby authorized to appoint, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
a register and receiver of public money for
said district, who shall be required to reside
at the places at which said offices shall be
located, and they shall have the same powers,
perform the same duties, and be entitled to
the same compensation as are or may be pre-
scribed by law in relation to land offices of the
United States in other Territories.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized
to locate said offices of surveyor general and
register and receiver of public moneys at some
suitable place or places in said Territory.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
preemption, homestead, and other laws of the
United States applicable to the disposal of the
public lands are hereby extended over said
district.
Approved, July 16, 1868.
Chap. CLXXVI.—An Act making Appropria-
tionsforthe Legislative, Executive, and Judi-
cial Expenses of the Government, for the
year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and sixty-nine.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of thi United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, for the objects hereinafter
expressed, for the fiscal year ending the thir-
tieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine,
namely:
legislative.
Senate.
For compensation and mileage of Senators,
three hundred and twenty thousand dollars, in
addition to any unexpended balance of appro-
priation for that purpose in the Treasury.
For compensation of the officers, clerks,
messengers, and others receiving an annual
salary in the service of the Senate, viz.: Sec-
retary of the Senate, four thousand three hun-
dred and twenty dollars ; officer charged with
disbursements of the Senate, five hundred
and seventy-six dollars; chief clerk, three thou-
sand dollars ; principal clerk and principal
executive clerk in the office of the Secretary
of the Senate, at two thousand five hundred
and ninety-two dollars each ; eight clerks in
office of the Secretary of the Senate, at two
thousand two hundred and twenty dollars
each ; keeper of the stationery, two thousand
one hundred and two dollars and forty cents ;
two messengers, at one thousand two hundred
and ninety-six dollars each ; one page, at seven
hundred and twenty dollars; Sergeant-at-
Arms and Doorkeeper, two thousand four hun-
dred dollars; assistant doorkeeper, two thou-
sand and forty dollars; Postmaster of the
Senate, two thousand one hundred dollars;
assistant postmaster and mail carrier, one
thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight dol-
lars ; two mail boys, at one thousand two
hundred dollars each; superintendent of the
document-room, one thousand eight hundred
dollars; two assistants in document-room, at
one thousand four hundred and forty dollars
each ; superintendent of the folding-room, one
thousand eight hundred dollars; three mes-
sengers, acting as assistant doorkeepers, at
one thousand eight hundred dollars each;
seventeen messengers, at one thousand four
hundred and forty dollars each ; clerk or sec-
retary to the President of the Senate, two
thousand one hundred and two dollars and
forty cents; clerk to the Committee on Finance,
two thousand two hundred and twenty dollars;
clerk to the Committee on Claims, two thou-
sand two hundred and twenty dollars; clerk
to the Committee on Printing Records, two
thousand two hundred and twenty dollars;
clerk to the Committee on Appropriations,
two thousand two hundred and twenty dollars
superintendent in charge of the furnaces, one
thousand four hundred and forty, dollars;
assistant in charge of furnaces, eight hundred
and sixty-four dollars; laborer in charge of
private passages, eight hundred and sixty-four
dollars; two laborers, at eight hundred and
sixty-four dollars each; Chaplain to the Sen-
ate, nine hundred dollars; one special police-
man, one thousand dollars ; making one hun-
dred thousand nine hundred and twenty dollars
and eighty cents.
For contingent expenses of the Senate,
viz. :
For stationery, ten thousand dollars.
For newspapers and stationery for seventy-
four Senators, to the amount of one hundred
and twenty-five dollars each, nine thousand
two hundred and fifty dollars.
For Congressional Globe and Appendix,
twenty thousand dollars.
For reporting and printing the proceedings
in the Daily Globe for the third session of the
Fortieth Congress, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the usual additional compensation to
the reporters of the Senate for the Congres-
sional Globe for reporting the proceedings ot
the Senate for the third session of the Fortieth
Congress, eight hundred dollars each, four
thousand dollars.
For paying the publishers of the Congres-
sional Globe and Appendix, according to the
number of copies taken, one cent for every
five pages exceeding fifteen hundred, includ-
ing the indexes and the laws of the United
States, ten thousand dollars.
For clerks to committees, pages, horses, and
carryalls, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For expenses of heating and ventilating
apparatus, including coal, wood, and labor,
twenty thousand dollars.
For plumbing, gas-fitting and labor, five
thousand dollars.
For packing-boxes for Senators, one thou-
sand dollars.
For furniture and carpets, ten thousand dol-.
lars.
For additional laborers and messengers, five
thousand dollars.
For folding documents and materials, twenty
thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, twenty-five thou-
sand dollars.
Souse of Representatives.
For compensation and mileage of members
of the House of Representatives and Delegates
from Territories, one million one hundred
thousand dollars.
For compensation of the officers, clerks,
messengers, and others receiving an annual
salary in the service of the House of Repre-
sentatives, viz.: Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives, four thousand three hundred and
twenty dollars; chief clerk and one assistant
clerk, at two thousand five hundred and uinety-
two dollars each, five thousand one hundred
and eighty-fourdollars; twelve assistant clerks,
(including the Librarian,) at two thousand one
hundred and sixty dollars each, twenty five
thousand nine hundred and twenty dollars;
one chief messenger, and clerk to the Speaker,
at five dollars and seventy-six cents per day
each, four thousand two hundred and four dol-
lars and eighty cents; for three messengers, at
one thousand four hundred and forty dollars
each, four thousand three hundred and twenty
dollars; one engineer, eighteen hundred dol-
lars; three assistant engineers, at one thou-
sand four hundred and forty dollars each, four
thousand three hundred and twenty dollars;
six firemen, at two dollars and forty cents each
per day, five thousand two hundred and fifty-
