1868.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
517
Laivs of the United States.
40th Coatg....2d Sess.
six dollars; for clerk to Committee of Ways
and Means, two thousand five hundred and
ninety-two dollars; clerk to Committee on Ap-
propriations, two thousand five hundred and
ninety-two dollars; clerk to the Committee on
Public Lands, two thousand one hundred and
sixty dollars; clerk to Committee on Claims,
two thousand one hundred and sixty dollars;
Sergeant-at-Arms, two thousand five hundred
and ninety-two dollars; clerk to the Sergeant-
at-Arms, two thousand one hundred and sixty
dollars; messenger to the Sergeant-at-Arms,
one thousand four hundred and forty dollars;
Doorkeeper, two thousand five hundred and
ninety-two dollars; first assistant doorkeeper,
two thousand five hundred and ninety-two dol-
lars; Postmaster, two thousand five hundred
and ninety-two dollars; first assistant postmas-
ter, two thousand and eighty-eight dollars; five
messengers, at one thousand seven hundred
and twenty-eight dollars each; two mail boys,
at one thousand and eighty dollars each; Chap-
lain of the House, nine hundred dollars; two
stenographers, four thousand three hundred
and eighty dollars each; superintendent of
folding-room, two thousand one hundred and
sixty dollars; superintendent and assistant of
the document-room at five dollars and seventy-
six cents per day each, four thousand two hun-
dred and five dollars and eighty cents; eleven
messengers, five at eighteen hundred dollars,
and six at fourteen hundred and forty dollars;
twelve messengers during the session, at the
rate of fourteen hundred and forty dollars per
annum, six thousand five hundred and twenty
dollars.
CAPITOL POLICE.
For one captain, two thousand and eighty-
eight dollars; two lieutenants, at eighteen
hundred dollars each, thirty-six hundred dol-
lars; thirty privates, at fifteen hundred and
eighty-four dollars each, forty-seven thousand
five hundred and twenty dollars; twelve watch-
men, at one thousand dollars each, twelve
thousand dollars; one superintendent in the
crypt, fourteen hundred and forty dollars;
uniforms, forty-six hundred dollars; contin-
gent expenses, five hundred dollars; making
in all, seventy-one thousand seven hundred
and forty-eight dollars; one half to be paid
into the contingent fund of the Senate and the
other half into the contingent fund of the House
of Representatives: Prowled, That after the
thirtieth day of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-nine, members of the Capitol police shall
furnish at their own expense each his oven uni-
form, which shall be in exact conformity to
that required by regulations; and all provis-
ions of law requiring an appropriation for such
uniforms are hereby repealed.
For contingent expenses of the House of
Representatives, viz.:
For cartage, three thousand eight hundred
dollars.
For clerks to committees and temporary
clerks of the House of Representatives, twenty-
six thousand three hundred dollars.
For twenty-four copies of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix for each member and
Delegate of the third session of the Fortieth
Congress, and one hundred copies of the same
for the House library, twenty-five thousand
two hundred and fifty dollars, or so much
thereof as may be necessary.
For paying the publishers of the Congres-
sional Globe and Appendix, according to the
number of copies taken, one cent for every five
pages exceeding fifteen hundred, including the
indexes and the laws of the United States,
nine thousand five hundred dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
purchase of Messrs. Little, Brown, & Com-
pany two thousand copies of the fourteenth
volume of the United States Statutes-at-Large,
for distribution agreeably to the acts of Con-
gress directing the distribution of the other
volumes, sevea thousand dollars.
For folding documents, including materials,
forty-two thousand dollars.
For fuel and lights, including plumbing, gas-
fitting, repairs, and materials, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For furniture, repairs, and packing-boxes,
thirty thousand dollars.
For horses and carriages for the transporta-
tion of mails and for the use of messengers, ten
thousand dollars.
For laborers, eight thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, seventy thousand
dollars.
For stationery and newspapers for two hun-
dred and fifty members and Delegates, to the
amount of one hundred and twenty-five dollars
each, thirty-one thousand two hundred and
fifty dollars.
For twenty-five pages and three temporary
mail-boys, six thousand seven hundred and
twenty dollars.
For reporting and publishing proceedings in
the Daily Globe, sixteen thousand dollars.
For stationery, fifteen thousand dollars:
Provided, That the Postmaster of the House
shall account to the Clerk of the House, at the
end of each session of Congress, for all sta-
tionery by him received and distributed.
For the usual additional compensation to
the reporters of the House for the Congres-
sional Globe for reporting the proceedings of
the House for the third session of the Fortieth
Congress, eight hundred dollars each, four
thousand eight hundred dollars.
PUBLIC PRIXTIXG.
For compensation of the Congressional
Printer, and and the clerks and messengers in
his office, twelve thousand five hundred and
fourteen dollars: Provided, That the salary of
the foreman of binding in the Government
Printing Office shall hereafter be eighteen
hundred dollars per annum.
For contingent expenses of his office, viz.:
for stationery, postage, advertising, furniture,
traveling expenses, horses and wagons, and
miscellaneous items, fifteen hundred dollars.
For the public printing, three hundred and
ninety-nine thousand four hundred and twenty-
two dollars and forty-seven cents.
For paper for the public printing, four hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For the public binding, three hundred and
sixteen thousand two hundred and twenty dol-
lars and thirty-two cents.
For lithographing and engraving for the
Senate and House of Representatives, eighty-
five thousand dollars: Provided, That the
female employes in the Government Printing
Offiee shall be entitled to twenty per centum
additional upon their present pay, and the
necessary amount is hereby appropriated to
pay the same.
LIBRARY OF CONGRESS.
For compensation of the Librarian, two thou-
sand five hundred and ninety-two dollars.
For three assistant librarians, at two thou-
sand one hundred and sixty dollars each, six
thousand four hundred and eighty dollars.
For two assistant librarians, one at one thou-
sand two hundred dollars, and one at one thou-
sand one hundred and fifty two dollars, two
thousand three hundred and fifty-two dollars.
For one messenger, one thousand seven
hundred and twenty-eight dollars.
For three laborers, at eight hundred and
sixty-four dollars each, two thousand five hun-
dred and ninety-two dollars.
For three assistant librarians, at fourteen
hundred and forty dollars each, four thousand
three hundred and twenty dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Library, two
thousand dollars.
For purchase of books for said Library, eight
thousand dollars.
For purchase of law books for said Library,
two thousand dollars.
For purchase of files of periodicals and news-
papers, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For Botanic Garden, grading, draining, pro-
curing mauure, tools, fuel, and repairs, and
purchasing trees and shrubs, under the direc-
tion of the Library Committee of Congress,
five thousand four hundred dollars.
For pay of superintendents and assistants
in Botanic Garden and green-houses, under the
direction of the Library Committee of Con-
gress, eleven thousand two hundred and ninety-
six dollars.
For the expenses of exchanging public doc-
uments for the publications of foreign Govern-
ments, as provided by resolution approved
March second, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, fifteen hundred dollars.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
For salaries of five judges of the Court of
Claims, the solicitor, assistant solicitor, deputy-
solicitor, chief clerkand assistant clerk, bailiff,
and messenger thereof, thirty-seven thousand
three hundred dollars.
For compensation of attorneys to attend to
taking testimony, witnesses, and commission-
ers, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For payment of judgments which may be
rendered by the court in favor of claimants,
one hundred thousand dollars.
EXECUTIVE.
For compensation of the President of the
United States, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For compensation to the Vice President of
the United States, from March fourth to June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, two
thousand six hundred and twenty-two dollars
and twenty-two cents.
For compensation of secretary to sign pat-
ents for public lands, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For compensation to the Private Secretary,
assistant secretary, who shall be a short-hand
writer, two clerks of class four, steward, and
messenger ofthe President of the United States,
twelve thousand five hundred dollars: Pro-
vided, That so much of the fourth section of
the act of July twenty-three, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, making appropriations for legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the yearending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, as author-
izes the President of the United States to ap-
point a clerk of pardons, and one clerk ofthe
fourth class, is hereby repealed.
For contingent expenses of the executive
office, including stationery therefor, threethou-
sand dollars.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AND GROUNDS.
For salary of the warden of the jail in the
District of Columbia, two thousand dollars.
B\)r compensation to the laborer in charge
of the |vater-elosets in the Capitol, seven hun-
dred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of four laborers in the
Capitol, two thousand eight hundred and
eighty dollars.
For compensation to the public gardener,
one thousand four hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of a foreman and twenty-
one laborers employed in the public grounds,
nineteen thousand two hundred and ninety-six
dollars.
For compensation of two watchmen at the
President's House, one thousand eighthundred
dollars.
For compensation of the doorkeeper at the
President's House, one thousand dollars.
For compensation of five watchmen in reser-
vation number two, five thousand dollars.
For compensation of draw-keepers at the
Potomac bridge, and for fuel, oil, and lamps,
five thousand dollars.
For compensation of two draw-keepers at the
two bridges across the Eastern Branch of the
Potomac, and for fuel, oil, and lamps, one
thousand three hundred and ninety-sis dollars.
