1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4065
nized as competent authority on this subject,
not only because of lib great ability as a con-
stitutional lawyer, but mainly for the reason
that his political opinions leaned to the side of
Federal power; and therefore, when we find
him ranged on the side of State authority we
can feel some assurance that his judgment is
unbiased by prejudice or partisan feeling. He,
in effect, says that the single object of the fourth
section is protection to the General Govern-
ment. He declares that— *
41 Its propiiety rested upon this plain proposition :
thai every Government ouerht to contain in itsell the
meausof iis own preservation." * '
44 The regulation of elections is submitted in the first
instance to the local governments which inordinary
cases and when no improper views prevail, may both
conveniently andsatistactorily be by them exercised.
But in extraordinary circumstances the power is
reserved to the national Government, so that it may
not be abused, and thus hazard the safety and per-
mmeuee of theUnion." * * * * "hoth-
iugcan be more evident than that an exelu-'ive power
in the Siate Legislatures to regulate elections lor the
mtiomil Government would leave the existence of
the Union entirely at their mercy."
So much, Mr. Speaker, for the leading com-
mentator upon the Constitution. Now let us
turn to the solemnly expressed opinion of one
■who, next to Mr. Madison, had the most con-
trolling influence in its formation and adoption.
Alexander Hamilton, a man of all others of
his lime the most ultra-Federal in his views,
■who was in favor of the strongest Government
consistent with public liberty, and who looked
upon purely Democratic institutions as the
dream, of an enthusiast rather than the practi-
cal convictions of a sound and enlightened
statesman. In the fifty-ninth number of the
Federalist he thus refers to this question:
"I aui greatly mistaken if there be any article in
the whole plan more completely delcnsiblethan this.
Iibpropi iety rests upon thocvidencc of this plain prop-
ortion, that every Government ought to contain in
itaeii'tue means of its own preservation.'' * *
* *■ "Tocy have submitted the regulations of
elections for the General Government, m the fin>t
instance, to the local administrations, which, in or-
diuaiy cases, and when no improper views prevail,
miy bo both more convenient and moresatistaetory;
but iliey have reserved to the national authority a
right, to interpose whenever extraordinary cucum-
st.uices mi<dU render that interposition necessary to
it« satcty.'* * x * * "Nothing,can be
moic evident than that an exclusive power of regu-
lating elections tor the national Government in tho
hands <r the State Legislatures would leave the
existence or the Union entirety at their mercy."
In the debates upon this clause in the North
Carolina convention in 1788, Mr. Davie made
the following remarks:
"The gentleman fromEdontonhas pointed outthe
reasons of giving* this control over elections to Con-
gress, tnc principal of which wa& to prevent adisso-
lu iou of the Government by designing Slates, it all
the  vtates were equally possessed of absolute power
over their elections, witnout any control ot Congress,
danger might be justly apprehended where oncState
possesses as mueli territory as four or five others, and
some of them being thinly peopled now, will daily
become more numerous and formidable. Without
this control in Congress those large States might suc-
cessfully combine to destroy the General Govern-
ment. It was, therefore, necessary to conttol any
combinations of this kind. Another principal reason
wus thut it would operate in favor of the people
against the ambitious designs of tho Federal Senate.
I will illustrate this by matter of fact. The history
of the little State of Rhode Island is well known.
An abandoned faction have seized on the reins ot
government, and frequently have retused to nave
any representation in Oongiess. If Congress had
tlie power of making the law of elections operate
throughout the United States.no State could with-
draw itself from tho national councils without thc
consent of «i majority of members of Congress. Had
thi- been the case that trifling State would not have
withheld its representation. What once happened
may happen again; and it was necessary to give
Congress this power to keep the Government m iJft
operation. This being a l'cderal Government, a^Rl
involving the interests of several States, and some
acts requiring the assent of more than a majority,
they ought to be able to keep their representation
full. It would have been a solecism to have a Gov-
ernment without anymeans of self-preservation,
I shall make, Mr. Speaker, but one more
quotation from these debates. One of th$
ablest lawyers who sat in the Convention which
framed the Constitution, Mr. Wilson, of Penn-
sylvania, was also a member of the State con-
vention which ratified it. He was also a Fed-
eralist in his political opinions; and in answer-
ing the objections of the Republicans to this
clause, and giving the reasons for its incor-
40th Cons. 2d Sess.—No. 255.
poration into the organic law of the land, he
said :
"This clause is not only a proper, but necessary
one. I hnve already shown what pains have been
taken in the convention to secure the preservation
of the State governments. I hope, sir, that it was no
crime to sow the seed ot self-preservation in tho Fed-
eral Government: without thiselause it would not
possessscif-preservingpower." * * * * "If
the Congress had i t not in their power to make regula-
tions, wha t might bo the consequences ? Some States
might make no regulations at all upon the subject.
And shall the cxisience of the ilontfe of IVpresenta-
ti ves, the immediate representation of tnc people in
Congress, depend upon the will and pleasure of the
State governments? Another thing may possibly
happen, I do not say it will; but we were obliged to
guard even against possibilities as well as probabil-
ities.
"A Legislature may be willing to make the neces-
sary regulations, yet the minority of that Legi&lature
may, by absenting themselves, break up the house
and prevent the execution of the intention of the
majority. I have supposed the case tbat some State
governments may make no regulations at all; it is
possible, also, that they may make improper regula-
tions. If those Legislatures possessed, uncontrolled,
the power of prescribing the times, places, anu man-
ner of electing members of the house of represent-
atives, the members of one branch of tho General
Legislature would bo the tenants at will of the elect-
ors of the other branch, and the General Govern-
ment ftould lie prostrate at the mercy of the Legis-
lature's of tho several States."
Here, then, Mr. Chairman, we have in these
clear and distinct views of the framers of the
Constitution the true interpretation and mean-
ing of this power of the General Government
over the times, places, and manner of choos-
ing members of the House of Representatives.
It is shown to be a mere supervising and cor-
rective power, for the single purpose of self-
protection and defense; not an original and
absolute dominion over the subject-matter
itself.
It has authority only t,o regulate that subject-
matter simply as a check to an abuse which
may tend to strike at its own existence. It
assimilates itself to the veto power of the Pres-
ident. It is a principle of self-preservation
not an inherent and unqualified power of ad-
ministration. It is to repel an attack ; not to
sound a charge. It is a fortification thrown
around the Federal Legislature ; not a batter-
ing-ram to be used by Federal power to break
down the original, and within its proper
sphere, the supreme authority of the State
Legislatures. Sir, any other construction to be
put upon this clause of the Constitution places
it in the power of Congress to abolish all_ State
government whatever. It was the intention of
the framers of the Constitution, and such has
been its operation ever since its adoption by
the people, that Congress^ itself should exist,
only through the constitutional action of the
State Legislatures. The Federal Senate owes
its continuous existence to these bodies, inas-
much as it is only by the action of the State
Legislatures that Senators of the United States
are, or can be, constitutionally elected.
So, too. with the Federal House of Repre-
sentatives; if the framers and commentators
of the Constitution knew what they were say-
ing and doing then it is only through the
action of the State Legislatures, by establishing
the districts and providing for the time and
manner of election, that the Federal House of
Representatives can exist as a constitutional
body. Let Congress once assume, by usurpa-
tion, and God only knows what it may not yet
assume in that direction, to keep up and sus-
tain its organization independent of State legis-
I lation, and there will be an end at once of all
. State government; State rights, State sover-
eignty, and all local independent authority will
become absorbed and merged in one gigantic
centralized and consolidated despotism. Sir,
I am drawing no improbable or exaggerated
picture—no uncommon occurrence in these
days of change and revolution. It is a pictuie,
sir, which other and better men than myself
have limned in the better days of the Repub-
lic, in regard to the misuse and abuse of this
verypowerin the Constitution. Patrick Henry,
in the Virginia convention, was especially
alarmed at the facility with which an unscrupu-
lous Congress might seize upon this power, and
he denounced it with that fervid eloquence for
which he was so remarkable beyond all his
compeers. In reply to a speech of Mr. Nich-
olas he thus speaks of the dangers which would
follow an improper use of this power:
"Ishall make a few observations to prove that
the power over elections which is given to Congress
is contrived by ihe Federal Government that the
people may be deprived oi their proper influence in
the Government by destroying the force and effect
of their suffrages. Congress is to have a dtacretion-
aiy control over the time, place, and maimer of
eleeiions. The Representatives are to be ciected,
consequently, when and where they plea&e. As to
the time and place gentlemen have attempted to
obviate the objection by saying that the time is to
happen once in two years, and that the place is to be
withm a particular district or in the respective coun-
ties. But how will they obviate the danger of re-
ferring the manner of election to Congress? Those
illumined genii may see tbat this may not endanger
the rignts ot the people; but in my unenlightened
understanding it appears plain and clear that it will
impair the popular weight in theGovernmcut. Look
at the Roman history. Tuey had two ways ot vot-
ing; the one by tribes, and the other by centuries.
By the lormer numbers prevailed; in the latter
riches preponderated. According to the mode pre-
senbed Congress may tell you that they have a right
to make the vote of oue gentleman go as far as the
votes of <?ne hundred poor men. The power over
the manner admits of tho most dangerous latitude.
They may modily it as they please. Tiioy may
regulate the number oft votes by tho quantity of
property without involving any repugnancy to the
Constitution. I should not have thought of'this
trick or contrivance had I not been how the public
liberty oi lioine was trifled with by the mode ot vot-
ing, by centuries, waeteby one rich man had as many
votes as amultitudeof poor men. Tue plebeians were
trampled on till they resisted. The patricians tram-
pied on the liberties of tile plebeians, till the latter
had spirit to assert their right to lrcedomand equal-
ity. The result of the American mode oi election
may bo similar. Perhaps I shall be to d that I have
gone thruugh the reg.ons ot lancy, that I deal in
noisy declamation and mighty proiessions oi patri-
otism. Gentlemen may letaui tlieir opinions-; but
I look on that paper as the most fatal plan that eouid
possibly be conceived to enslave a free people. It
such be your rage for novelty take it, uud welcome;
but you noverchail have my consent. I am anxious,
it my country should come into the hands of tjranny,
to exculpate myself from being in any degree tho
cause, and to exert my faculties, to the utmost to
extricate her. Whatever maybe the, result I shall
wait with patience till the day may come wticn an
opportunity shall offer to exert myself in her cause.
Air. Chairman, 1 think I have shown clearly
and conclusively that the purpose of inserting
thiselause in the Constitution was for anything
else than to sustain a project such as is con-
tained in this' bill. Sir, the design of this
legislation is too manifest to be mistaken. It
is only a continuation, in a new phase, of the
great scheme of the Republican party to crush
out the sovereignty of the several States ot ibis
Union, to break down and overthrow their
independence, and thus render them the mere
political vassals of Federal power and domin-
ion. One of the most startling and extraordi-
nary propositions contained in this bill, clearly
looking to the consummation of this design, is
the wild and visionary assumption that Con-
gress is invested with the great supreme judi-
cial power of passing upon the validity or
invalidity of a State law! This bill serious y
and with solemn enunciation undertakes to
set aside a publicstatute of the sovereign State
of Ohio, and to declare it absolutely null and
void. Sir, can party madness or political
fanaticism go any further than this? Are
we to overthrow and trample under our feet
every principle upon which this Government
has heretofore been admitted to be based?
Does the gentleman from the capital district
claim that Congress is clothed with any power
not expressly grouted, or which does not arise
by necessary implication upon the terms of the
grant itself? I challenge him, or any gentle-
ii man on this floor, to point to a single provision
| in the Constitution upon which such implica-
| tion can be raised by the most violent pre-
; sumption or the most latitude narian construc-
I tion. The honorable gentleman, unless hev'is
! willing to usurp this power, must have had
; some confusion of mind upon the subject of
i the power. It may be, Mr. Chairman, that
because the attempt was made in 1787 to
; ingraft this power upon the Constitution the
; gentleman supposed, from an imperfect or con-
' fused recollection of that circumstance, that
1 such power was in fact embodied in the Con-
