4066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
stitut.ion. But in this he is wholly mistaken.
A congressional negative upon all State legis-
lation was attempted in the Convention -which
framed the Constitution. On the 8th day of
June, 1787, Mr. Pinckney, of South Carolina,
(and it is one of the strange things of our early
history that such a proposition should come
from that State,) moved "that the national
Legislature should have authority to negative
all laws which they should judge to be im-
proper. ''
In support of this proposition he argued
that such a universality of the power was in-
dispensably necessary to render it effectual;
that the States must be kept in due subordina-
tion to the nation ; that if the States were left
to act of themselves in any case it would be
impossible to defend the national prerogatives,
however extensive they might be, on paper ;
that the acts of Congress had been defeated by
this means, nor had foreign treaties escaped
repeated violation. Mr. Madison held kindred
sentiments on this particular question in the
Convention, although he afterwards completely
changed his views, as will be seen by -consult-
ing his introduction to the "Madison Papers."
After full debate the motion was lost by a vote
of—ayes 3, noes 7. Virginia stood 3 ayes and
2 no'es, General Washington not voting. The
State of Delaware was equally divided. And
yet, Mr. Chairman, in the face and eyes of all
this, the extraordinary proposition is now sub-
mitted for Congress to declare a law of the
sovereign State of Ohio null and void! Sir,
Congress has no more power to make such a
declaration, by way of effecting such a law,
than lias the Superintendent of the Freedmen's
Bureau. That is a naked, judicial power, a
power which has been already exercised and
exhausted by the supreme court of the Stale
of Ohio ; for that court has decided this very
law to be unconstitutional and void under the
State constitution. Is not the honorable gen-
tleman satisfied with the decision of his own
court, every judge of which entertains political
opinions in harmony with his own?
Sir, whether that decision is right or wrong,
whether partisan or impartial, it stands as the
law of the land until it is legally and properly
reversed; and I here affirm, with the utmost
confidence, that the Democrats of Ohio are
t.oo law-abiding, too much the tried friends of
good order and good government, to disregard
its authority, so long as it shall stand as the
pronStnfced adjudication upon the question
which it involves. This bill, then, Mr. Chair-
man, has no practical purpose to sustain, unless
it is intended to indicate the ultimate designs
of a party in relation to radical changes in the
whole system of our Government. If it has
any other end to accomplish, it must be the
covert and sinister one of obtaining the sur-
reptitious votes of full-blooded negroes, in a
state too doubtful, in the apprehension of
somebody, to submit the question to an hon-
est ballot-box.
Mr. Chairman, thereis, in my opinion, another
power usurped in this bill, to which I wish to
draw the attention of the country. Sir, I will
be very much obliged to the gentleman who
introduced this bill, or the committee who
reported it, if they can make it clear that Con-
gress have the constitutional power to invade
a sovereign State with a criminal statute to
punish its citizens, upon a subject-matter over
which the legislative authority has exclusive
jurisdiction, and as to which they have, by their
own laws, declared the penalty. This bill pro-
vides a punishment by fine and imprisonment
against certain State election officers for mis-
conduct in office, in legal effect covering the
same acts, for the commission of which a law
of the State already provides a punishment by
imprisonment in the penitentiary.
By a law of Ohio, passed March 20,1841, it is
provided that—
"If any judge or clerk of election, on whom any
duty is enjoined by this act, shall be guilty of any
willful neglect of such duty, or of any corrupt eoa-
duct in tho execution of the same, such judge or
clerk, on conviction thereof, shall be imprisoned in
the penitentiary and kept at hard labor not more
than five years nor less than one year,"
Now, what is the duty enjoined by law on a
judge of election ? It is that he shall leceive
the votes of all duly-qualified electors pre-
sented to him ; and a violation of that duty
would be a willful or corrupt refusal to receive
such vote, the punishment for which would be
imprisonment in the penitentiary. The law of
Ohio now is. under this decision of the supreme
court, that every male citizen of the proper
age, who has a preponderance of white blood,
is a qualified elector.
Now, then, Mr. Chairman, the Ohio statute
and this bill, if it shall become a law, will
cover the same ground, and provide separate
punishments for the same act. Which shall be
paramount? or shall the delinquent be pun-
ished under both ? Sir, I hope gentlemen will
well consider both whether Congress has the
constitutional power to pass such a criminal
statute, and also the effect of two penal laws,
State and Federal, upon the same subject-
matter, when that subject is the elective fran-
chise and the protection of the ballot-box
within the jurisdiction and touching the sover-
eignty of a State.
And now, Mr. Chairman, I want to put the
question squarely to the majority on this floor,
whether they intend to pass such a bill as
this? Sir, if I could forget my obligation as
a sworn Representative of the people, and was
willing to look only to party advantage in the
discharge of my public duty here, I would
wish and vote for the passage of this bill. As
the result of its passage I would expect, from
what I know of the people of Ohio, that the
fifty thousand Republicans who voted against
negro suffrage last year in despite of the whip
and spur of the party leaders, would unite
with the Democracy in carrying the State by
a still greater majority against the nominees
of the Chicago convention. No "war-horse"
nomination could withstand the tide of popu-
lar feeling running in the same direction Not
even the new-born cry for "peace," so hypo-
critically sounded in our ears of late, could
check the swelling flood of popular indigna-
tion against these oft-repeated outrages.
"We want peace," says General Grant in
his letter of acceptance. Yes, sir; we want
peace ; but not that kind of peace which fol-
lows the subjugation and degradation of mil-
lions of proud and intelligent freemen ; not
that kind of peace held in the grasp of tyranny
and despotism; not that kind of peace which
the wolf grants to the sheep-fold; not that kind
of peace which exists amid desolation and hu-
miliation, the peace of helpless despair, the
peace of ruined trade, of wasted energies, of
the tortured and crushed pride of humanity,
and the utter deprivation of everything which
belongs to liberty and independence. Sir, the
people at last are becoming aroused to a higher
sense of "peace" than such as is meant by
General Grant. They are at last resolved to
redeem the country by placing new men in old
places ; they are at last determined that these
gross usurpations of power shall cease, and the
Government once more brought back to its
former dignity and prosperity. If this great
effort is made as it should be made, the dark
clouds which now hang over us will be dis-
pelled, the storm will pass away, and the blight
bow of promise will once more span our po- i
litical firmament as a covenant of real peace
between the two great sections of a common |
country under a common Constitution, and <
will again shine out in all its former beauty and i
splendor "upon the broken and retreating j
tempest." j
PURPOSES or THE REPUBLICAN 1'AltTY. j
Mr. SC0F1ELD. Mr. Chairman, which way j
are we moving? Are we, as some persons i
apprehend and charge, drifting under party |
excitement and confusion, through misrule and ;
usurpation, toward despotic government, or |
are we, though in the midst of the storm, but j
in spite of it, still holding a compass-line inside ;
the words and spirit of the Constitution toward
a more perfect development of republican gov-
ernment?
What line should we follow? What is the
fundamental theory of our Government? The
great men who laid its foundations held that
"all men arecreated equal." They proclaimed
this sentiment in the-face of a woild heavily
oppressed with inequality, rank, and privilege.
They spoke and fought for it. Their eloquence
and valor established it upon this continent.
And that, I understand, is or ought to be the
recognized theory of our Government. It is a
simple formula, a few words, a single princi-
ple, one idea; but upon it our fathers raised
the fabric of the new Government. It is that
one idea which makes the Government great,
gradually rising above all other Powers on the
i'ace of the earth, even in its infancy giving
liberty and protection to forty million people
at home, and reaching out a helping hand to
the oppressed and humble all over the world.
I know it is said that the founders of the
Republic did not really mean that all men are
created equal, because they did not at first and
at once confer equal rights upon all. It was
impossible. Existing institutions, vested in-
terests, erroneous convictions, and deep preju-
dices stood in the way. They went as far as
they could then, as far as the public sentiment
of their day would permit, and then holding
to and advocating equal rights for all men as
the correct Republican theory, awaited the fit
times and opportunities and the proper devel-
opment of the public sentiment to make that
theory more and more practical. Upon this
theory they founded a new political party,
which they called the "Republican party."
This word indicated as near as any one word
in the language could the commonalty of all
governmental rights. They added to this name
the adjective "progressive," to indicate that
they did not mean to go backward nor to
stand still, but move forward on this theory
of human rights. It was not many years before
this "progressive Republican party" came to
control the country.
See what was done. The slave trade was
interdicted and the trader declared a pirate.
In many of the States slavery was abolished,
and by an irrepealable ordinance all the ter-
ritory then held made free forever. The fran-
chise was enlarged; and except in the single
State of New York, without distinction of race.
Legislation could not make all men equal in
talents, but it could give all an equal oppor-
tunity to cultivate whatever God had been
pleased to bestow, and therefore free schools
were established. It could not make all men
equal in wealth, but it could give all an equal
chance to acquire it; and so imprisonment for
debt was abolished, exemptions from execution
allowed, and the laws of inheritance equalized.
These great advances toward the equalization
of governmental advantages were not secured
without resistance. There were conservatives
in those days as well as in ours. They saw
ruiu in every progressive step. The prohibi-
tion of the slave trade would deprive the poor
African heathen of a chance to hear the gospel
and save his soul. The dedication of the ter-
ritories to freedom was sectional and uncon-
stitutional. Non-imprisonment for debt and
exemption from execution would both defraud
the creditor and destroy the credit of the debt-
or Free schools would borden the thrifty with
tdfes to educate the children of idlers. The
enlargement of the franchise would be its degra-
dation. But in spite of conservatism and its evil
prophecy the country improved, and what is
for more important mankind improved. But
conservatism did not surrender; it never does
surrender. The "progressive Republican
party'" becoming in tune divided into several
parties upon temporary questions, and losing
its distinctive name and organization, consei-
vatism allied itself with the slave power and
obtained for the time the mastery over the sev-
eral divisions. Immediately the brakes are
whistled down ; all progress stops. It is now
