518
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 20,
40tii Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
For compensation of furnace-keeper under
tlic old Hall of the House of Kepresentatives,
eight hundred and sixty-four dollars.
For compensation of furnace-keeper at the
President's House, seven hundred and twenty
dollars.
For clerk in the Office of Public Buildings,
one thousand two hundred dollars.
For messenger in the same office, one thousand
dollars.
For two policemen at the President's House,
two thousand six hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the person in charge
of the heating apparatus of the Library of Con-
gress, and Supreme Court room, one thousand
dollars.
For electrician for the Capitol, one thousand
two hundred dollars.
DEPARTMENT OP STATE.
For compensation of the Secretary of State,
Second Assistant Secretary of State, andExam-
iner of Claims: Provided, That the office of
Examiner of Claims shall be abolished on the
thirtieth day of- June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-nine; and Assistant Secretary of State, for
chief clerk, eight clerks of class four, additional
to one clerk of class four as disbursing clerk,
nine clerks of class three, three clerks of class
two, three clerks of class one, one messenger,
one assistant messenger, and seven laborers,
sixty-three thousand eight hundred and eighty
dollars: Provided, That the third section of the
act of August eighteen, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, entitled "An act to amend an act
entitled 'An act requiring foreign regulations
of commerce to belaid annually bcfoie Con-
gress,' approved August sixteen, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-two, and for other purposes,"
be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
For the Incidental and Contingent Expenses
of the Department of State.
For publishing the laws in pamphlet form
and in newspapers of the States and Terri-
tories, and in the city of Washington, forty
thousand dollars.
For proof-reading, and packing the laws and
documents for the various legations and con-
sulates, including boxes and transportation of
the same, three thousand dollars.
For stationery, blank books, furniture, fix-
tures, and repairs, two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For miscellaneous items, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
For copper-plate printing, books, and maps,
five thousand dollars.
For extra clerk hire and copying, five thou-
sand dollars.
For the General Purposes of the Building
occupied by the State Department.
For compensation of four watchmen and
two laborers of the building, four thousand
three hundred and twenty dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building,
viz.: For rent, fuel, lights, repairs, and miscel-
laneous expenses, twenty-five thousand dollars.
TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Secretary of the
Treasury, two Assistant Secretaries of the
Treasury, chief clerk, eleven clerks of class
four, additional to one clerk of class four as
disbursing clerk, twelve clerks of class three,
fourteen clerks of class two, two clerks of
class two, (transferred from the Third Aud-
itor's office,) fifteen clerks of class one, (two
of whom were transferred from the Third
Auditor's office,) one messenger, one assistant
messenger, and three laborers, one hundred
and one thousand eight hundred dollars.
In the Construction Branch of the Treasury.
For supervising architect, three thousand
dollars ; assistant supervising architect, two
thousand dollars ; for two clerks of class four,
three thousand six hundred dollars; for four
•clerks of class three, six thousand four hun-
dred dollars ; for two clerks of class one, two
thousand four hundred dollars ; and one mes-
senger, seven hundred and twenty dollars ; in
all, eighteen thousand one hundred and twenty
dollars ; and the clause in act of March four-
teen, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, pro-
viding for the officers, clerks, and messengers
in the construction branch of the Treasury
Department, is hereby continued in force until
July one, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, and
no longer.
For First Comptroller of the Treasury, chief
clerk, six clerks of class four, eight clerks of
class three, seven clerks of class two, (three
of them transferred from Third Auditor's
office,) two clerks of class one, one messenger,
and two laborers, in all, forty-three thousand
seven hundred and forty dollars.
For Second Comptroller of the Treasury,
chief clerk, twelve clerks of class four, twenty
clerks of class three, twenty-eight clerks of
class two, (one of them transferred from the
Third Auditor's office,) twenty-one clerks of
class one, twelve copyists, one messenger, one
assistant messenger, and two laborers, in all,
ouehundredand thirty-seven thousand dollars.
For Commissioner of Customs, chief clerk,
two clerks of class four, six clerks of class
three, nine.clerks of class two, seven clerks
of class one, one messenger, and one laborer,
in all, forty thousand nine hundred and twenty
dollars.
For First Auditor of the Treasury, chief
clerk, three clerks of class four, eight clerks
of class three, six clerks of class two, five
clerks of class one: also, two clerks of class
three, four clerks of class two, and eight clerks
of class one, (transferred from the offices of
the Third Auditor and the Solicitor,) one mes-
senger and one assistant messenger, and one
laborer, in all, fifty seven thousand five hun-
dred and sixty dollars.
For compensation of the Second Auditor,
chief clerk, six clerks of class four, fifty-four
clerks of class three, one hundred and eight
clerks of class two, two hundred and twelve
clerks of class one ; also, one clerk of class
two and one clerk of class one, (transferred
from the Third Auditor's office,) one messen-
ger, five assistant messengers, and seven
laborers, in all, five hundred and twenty thou-
sand six hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Third Auditor,
chief clerk, thirteen clerks of class four, for
additional to one clerk of class four as disburs-
ing clerk, thirty-two clerks of class three,
ninety-seven clerks of class two, one hundred
and twenty clerks of class one, ten copyists,
three messengers, two assistant messengers,
and seven laborers, employed in his office, in
all, three hundred and seventy-seven thousand
eight hundred and eighty dollars.
For compensation of the Fourth Auditor,
chief clerk, five clerks of class four, eighteen
clerks of class three, sixteen clerks of class
two, thirty-six clerks of class one, one mes-
senger, one assistant messenger, and one
laborer, employed in his office, in all, one
hundred and ten thousand nine hundred and
sixty dollars.
For compensation of the Fifth Auditor,
chief clerk, two clerks of class four, four
clerks of class three, seven clerks of class two,
fifteen clerks of class one, six copyists, one
messenger, and one laborer, employed in his
office, in all, forty-nine thousand nine hundred
and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the Auditor of the
Treasury, for the Post Office Department,
chief clerk, nine clerks of class four, (addi-
tional to one clerk of class four as disbursing
clerk,) forty clerks of class three, sixty-four
clerks of class two, thirty-seven clerks of class
one, one messenger, one assistant messenger,
and eleven laborers, employed in his office, in
all, two hundred and twenty-nine thousand
one hundred and sixty dollars.
For compensation of the Treasurer of the
United States, Assistant Treasurer, cashier,
assistant cashier, five chiefs of division, two
principal bookkeepers, two tellers, one chief
clerk, two assistant tellers, fifteen clerks of
class four, fifteen clerks of class three, eleven
clerks of class two, nine clerks of class one,
sixty female clerks, fifteen messengers, five
male and seven female laborers, employed in
his office, in all, one hundred and ninety-one
thousand four hundred and sixteen dollars.
For compensation of the Register of the
Treasury, assistant register, chief clerk, five
clerks of class four, thirteen clerks of class
three, twenty-five clerks of class two, (one of
which transferred from Third Auditor's office,)
eleven clerks of class one, one messenger, two
assistant messengers, and two laborers, em-
ployed in his office, in all, eighty-nine thou-
sand one hundred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the Solicitor of the
Treasury, assistant solicitor, chief clerk, one
clerk of class lour, three clerks of class three,
three clerks of class two, (one of which trans-
ferred from the Third Auditor's office,) one
clerk of class one, one messenger, and one
laborer, employed in his office, in all, twenty-
two thousand one hundred dollars.
For compensation of the chief clerk of the
Light-House Board, two clerks of class three,
one clerk of class two, one clerk of class one,
one messenger, and one laborer, employed in
his office, in all, nine thousand five hundred
and twenty dollars.
For Comptroller of the Currency, deputy
comptroller, clerks, messengers, and laborers,
employed in his office, in all, eighty thousand
dollars.
For paper, special dies, printing circulating
notes, express charges, and all expenses neces-
sarily incurred in procuring the same, in above
office, one hundred thousand dollars.
For Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
three deputy commissioners, one solicitor,
seven heads of divisions, thirty-four clerks of
class four, forty-five clerks of class three, fifty
clerks of class two, thirty seven clerks of class
one, fifty-five female clerks, five messengers,
three assistant messengers, and fifteen labor-
ers, employed in liis office, in all, three hun-
dred and forty-nine thousand four hundred
and fifty dollars: Provided, That until a soli-
citor is appointed in accordance with law, no
part of the moneys hereby appropriated shall
be applied in payment of services properly
pertaining to such office.
For rent, dies, paper, for stamps and inci-
dental expenses, including the cost of subscrip-
tions for such number of copies of the internal
Revenue Record and Customs Journal as the
Secretary of the Treasury may deem neces-
sary to supply the revenue officers, one hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars.
For salaries and expenses of collectors,
assessors, assistant assessors, revenue agents,
inspectors, and superintendents of exports and
drawbacks, together with the expenses of car-
rying into effect the various provisions of the
several acts providing internal revenue, ex-
cepting items otherwise estimated for, six mil-
lion dollars.
For detecting and bringing to trial and
punishment persons guilty of violating the
internal revenue laws, or conniving at the
same, in cases where such expenses are not
otherwise provided for by law, one hundred
thousand dollars.
For Incidental and Contingent Expenses of
the Treasury Department
In the office of the Secretary of the Treasury
and the several bureaus, including copying,
labor, binding, sealing ships' registers, trans-
lating foreign languages, advertising, and extra
clerk hire for preparing and collecting inform-
ation to be laid before Congress, and for mis-
cellaneous items, fifty thousand dollars. And
it shall be the duty of the Secretary to lay
before the House of "Representatives, annually,
