1808.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2019
Mr. HENDERSON. That is my under-
standing.
Mr. HO \\ ARD. That is my understanding
about it, and that of course is one of the great
reasons which influenced the committee in
recommending the removal of them to some
other place, is it not?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. If they are to be removed,
as 1 said before, why not send them back to
their old homes?
Mr. HENDERSON. With the permission
of the Senator, as I do not wish to speak again,
I will say a word just here. Our information
is that it is a place unfit for these Indians to
be. The Senator from Wisconsin, while he
was chairman of the committee, from year to
year reported in favor of appropriations to
feed these Indians. We are now informed
that they are in a starving condition. We say
that if this is such a delightful place, such a
line agricultural reservation, it is profoundly
strange that the Indians are starving to death,
and that we must from year to year appropri-
ate from five hundred thousand to one million
dollars to feed thera. An appropriation is
again asked, and there is now abundant evi-
dence before the committee to the effect that
these Indians must require a large appropria-
tion if they be kept there. If it is a place fit
for Indians to live upon, I cannot understand
why these annual appropriations are called
for. Now, all I ask is that this Indian com-
mission shall ascertain whether this is a proper
place for them or not; and if they say it is not,
to make a treaty with them and remove them ;
and if they say it is, in the name of sense let
them remain, that is all.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I sympa-
thize entirely with the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs when he expresses
his amazement at the fact that we are under
the necessity of feeding these Navajoes at the
place where they now are if it be such a de-
lightful Arcadian region as it has been repre-
sented by some to be. However.it is proposed
to remove them, and remove them by a treaty
to be entered into with them. The first sec-
tion of the bill contemplates the making of a
treaty with them for the purpose of removing
them. That is the plain import of the first
section, and it goes on to make an appropria-
tion of $150,000 to subsist the Indians during
the period of the removal under the supervis-
ion and direction of the commissioners.
It contemplates making a treaty with the
Navajoes by which they shall be taken away
from their present location and placed either
at their former homes or transported to the
region west of the State of Arkansas. I am
anxious, of course, to cooperate with the com-
mittee so far as is practicable; but I think, as
1 said before, that the best disposition to be
made of the Navajoes at the present time is
to carry them back to their homes, place them
again on the place which they once cultivated
and from which they derived their subsistence,
enable them once more to subsist themselves
by the culture of land, by raising flocks of
cattle and sheep and horses; let them go on
in the course which they pursued before they
were captured and carried off into captivity by
General Carleton; send them back to their
homes, where they are acquainted with the
country, the place to which tliey were accus-
tomed, where they will be able to pursue the
same branches of industry and to make still
further progress in the course of civilization.
If the commission shall enter into a treaty
■with them, as is contemplated by this bill, for
their removal to the western borders of Arkan-
sas, then comes another expenditure, another
series of Indian contracts for removal and sub-
sistence and all that, and Indian frauds; and
I think I can assure the Senator from Missouri
that the expenses of this removal to the border
of Arkansas will run up to a vast amount be-
fore the thing is perfectly accomplished ; and
after we have located them they are in a land
of strangers ; and what security have we that
we shall not again find it necessary to remove
them to some other place ? No, sir; let us re-
turn the captured tribe to its home, and if we
find it necessary to feed them again feed them
at their own firesides and upon their own
tables and do them justice.
Mr. CORBETT. If it is necessary, as I
conceive it is, to remove these Indians, the ap-
propriation ought to be made punctually and
promptly, so that they may be placed in their
new homes previous to the time of planting.
It was thought by the committee necessary that
an appropriation should be made immediately
to carry this bill into effect, so that a treaty
might be made with them, and that they might
be removed at once to obviate the necessity of
so large an expenditure as will be necessary if
they remain in their present locality. I know
that in my State, where the Indians are put on
proper reservations, the expense of their main-
tenance is comparatively small to the Govern-
ment. I know of one reservation there con-
taining twenty-five hundred Indians where the
expense to the Government is only ten dollars
per head per annum. If these Indians can be
placed on proper reservations, where they can
raise their crops and subsist themselves, as
many of the Indians do in my neighborhood,
I do not see why we may not as well save six
or seven hundred thousand dollars a year by
removing these Indians from their present local-
ity, and it seems to me to be very important
that it should be.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan to the amendment of the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CONNESS. If these Indians are to
be disturbed again I think the commission
ought to have the right to exercise their judg-
ment as to removing them out of New Mexico,
and therefore I am against this amendment.
Mr. FOWLER, i understand that the ob-
ject of this amendment is to confine the com-
mission to a single point; and that is to restore
these Indians to the place from which they
were taken. I hope this will be done. I think
the whole merit of the bill is in that one thing.
I do not know of any greater outrage that was
ever perpetrated in the history oLthe country,
except possibly the outrage committed upon
the Oherokees in Georgia, than the removal
of these Indians from their homes, putting
them in a country to which they were altogether
unaccustomed, and in which they were exposed
to disease and to every manner of hardships.
The very fact of bringing them away from
their homes was itself an outrage which
ought not to be tolerated one moment in any
civilized country. They ought to be returned
to their mountain homes from which they were
taken. Unless this amendment prevails I
think there will be very little merit in the bill.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I agree with the
Senator from Tennessee, and I hope the Senate
will, for the purpose of making the history of
this country a little brighter, adopt this amend-
ment. Here was a tribe of Indians so far civ-
ilized that they had their homes; that they had
their fields where they were raising the cereal
products and had their flocks and herds ; and
they were carried away from their homes and
have been kept in a position where their num-
ber has in a few years been reduced from ten
thousand to seven thousand; where they have
been subjected to all the evils and vices inci-
dent to civilization. Now, the Congress of the
United States lias it in its power to say that
they shall be restored to their homes, not sub-
jected, possibly, to another injury by being
removed to some country where they will be
surrounded by hostile tribes and strangers:
but we have it in our power to undo what we
have done.
Mn. FESSENDEN. ^ I ask my friend what
evidence he has which is at all conclusive that
what has been done is so much out of the way.
Mr. FRELINGH U YSEN. I do not sup-
pose the Senator from Maine disputes the fact
that they have been removed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No ; I do not dispute
that.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That admission
is enough. To take ten thousand men, women,
and children away from their homes, where
they have lived for ages, and march them two
hundred and fifty miles to a sterile country,
there to keep them and guard them for a
course of years, till their number is reduced
by disease, I do not think it wants any painting
to make out a case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
if it is not the policy of the Government w'e
have been acting on from the beginning to
take the Indians to reservations away from their
homes. It is done year after year by acts
passed by Congress.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It is done by
their consent.
Mr. HOWARD. Always.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It is done by
treaty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They have to agree to
the treaty. That is precisely what is proposed
here. What is to be done is to be done by
treaty. They are either to be carried back to
their old homes or somewhere else, as they
may think best. Now, I will ask the Senator
from New Jersey and the Senator from Mich-
igan another question, whether, if they have
confidence in this commission, it is not much
safer to let the commission go upon the spot
and examine all the facts, and decide the
question, than for us to decide it here in the
Senate on the loose representations that are
made and in such ignorance of the subject as
we are.
Mr. HOWARD. In answer to that I can
only say that it is for Congress to settle upon
what principle this commission is to act. It
is for Congress to see to it now and always
that they give no power to do wrong, no power
to oppress the weak and the feeble. The Sen-
ator talks about a treaty, Mr. President.. Why,
sir, it is a mere abuse of terms to talk about
forming a treaty with seven thousand helpless,
starving men, women, and children, prisoners
in our hands. We are to remove them, for-
sooth, by means of a treaty! Sir, there is here
no opportunity for a treaty. It is a mere mock-
ery, in my judgment, to speak of this arrange-
ment as being the possible result of a treaty.
They are in our power as much as the lamb is
in the power of the wolf when he has him
within his jaws.
Now, sir, the proposition of this first section
substantially is to remove the Navajoes by main
force from the place where they now are to
another place equally inconsistent with their
comfort and safety, perhaps. But in saying
this I must at the same time say that I have
great confidence in the commission; but I
would settle the principle of doing light to this
persecuted and injured tribe. They have been
stolen and carried away by force of arms from
the homes which they and their ancestors had
occupied for perhaps a thousand years, con-
trary, I insist, to all the rules of modern war-
fare; for in modern times who has ever heard
of a whole people being taken from their
homes, carried off, and deposited somewhere
else, helpless, hopeless, despairing, the mere
creatures of their conquerors?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the history of
the whole western country in regard to tho
Indians.
Mr. HOWARD. I deny it, Mr. President.
You cannot find a single case of the kind.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All of them have been
removed in precisely that way by treaty.
Mr. HOWARD. What, when they were
prisoners of war? No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That does not make
any difference. They were substantially pris-
oners : they could not resist.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suppose the com-
missioners will take a fair view of this ques-
tion. The Navajoes are a very sensible peo-
ple, and uo doubt the commissioners will call
them together and take a vote; and if they
vote to go back to their old homes the com-
missioners will permit them to do so. If,
