1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4067
found out that the great declaration of our
fathers for equal political rights was '' a glitter-
ing generality," "a rhetorical flourish," "an
unmeaning abstraction." It is now found out
that political distinctions are necessary; that
polit ical equality is a degrading level; tiiat the
law should assign duties to one class and priv-
ileges to another. The revival of this old doc-
trine was not received without objection among
the disbanded progressives. Small dissenting
parties began to spring up. The abolitionists,
the equal rights party, the free Democracy,
barnburners, free-soilers, Benton Democrats,
and others which escape my memory as Ispeak,
from time to time and in various States
attiacted the attention of the public.
They were numerous enough to exhibit the
deep discontent of thinking, progressive men,
but too feeble to resist the retrograde movement
inaugurated by thealliedpowers—conservatism
and slavery. I n 1850 representatives of these
various organizations, or rather of the senti-
ments indicated by them, met in Philadelphia,
and then and there, in the old State House,
in which the theory of political equality had
been first proclaimed, formed a national party,
pledged to take up the principles and carry
forward the work of the fathers. They took
tlie name which had been honored by the
advocates of equal rights in the better days of
the Republic. The friends of freedom and
equality all over the country began to gather
into this new organization, while the advocates
of privilege, the conservatives, the anti-pro-
gressives and the backgoers squatted at the feet
of the slave power and assumed the. misleading
name of Democracy. These Philadelphia con-
ventionists assumed the name and reaffirmed
the doctrine of the first Republican party, to
wit: that "all men are created equal," but
like that party they did not expect to secure
to all men their equal rights at once. Cen-
turies of vested wrongs still stood in the way.
Reasserting the principle, holding fast to the
liberties already acquired, they only proposed
to move forward slowly, securing to the un-
privileged classes, act by act and measure by
measure, as lime and opportunity should per-
mit, greater influence and advantage in the
Government, until, in the course of time, in
the distant future, the world should behold a
great nation in which every citizen, without
exception or distinction, had secured to him
his equal right to life, liberty, and the pursuit
of happiness—a nation with no ignorant, no
poor, no enslaved, no degraded class.
It is now twelve years since ibis party was
organized, and I submit that the history of the
country pioves that it has held steadily to its
declared purpose ; to give every child an equal
chance of education, it has advocated and
legislated, both in the States and Territories
and in the Districtof Columbia, in favor of free
schools; to give every man an equal chance to
acquire property, the old liepublican party,
as 1 said before, abolished imprisonment for
debt, and made the necessaries of life exempt,
from execution. Following in these footsteps,
the new liepublican party, in the first year ot
its national triumph, secured to every landless
man a one-liundred-and-sixty-acre farm with-
out money and without price ; and in the fur-
ther practice of the same principle only last
year it rtleased the honest but broken debtor
from the further pursuit of unrelenting credit.
By an amendment to the Constitution slavery in
sixteen States, in the District of Columbia, and
in al 11 he vast Territories of the co u n try has been
abolished, and its restoration made impossible
forever. We have many bright pages in our
short history—i trust we are to have many
more—but the page that records this brief
amendment will be the brightest of them all.
The franchise, which lifts upthe humble, pro-
tects the weak, educates the ignorant, and en
dows the poor, the synonym of liberty and self-
respect, has from time to time been greatly
enlarged. Under liepublican legislation the
volunteer soldier retains his privilege and sends
home his vote. One year's service of the coun-
try endows the alien with the ballot. Id twelve
States, in all the Territories, and in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, the franchise has been ex-
tended to all and without distinction of race,
and the whole tendency of liepublican debate
arul legislation has been toward an enlarge-
ment of the franchise without restriction, ex-
cept for crime.
All these measures look in one direction, and
lead only to one result. They enlarge the rights,
privileges, and opportunities of all the people,
and subordinate the laws to the popular will.
That is not despotism, but freedom. These
measures may all be wrong, bat if so, it is
because the theory of popular government is
wrong. I have a right, therefore, to conclude
that the charge of despotic tendeucy preferred
against the Republican party is entirely with-
out foundation.
It may be said that two of these measures,
namely, the emancipation of the slaves in all the
States and their enfranchisement in the eleven
rebel States have been too much hurried. The
Republican party did not in the beginning
intend to move so rapidly. Emancipation, which
would withdraw from the enemy and add to us
four million population, became a military
necessity. The great purpose of the rebellion
was to withdraw slavery from the wasting influ-
ence of the nineteenth century ; to build it
around with a new nationality, and wall out
the light and warmth of a Christian age. That
motive could only be destroyed by the destruc-
tion of slavery itself, and we struck it a hur-
ried but fatal blow. Premature enfranchise-
ment, if premature it is, has been forced upon
us for a somewhat similar reason. The return-
ing rebels demanded two sets of Congressmen,
all their own, and thirty-three more for the
blacks, both sets to be elected exclusively by
j themselves. Under the amended Constitution
the claim was legal. But such double power
would enable them to votedownyour soldiers'
pensions, repudiate your plighted honor, force
upon you the payment for emancipated slaves,
and finally to master and redivide the Union.
To brealc the strength of this disunion element,
we put the ballot in the hands of the loyal
black man. Our own safety and the safety of
the Union demanded it, but it is in accordance
with the theoiy of our Government, and if a
little premature, time will soon overtake it.
But you have passed laws restraining the
power of the President; where is the despotism
of that ? A despotic government is a one-man
government. Allexecutive. How can restraints
upon that one-man power be also despotic?
They might be considered too Republican, too
Democratic, but to call them despotic involves
a contradiction. What are the facts? During
the war the President was clothed with extra-
ordinary powers. The Democrats complained.
They apprehended that these powers might be
used to destroy the liberties of the people.
At length the war was over, Mr. Jonson had
come to be President, but the extraordinary
powers were still attached to the executive
office. They were no longer needed, but were
as dangerous as ever. Jlr. Johnson himself
said in his celebrated East Room spee.ch, that
he possessed power enough to make himself
dictator. A great many people thought he
intended to try it. Then Congress began to
do what the Democrats claimed they should
have done long before, confine the executive
power to its old peace limits. Then they cona-
: plain again. To confer these powers was
despotic, to recall them is despotic. One or
the other complaint is unfounded. We could
not be wrong each time. We were really right
each time.- It was proper that the President
should have large powers to suppress the rebel-
lion, and that these powers should he surren-
dered after the necessity was passed.
But your mode of reconstructing the South
is despotic! Not so much so as yours, pro-
vided you adopt the President's plan; and
you have adopted it. The President put the
people of the South under military rule ; Con-
gress did not. We did not order the Army
there. We did not keep it there. We took
no action till March 3, 1867, Up to that time
the President had his own way, and all this
time he governed the South by the Army. Till
then his despotic will was law. He got up
conventions. He selected the voters. He
shaped the constitutions and declared them
adopted. He allowed no popular vote. That
was "his plan. It was your plan. This was
real despotism—unrestrained one-man military
power. Our plan was only a restraint upon
yours. We did not order the Army away, to
be sure ; but we put it under the control of
law. We did not prohibit the assembling of
conventions, but released them from the dicta-
tion of the President. Wedid not forbid con-
stitutions to be framed, but required their
submission to the people. Your plan was to
originate State governments in accordance
with the President's will, ours in accordance
with established law.
But you are making encroachments upon
the Supreme Court! A bill which requires the
concurrence of two thirds of the judges to
declare a statute of the United States void was
proposed, but never became a law. Suppose
it had, what despotism is there in that? Who
compose the Supreme Court? Usually nine
judges. They are appointed by the Presi-
dent and hold their offices for life. The peo-
ple can change their Representatives once in
two years, their President once in four, and-
their Senators once in six ; but the judges of
this court are always beyond their reach. This
is the only anti-republican, aristocratic, des-
potic feature in our Government. While these
judges are entirely above the influence of the
people, they are not above the common pas-
sions and infirmities of mankind. They are
still politicians, as much so as Senators and
Representatives, though not pi ogressive. They
held to whatever was uppermost when they
were lifted out of politics to the bench. You
can tell the politics of a judge by the date of
his commission, and the date of his commis-
sion by his politics.
They crystalize in the sentiments of their
day and are changeless ever after. Some of
them cannot even now realize that there has
been a great war; and, on trying to decide that
a constable and grand jury were equal to the
" late political disorder." Some cannot real-
ize that the slave power had been legally
dethroned; and, on trying to retain in the
legislation of the country at least a few me-
morial shreds of the odious institution, I have
the best authority for saying that a tnajoaty
of these judges have made up their mindj that
the '• legal tender" law is unconstitutional,
and will so decide in the cases now pending in
their court. I mention this fact, not for present
criticism, butasanillustration of the vastpower
of these nine men over thefortunes ofthe peo-
ple. Is a law that requires the agreement of
one or two more judges before they make a
decision that will ruin all the debtors of the
country by requiring them to pay their debts
in gold despotic ? Every debtor in the country
who now thinks such a law would be despotic
will have reason to change his mind before he
is two j'ears older.
Again, it is said that our legislation tends to
centialization of power in the General Gov-
ernment, and that centralization tends to des-
potism. I deny it. We have endeavored to
j preserve the Union of the States, because
; individual liberty can be best secured in a
| single republic. The Republic was divided
before we came to power. On the 4th of
March, 1861, Mr. Buchanan surrendered to
Mr. Lincoln the northern half, having surren-
, dered the southern half to Jefferson Davis
' nearly a month before. WefoundtheUniondis-
membered, and we have restored it. We found
it with slavery, the chief incentive to disunion,
and we broke the chains of four million bond-
men. We found an hundred kinds of money
j that would not pass as many miles from home,
1 and we have reduced them to one uniform sys-
, tern of equal value all over the land. We
i found the Pacific States separated from the
j East by a vast unoccupied country, and grow-
I ing up into isolated nationality, and we have
