1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
635
take the oath prescribed to support the Con-
stitution—with these requirements the Senator
elect can comply; but statutes add requisite
qualifications in addition to those of the Con-
stitution. No person can be a Senator whom
any statutes renders infamous and ineligible for
office by reason of crime. The Senator elect
is not thus disqualified.
There is another statute, passed in 1862, called
familiarly the iron-clad—with that the Senator
elpct offers himself as ready to comply. That
is not a statute describing who may hold office.
It is on its face a test-oath. One must have a
conscience clad with iron to take that oath
unless he is loyal to his country. But he has
a right to take it. The statute says that if the
oath taken is found to be false, he who has
taken it shall be deprived of the office which
by taking the oath he has attained.
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds]
asks how we distinguish this case from the
provision of the reconstruction act where we
all hold that, although there was an affidavit
to be taken by the voter that was not conclusive
upon the register. I answer that if that statute
had provided thatif a voter took that oath and
it was found afterward to be false his ballot
should be taken from the box, then the stat-
utes would be similar, for this law provides
that if any .officer acquires his office by falsely
taking this oath he shall be deprived of his
office. The provision of the law is not that
he shall have no opportunity of taking the
oath ; hence if Governor Thomas is ready to
take the oath he is ready to comply with the
statute.
The question then immediately arises, al-
ready asked, would you admit one as a Sena-
tor who was at the time disloyal if he was will-
ing to take the teSt-oath? 1 answer unequivo*
cally that I would not. The Constitution does
not say that one, to hold office under the Gov-
ernment, must be loyal; and neither the Con-
stitution nor the laws should so declare. That
requirement is inherent in every fiber of the
framework of our Government. Revelation,
I believe, nowhere makes the formal declara-
tion that there is a God, and the assertion
would weaken the truth ; and it is so with loy-
alty to this great nation. I believe there is no
proof of a present want of loyalty in the Sena-
ator-elect.
The question is also asked whether one shall
be admitted to office notwithstanding his pre-
vious disloyal conduct? Should Jefferson
Davis be admitted to a seat in the Serrate if he
should offer himself, saying that he is now re-
pentant and loyal? I answer no ; the Consti-
tution gives the Senate the right to determine
as to the qualification of its members, and is
bound to maintain its own dignity; and one
may be as notoriously disloyal and infamous
by his known acts as by the judgment of the
courts. That class of men we have a perfect
right as well as power to exclude. I do not
understand that the Senator-elect comes under
that classification.
If Governor Thomas is to be excluded, it is
for the reason that when a person, from
motives not to be condemned, (for all admit
that his motive was parental affection,) does
an act which may tend to help the enemies of
the country, he should be excluded. That is
the position the Senate must, I think, take to
exclude him. A much stronger case than that
made against Mr. Thomas is made against all
those persons in the northern States who dis-
couraged the draft; against all those persons
who went through townships collecting money
so as to pay $300 a head rather than send men
to the war, and thus technically complied with
the letter while they violated the spirit of the
law; and a stronger case is made against those
who in 1864 declared the war a failure. I do
not say that the Senate should not adopt the
rwle suggested against Governor Thomas, but
I respectfully submit that if that is the rule
which is to govern the Senate it should be pre-
scribed, written beforehand ; for the difference
between administering justice according to
Arbitrary will and according to a carefully con-
sidered law is, as I understand it, the difference
between justice and its opposite.
Such are my views of the law. A word as
to the facts, and 1 shall not further detain the
Senate. The first fact against Mr. Thomas is
that he urged his son not to join the enemy,
simply because Marylandwas not in the re-
bellion. It does not appear by the testimony,
either of the father or of the son, that in all
their conversations he ever said to his son:
"You must not join the enemy because it is a
war against your country." I am free to say
that 1 admire the frankness of the Senator-
ele.ct in adhering to the truth, but I abhor the
doctrine of State sovereignty and its correla-
tive, State allegiance ; but that doctrine is held
by a vast number in this country. It is held
by gentlemen in this chamber, and I do not
see that we can undertake to put a candidate
who is sent here by Maryland under examina-
tion, and see whether we approve or disap-
prove of his political sentiments.
The next point is that he did not prevent
his son from going to the war. It is said that
he should have imprisoned his son. If he had
so done he must have kept him in prison as
long as the war lasted, or it would have been
of no avail, for as sooti as released he would
have had an additional inducement to leave his
home for the field. But he gave his son $100.
Unless that money aided him in getting to the
enemy he is not within the provisions of the
statute as to giving aid to the enemy, even if
you take the statute as containing a descrip-
tion of the persons who may or may not hold
office. The testimony is that the money was
all spent before he left Washington, and that
it did not aid him. But it is said that he
obtained clothing with the money, and was so
aided in getting to the enemy. Admitting
that, we come to the question of motive. There
was a unanimity, I think, in the committee
that his motive was parental affection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend will excuse
me ; I did not admit that proposition, for one.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I was mistaken,
then, sir; but I think my friend from Vermont
admitted it in the Senate and based his whole
argument upon it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend will excuse me
again; 1 did not admit it in the Senate. I
said that assuming the ground on which it was
claimed by the Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Johnson] that he ought to be admitted, that
his motive was what I named, still the conse-
.quence did not follow. I simply took it for
granted for the sake of the argument.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I understood
the Senator'8 argument to be this: that the
fact of Mr. Thomas's motive being parental
affection did not change the case, because his
purpose was to enable his son to get to the
enemy. There, I think, the Senator from
Vermont begs the whole question. The pur-
pose was not to enable his son to get to the
enemy. The father would have given many
times the amount he gave to have carried his
son to the mountains of Vermont instead of
to the enemy. The motive was affection for
the son, not, I admit, regard for this country,
and because Marylandwas not in the rebellion.
The motive of Governor Thomas was parental
solicitude; his purpose was to prevent the son
from suffering.
Now, Mr. President, motive is everything.
We are judging of the character whether the
candidate is a proper person to be permitted
to become a Senator or not. Reverse this case;
suppose the testimony had shown that he gave
his son $100 for the purpose of carrying him to
the enemy's lines, and that he failed to get
there, all would say that he was unfit to be here
because he manifested a disposition to aid the
enemy. Here he has manifested a disposition
to keep his son from suffering. He committed
a grave mistake, but I do not see that it proves
him disloyal. Take this case : a husband sues
for a divorce from his wife tor desertion, and it
is proven that the husband, when his wife was
about to leave the house, gave her $100. We
know that if there is any collusion between the
parties the divorce cannot be granted.
The husband, however, proves that he
begged his wife to stay, and that such was
his affection for her that ^e was unwilling that
she should suffer even if she would leave, and
he therefore gave her the money. Would that
be held to be such collusion as would prevent
the husband obtaining the divorce? I think not.
; Motive, sir, is everything. And I insist that
i no man under our law is punished for any-
j thing but a moral dereliction. If a man raises
j a gun and kills a stranger, what is he punished
! for ? It is not for the physical act of pulling
the trigger, for if so you would punish an
idiot as well as a sane man. He is not pun-
ished because he knew that the result would
I follow. One is not punished for the actus in-
I tellectualis, but for the moral wrong, and when
'' you draw the indictment you charge that it
|| was done with "malice aforethought." The
II act itself proves the malice. So the act here
unexplained proves the disloyalty ; but if ou
explanation we believe that the motive was
parental solicitude, then the act ceases to be
criminal, and is, as I said, a grave mistake.
I believe that it is a principle running through
all law that intentio mea imponet nomen operX
inter—my intention gives the name to my act.
If Governor Thomas' motive was to save his
son from suffering, he committed a mistake ;
but I 5.m not prepared to say that he perpe-
i 'rated a flagrant crime. These ate the reason!
which control my vote. .
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Michi-
gan kindly yields the floor to me that I may
make a motion to proceed to the consideration
of executive business. We have arrived at a
stage in this discussion where, I think, perhaps
it may be interrupted.
The motion was agreed'to ; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors wer«
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 20, 18C8.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of Saturday was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday tlw
first business during the morning hour is the
call of States and Territories, beginning with
the State of Maine, for bills and joint resolutions,
to be referred to appropriate committees, and
not to be brought back into the House by
motions to reconsider.
pouts of delivery.
Mr. PIKE introduced a bill (H. R. No. 460)
to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
establish ports of delivery, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
togus military asylum.
Mr. BLAINE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
461) making an appropriation for rebuilding
the United States military asylum at Togus,
Maine; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
"payment of naval pensions.
Mr. PERHAM introduced a bill (H. R. No.
462) providing for the payment of certain naval
pensions out of the naval pension fund ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
relief of drafted men.
Mr. VAN AERNAM introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 463) to amend an act for the relief
of certain drafted men, approved February
28, 1867; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
