186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3043
ufacturers and dealers as one of the means of
protecting their own trade.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move, pro forma, to strike
out the words "in less quantity than fifty
pounds." It seems to me that this condition
of purchasing not less than fifty pounds will
have a very disastrous effect upon the small
manufacturers of cigars.
Sir. PILE. I suggest that this section does
not refer to manufacturers, but dealers in leaf
tobacco.
Mr. O'NEILL. It proposes to prevent the
selling of leaf tobacco in quantities of not less
than fifty pounds at any one time. Now, I
suggest whether this does not tend to depress
a very large number of persons who are en-
gaged in a small way in making cigars.
A Member. It refers to dealers in leaf
tobacco.
Mr. O'NEILL, I supposed it affected the
class of persons that I have alluded to, who are
notable to buy in large quantities with which to
make cigars in their shops for sale. I with-
draw the amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the chairman of the
committee will excuse me for proposing an
amendment. I do it for the reason that this
law in regard to tobacco is a little different
from what I understand it to be. Inasmuch
as I was not before the committee very often,
1 presume I will be excused for moving to
strike out of the paragraph these words :
But no person shall sell at any one time a less
quantity than fifty pounds of leaf tobacco without
milking a monthly return of the aggregate of such
sales to the proper assistant assessor, and a tax of
sixteen cents per pound shall be assessed on all sales
made in less quantity than fifty pounds, and collected
us other monthly taxes are required to be paid.
All dealers in leaf tobacco under this sec-
tion whose annual sales do not exceed §25,000,
have to pay fifty dollars. But the part which
I move to strike out provides that they shall
not sell less than fifty pounds at any one time.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Without
paying sixteen cents a pound.
Mr. LOGAN. Without paying sixteen cents
per pound. I think this will work a great hard-
ship. Where I reside, in my immediate home,
there is a great deal of tobacco raised; in fact
the most of the crop in that country is tobacco.
There are a great many poor people there.
You will find it so in all tobacco-raising coun-
tries. They do not use the pressed tobacco,
the article that is sold for a dollar a pound,
nor do they use smoking-tobacco put up in
packages, but they buy it in the hand, cheaply
twisted for their own use. Now, this provision
if I understand it, will prevent just that thing.
It will force the poorer class, of people wlio
purchase tobacco in the hand to go and buy it
at the prices charged for it as put up in parcels.
That is not the object, but it is the effect of the
provision, and for that reason I move to strike
out this clause. It is not necessary for us to
legislate entirely for the manufacturers. We
should legislate somewhat for the poor man,
who is his own manufacturer of tobacco. Let
the man who desires to purchase tobacco and
twist it for himself do it; and if he prefers to
smoke it let him do it. It is nobody's business.
It U his own taste, and if ho cannot afford to
smoke and chew the kind of tobacco you do,
lot him have the kind he can aflord to use.
Hence, I propose to strike out those words,
and then the section will stand that all persons
who deal in leaf tobacco, whose annual sales
do not ex ceed $-5,000 shall pay fifty dollars,
and if their annual sales do exceed that, then
it is to be increased according to tlie^ excess
over S25,000. What difference does it make
to you or I whether the leaf-tobacco man sells
by the ten pounds or by the hand or by the
fitly pounds? It makes no difference. r.ou
collect the same revenue precisely if he sells
by the ten pounds as if it is sold by the fatty
pounds, but it is not the same to the poor man
who can afford to buy it only by the hand.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. I call the gentle-
man's attention to the closing lines ol the
paragraph:
But no farmer or planter shall foe required te pay
a special tax as a dealer in leaf tobacco for selling
tobacco of his owa production.
Mr. LOGAN. That is true.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. Does not that
exempt these men of whom the gentleman
speaks ?
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir ; it does not.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think the gentleman is
laboring under a misapprehension, I have
amended the paragraph so that it now reads
''But every dealer who shall sell at any one
time," &e.
Mr. LOGAN. How has it been amended?
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman and I are
both striving after the same thing. We know
that there is a great deal of injury done to the
revenue by the selling of tobacco in small lots
to be cut up by the purchaser, and thus escap-
ing taxation entirely and interfering with the
manufacturers of tobacco. We have, there-
fore, required that in those cases where they
sell in less amounts than fifty pounds they shall
make monthly returns, and that it shall be
charged at the lowest rate of tax, sixteen cents
a pound. But the object is not to prevent
persons from raising and selling their own
tobacco, and therefore I had amended the
paragraph before the gentleman spoke, and I
will ask the Clerk to read it as it now stands
amended.
The Clerk read as follows:
But every dealer who shall sell at any one time a
less quantity than fifty pounds of leaf tobacco shall
make a monthly return of the aggregate of such sales
to the proper assistant assessor, ami ataxof sixteen
cents per pound shall !■ e assessed on all sales made
in less quantity than filly pounds, and paid as other
monthly taxes are required to be paid. But no
farmer or planter shall be required to pay a special
tax as a dealer in leaf tobacco for selling tobacco of
his own production, or which he received as rent of
that produced by tenants upon his lands.
Mr. LOGAN. I will only say that I do not
understand it. I do not mean to be captious
at all, but I really do not understand this
explanation. I do not think it obviates the
difficulty at all. My object is to provide that a
poor person may buy a hand of tobacco without
having to pay an extra tax for it. That is my
object. I do not think the objection I have to
this provision is obviated by the amendment
which has been made, and I, therefore, insist
on my amendment.
Mr. COBURN. I think the difficulty can be
obviated by exempting all sales under $100
worth, and then a man who wants to buy fifty
dollars' worth or seventy-five dollars' worth, or
any amount under $100, can do it without
paying tax.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Logan's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Trimble, of Kentucky, to strike out the entire
paragraph; and being put, the motion was
disagreed to.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows :
Dealers in tobacco, whoso annual sales do not
exceed §5,000, shall each pay ton dollars, and two
dollars for each additional SI,000 in excess of $5,000.
Every person whose business it is to sell or offer for
sale manufactured tobacco, snuff, or cigars, shall be
regarded as a dealer in tobacco. And any keeper of
a hotel, inn, tavern, or eating-house, who sells to-
bacco, snuff, or cigars, shall pay, in addition to Ins
special tax therefor, the special tax of a dealer in
tobacco.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend this
paragraph by striking outin the first sentence all
after the words "dealers in tobacco, whose
annual sales do not exceed," and inserting in
lieu thereof, " $1,000 shall pay five dollars, and
if their annual sales exceed $1,000 shall pay
in addition two dollars for each $1,000 in
excess of $1,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to further amend
the last sentence of this paragraph by insert-
ing before the words "keeper of a hotel," the
woids "retail dealer or.''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I move to amend this
paragraph by striking out the last sentence,
which has been amended to read as follows:
And any retail dealer or keeper of a hotel, inn,
tavern, or eating-house, who sells tobacco, snuff, or
cigars.shall pay, in addition to his special tax there-
for, the speeialftax of a dealer in tobacco.
I suppose it is not the intention of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to make the tax
too onerous upon keepers of hotels and tavern-
keepers. We have already charged upon hotel-
keepers a tax of twenty-five dollars on every
billiard-table and bowiing-alley, besides a very
large tax on rentals. And then there is a
paragraph which has been passed over, which
increases the tax to an enormous extent.
As such a provision as this has net been in
any other revenue law, and as I think it is too
onerous a tax to be imposed upon these people
who are keepers of hotels, tavern-keepers, and
keepers of eating-houses, I have moved this
amendment, for 1 think this burden is unjust.
Mr. MULLINS. I cannot see the propriety
of the change contemplated here. I can see
one way iii which it would perhaps be advant-
ageous to those who stay at hotels and want to
smoke their pipes and puff their cigars there ;
it would be very convenient to them. These
hotel-keepers, as a general thing, rent a small
room besides the tippling-room to a person
who deals in smoking-tobacco and cigars, and
perhaps is ready to flavor it with a little Tom
and Jerry. As persons avoid an indictment
for selling whisky by saying that they only
flavor their Tom and Jerry with it, so in this
case they will avoid the tax on cigars by saying
they flavor their Tom and Jerry with a cigar.
Now, these are the very men who dodge the
law, and we want to knock off this little wheel-
house where they are standing.
Now, I know it would be very convenient for
gentlemen who stay at hotels to have a chance
to get their smoking-tobacco and cigars without
going out of the hotel. Now, I stop at a hotel,
and I am willing to take a little walk whenever
I want to get any tobacco or cigars, if that will
help the revenue. And I have no doubt it
would be better for the health of all parties if
they would take this little exercise. 1 do not
suppose the gentleman was serious in offering
this amendment, and therefore I will not seri-
ously oppose it, as I know it cannot pass.
Mr. ALLISON. I would say to the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Stewart] that this
paragraph now proposes a reduction of five
dollars upon the tax imposed by the existing
law.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think there is
anything in the old law to this effect.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Stewart ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 18, noes 51; no quorum
voting.
Mr. STEWART. I ask for tellers.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman desires
it, I will agree that he shall have an oppor-
tunity to move his amendment in the House.
Mr. STEWART. That is all I want.
The CHAIRMAN. That can be done if no
objection is made.
No objection was made.
The amendment of Mr. Stewart was accord-
ingly rejected.
Mr. COBURN. I move to amend the first
sentence of this section by inserting after the
word " sales " the words "are over $100 and
so that it will read:
Dealers in tobacco, who^o annual sales arc over
$1U0 and do not exceed S5,000, shall pay ton
dollars, and two dollars tor each, additional $1,000
in exoe^ of $o,U00.
The effect of this amendment will be to
exempt from taxation all dealers in tobacco
iu an amount less than $100. Uhereare many
sma.lldealers in tobacco, country storekeepers
and such persons, who do not make it a regu-
lar business. It is a great hardship upon sucn
persons to be compelled to pay this tax, and
it should not bo imposed. Such fie&leis inako
little or nothing on their sales, and there is no
danger of frauds from this source.
I think it may in some measure obviate the
