520
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 20,
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
For forty clerks of class one, forty-eight
thousand dollars.
For three messengers, at one thousand dol-
lars each, three thousand dollars.
Office of Quartermaster General:
For six clerks of class four, ten thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For twelve clerks of class three, nineteen
thousand two hundred dollars.
For thirty clerks of class two, forty-two
thousand eight hundred dollars.
For one hundred and eight clerks of class
one, one hundred and twenty-nine thousand
six hundred dollars.
For thirty copyists, at nine hundred dollars
each, twenty-seven thousand dollars.
For one superintendent of the building occu-
pied by the quartermaster general, two hun-
dred dollars.
For four messengers, at one thousand dol-
lars each, four thousand dollars.
For six laborers, at seven hundred and
twenty dollars each, four thousand three hun-
dred and twenty dollars.
Office of Paymaster General:
For chief clerk, two thousand dollars.
For four clerks of class four, seven thousand
two hundred dollars.
For one clerk of class three, sixteen hun-
dred dollars.
For three clerks of class three, authorized
by clause in the act of February twenty-fifth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, four thou-
sand eight hundred dollars: Provided, That
said clerks shall not be continued after the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
nine.
For twenty-six clerks of class two, thirty-
six thousand four hundred dollars.
For thirty clerks of class one, at twelve hun-
dred dollars each, thirty-six thousand dollars.
For two messengers, at one thousand dollars
each, two thousand dollars.
Office of the Commissary General:
For one clerk of class four, one thousand
eight hundred dollars; one clerk of class three,
one thousand six hundred dollars.
For fourteen clerks of class two, nineteen
thousand six hundred dollars.
For tvrenty-four clerks of class one, twenty-
eight thousand eight hundred dollars.
One messenger, at one thousand dollars.
For two laborers, at seven hundred and
twenty dollars each, one thousand four hun-
dred and forty dollars.
Office of the Surgeon General:
For one clerk of class four, one thousand
eight hundred dollars; for one clerk of class
three, one thousand six hundred dollars; for
two clerks of class two, two thousand eight
hundred dollars; for fifteen clerks of class one,
eighteen thousand dollars; for one messenger,
one thousand dollars; one laborer, seven hun-
dred and twenty dollars.
Office of Chief Engineer:
For four clerks of class four, seven thou-
sand two hundred dollars ; for four clerks of
class three, six thousand four hundred dollars:
for five clerks of class two, seven thousand
dollars; for three clerks of class one, three
thousand six hundred dollars; for two mes-
sengers, at one thousand dollars each, two
thousand dollars; and one laborer, seven hun-
dred and twenty dollars.
Officc of Chief of Ordnance :
For chief clerk, two thousand dollars; three
clerks of class four, five thousand four hun-
dred dollars; for two clerk [s] of class three,
three thousand two hundred dollars; for six
clerks of class two, eight thousand four hun-
dred dollars; for ten clerks of class one, twelve
thousand dollars; one messenger, one thou-
sand dollars ; two laborers, at seven hundred
and twenty dollars each, fourteen hundred
and forty dollars.
Office of Military Justice:
For one clerk of class four, one clerk of
class three, one clerk of class two, and two
clerks of class one, seven thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
Signal Office:
For two clerks of class two, two thousand
eight hundred dollars.
Contingent Expenses of the War Department.
Office of the Secretary of War:
For blank books, stationery, labor, books,
maps, extra clerk hire, and miscellaneous
items, ten thousand dollars.
Office of the Adjutant General:
For blank books, stationery, binding, and
miscellaneous items, fifteen thousand dollars.
Office of the Quartermaster General:
For blank books, stationery, binding, and
miscellaneous items, ten thousand dollars.
Office of the Paymaster General :
For blank books, stationery, binding, and
miscellaneous items, fifteen thousand dollars.
Chief Engineer's office:
For blank books, stationery, binding, and
miscellaneous items, three thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Office of the Surgeon General:
For blank books, stationery, binding, and
miscellaneous items, including rent of office,
ten thousand dollars.
Office of the Chief of Ordnance:
For blank books, stationery, binding, and
miscellaneous items, three thousand dollars.
Office of Military Justice:
For blank books, stationery, binding, and
miscellaneous items, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars:
For the General Purposes of the TTar De-
partment Building.
For compensation of superintendent, four
watchmen and two laborers of the building,
four thousand five hundred and seventy dol-
lars.
For labor, fuel, light, and miscellaneous
items, twenty thousand dollars.
Building Occupied by Paymaster General,
Corner of F and Fifteenth streets.
For superintendent, watchmen, rent, fuel,
lights, and miscellaneous items, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
For the General Purposes of the Building Corner
of Fand Seventeenth Streets.
For compensation of superintendent, four
watchmen, and two laborers for said building,
four thousand five hundred and seventy dol-
lars.
For fuel, compensation of firemen, and mis-
cellaneous items, five thousand dollars.
For painting exterior and interior of build-
ing, papering halls, and repairing roof, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
KAYY DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Secretary of the
Navy, eight thousand dollars.
For compensation of the Assistant Secre
tary of the Navy, three thousand five hundred
dollars : Solicitor and Naval Judge Advocate
General, two thousand six hundred and sixty-
three dollars: Provided, That this office shall
cease on the fourth day of March, eighteen
hundred and sixty-nine, and no further appro-
priation for its continuance shall be made
until said office shall have been established by
law; chief clerk, two thousand two hundred
dollars; one fourth class clerk, (also a dis-
bursing clerk,) two thousand dollars; four
clerks of the fourth-class, seven thousand two
hundred dollars: five clerks of the third class,
eight thousand dollars; three clerks of the
second class, four thousand two hundred dol-
lars ; three clerks of the first class, three thou-
sand six hundred dollars ; one messenger, one
thousand dollars; one assistant messenger,
eight hundred and forty dollars; two laborers,
one thousand four hundred and forty, dollars.
For compensation of civil engineer of the
Bureau of Yards and Docks, two thousand dol-
lars ; chief clerk, eighteen hundred dollars;
one clerk of the fourth class, eighteen hundred
dollars; two clerks of the third class, three
thousand two hundred dollars; one clerk of
the second class, one thousand four hundred
dollars; one clerk of the first class, twelve
hundred dollars; one draughtsman, fourteen
hundred dollars ; one messenger, one thousand
dollars; two laborers, fourteen hundred and
forty dollars.
For the compensation of the chief clerk of the
Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting, eighteen
hundred dollars; one clerk of the fourth class,
eighteen hundred dollars; two clerks of the
third class, three thousand two hundred dollars;
three clerks of the first class, thirty-six hun-
dred dollars; one messenger, one thousand
dollars.
For the compensation of the chief clerk of
the Bureau of Navigation, eighteen hundred
dollars ; one clerk of the second class, fourteen
hundred dollars ; one clerk of the first class,
twelve hundred dollars; one messenger, one
thousand dollars.
For compensation of the chief clerk of the
Bureau of Ordnance, in place of the assistant
provided by section three of the act of July
five, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, eighteen
hundred dollars ; one draughtsman, fourteen
hundred dollars; one clerk of the second class,
fourteen hundred dollars; one messenger, one
thousand dollars ; one laborer, seven hundred
and twenty dollars ; one laborer, five hundred
and seventy-six dollars.
For compensation of the chief clerk of the
Bureau of Construction and Repair, eighteen
hundred dollars; one draughtsman, eighteen
hundred dollars ; one clerk of class four, two
clerks of class three, two clerks of class two,
seven thousand eight hundred dollars; one
messenger, one thousand dollars; one laborer,
seven hundred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the chief clerk of the
Bureau of Steam Engineering, eighteenhundred
dollars; one draughtsman, fourteen hundred
dollars; one clerk of the second class, fourteen
hundred dollars ; one assistant draughtsman,
twelve hundred dollars; one messenger, one
thousand dollars ; one laborer, seven hundred
and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the chief clerk of the
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing, eighteen
hundred dollars; one clerk of the fourth class,
eighteen hundred dollars ; three clerks of the
third class, forty-eight hundred dollars; six
clerks of the second class, seven thousand two
hundred dollars ; three clerks of the first class,
thirty-six hundred dollars; one messenger, one
thousand dollars; one laborer, seven hundred
and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau
of Medicine and Surgery, three thousand five
hundred dollars; one clerk of the fourth class,
eighteen hundred dollars; one clerk of the
third class, sixteen hundred dollars; one mes-
senger, one thousand dollars ; one laborer,
seven hundred and twenty dollars.
Incidental and Contingent Expenses of the
Navy Department.
Office of the Secretary of the Navy, for sta-
tionery, labor, newspapers, and miscellaneous
items, two thousand eight hundred and forty
dollars.
Bureau of Yards and Docks :
For stationery, books, plans, drawings, and
miscellaneous items, eight hundred dollars.
Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting:
For stationery, books, and miscellaneous
items, seven hundred and fifty dollars.
Bureau of Navigation :
For stationery, blank books, and miscella-
neous items, eight hundred dollars.
