4068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
stretched out great lines of railway to secure
their commerce and hold their interests and
affections in the Union. We found commerce
between the States everywhere burdened and
obstructed by local and illiberal State legisla-
tion, and we have undertaken some measures
of relief. These enterprises, undertaken to
preserve the harmony of the States and secure
the growth and development of the whole
country, aie mistaken by small politicians for
acts ot' centralization.
In addition to carrying on a four-year war
for the suppression of the rebellion all these
beneficent and permanent reforms have been
scoured during the short life of the Republican
party. Take as many years of Democratic
administration prior to that and tell me what
record you have left to awaken the gratitude or
pride of the people. There stands the gallows
upon which they immolated old John Brown,
a brave but erring enthusiast of human free-
dom ; but its victim is more honored to-day
than its cruel architects. Just beyond is the
Dred Scott decision, rendered in violation of
precedent, law, and Constitution for the bru-
talization of four million Christian people. It
Las no friends now. Further on you behold
the Missouri compromise—our fathers' bond
of Union—the peace offering of its day, repu-
diated, broken, and trampled under foot ttiat
the inhumanity of the hour might be without
restraint. Standing around it, as fit witnesses
of the wrong, are the "border ruffian war,"
the "Lecompton villainy," and the small tyran-
nies of Pierce and Buchanan. Still further
down this dreary history stands the "fugitive
slave law," to which every Democratic knee
•was wont to bow. Its manacles are broken.
Its bloodhounds 110 longer bay upon the track
of its victims. No garlands crown its ugly
brow. It has no worshippers, no admirers, no
defenders, no apologists even. All have
sneaked away. These are the monuments of
their administrations. During all these weary
years nothing was done by the predominant
party to elevate and honor labor, to educate
the poor, to lift, up the fallen, to endow the
landless, or to soften the cruellies of bondage.
You cannot point to a single act that anybody
will celebrate, that anybody will honor, that
anybody will remember even except with regret
or shame.
This doctrine of political equality forms the
great "divide" between parties now as heieto-
fore. The conservative or anti-progressive ele-
ment, always beaten, except when allied with the
slave power, takes heart from the complication
of public affairs and enters the arena with new
disguises. The remnant of the slave aristocracy
rallies to its standard. The foiled secession-
ists extend their crimson hands both to aid
and to be aided. A great church, believing
that the mass of mankind should be guided
rather than educated, leads its vast flock when
otherwise we would least expect it into the
support of anti-republican distinctions. Many
submit to the theory which degrades them be-
cause it degrades others more than themselves.
And many mistake license to the vicious for
liberty to mankind. It is the old combination,
so often beaten. There may be a few recruits;
some few who have attained senatorial and
judicial honors by the advocacy of equal rights,
through the natural selfishness of the human
heart, have come to believe in rank since they
have reached the highest. A few descendants
of eminent men, unable by personal merit to
command the position of their fathers, reject
their fathers' doctrine. John Quincy Adams
was a progressive ltepublican, and his grand-
son is a conservative. The descendant claims
by law what the ancestor acquired by desert.
To these add a few natural grumblers, and you
have the present Demoeiatic-conservative-
sorehead-rebel party.
Such elements can be held together in a party
of opposition, because a minority party need
havenoailirinativepolicy. They bringforward j
measures of their own. It is their business to '
hold back, to oppose, to criticise, to denounce, j
to threaten, not to originate, to propose, to :
decide, or to act. To avoid present account-
ability for the past they even condemn their
own history and acquiesce in the defeat of
their own measures. They were opposed to
the "Lecompton fraud" and "border ruffian
war" after Kansas became a free State. They
approved the homestead law after it was en-
acted. They do not worship the fugitive slave
law after it is repealed. They are in favor of
the war after it is over. They are opposed to
slavery after it.is abolished. They will doubt-
less be opposed to repudiation after the debt is
paid, and in favor of universal suffrage after
everybody can vote. But they attack whatever
is proposed by others, whatever is uppermost
for the time being. During the last seven
years they liave done nothing but scold. Scold-
ing is their vocation; their sovereign remedy
for all public ills.
They scolded the Union party when Buchanan
divided the Republic, and scolded harder when
we attempted to restore it. If the Army lacked
men they would scold. If a draft was or-
dered to fill it they would seold. If the Treas-
ury was empty they would scold. 'If taxes
were levied they would scold. If a loan was
attempted they would scold. If a battle was
lost they would scold about mismanagement.
If it was won about subjugating the South.
They scolded terribly when $300 would com-
mute the draft, and worse when the law was
repealed. They scolded when greenbacks were
issued, and scolded again when the issue was
stopped. They scold when the rebel States are
kept out, and scold when they are brought in.
While this party remains in the minority
scolding may answer their purpose. It may
even enlarge their numbers by the addition of
malcontents and impracticable men. But if
they carry the elections next fall they must be-
come actors instead of critics. What will they
then do ? If they have been honest in their
opposition to Republican measures they must
attempt to undo them all. They were opposed
to coercion ; they must, therefore, restore the
confederacy and treat for terms of separa-
tion. They were opposed to emancipation, they
must reestablish slavery. They were opposed
to the amendment of the Constitution, which
forbids payment for emancipated slaves and
the assumption of rebel debts ; they must,
therefore, repeal it. They were opposed to the
repeal of the fugitive-slave law ; they must
therefore reiSnact it. They opposed the read-
mission of the eight reconstructed rebel States;
they must therefore turn them out. Their
candidate for Vice President says they will,
and that by revolution if they cannot by law.
They were opposed to the enfranchisement of
the colored people in the rebel States; they
must therefore disfrancise them and leave the
rebel power without check or division. They
opposed the enfranchisement of the citizen
soldiers, and they must be disfranchised also.
It may be said they cannot accomplish all this.
That is true, but they can try it. They must
try it, because if they do not it is a confession
that they have all along been wrong, and we
have all along been right, which is a confession
that they ought to be defeated at the polls.
They carried the Legislature of Ohio last fall,
and immediately began the work of demoli-
tion. Their first attack was on the franchise.
They at once withdrew from the soldier, the
student, and the quadroon, whom they classed
and proscribed together, the right to vote. Ohio
had given her consent to the constitutional
amendment, which makes the loyal States equal
in representation in the Federal Government
to the rebel States, and prohibits payment for
slaves and the assumption of rebel debts, but
this Legislature revoked it. Suppose they fail
in their efforts, how is the country to be bene-
fited by a four years' struggle over it? If they
succeed, the old slave aristocracy becomes
againthe masters of the country. ' Thedefeated
rebels become the political victors. Hampton
and Forrest und Preston will be the honored
soldiers at Washington, as they were in the
New Yorjc convention, and Grant and Sher-
man and Sheridaj) willfye discharged on parole.
It is said they will not carry matters so far;
the northern wing of the party will moderate
and restrain the insolence of the rebel wing.
So we were toid when Pierce and Buchanan
were candidates, but after the election we soon
found that the southern Democrats controlled
the northern. Whether the northern Demo-
crats design it or not it will be so again.
But it is said this party can get us out of all
financial trouble. The southern wing got us
into it, but how can they get us out? Will
they pay it? They ought to do so, but they
will not, and I suppose they cannot. They
pay no taxes. They say they have nothing to
pay with. They could do nothing, then, but
tax us and dispose of our money. Why should
they be selected for that office? When have
they shown any financial ability superior to
northern men? They run the confederacy
four years and two months, and so far from
developing financial ability they developed a
great lack of it. Their only schemes were
forced loans, to be paid out of taxes on the
loans themselves. Their currency became so
worthless that they were forced to collect
taxes in kind. They developed great military
ability, I concede, but as financiers they were
total failures. It. was always so. Before the
war they borrowed from the North the money
to improve their estates, build their railroads
and public works, and it has been mostly paid
in confiscation and bankruptcy. They might
double your debt by adding theirs to it, but
how would they, or could tlaey, discharge it,
except by repudiation ?
What could the northern wing of the party
do? They have had the Administration and
run the Treasury Department for the last three
years. The whisky tax that ought to yield
$90,000,000 per year has, under their man-
agement, yielded less than fourteen million
dollars. They are in favor of free trade, so
they would get nothing from customs. The
internal taxes are now nearly all collected
from whisky, tobacco, banks, and incomes.
Could they find any better sources of revenues?
Would they take the tax from whisky and put
it on bread? From tobacco and put it on
coffee? From incomes and put it on labor?
Or would they abolish taxes altogether? How,
then, could they relieve us of debt? No way,
sir, except by tollowing their southern wing
into repudiation. That would be an expensive
payment. It implies disgrace abroud, aud
distress, revolution, and anarchy at home. I
have always thought the liberties of this coun-
try could not survive a repudiation of its debt.
I11 my judgment it would produce a convul-
sion which would end in the establishment of
a less popular form of government.
But it is said, again, they could tax thebonds.
Very well. But why make that a party ques-
tion any more than taxing whisky or incomes?
If all the bonds were taxed, including those
held abroad, at the rate proposed, that is, ten
per cent, upon the interest in addition to the
five per cent-already collected, we could only
realize from this source §12,000,000. Com-
pared with our other sources of revenue, this
is a small sum. Why surrender the Govern-
ment, with all its financial, military, and polit-
ical interests to those who but three years ago
were in arms to destroy it altogether, in order
to secure so small a modification of the tax
law? If the people think it best, upon full
consideration, to levy this tax, can thev not so
instruct their Representatives in the several
districts? If General Grant is elected so as to
1 give confidence in the stability of the Goverti-
| ment and the continued peace of the country,
we can exchange our bonds for a long bond
bearing from one to two per cent, less inter-
est. This would save to the country from
twenty to thirty million dollars per year instead
of §12,000,000. We would not only realize m
this way more than as much again money, but
avoid the charge of incipient repudiation. Why
has that not been done already ?
If yoa can tell me why God in his providence
has seen fit to afflict this country with such a
President as Andrew Johnson, lean answer
