636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
is
POST ROUTE IN NSW yobs.
Mr. VAN AERNAM also introduced a bill
H. R. No. 404) to establish a post route from i
ittle Valley to Randolph. New York ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads. j
charlotte crane.
Mr. STEWART introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 463) for the relief of Charlotte Crane;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and of the War of 1S12.
coasting trade and fisheries.
Mr. MOORE introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 155) in relation to vessels enrolled
and licensed for employment in the coasting
trade and fisheries: which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Some time subsequently,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, said: Mr.
Speaker, I desire to call attention to a resolu-
tion introduced by the gentleman from New
Jersey, [Mr. Moore,] and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs. I think it should
go to the Committee on Commerce.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution took
that reference on motion of the gentleman from
New Jersey.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would ,
suggest to the gentleman from New Jersey |
[Mr. Moore] to give his joint resolution a j
proper reference.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution has
already been referred, and under the rule it
cannot be brought back for a change of refer-
ence by a motion to reconsider. The only way
to reach the object of the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washburxe] is to move, after the
expiration of the morning hour, to suspend
the rules.
william sponsler.
Mr. KOONTZ introduced a bill (H. R. No.
466 ) for the relief of William Sponsler, late
a private in company B, one hundredth regi- '
ment Pennsylvania volunteers; which was read •
• first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
' exemption of manufactures.
Mr. MILLER introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 156) to exempt from taxation all-1
«och manufactures as relate to the industrial i
interests of the country ; which was read a first 1
and second time, and referred to the Commit- !
tee of Ways and Means. I
alotsics j. kane. 1
Mr. MILLER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 467) granting a trial by court-martial to
Aloysius J. Kane, late ensign in the Navy;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
mary cover.
Mr. MILLER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 468) granting a pension to Mary Cover, I
ofMiddlctown, Pennsylvania, widow of Samuel
Cover, deceased, late a private in company G,
fiftj'-gixth regiment Pennsylvania volunteers;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
charles mau8.
Mr. MILLER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No- 469) granting a pension to Charles Maus,
of Lewisburg, Pennsylvania, a soldier in the
war of 1812 ; which wa8 read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions and of the War of 1812.
washington and pennsylvania railroad.
Mt. THOMAS introdnced a bill (H. R. No.
470) to authorize the building of a railroad
from Washington City,. District of Columbia,
to connect with the Northern Central railroad
at or near the State line between Pennsylvania
and Maryland; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
fire extinguisher for steamers.
Mr. EGGLESTON introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 157) in regard to requiring
steamboats to use a newly-invented fire extin- 1
guisher; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce. , |
post route in onto. '
Mr. VAN TRUMP introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 471) to establish a post road from Berne
station via Hartzler, Fairfield county, Ohio, to
West Rushville, Fairfield county, Ohio ; which
was read a first and second time, and referfed
to the Committee on the Post Office and Tost
Roads.
bankrupt law.
Mr. MULLINS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
472) to amend an act entitled "An act to estab-
lish a uniform system of bankruptcy through-
out the United States which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. MULLINS. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would suggest to
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Mui.i.ixs]
that it would be better to refer this bill to the
Committee on Revision of Laws of the United
States, of which the gentleman from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Jexckes,] who reported the bill
which was passed into the present bankrupt
law, is a member. The Committee on the
Judiciary have agreed to send all bills and res- i
olutions on that subject before them to the
Committee on Revision of Laws.
Mr. MULLINS. I have no objection. i
The bill was referred accordingly. j
pension laws. ;
Mr. NUNN introduced a bill (H. R. No. ■
473) further extending the provisions of the '
pension laws ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed. j
paymbnt of pensions in coin.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, introduced ,
a bill (H. R. No. 474) to provide for the pay-
ment of pensions in coin ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
district judges.
JJr. COBURN introduced a bill (H. E. No.
475) concerning district judges ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary. *
payment of bountie3 to veterans.
Mr. COBURN also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 476) requiring the War Department to pay
to veteran volunteers their bounties in accord-
ance with General Orders Nos. 191 and 216 of
that Department for the year 1863 ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
heirs of gideon walker.
Mr. HUNTER introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 477) for the relief of the heirs of Gideon
Walker, of Indiana; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
john b  chapman.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana, introduced a
joint resolution (H. R. No. 158) for the relief
of John B. Chapman; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
bounties.
Mr. CULLOM introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 169) in relation to bounties for sol-
diers transferred to the Navy during the late
war; which was reed a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
admiralty cases in district c0cr.ts.
Mr. JUDD introduced a bill (H. R. No. 478)
to amend an act entitled ''An act extending the
jurisdiction of the district courts to certain cases
upon the lakes and navigable waters connecting
the same," approved February 26,1845; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
pay for horses lost in service.
Mr. BROMWELL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 479) to pay officers, musicians, and pri-
vates for horses lost in the service, not killed
in battle ; which was read a first and sccond
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
jurors in district of columbia.
Mr. INGERSOLL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 480) in relation to the pay of grand and
petit jurors in the District of Columbia ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
idiots, etc., in tiie district.
Mr. INGERSOLL .also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 481) in relation to idiots, lunatics,
aud habitual drunkards in the District of Co-
lumbia ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
national life insurance company.
Mr. INGERSOLL also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 482) to incorporate the National Life
Insurance Company of the United States of
America; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
canal and sewerage company.
Mr. INGERSOLL also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 483) to incorporate the Georgetown and
Washington Canal and Sewerage Company;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
metropolitan, etc., insurance company.
Mr. INGERSOLL also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 484) to incorporate the Metropolitan
Fire and Marine Insurance Company of Wash-
ington ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
rioiits of adopted citizens.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri, introduced
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 159) in regard to
rights of naturalized eitizens ; which was read
a first and sccond time.
By unanimous consent, the resolution was
read in extenso, as follows:
. Whereas it appears that one Michael O'Brien,
claiming to be an American citizen, has recently
been tried, convicted, sentenced, and cxocuted for
an alleged offense in England; and whereas it also
apppars that said O'Brien was denied the benefit of
a mixed jury, which by the law of England is granted
subjects or citizens of other n-ations; and whereas it
further appears that said O'Brien appealed to tho
American minister at London, Mr. Adams, claiming
his interference on the ground that he was a citizen
ofthe United States and innocentofthc crime charged,
and that Mr. Adams refused to take any action ia
bis case: Therefore,
lie it resolved by the Senate and Honse of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the President is hereby instructed to de-
mand of tho British Government an explanation in
the matter of Michael O'Brien and such satisfaction
and redress as the facts may warrant.
And be it further resolved. That the President is
hereby instructed to represent to the Government
of Great Britain that the United States acknowledge
no l ight of interference by other States with her nat-
uralized citizens by reason of their nativity or former
allegiance; that they are recognized as entitled to
all rights and protection accorded natural-born citi-
zens, and that the infringement of those rights by
foreign Governments will be held as cause of war by
the Government and people ofthe United States.
And be it .further resolved, That it is the duty of the
President to at once recall Mr. Adams.
The joint resolution was then referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
iielia a. cooksey.
Mr. McCORMICK introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 160) granting a pension to
Tlelia A. Cookscy ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Conimittee on
Invalid Pensions.
