2020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
however, the Navajoes prefer to go into the
Indian Territory, as a great many people say
they would prefer, and it is a better country,
a rich country, why should we force them back
to their old location against their will ? If a
majority are really in favor of going to the
Indian Territory, why not allow them to do
so? I do not know how the fact may be; but
we have information to the effect that many
of them are not in favor of going back but of
coming east. If that should be the case, why
drive them back? Theu we shall be guilty of
the coercion complained of by the Senator
from Michigan.
Mr. COLE. They may be, and probably
will be, anxious to get out of the clutches of
their mortal enemies, the Comanches, and that
may be a reason why they would prefer to be
removed east rather than west.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say a single
word in relation to this question. 1 am per-
fectly willing that this matter sh-ould be left to
the discretion of this commission, because I
have full confidence in them. At the same
time the Senate must not deceive itself by sup-
posing that these Indians are to be disposed of
or removed without any expense to the Govern-
ment. If you remove them to a new reserv-
ation west of Arkansas there will be large ex-
penses necessarily involved. If you send them
back to thoir old country, their former homes,
it is a country nearly as large as the State of
Ohio, and in it there are some two or three
valleys, and in those valleys probably you
will have to fix some kind of reservations.
You must have more or less of military force.
You will have to do more or less toward sus-
taining these Indians while you are taking them
home. The Senate must not deceive itself
with the idea that this Navajo question can be
disposed of without any expense. It will cost
money in any way you come to it and which-
ever course you choose to pursue.
Mr. HENDERSON. It will cost money to
leave them where they are.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, it will cost money
to leave them where they are. It will cost
money if you take them to the Indian Terri-
tory west of Arkansas ; and it will cost money
if you take them to their old homes and hold
guard over them and look after them. It will
be an expensive thing in any event. It is im-
possible that it should be otherwise. How-
ever, sir, I did not rise to object to the propo-
sition to leave this matter to the commission;
but I wished simply to say that 1 do not expect,
and the Senate will deceive itself if it expects,
to dispose of this Indian matter without any
expense.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques ■
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected—ayes seven, noes not counted.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to amend the bill
by adding as a new section:
And be it further enacted, Thatthesum of $40,000 be,
and thorium; is hereby, appropriated for the relief of
the Sissiton and Wahpeton Sioux, parties to the
treaty of May t, 18t>7.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will state to the
Senator that there is a bill reported by the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations to
which this amendment will be more appropri-
ate. I hope the Senator will not propose to
put on this bill an appropriation for Indians.
It is altogether a distinct matter. The bill to
which I have referred will be taken np im-
mediately after the disposition of the first ap-
propriation bill that is to follow this measure.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have but a few words to
say in support of my amendment, and I think
when it is explained to the Senate they will
at once see its propriety.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I feel obliged
■to call for the order of the day.
Mr. RAMSEY. I know what the rules are.
My amendment is in order; this is not a gen-
eral appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not raise
any question of order on the amendment, but
I call for the order of the day.
Several Senators. Let us finish this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have given
way for several hours. I desire to have this
bill disposed of; but I cannot yield much
lohger.
Mr. RAMSEY. I imagine the Senator can-
not call for the order of the day when I am on
the floor. I cannot see how he can take the
floor from me to call for the order of the day.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I rather think
it is in order for me to call for the order of
the day. It was laid aside informally, and I
have a right to call it up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks the Senator from Maine cannot inter-
rupt the proceeding on this bill till he properly
gets the floor. Then he can call for the order
of the day, and the matter will be subject to
the control of the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is no Senator to
whom I would rather yield the floor than the
Senator from Maine ; but at the same time I
prefer to explain the proposition which I have
offered.
Early in January last the Secretary of the
Interior sent a communication to Congress,
calling attention to the necessitous condition
of these Indians, the Sioux Indians located at
the Devil's Lake, stating that there were six
or seven hundred of them in a starving condi-
tion. From that time to this, although the
season has been one of the most inclement in
the North, not one cent of appropriation has
been made for their relief; and yet these In-
dians have a treaty with the Government which
was proclaimed, as is stated in this amend-
ment, on the 2d day of May, 18G7, a treaty
negotiated by them with the Government in
the preceding February or March. By the
tei ms of that treaty they threw themselves en-
tirely upon the generosity and magnanimity of
the Government. It was provided originally
when the treaty was negotiated that, in con-
sideration of the cession of the right of way
through their country for a telegraph and rail-
road line and other things, they should receive
annually a distribution of S100,000*worth of
provisions and goods ; but the Senate, in rati-
fying the treaty, struck out that provision and
in lieu of it inserted this article:
"And further, in consideration of tho destitution
of said bands of Sissiton and Wahpeton Sioux, par-
ties hereto, resulting from tho confiscation of their
annuities and improvements, it is agreed that Con-
gress will, in its own discretion, from time to time
make such appropriations as may be deemed re-
quisite to enable said Indians to return to an agii-
oultural life under the system in operation on the
Sioux reservation in 1802; including, if thought ad-
visable, the establishment and support of local and
manual-labor schools; the employment of agricul-
tural, mechanical, and other teachers ; tho opening
and improvement of individual farms; and generally
such objects as Congress, in its wisdom, sh.Lll deem
necessary to promote I he agricultural improvement
and civilization of said bands."
The Indians, of course, trusting to the gen-
erosity and magnanimity of the Government
under this provision, went to their homes and
expected relief and support; but from that day
to this they have not received a penny. They
were thrown somewhat off their guard antici-
pating support from the Government, and did
not probably make their usual provision for
themselves. The winter has come upon them.
It has been one of the severest we have known
in that northern latitude, and I understand that
many of them have been frozen to death. They
are without clothing, witliout provisions, with-
out'any of those things which are necessary to
sustain human life. The Interior Department,
aware of these facts, communicated informa-
tion of them to Congress early in January last
and called for help, and yet none has been
afforded. Now, I should feel myself to be
guilty of a dereliction of duty to these poor
people, who are in some sense neighbors to
me, if I did not call the attention of the Senate
to the subject now and ask, under the special
circumstances of the^ ease, that this appropria-
tion of $40,000, which was urged by the Secret
tary of the Interior two months ago, should
now be made. I agree to the proposition of
the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs for the relief of the Navajo Indians.
I think they are entitled to it; but when you
consider the difference of climate, when you
consider the solemnity of this treaty made by
this Government with the Indians to whose
case I now call your attention, a year ago, I
think this an infinitely stronger-case and one
that appeals with much stronger force to the
generosity and liberality of the Senate and of
Congress.
The Commissioner of Indian Affairs on the
Gth of January, addressing the Secretary of
the Interior, recommended:
"That the sum of $40,000 be requested to be appro-
priated to relieve their present necessities, to be
placed at the disposal of your Department at an
early day. The treaty, before being amended, pro-
vided for the appropriation of $100,000, but it is be-
lieved that the amount above named will be sufficient
at present, and should bo appropriated at once."
He says further:
" From representations made to this office that that
number of said Indians have located at Devil's lake
and are in a suffering condition, I have respectfultv
tOfl&uggcst that tho attention of Congress be eallcd
to the matter, and that an agent be provided to take
charge of them."
Mr. Benjamin Thompson, the agent for the
Indians, an intelligent gentleman who has long
been in that country, and whose representa-
tions may be relied on, says, on the 14th of
December, 18G7, in a letter to the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs:
"1 am in rcccipt of a letter from Charles Grant,
esq., dated at Pembina on the 26th November, whiell
intormed me that on the 10th of that month there
wero over eighty lodges of Indians at Devil's lake,
and on Sheyennc river, in that vicinity, in the great-
est destitution, and depending on the Government
for assistance. For the credibility of Mr. Grant X
refer you to either of our Senators, or to any of the
Minnesota delegation in Congress. He was several
times elected to the Territorial Legislature of Min-
nesota, and is well known as a reliable man.
" Mr. J. R. Fulsom, Agent C. A. RufTee, Esq., of the
northern overland mail route, writes to me, also,
that when he left Fort Totton, some ten days later"—
Port Totten is at Devil's lake—
" there were about one hundred and thirty lodges in
that vicinity, many of which have recently come in
nearly naked, and without anything to live upon or
the means to obtain subsistence."
One hundred and thirty lodges would indi-
cate about eight hundred Indians. General
Sibley, in a letter to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior under date of December 28, says:
" I have tho honorto represent thatlate and relia-
ble information from the Indian reservation at Devil's
lake represents the condition of the Dakota or Sioux
bands gathered there to be in tho last degree de-
plorable. They arc almost naked and starving,
barely subsisting on what fish they can obtain, ami
as there are no buffalo or other game at this season
they mustreceivo speedy succor or many ofthemwill
perish. In view of tho pressing nature of the call for
aid, Governor Marshall, Bishop Whipple, and my-
self have recommended to Major Benjamin Thomp-
son, the United States Indian agent, to adopt imme-
diate measures to relieve these Indians, stating our
conviction that the Department will approve any
reasonable action ho mav take in the premises."
Mr. President, the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs has very properly said that,
after communication with the Indians, after
having seen them at their homes and upon the
Plains, he is satisfied that the treaty policy is
the better one. But, sir, what can be the
views of these Indians in regard to the treaty
policy? What do you suppose they think of
it? You made a solemn treaty with them
more than a year ago, promising to care for
them in your own best judgment and discre-
tion, and you have absolutely done nothing
whatever for them, but have driven thern to
the very point of starvation. 1 hope that the
Government of the United States, so far as the
Senate is concerned at least, will endeavor to
reinstate itself in the judgment of these poor
people of that northwest countrj'.
Mr. HENDERSON. For the information
of the Senator from Minnesota, I will state that
several days ago I caused dispatches to be sent
to General Terry, to whose attention I called
these Indians last fall and during the winter,
while General Terry was here, and 1 have not
yet received an answer. The Senator will see
the difficulty now of fixing the amount of this
appropriation without estimates from the De-
partment.
