1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4069
the question. For three years he has been
Bitting there, an obstruction to all proper legis-
lation and administration. If we propose a
new bond with low interest lie calls before
him the correspondent of the London Times,
and fills him with apprehensions of repstdiation
to be scattered all over Europe. If we put a
tax on whisky, which, if honestly collected,
would relieve us of all other internal taxes, he
is careful to see that itnever goes to the Treas-
ury. He counsels with the bitterest opponents
of the war and plots with the bitterest rebels.
Their common purpose seems to be to keep
the country distracted; to defeat the recon-
struction of the South ; to advise, prompt, and
aid resistance; to encourage mobs and mur-
ders to fulfill their prophetic war of races; to
keep the finances unsettled and business men
in doubt; to worry the men who trusted the
Government when they would not and make
thetn unpopular with the people; to magnify
the burdens of taxation, and thus confuse the
judgment and tire the patience of the people.
The more distress, real or imaginary, they
can produce in the country the greater will be
their chances of political success.
They make the trouble and hold the Repub-
licans responsible for it. With Johnson con-
trolling the Treasury and all the Executive De-
partments we can do nothing. He can and
will and does thwart all our efforts. If the
Government now goes into the hands of the
southern rebels with only such restraints as
their northern allies choose to impose, capital-
ists will have no confidence in the maintenance
of any new contract and will make none.
Butitissaid, again, that this party would pay
off' the bonds in greenbacks at once and have
done with interest. At present we have no
surplus of greenbacks to pay with, and unless
taxation is very much increased we will not
have for several years to come. Whether the
bonds shall be paid in greenbacks or gold is a
question for the future. It is not a question
tor this year or next. It may never be a ques-
tion. Before we will be able to pay at all, or
can be called on to pay, gold and greenbacks
may and probably will be of equal value. It
may become a troublesome question at some
future day; but why anticipate the trouble?
Do not the times furnish trouble enough with-
out this?
Yes: but the Democrats would print green-
backs enouglt to pay off the bonds. That would
give us 3:2,500,000,000 of currency at least; if
the bank i:-sue was still outstanding. $2,800,-
000,000. During the war the De.nocrats de-
clared that in time it would take a cord of
greenbacks to pay for a cord of wood. They
would thus fulfill their own prophecy. Such a
course would wipe out the bonds ; but the public
creditors would not be the only sufferers. It
would discharge all private debts as well. But
like the confederate currency it would have
little value except to pay debts, and after thai
nobody would take it. A debtor might sell a
liorse tor enough to pay for a farm he purchased
on credit the year before; but there the traffic
would end; all trade would stop ; all manufac-
tures would stop; the poor would have no
employment, and property command no price.
But, after all, it might not effect a discharge
of debts eitherpublic or private. Suppose the
debtors should refuse to takei t, and the Supreme
Court should decide the law unconstitutional
and void. That would bring everybody to
specie payments at once. It is well understood
that this court will ultimately render such a
decision on the present legal-tender law. They
only waita favorable time. Such an avalanche
of irredeemable paper might force the decision
at once.
As proof of the financial ability of this party
we are reminded that in 18G1 they left the
country free from debt, and that under our
administration a debt of $2,500,000,000 has
been created. The statement is not quite true.
They left the country in debt nearly one hun-
dred million dollars iti time of peace, aud its
credit so low that Howell Cobb, the Secretary of
the Treasury, informed Congress in December, ,
1860, that he was unable, after repeated efforts,
to borrow the little sum of $10,000,000. It is
true, we have a large debt now; but who caused
it? It will be admitted that the debt was cre-
ated to suppress the rebellion, and the southern
wing of the party which now complains of it
got up the rebellion to divide the Union. It
ought also to be admitted, but I suppose will
not be, that the rebellion was prompted and
encouraged by a portion of the northern wing.
Upon some portion of the Democratic party,
as at present organized, lies the whole respons-
ibility of this rebellion. Is it fair, then, to
hold us responsible for a debt caused by the
misconduct of our opponents?
In 1863 there was a great anti-war riot in
New York. To suppress it and repair dam-
ages cost the city a large sum of money. Sup-
pose these rioters and their sympathetic friends
the next year had formed a party aud nomin-
ated a ticket to contest with the old officials
the possession of the city government, would
they have had the cheek to urge as a reason
for the change that the debt of the city had
been enlarged the year before? During the
war the beautiful town of Cliambersburg, in
the State of Pennsylvania, was burned by the
rebels. A large debt was created to rcbu.ld
it. Suppose these incendiaries had settled in
Chambersburg after the war was over and had
finally been placed on the Democratic ticket
for local officers, would it have been altogether
modest in thetn to urge the people to select
them because the old officers had created this
debt? If a discharged cashier, turning thief
and robbing your bank, aud thus entailing
upon it a heavy debt, should, upon his return
from the penitentiary, ask to be restored to his
old place, and give as a reason that your bank
was out of debt when he was discharged, and
a large debt had been created by his successor,
would you be likely to restore him? And yet
the impudence of the New York rioters, the
Chambersburgincendiaries, and the discharged
cashier would not be greater than that of the
late rebels and their northern allies, who ask
to be restored to power because t heir own mis-
conduct has forced the contraction of a large
debt.
The talk about relieving the country of its
obligations means repudiation or it is a decep-
tion. They cannot levy the taxes more judi-
ciously, nor collect and apply them more hon-
estly than anybody else. Their three years
trial under Jlr. Johnson has not developed any
superior character in this direction. They cer-
tainly could not negotiate for a low rate of in-
terest to advantage. Capitalists, knowing the
debt will always be hateful to a large portion
of their party because it must ever remind
them of their folly and humiliation, would fear
to ti ust them.
This portion of their party, to frighten the
people into total or partial repudiation con-
stantly magnify the burden and decry the ability
of the country to discharge it. Why, Mr.
Chairman, the amount of ourproperty to-dayis
$22,000,000,000. Every twelve years it doubles.
Our population is forty millions, and doubles
every twenty-five years. The increase in the
•wealth of the country, as shown by an able and
accurate mathematician, would pay the whole
debt m two years. In twenty-live years from
this time our population will be eighty millions,
and our property worth $80,41-1,000,000. To
our increased wealth and population the whole
debt would be no more than one fourth of it is
to us. If, then, they mean repudiation we do
not need it, and cannot afford it. If, in any
other respect, tuey claim financial superiority,
it is unfounded presumption.
Aside from this question of finance, this
party promise nothing except to fight over and
fight backwards the political battles of the last
twelve years, is the country prepared to em-
bark in such a struggle ? Do we want an Ad-
ministration which will not only resist all
further progress, as Mr. Johnson has done, but
undertake to work the country back, act by
act and measure by measure, to the days of,
Pierce and Buchanan ? Is any human being i
to be benefited by'it? Would it not be better
to choose an Administration which will not only
hold fast to the liberty aud privileges already
secured to the people, but, as time and oppor-
tunity permit, move slowly forward on the
great Republican doctrine of equal political
rights?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, addressed
the committee upon the subject of the taxation
of -Government bonds. [His remarks will
appear in the Appendix.]
Mr. GARFIEL.D. I dislike very much to
trespass upon the patience of the committeeat
this late hour. But I desire to say a few words
upon the topics which have been discussed by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
ler.]
Mr. MULLINS. If the gentleman does not
desire to go on to-night I will move that the
committee rise.
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not think what I
have to say will require more than half an hour.
But gentlemen cau do as they please about the
committee rising.
Mr. MULLINS. I move that the committee
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and Mr.
Behk having takeu the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Cullom reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
having had under consideration the Union gen-
erally, had come to no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. CULLOM, (at
nine o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petition.
The following petition was presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittee :
By Mr. O'NEILL : The petition and affi-
davit of Mrs. Sarah Adelaide Seherr, widow of
Captain William E. Scherr, asking for a pen-
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 15, 1868.
Priyer by Rev. E. II. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. DRAKE, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
NAVY AND MAKXKB CORPS.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up now for consideration
House bill No. 941, which was under consider-
ation the day before yesterday. I do not mean,
in asking this, to interfere with the morning
business, and will give way for that if the
Senate will be so kind as to allow the bill to
be taken up, so that 1 may get a chance to
have it put through. It is a House bill, with
amendments agreed to by the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. POMEROY. If the bill _ is not going
to excite discussion I will not object; but if it
is going to be debated all the morning hour 
Mr. DRAKE. 1 do not think it is, and I
will give way immediately for the usual morn-
ing business if the Senate will allow the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to have its amendment
considered.
Mr. POMEROY. Yesterday morning we
lost the morning hour and all the day; and if
this bill is going to excite discussion I shall
object to its being taken up now.
Mr. DRAKE. I will state for the informa-
tion of the Senator from Kansas that this is
simply a bill in regard to naval affairs that came
from the House, and the Naval Committee of
the Senate propose certain amendments to it
which I do not think will give rise to discus-
sion. We acted on part of them the other day;
and all I want is that the amendments may be
concluded and the bill go back to the House of
Representatives for agreement in these amend-
ments. I do not think any such result as the
Senator from Kansas apprehends will follow
