1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3045
the gentleman not to interpose an amendment
here which will discriminate in favor of these
luxuries and against the necessary industry
of the country. I yield the remainder of my
time to the gentleman from New Hampshire.
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire. 1
desire to say that I did not understand when
1 moved the amendment that an amendment
had been made reducing the tax from ten dol-
lars to live dollars. That certainly is a con-
cession on the part of the committee which I
hail with a great deal of satisfaction. I will
say to the gentleman who appeals to me to
know whether I desire to discriminate that I
think the appeal was made, to my knowledge,
by way of enlargement of his own speech, and
not with any idea that I could entertain a feel-
ing of that kind. 1 put the question to him
■which he has avoided answering, whether the
Committee of Ways and Means have not ascer-
tained—-and I now ask him if they have not so
announced to the House—that it is utterly
impossible to collect the tax on manufactured
tobacco under the present law? He has not
answered it; he evades it.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not evade it. The
specific tax 1 know has been avoided, not the
tax upon the dealer.
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire. Then
I will say I desire just this: that the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means and this House shall
devise some means by which we can collect
the tax already imposed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire. I with-
draw the amendment.
The' Clerk read as follows :
Manufacturers of tobacco shall each pay ten dol-
lars. ami, in addition thereto, where the amount of
tile penal sum of the bond of such manufacturer, re-
quired by this act to be given to the collector of the
district, shall exceed the sum of $3,000 two dollars
for each §1,009 ni excess of $5,000 of sueh penal sum.
Every pcrsou whose business it is to manufacture
tobacco or snutf lor himself, or who shall employ
otiicis to manuiacture tobacco orsnuff.whethersueh
manufacture shall be by cutting, pressing, grinding,
Ci u tnng, or rubbing ol any leal or raw tobacco, or
octiei wise piepnriiig rawor leaf tobacco ormanufac-
tui-ed or partially manufactured tobacco or snuff, or
the putting up for use or consumption of scraps,
waste, clippings, stems, or deposits of tobacco, re-
quiting ttom any process of handling tobacco, shall
be regarded as a manufacturer of tobacco.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike out in
line seven hundred and thirty-five the words,
••collector of the district." They are unne-
cessary, as the bond is given to the United
States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PILE. I move to amend by striking
out the following:
Where the amount of the penal sum of the bond
of Mich inanuf.ictui er, required by this ae tto be given
to Ihf collector of the disirict, shall exceed the sum
oi jj.OOa iwo dollars for each$1,000 in excess ol $5,000
ol Mich penal sum.
And by inserting in lieu thereof the follow-
ing:
When the yearly sales of such manufacturer shall
exceed $5,000, tw i dollars for each additional $1,000.
1 offer this for the purpose of inquiring of
the chairman of the committee il the provision
of the section, as it now stands, is not liable
to abuse in this way'.'
The tax is graduated by the penal sum of
the bond. If I remember the general provis-
ion of the bill with reference to the bond, it
may be increased by the collector, and the col-
lectorortheCominissionerof Internal Revenue,
together with the collector, has discretionary
supervision of these bonds, and may impose a
heavy bond on one man and a light bond upon
another. If that be true, I can readily see
how, for personal purposes, a collector may
impose great hardships upon one manufacturer
and extend favors to another. Or if the
amount of the bond is graduated upon the
machines the manufacturers may have, then
I think a man should not be required to give
bonds for the definite number of machines or
presses he may own when he may use them
only half the year and not use them the rest
of the year, while other manufacturers may
use theirs the whole of the year. This tax
should be graduated as other taxes of this
kind are, upon the amount of business and
manufacturing done. If there is any reason
for the change of the graduation of this tax
from the amount of sales to the amount of the
penal bonds that can be given by the commis-
sioner, I shall not press the amendment, but I
should like to have the matter explained.
Mr. SCHENOK. The object of this was to
fix the special tax in conformity with the pro-
visions in relation to the bonds to be given by
manufacturers of tobacco. On page 204 it is
provided that the manufacturer of tobacco
" shall give a bond in conformity with the pro-
visions of this act, to be approved by the assessor
of the district, in the sum of S2.000, with an
addition to said sum of $3,000 for each cutting
machine kept for use, of $1,000 for each screw-
press kept for use in making plug or pressed
tobacco, of $5,000 for each hydraulic press
kept for use, of $1,000 for each snuff-mill kept
for use, and of $1,000 for each hand-mill,"
&c. So that the bond is regulated by the
amount of business that is done, and the special
tax is made to conform to the amount of the
bond, the bond indicating the amount of
business.
Mr. PILE. It may become necessary for
the manufacturer to have more presses and
more cutting-machines than he can use the
entire year.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then he will cancel his
bond so far.
Mr. PILE. This provision in regard to the
bond applies to the number of machines he
has, and not to the number that he uses.
The question was taken on Mr. Pile's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
The next paragraph was read as follows:
Manufacturers of cigars, whose annual sales shall
not exceed $5,000, shall each pay ten dollars, and two
dollars for each additional $1,000 in excess of $5,000.
Every person whose business it is to make or manu-
facture cigars for himself, or who shall employ others
to make or manufacture cigars, shall be regarded as
a manufactuier of cigars: Provided, That no special
tax receipt shall issue to any manufacturer of cigars
until he shall have given the bond required by law.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer the following
amendment from the Committee of Ways and
Means:
Page 123, line seven hundred and forty-nine, after
the word "and," at the end of the line, insert "when
their annual receipts exceed .$5,000."
So that it will read:
Manufacturers of cigars whose annua! sales shall
not exceed $5,000 shall pay ten dollars, and when
their annual receipts exceed $5,000, two dollars for
each additional $1,000 in excess of $5,000, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MILLER. In line seven hundred and
forty-nine I move to strike out "ten'' and
insert " five" in lieu thereof, so as to make the
tax five dollars. I believe there will be no
objection to that. Five dollars is what they
have had to pay heretofore.
Mr. SCHENCK. That will simply put them
on a more favorable footing than any other
manufacturers. 1 hat is all I have to say.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The next paragraph was read as follows:
Cigar-makers shall each pay one dollar. Every
person whose business it is to make cigars for others,
either for pay, upon commission, on shares, or other-
wise from material furnished by otheis, shall be
regarded as a cigar-maker. Every cigar-maker em-
ployed in the making of cigars in any collection dis-
trict. other than the district where such special tax
receipt shall have been issued to him, shall register
his name and residence, without previous demand
therefor, with the assistant assessor ol the division
in which such cigar-tnakershall be so employed; and
anv cigar-maker who shall neglect or reiuse to make
such registry shall, on conviction thereot, be hned
five dollars i'or each day that such cigar-maker shall
so offend by neglecting or lefusing to register.
Mr SCHENCK. On page 123, line seven
hundred and-fifty-seven, I move to strike out
the words "one dollar" and insert ' twenty-
five cents" in lieu thereof; so that it will read
" eigar-ma\;ers shall each pay twenty;five
cents." I propose, in behalfof the Committee
of Ways and Means, to reduce the dollar to
twenty-five cents. I know that all around me
are a great number of patriotic gentlemen
ready to pitch in for the protection of the poor
cigar-makers. [Laughter.] Now, the truth is
that you cannot keep up a system under which
we shall know what cigars are made unlessyou
have a registration of cigar-makers. Most of
the cigars are not made in the shops, but, are
made outside by persons who lake the maSjrial
and return a certain number of cigars, persons
who carry their work home with them. The
object is to have a registration of the cigar-
makers; it is not for the purpose of revenue.
The proof of that is to be found in the fact
that we propose that the whole of this twenty-
five cent fee—for that is what we propose to
reduce the tax to—-shall be given to the assessor
for issuing the certificate. Gentlemen say
that it is very hard that a man cannot be
employed as a cigar-maker without taking out
a certificate as such. So it is probably as
compared with other laborers; but we are
perfectly satisfied, from the experience of this
and every other country, that when you under-
take to keep the run of the business of cigar-
making you must know who make the cigars.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Why not let the cer-
tificate be issued without expense to the cigar-
makers?
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I would
ask the gentleman 
Mr. BROMWELL. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. SCHEN CK. I cannot well yield to and
answer more than five gentlemen at one and the
same time.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. What
is the objection to the present mode of grant-
ing permits to cigar- makers, and not imposing
a direct tax upon them?
Mr. SCHENCK, That costs fifty cents.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. No;
twenty-five cents.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not care what it is.
Gentlemen may make it one cent if they please.
All that I want to show is that it is no tax, no
oppression. I defy any one who has ever
attempted to follow this business of cigar-mak-
ing, to keep the run of it in such a way as to
protect the Government against frauds or eva-
sions of the law unless some account is kept
of those who are engaged in making cigars for
manufacturers?
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia.^ What
is the objection to inserting in section one
hundred and sixty-three of this bill, in which
the duties of these c'^ar-makers are specified,
a provision requiring this registration to^ be
made? As this provision now stands it im-
poses a direct tax upon the cigar-makers, which
I want to avoid. Let it come in as a permit,
the same as under the present law.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will tell the gentleman
the difficulty about the permit as lie calls it.
These were originally called permits and li-
censes ; but the Supreme Court decided that
you could not grant permits, you could not
grant licenses; that it was not within the power
of the Congress of the United States to pass
laws by whieh privileges were to be given for
the future; but that you might put a special
tax upon persons with reference to the business
they followed, and attach to that business any
condition. And it is in conformity with^ that
decision that the law has been altered. Under
the decision of the Supreme Court what used to
be called licenses have been entirely abandoned,
and we have substituted special taxes upon all
persons according to the pursuits in which they
are engaged. That has been kept up and sus-
tained for the last two or three years.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. All
right; I am satisfied.
Mr. PAINE. It has been said by the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means that
he proposes to impose this tax of twenty-h^e
cents for the purpose of effecting registration
in order to enable the officers of the Govem-
i ment to follow the cigars that are made and
tax them. Now, if we impose a tax on these
cio-ir-ir-Ws. we will makeitau object on their
part to eTude the registration As the object
is not to secure revenue from the cigar-maker
by registration, it seems to nie tlie best plan
