2022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I callfor the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of reports of com-
mittees of a private nature.
ocean line of steamships.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 939) to provide for an Amer-
ican line of mail and emigrant passenger
steamships between New York and one or
more European ports ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to
be printed.
equalization of bounties.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I ask unan-
imous consent to report from the Committee
on Military Affairs, and have ordered to be
printed and recommitted, a bill to equalize the
bounties of soldiers, sailors, and marines who
served in the late war for the Union.
No objection was made; and the bill (H. R.
No. 940) was read a first and second time.
Mr. HOLMAN. Instead of having that bill
printed and recommitted, I would ask my col-
league [Mr. Washburn, of Indiana] to have
the bill set down for consideration on some
particular day.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I liave no
objection to that.
The SPEAKER. That would require unan-
imous consent, it being a different arrangement
from that for which consent has already been
granted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I objcct.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Then I
move that the bill be printe'd, and ordered to
be recommitted.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I move to reconsider the votes
of this House this morning referring bills to
committees ; and also move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
navy" and marine corps.
Mr. PIKU. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and have printed and recommitted, a bill to
amend certain acts in relation to the Navy and
Marine corps.
No objection was made; and the bill (II. It.
No. 941) was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and recommitted to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
northern pacific railroad.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. It. No. !)4"2) additional
to an act granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from Lake
Superior to Puget sound, on the Pacific coast,
by a northern route; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Pacific Railroad.
minnesota land grants.
Mr. DONNELLY. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a bill making agrant of lands
to the State of Minnesota, in aid of the con-
struction of a railroad from Taylor's Palls via
St. Cloud to the western boundary of said
State, and have the same referred to the ap-
propriate committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Some time subsequently,
Mr. HOLMAN said: I objected some time
since to the introduction of a bill by the gen-
tleman from Minnesota [Mr. Donnelly]
making a land grant to that State. While I
am opposed to the passage of the bill, I will
not object to its being introduced and referred
to a committee.
Mr. DONNELLY. I ask that the bill be
also printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I objected
to the introduction of this bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood
the objection to come from the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] who has just with-
drawn it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I also
objected.
The SPEAKER. Then the bill is not be-
fore the House. "
drawback on copper exported.
Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 943) to allow a certain
drawback on copper in pigs, bars, or ingots
exported from the United States ; which was
read a first, and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
battalion california mountaineers.
Mr. HIGBY, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented concurrent resolutions ofthe Legislature
of the State of California, asking Congress to
place the first battalion mountaineers of the
California infantry volunteers on the same foot-
ing with other volunteer soldiers; which were
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
personal explanation.
Mr. MULLINS. Mr. Speaker, I was neces-
sarily absent yesterday, when the bill for the
continuance of the Freedmen's Bureau was
passed. If present, I would have voied for its
passage. I ask consent to record my vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, under the rules,
cannot ask unanimous consent for that pur-
pose. The only way in which the gentleman
can effect his object is by moving to huspeud
the rules when that motion is in order.
tax on manufactures.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its Clerks, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (II. It. No. 900) to exempt certain
manufactures from internal tax, with amend-
ments, in which the concurrence ol'the House
was requested.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of Ways
and Means is in session to day upon the tux
bill; and the chairman of that committee [Mr.
Schenck] requested that if this bill should be
returned from the Senate it should be referred
with the amendments to the Committee of
Ways and Means. If there is no objection,
the reference will be made.
There was no objection.
loss of judicial records.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 944) to pro-
vide a remedy for the loss or destruction of
judgment records or decrees pertaining to
proceedings in the United States courts; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the various votes by which bills haye
been referred to committees ; and also moved
that, the motion to reconsider be laidou the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ellen cuiuiy.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 945) to place the
name of Ellon Curry, widow of James Curry,
deceased, a private soldier of company F,
thirty-ninth regiment. Illinois volunteers, upon
the penson-roll of the United States ; which
was read a first and sccond time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
order of business.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I rise to a question of
privilege.
The SPEAKER. What question of priv-
ilege ?
Mr. VAN WYCK. Merely to a personal
explanation.
The SPEAKER. That is not a question
of privilege, and requires unanimous consent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object
until after the morning hour shall have com-
menced.
The SPEAKER. The first business in the
morning hour, this being Friday, is the con-
sideration of bills of a private nature, under
which order the House will resume the consid-
eration of a bill pending at the expiration of
the morning hour on Friday last, reported by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Law-
rence,] from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads. It is House bill No. 8U7,
for the relief of Jonathan Jessop, postmaster
at York, Pennsylvania.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I sup-
posed, when I reported this bill, that it was so
reasonable there would be no objection to it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Lawrence] yield to me for
a few moments?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. For
what purpose?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to ask leave
of the House for a personal explanation.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I will
yield for a few moments.
personal explanation.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent for a minute or two to make a statement
personal to myself.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-'
mous consent.
There was no objection.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not so much wish,
myself to make an explanation as to have one
made by my colleague from the Galena dis-
trict, [Mr. Washbuknb, of Illinois.] When
the appropriation bill was under consideration
on the 28th ultimo he made a statement to
which I desire to call attention. Upon read-
ing his statement in the Globe the next morn-
ing I found that it contained a reflection upon
myself; at least I so construed it. And now,
sir, I embrace this the first opportunity since
my colleague's restoration to health to call his
attention to the matter. I attempted to do so
the other day, but failed on account of the
objection of my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Spald-
ing.]
1 had made a motion in Committee of the
Whole to strike out an appropriation of $26,000
reported from the committee for the Chain
Bridge, as I believed the appropriation to be
unnecessary at the present time, and that, if it
should prove to be necessary, it could be in-
cluded afterward in a supplemental bill. In
that connection my colleague said:
"I have no interest in this matter. I care nothing
about it. I suppose the Committee of the Whole
would be very reluctant to strike out an appropria-
tion of $26,000, as it would be so much less taken out
of the Treasury."
I suppose that to this remark all the mem-
bers of the Committee of the Whole might
justly take exception. But my colleague pro-
ceeded :
"But I think I understand the reason why mv col-
league [Mr. Inukksoll] de&ircs that it should be
stricken out."
Now, sir, I come to the language to which I
jiarticularly object:
"The object i■' to open the wny for a bic; job of
several million dollars for building another bridge."
Now, sir, I desire my colleague to state
whether he thinks my intention was to open
the way for a " big job" 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I did not
say ihut it was the intention or object of my
colleague, f said it was the object. Of course,
I did not mean to impute that intention to my
colleague.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, Mr. Speaker, that
is a rather short explanation. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, I wish to enter my protest against
the habit of some members here in debate of
using smooth-bore guns shooting at. random—
of making general imputations without regard
to the manner in which they may affect the
personal character of other members. I say
that this practice is not right, is not courteous,
and should not be indulged. I, of course,
knew that my colleague meant nothing per-
sonally offensive toward me by the remark I
have quoted; but a stranger reading the report
would very naturally and almost inevitably
conclude that my colleague intended to charge
me with an attempt to "open the way for a
big job of several million dollars," to be taken
out of the United States Treasury. And in
this connection I would remark that the whole
