4070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
the allowing of this bill to come up. I beg
him not to interpose an objection.
Mr. POMEKOY. With the understanding
that it is not to be discussed I shall not object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senate unanimously consent to take up the bill
at this time?
Mr. MORGAN. I should like to hear the
title of the bill.
The Ciiief Clerk. A bill (H. R. No. 941)
to amend certain acts in relation to the Navy
and Marine corps.
By unanimous consent, the consideration of
the bill was resumed as in Committee of the
Whole, the pending question being on the
amendment of the Committee on Naval Affairs
to the fourth section, to strike out in line three
the words "are hereby" and insert "shall on
the 1st day of November next be and after
the word "repealed" to insert "except as to
assistant surgeons;" so as to make the section
read:
Sue. 4. Andbe it further enacted, That all nets and
part of acts authorizing the appointment of tempo-
rary acting ofiiceis in the Navy shall, on the 1st day
of November next, be repealed, except as to assist-
ant surgeons.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Committee on Naval Affairs further pro-
posed to amend the bill by adding the following
additional sections :
Sec. 5, And be it further enacted, That officerswho
have been promoted in pursuance of tne ninth sec-
tion of the "Act to amend ceitnin acts in relation to
the Navy," passed March 2,186~.sliallbo entitled to
receive, from the date of such promotion, the same
pay, when not on active duty, that they were at the
time of being so promoted entitled to when not on
such duty, under ttie laws then in iorce regulating
the pay of otScers on the retired and reserved h*ts
of tne Navy; and the said ninth section of said act
is hereby repealed.
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted, That the students
in the Naval Academy shnll hercafterbc styled cadet
midshipmen; and they shall be selected and ap-
pointed as pi escribed in the eighth section of the
"Act to amend ccrtain acts in relation to the Navy.''
passed March 2,18d7, and shall lie subject to-the laws
applicable to the students at said Academy under the
style of midshipmen. When cadet midshipmen shall
havo passed successfully the £nul tuning examination
at.said a,cadciny they shall reccive wairants as mid-
shipmen, ranking accoiding to merit; nnd as such
shall have the rank, lineal and relative, and receive
the p ly now held and received by ensigns. Andsueh
midshipmen as have heretofore graduated at said
academy, but have not yet become ensigns, shall in
like manner receive warrants as midshipmen, of tho
date of their graduation, and shall iiom lhatdate be
entitled to tho rank and pay aforesaid. The number
of midshipmen in tho Navy shall not be limited by
any law now in torce, but shall he according to the
mtmber of graduates of said academy now holding
the rank ot midshipmen, with sneh as may hereafter,
upon graduation, become from timo to time midship-
men under the terms of i Inspection. And all acts or
parts of acts inconsistent with this section are hereby
repealed.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That no further
appointment of ensigns shall be made; and when-
ever there shall no longer remain in the Navy any
officer of that grade the grade shall be abolished.
Puiure promotions of midshipmen shall be to the
grade of master.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed ;
and the title was amended to read, "A bill to
amend certain acts concerning the Navy."
petitions and mesioiiials.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of
Army officers, praying for the passage of the
bii! to fix and equalize the pay of officers and
to establish the pay of enlisted soldiers of the
Army; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. PA ITERSON, of Tennessee, presented
a petition of otficersof the United States Army,
praying an increase of compensation ; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
A (fairs and the Militia.
Mr. CONIvLING presented a petition of
citizens of New York, praying the passage of
the bill granting pensions to the surviving sol-
diers in the war of 1812 ; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. CORBETT presented a memorial of
lie v. John Sehoenmakers, against the ratifi-
cation of the treaty with the Osage Indians;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
He also presented resolutions of the com-
mon council of Lawrence, Kansas, in favor of
the ratification of the treaty with the Osage
Indians; which wasreferred to the Committee
oil Indian Affairs.
civil appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to enter a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the conference
report on House bill No. 818, the civil appro-
priation bill, was yesterday agreed to. 1 am
informed that the legislative clause in the bill
in regard to the patent fund was not acted
upon in either House, and will create embar-
rassment. I have not had time to examine
it. I ask that the motion to reconsider be en-
tered.
ThePRESIDENTproteropore. The report
has been sent, with the bill, to the House of
Representatives.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit a motion that it
be recalled for that purpose.
The motion was agreed to.
reports of committees.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No. 1341) making appro
priations and to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1808,
and for other purposes, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. MORGAN and Mr. CHANDLER,
from the Committee on Commerce, submitted
amendments intended to be proposed to House
bill No. 1341; which were referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the bill (tl. It. No. 451) providing
for the sale of the arsenal grounds at St. Louis
and Liberty, Missouri, and for other purposes,
reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of George Fuerst,
praying to be allowed transportation to Fort
Vancouver, Washington Territory, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. W1LLEY, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 310) to incorporate the George-
town and Washington Canal and Sewerage
Company, reported it without amendment,
and submitted a report; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom were referred the fol-
lowing message, memorials, and petition,
asked to be discharged from their further con-
sideration; which was agreed to;
A message of the President of the United
States of February 19, 1808, communicating a
list of the names of counterfeiters pardoned
by the President since May 1, 1865 ;
Memorials of citizens of Louisiana, protest-
ing against the reconstruction laws of Con^
gress ; and
A petition of citizens of New York praying
an extension of the time of the fifty per cent,
clause of the bankrupt law.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 177) regulating
the rights of property of married women in the
District of Columbia, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office, reported a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 1G1) providing that a
certain part of the act making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses ot the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1869, and
for other purposes," shall not take effect until
the 1st day of March 1869, which was read
and passed to a second reading.
agricultural report.
Mr, CAMERON submitted the following
resolution ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That there bo printed for the use of the
Senate twenty-five thousand extra copies of the last
agricultural report, and five thousand cxtraeopiesfor
distribution by tho Agticuitural Bureau.
correction oit A report.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, T rise to a priv-
ileged question. I observe in the report in
the Chronicle this morning:
" Mr. Colb spoke in favor of the amendment of
tho Finance Committee, expressing the opinion,
however, that the third section, authorizing the in-
terchange of bonds and lawful money, would lead to
great confusion in the money market."
Though in favor of the report of-the Finance
Committee, I expressed no such sentiment as
that attributed to me in the latter part of this
paragraph. It is seldom that I take notice of
what is said concerning me, or reported as
from me, in the papers, and I would not now
except that this entirely misrepresents my
views.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, transmitting to the Senate
a report of the Secretary of State, inclosing a
list of the States of the Union whose Legisla-
tures have ratified the proposed fourteenth
article of amendment to the Constitution of
the United States, and a copy of the resolu-
tions of ratification, as called for in the Sen-
ate's resolution of the 9th instant, together
with a copy of the respective resolutions of
the Legislatures of Ohio and New Jersey pur-
porting to rescind the resolutions of ratifica-
tion of the amendment which had previously
been adopted by the Legislatures of those two
States respectively, or to withdraw their consent
to the same; which wasreferred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
He also laid before the Senate a message
from the President of the United States, trans-
mitting a report to Congress, with the accom-
panying papers, from the Secretary of State,
in compliance wilh the requirements of the
eighteenth section of the act entitled "An act
to regulate the diplomatic and consular systems
of the United States," approved August 18,
1850; which was ordered to lie on the table.
vacancies in executive departments.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the Senate
proceeded to consider its amendments to the
amendment, of the House of Representatives
to the bill (S. No. 352) to authorize the tem-
porary supplying of vacancies in the Executive
Departments, disagreed to by the House: and
On motion by Mr. TRUMBULL,
Resolved. That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the House amendment to the faid bi!! dis-
agreed to by the House of hepresentaiivc, and ask
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the pirt of the
Senate bo appointed by the lJi esident pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Trumbull, Mr. Edmunds, and Mr. Vick-
eks.
bills introduced.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
017) to reduce the military peace establish-
ment of the United States; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
618) legalizing certain locations of agricul
tural college scrip therein designated; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lauds.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to intioduce a bill
(S. No. 619) to extend the laws of the United
States relating to customs, commerce, and
navigation, over the territory ceded to the Uni-
ted States by Russia, to establish a collection
district therein, and for other purposes ; which
