1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
523
Laws of the United States.
40th Cong.. ..2d Sess.
compensation for the fiscal year ending June
thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, is
hereby appropriated.
Sec. G. And be it further enacted, That no
statuary, paintings, or other articles, the prop-
erty of private individuals, shall hereafter be
allowed to be exhibited in the Rotunda or any
other portion of the Capitol building; and it
shall be the doty of the superintendent in charge
of the public buildings to remove all such
statuary, paintings, or other articles, being the
property of private individuals, now in the
Capitol.
Approved, July 20, 1868.
Chap. CLXXYII.—An Act making Appro-
priations for sundry Civil Expenses of the
Government for the year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, and for
other purposes.
Be itenactedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, for
the objects hereinafter expressed, forthe fiscal
year ending the thirtieth June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-nine, viz.:
miscellaneous.
For necessary expenses in carrying into effect
the several acts of Congress authorizing loans
and the issue of Treasury notes, one million
two hundred and fifty thousand dollars: Pro-
vided, That none of the said sum shall be used
to pay commissions for the purchase, sale, or
conversion of the bonds or note3 of the United
States: And provided further, That allneees-
sary letter-press printing and book-binding, in
all the Departments and bureaus, shall be done
and executed at the Government Printing
Office, and not elsewhere, except registered
bonds and written records, which may be
bound as heretofore at the Department.
For carrying out the provisions of the acts
of the thirtieth of August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-two, for the better protection of the
lives of passengers on vessels propelled in whole
or m part by steam, and of the acts amendatoiy
thereof, the following suras, to wit: for the
salaries of the supervising and local inspectors,
eighty thousand four hundred dollars for the
traveling expenses of the supervising inspect-
ors, ten thousand dollars, or so much thereof
as may be necessary: Provided, That no su-
pervising inspector shall be allowed for travel
in his district in any one year a greater sum
than one thousand dollars: for the traveling
expenses of the local inspectors, twelve thou-
sand dollars, or so much thereof as may be
necessary: Provided further, That no local
inspector shall be allowed for travel in any ono
year a greater sum than five hundred dollars.
For the traveling expenses of a special agent
of the Department, one thousand five hundred
dollars; for the expenses of the meeting of
the board of supervising inspectors, including
travel, printing of manual and report, three
thousand five hundred dollars, and there shall
be but one meeting annually of the said board,
which shall be at the city of Washington on
the second Wednesday of January in each year:
for stationery, for furniture of officesand repair
thereof, for repair and transportation of instru-
ments, and for fuel and lights, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For facilitating communication between the
Atlantic and Pacific States by electrical tele-
graph, forty thousand dollars.
For expenses in detecting and bringing to
trial and punishment persons engaged in coun-
terfeiting Treasury notes, bonds, and other
securities of the United States, as well as the
coins of the United States, and other frauds
upon the Government, one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars.
To meet expenses incurred in the prosecu-
tion and collection of claims due the United
States, fifteen thousand dollars, to be disbursed
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
For supplying deficiency in the fund forthe
relief of sick and disabled seamen, one hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars: Provided,
That hereafter the Secretary of the Treasury
shall communicate at each annual session of
Congress a full and complete statement in
detail of the amounts collected from seamen,
and also the amount expended for sick and
disabled seamen, in accordance with the pro-
visions of the act of May third, eighteen hun-
dred and two.
For salaries of commissioners under "An
act to provide for the revision and consolida-
tion of the statute laws of the United States,"
approved June twenty-seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, and for clerical services
and other incidental expenses, the printing to
be done by the Government Printing Office,
seventeen thousand dollars.
Forpayment of the messengers of the respect-
ive States for conveying to the seat of Govern-
ment the votes of the electors of said States
for President and Vice President of the United
States, twenty-five thousand dollars.
Towards rebuilding the United States mili-
tary asylum for disabled soldiers at Togus,
near Augusta, Maine, destroyed by accidental
fire, twenty-five thousand dollars: Provided,
That the building shall be completed without
any further appropriation by the Government.
For thepayment for the Congressional Globe
and Appendix, for the fiscal year ending June
thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, twenty
thousand dollars ; to be taken from the appro-
priation heretofore made and unexpended for
the purchase of ono complete set of the Con-
gressional Globe and Appendix for each Sen-
ator ami Representative who has not already
received them.
survey of the coast.
For the survey of the Atlantic and Gulf
coasts of the United States, including compen-
sation of civilians engaged in the work, and
excluding pay and emoluments of officers of
the Army and Navy and petty officers and men
of the Navy employed in the work, two liun-
hundred and seventy-five thousand dollars.
For continuing the survey of the western
coast of the United States, including compen-
sation of civilians engaged in the work, one
hundred and thirty thousand dollars.
For publishing the observations made in the
progress of the coast survey of the United
States, including compensation of civilians em-
ployed in the woik, five thousand dollars.
For pay and rations of engineers for steamers
used in the hydrography of the coast survey,
nor longer supplied by the Navy Department,
per act of June twelfth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-eight, ten thousand dollars.
For repairs and maintenance of the comple-
ment of vessels used in the coast survey, thirty
thousand dollars.
Northern and Western Lakes.
For the survey of northern and northwestern
lakes, seventy-five thousand dollars.
light-house establishment.
For the Atlantic, Gulf, Lake, and Pacific
coasts, viz.:
For supplying the light-houses and beacon-
lights with oil, wicks, glass chimneys, chamois
skins, whiting, spirits of wine, polishing pow-
der, cleaning towels, brushes, and other ne-
cessary expenses of the same, and repairing
and keeping in repair the lighting apparatus,
two hundred and forty-six thousand dollars:
Provided, That the Light-House Board be, and
hereby is, authorized to apply the amount here-
tofore appropiiated " for building a light-house
on a proper site at Trowbridge Point, in Thun-
der bay, in the Slate of Michigan," to build-
ing a light house on a more eligible site, if such
can be found in the immediate vicinity: And
provided further. That the appropriation now
available for rebuilding the light-house at Bai-
ley's Harbor, Lake Michigan, be applied to
the erection of a new structure between that
point and North Bay, and upon its completion
the light at Bailey's Harbor shall be discon-
tinued.
For the necessary repairs and incidental ex-
penses, improving and refitting light-houses
and buildings connected therewith, two hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For salaries of five hundred and eighty-nine
keepers of light-houses and lighted beacons,
and their assistants, four hundred and eighty-
seven thousand three hundred and fifty-two.
dollars.
For salaries of keepers of light-vessels,
twenty-one thousand three hundred dollars.
For seamen's wages, repairs, supplies, and
incidental expenses, of twenty-four light-ves-
sels, two hundred and fliirty-two thousand two
hundred and ninety dollars.
For expenses of raising, cleaning, painting,
repairing, remooring, and supplying losses of
beacons and buoys, and for chains and sinkers
for the same, two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars.
For repairs and incidental expenses of refit-
ting and improving fog signals and buildings
connected therewith, twenty thousand dollars.
For expenses of visitingand inspectinglights
and other aids to navigation, two thousand dol-
lars.
For a lighted beacon on Rose Island, Nar-
raganset bay, seven thousand five hundred
dollars.
For repairs and renovations at Watch Hill,
North Dumpling, and Saybrook light-station,
Connecticut, ten thousand dollars.
For a fog-signal at Eaton's Neck light-sta-
tion, three thousand dollars.
For the erection of a permanent buoy on
Success Rock, Long Island sound, three thou-
sand dollars.
For repairs and renovations atBrockway's
Reach and Bordeo's Flats beacons, eleven
thousand four hundred dollars.
For protecting the light-house site at Barne-
gat. New Jersey, seven thousand dollars.
For a new lantern at Delaware Breakwater
light-station, two thousand dollars.
For range lights on Sullivan's Island, Charles-
ton harbor, fifteen thousand dollars.
For day beacons on Oyster Rocks, mouth
of Savannah river, two thousand dollars.
For rebuilding the light-house at Cape Can-
averal, Florida, and fitting it up with a first-
order catadioptric light, in addition to former
appropriations, thirty thousand dollars.
For reimbursing the keepers at Timbalier
light-house the loss of their private property,
destroyed with the light-house, four hundred
dollars.
For range-lights at Bailey's Harbor, Wiscon-
sin, six thousand dollars.
For repairs and renovations at Beaver Island
light-station, five thousand dollars.
For renovating and relighting the light-house
on Michigan Island, Lake Superior, six thou-
sand dollars.
For a range of lights for Copper Harbor,
Lake Superior, with a fog-bell or such other
ear-signal as the Secretary of the Treasury on
the recommendation of the Light-House Board
may adopt, in addition to former appropria-
tions, five thousand dollars.
For a first-order light-house at Point Ano
Nuevo, or vicinity, California, ninety thousand
dollars.
For a steam light-house tender forthe twelfth
district, to replace the one wrecked on the
coast of California, ninety thousand dollars.
For one buoy and lighthouse tender for ser-
vice on the Atlantic and Gulf coasts, forty
thousand dollars.
For enabling the Light-House Board to ex-
periment with new illuminating apparatus and
i fog-signals, in addition to former appropria-
I tions, one thousand dollars.
