1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3047
posed anything except to continue the law with
a view to a police regulation which they deem
to be necessary in order to know who are
engaged in manufacturing cigars and in making
cigars for the manufacturer, so as to prevent
cigars getting into the market without paying
the tax. I said distinctly—and the gentleman
might have saved himself much of his com-
ment if he had remembered it—that the com-
mittee did not care whether it was one cent,
ten cents, twenty-five cents, or a dollar; and
I proposed, seeing that gentlemen thought it
-was in the nature of a tax, because a dollar
was mentioned, to bring it down to twenty-live
cents, thinking that descending from a dollar
downward, if my colleague would only make
an effort to rise toward twenty-five cents we
might meet somewhere on the way. Bat my
colleague was not willing to meet that compro-
mise, and, with other gentlemen here, voted
against reducing it from one dollar to twenty-
five cents, so as to have an opportunity, I sup-
pose, afterward of attacking it as a dollar tax.
Sir, I do not believe, and i represent a great
many of these men, that the cigar makers of
the country are especially obliged to those who
believe that they are not willing to pay their
dollar or fifty cents or twenty-five cents or
whatever else the interests of the revenue of
the country may require for the purpose of
registration in order that the business may
fairly and honestly go on in the country. That
is a kind of demagogism in which i do not
- indulge myself, being willing to take the respon-
sibility of doing what I think right, and 1 do
not sympathize with it when geutlemeu flash
it off in all directions around me.
Now, sir, i hope the House will bear in mind
the object for which this is introduced, and if
they desire that the assessor or any other officer
shall do the duty tor nothing, let it be so. It
takes only so much,and it is a very small amount,
irom their receipts. Adopt the substitute sug-
gested by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Chcrchill,] providing that this registration
shall be made, and leaving out every charge
whatever for it. No matter what the charge is
or whether no charge be made, I repeat to the
House for their understanding that all this pre-
tense that it is for the purpose of grinding down
the poor cigar-makers is a poor, miserable, i
demagogical pretext, which has no foundation 1
in anything said or proposed by the committee.
All that has been proposed by the committee
was to secure some sort of regulation by which
we might feel sure that our taxes would be
collected, without any reference whatever to
any idea of raising revenue from this source.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. Before
the question is taken on the motion to strike
out the paragraph, I propose to perfect it by
inserting after the word " shall," in line seven
hundred and sixty-seven, the word " know-
ingly," so that it shall read " who shall know-
ingly neglect or refuse," &c.
Mr. ALLISON. Nobody objects to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. Again,
in line seven hundred and sixty-nine, after the
word " so"' 1 move to insert "knowingly."
Air. ALLISON. No one objects to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROMWELL. I move to strike out
the entire paragraph, and to insert in lieu
thereof the following:
Every manufacturer of cigars shall register the j
name and residence of every cigar-maker m bis j
employ with the assistant assessor of the division in j
which his principal place of business is located, and
every manufacturer of cigars who shall fail to njake
such registry shall, on conviction thereGx, oc lined
live dollars lor every day he shall so tail orrcluse to
register any person employed by hmi.
Mr. Chairman, as I have drawn this amend-
ment in great haste, I am not entirely certain
that it covers every poiut that it ought to, but
X do feel very sure that the gentleman from
Ohio, [Sir. St-HBKCK,] the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, need not be so
very eertaiti about the demagogism m this
House. I have heard that word demagogism
fall from him several times in the course of
this debate, and I will say to him that there is
something more than demagogism in the
opposition to this paragraph. These penalties
are unheard of. They are applied to a class
of laborers who are ignorant, as the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] has well said.
They are to be imposed without previous notice.
The assessor is instructed by this law not to
tell these persons that they are making them-
selves liable to a fine of five dollars a day. I
say it is a trap, and I say that it is a law which
will be as odious as any law that can be found
in the tax-book of the United States.
Whether it be demagogical or not, I say that
these little vexatious andannoying provisions,
especially when they touch private persons are
the most odious and the hardest to explain of
any laws that can be put upon the statute-book.
I think the suggestion of the gentleman from
Kentucky was well made, that the law is oner-
ous and uncalled for. 1 admit the necessity
of registration. Either the cigar-makers them-
selves should register or the manufacturers
should register for them ; I care not which.
But why shall such penalties be visited upon
that class of persons V Suppose one of those
ignorant persons works for thirty days before
he finds out that there is any such law as this—
for the assessor will not inform him of the re-
quirements of the law—that thirty days will
amount to a penalty of $150 from which there
is no escape, as the assessor possesses no power
of compromise. Now, I say it is contrary to
all the spirit and genius of our laws.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him aquestion?
Mr. BROMWELL. Certainly.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman admits,
as a part of the general policy, the propriety
of having all cigar-makers registered?
Mr. BROMWELL. 1 do.
Mr. MAYNARD. How does the gentle-
man propose to enforce that provision if there
is no penalty for not doing so?
Mr. BROMWELL. I propose by my amend-
ment to make the manufacturers do it.
Mr. MAYNARD. Suppose a man is not
working for any particular manufacturer, but
is at work around generally, making cigars.
Mr. BROMWELL. It is very easy to make
a provision to suit their case.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 desire to say one word
with reference to this provision. I think every
gentleman on this floor will admit that there
have been great frauds committed in the man-
ufacture of cigars. Those frauds arise not from
the fact that these cigar-makers are in the em-
ployment of others, but from the fact that they
themselves made cigars in small quantities in
their garrets or cellars, and then came out upon
the streets and disposed of those cigars in small
quantities to saloon-keepers and small sellers
of cigars. The object of this provision is to
ascertain in every city and town the people
who are actually engaged in this business of
cigar-making.
I agree with my friend from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] that these people who engage in the
business of cigar-making are usually an ignor-
ant class of people. Therefore I was in favor
of the amendment of the gentleman from West
Virginia, [Mr. Hubbaud,] that before we
imposed any penalty upon them we should
show the existence of knowledge on their part
that it was their duty to register themselves.
That amendment has been adopted, and is now
a part of this bill. Therefore no man can be
subjected to any punishment for not register-
ing under this provision, until it is shown that
kg had knowledge of the fact that this law
existed, and that having that knowledge he
still refused to register in accordance with it.
It seems to me that that obviates the objection
made by a great many gentlemen here. _
Now, I want to say to my friend from Ohio
[Mr. Egglbston] that I have heard no man
upon this floor more loud in his denunciations
of the frauds upon the revenue, which have
been committed by distillers, by the whisky
ring, as he terms them, and those engaged m
the manufacture of tobacco, than he himself
has been. And I apprehend that no gentle-
man here represents a constituency more
largely engaged in perpetrating those frauds
upon the revenue than the constituency which
the gentleman himself represents.
Now, we do not propose by this provision
to impose any great penalty or burden upon
these poor people who are engaged in making
cigars, if they neglect or refuse to comply with
the requirement of registration. Long before
the gentleman's voice was heard upon the
subject upon this floor the Committee of Ways
and Means decided to reduce this tax to
twenty-five cents. And the words " one dol-
lar " are a misprint in the bill.
Now, if the gentleman thinks that the tax
of twenty-five cents is too high, I am willing
that it should be reduced to ten cents. The
only object, as stated by the chairman, is that
the assistant assessor in every district may
know the persons who are engaged in the man-
ufacture of cigars, that he may keep the run
of their business. These cigar-makers go from
the employ of one manufacturer to that of
another; hence it is in my judgment imprac-
ticable to require the manufacturer to register
the names of his employes. To-day the cigar-
maker may be employed by a manufacturer,
and to-morrow he may buy five or ten dollars'
worth of tobacco and going into a garret make
cigars on his own account, and the next day
he may go into a saloon and sell them.
Now, it is the interest and the duty of every
honest manufacturer and of every honest in-
dustrious cigar-maker in this country to see to
it that this employment shall be a legitimate
employment; and any man who is desirous of
pursuing this occupation honestly will not
object to paying twenty-five cents, and by going
to the assistant assessor or upon the demand
of that officer giving his name and telling
where he is employed as a maker of cigars.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Allison] allow me to call his attention
to a single point which I think controls this
whole question ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Allisox] has expired.
Mr. CHURCHILL obtained the floor.
Mr. GllISWOLD. If my colleague [Mr.
CliritciULL] will yield to me for a moment, I
wish to inquire whether the word " knowingly"
has been inserted before " neglect or refuse."
The CHAIRMAN. It has been.
Mr. CHURCHILL. As an amendment to
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Bromwell,] I move to amend so as to
make the paragraph read as follows:
Every person whose business it is to make cigars
for others, either for pay, upon commission, on shares,
or otherwise, from material furnished by others,
shall be regarded as a cigar-maker. Every cigar-
milker shall register his name and residence, without
previous demand therefur, with the assistant assesor
of the division in which such cigar-maker shall be
employed: and any cigar-maker who shall know-
ingly negject or refuse to make such registry shall,
on conviction thereof, be fined five dollars ior each
day that he shall so offend by neglecting or refusing
to register.
This omits the charge imposed by the para-
graph on every cigar-maker, and provides for
a registry; but the penalty is incurred only
where the party knowingly offends.
The CHAIRMAN. Unless the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Bromwell] accepts this as
a modification of his amendment, it is not in
order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question
of order. Is it not in order^ to amend the
matter which it is proposed to insert before it
is inserted? .
The CHAIRMAN. The original text may
be amended, but the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Iliinois cannot be amended.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But my point is
that it is in order to amend what ifis proposed
to substitute for the words to be stricken otii..
"When you it c&nnot b© ^ni^nuou.
The CHAIRMAN, ^he original text caa
be amended,
