1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
4071
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. II. No. 160) relating to the Territo-
rial Central Pacific Railway Company; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MeCREERY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 620) for the relief of Thomas Menarch
and William P. Mobberly; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. CATTELL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 621) authorizing the Manufacturers' Na-
tional Bank of New York to change its loca-
tion ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Finance, and ordered to
be printed.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhekson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. II. No.
1481) granting a pension to Emmelene H.
Rudd, widow of the late Commodore John
Rudd, deceased, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
american steam line to europe.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to take up House
bill No. 939.
The motion was agreed to ; and the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 939) to pro-
vide for an American line of mail and emi-
grant passenger steamships between New York
and one or more European ports, was resumed
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. POMEROY. I only wish to say that
this is an effort to establish an American line
of steamships. It is giving that line in part
what we have been giving to foreign lines in
years back. I suppose every member of the
Senate has read this bill, and 1 think it is
easily to be understood. For some years past
we have been giving to a European line all the
postage that was earnecL To two of the lines
that we have employed we have given over
five hundred thousand dollars a year, to the
Cunard line nearly threehundred andlifty thou-
sand dollars, and to the Inmau line $200,009.
This is what we have been paying for the .ast
three years on the average. It was thought a
year ago that we might establish an American
line and not give them any more than we are
giving European lines. This company applied
tor a subsidy something like the Pacific line,
but as the committee thought it was inoppor-
tune to press that question the House of Rep-
resentatives have finally sent us a bill giving
them no subsidy, but simply securing to them
for a term of years the postages accruing on
the letters that they carry, to the amount of
$400,000 a year. That sum is to be seques-
tered by the Post OSice Department, and to
be paid out for the services of this company
according to the terms of the bill. There is
no liability of the Government beyond that.
There is no indorsement of the bonds. There
is no liability beyond what is received from the
postages on the letters they carry, and when
they amount to over four hundred thousand
dollars the balance goes to the Government,
ar.d in no event in future years can they get
over tour hundred thousand dollars, but they
can get the postages to that amount, to be held
by the Post Office Department, and paid out
annually in discharging the interest of the
bonds that the company are allowed to issue,
the Government not, guarantying the bonds,
not becoming security for the payment of
either principal or interest, but only holding
the postages as a security for the interest on the
bonds the company issue.
1 know it is the morning hour, and every
Senator dislikes at this time to listen to ex-
tended remarks; but as this bill has passed
the House of Representatives unanimously
and been reported from the Committee on Post,
Offices and Post Roads, I hope it may pass at
once.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I wish to
say that upon this subject of aiding in the
establishment of American lines of sea-going
steamships, there is no one who has a deeper
interest in favor of such establishment of lines
than myself; and my course upon this bill,
whatever it shall be, is guided by the interest
I feel in the accomplishment of that end, and
not by opposition to any particular scheme,
except so far as that scheme opposed may be
in the way of the establisement of proper
lines. I was unfortunate in not being in the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, of
which I am a member, when the committee
concluded to report this bill, though I was in
the committee on other occasions when it was
considered. I may say here that I would not
have consented to its being reported. I do
not know to what extent it had the indorse-
ment of the committee. Perhaps the honor-
able chairman of the committee [Mr. Ramsey]
can state that.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think it met the appro-
bation of a quorum of the committee then
present.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like, in the first
place, to have the bill read as printed for the
Senate. It is not, very long, and its reading
will not take much time. After it has been
read I will proceed with what I have to say.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I believe
that it is a disgraceful fact to this nation that
there is not an American steam line upon the
Atlantic ocean. Whatever aid should be re-
quired from the public Treasury to establish
such a line or lines in my opinion would be a
good investment; but the plan, according to
which the bill proposes to provide for the estab-
lishment of a line, is one that does not meet
my approbation. Let us see what that is.
The plan proposed in this bill is that the
company shall be guarantied for a period of
twenty years in a claim upon the weekly or
semi-weekly postages, both the inland and sea
postages, until such period as the sea postages
alone shall make up the necessary amount,
upon the credit of which bonds to the amount
ofbeween four and five million dollars are to
be issued by the company, for which the bill
provides that the Government shall be. in no
wise responsible, but they are required to be
registered at the Post Office Department, and
countersigned by the Postmaster General, or
head of that Department, which, if done, is to
be done for the purpose of giving them credit
in the world's markets without fixing any re-
sponsibility upon which that credit is to be
based. That is the credit derived from that
pirticular source; I mean the official indorse-
ment. Now, suppose this company should
fail and these bonds should depreciate in the
market and remain unpaid, which is not, 1 ap-
prehend, an impossibility, what would the state
of the case be? Bonds floating around the
markets of the world, registered, registered in
the Post Office Department of the United States
of America, countersigned by the head of that
Department 
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator may not be
aware that that is not the provision of the bill.
They are not to be countersigned by the Post-
master General. That is not in the bill. This
is the provision:
For the protection of the holders of such bonds
they shall bo severally registered at the Post Office
Department, and certified by the cliicf clerk of the
Department, without liability.
Ana that is to be put on the bond.
Mr. CONNESS. That is precisely as I have
stated it. The chief clerk in the Post Office
Department is the official exponent of the
Postmaster General. The point I was making
is this: that if these bonds are discredited we
shall necessarily be discredited on their account
if we do not pay them, notwithstanding the
provision that we are not to b  made responsi- I
ble for their payment. I
I object to that point. I object, also, to the
guarantee or the lien that is established for
twenty years in behalf of this company upon
the inland and sea postages. The postages of
this country, the laws relating to them, should
be left free. There should be no answer made
to us here when we propose to reduce the
postage, as I hope we shall do so soon, to the
lowest possible amount, that there are bonds
issued on the faith of these postages as now
established, and that if we reduee their amount
we are responsible necessarily for these bonds
if we take their substance or base away. I
want no impediment of that kind in the way
of postal reform.
In fact, sir, if we are to have an American
line or lines to compete successfully with for-
eign lines in the Atlantic waters, or which shall
reflect credit upon the American name and
nation, they must have more substantial basis
than this. The company or persons who will
establish them must be able to build their
ships, and their ships must be of the most
unquestionable character and quality.
i object to the tonnage specified here. Ships
of that tonnage are not of sufficient size for
this day and hour in naval architecture and for
the carriage of passengers and freight.
But I have stated my priucipal objection,
which is to the plan upon which this line is to
be established. There are some details which
I might object to, but my purpose is not to
defeat the bill, it being near the end of the
session, by consuming time. I simply wish it
fairly considered and to have the Senate decide
whether they are in favor of this plan for the
establishment of an American liue of steam-
ships on the Atlantic ocean.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I hope that this bill will pass the Senate. It
has passed the House of Representatives, and
1 thmk it must commend itself to every per-
son who feels a proper pride in having our
mails carried in an American line of vessels,
and who will examine the act.
There is one peculiarity about this bill, that
it asks for no subsidies. It asks the Govern-
ment to give nothing at all, simply to recog-
nize this line as a line to carry the mails ; that
is all. By doing that we have a line of Ameri-
can ships carrying our own mails, the ships to
be first class, to be constructed under the in-
spection of Government officers, and to be
subject to be taken by the Government in case
of necessity for its use. So far, then, as the
vessels are concerned, there is every possible
guard. Now, all that the line asks the Gov-
ernment to do is to be trustees for the bonds
which this line issues; and to hold those bonds
and to hold the postages as security for the
payment of the interest.
Mr. HOWARD. For what purpose are
bonds to be issued ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The bonds are
to be issued by the company for the purpose
of constructing their vessels. There is no lia-
bility on the part of the Government. Even
the failure to pay these bonds would not in-
volve the Government in any dishonor what-
ever.
Now, what is the compensation? In 1858
there was an act passed providing that when
our mails were carried in an American line the
parties carrying them should receive as com-
pensation both the sea-going and inland post-
age ; where they were carrie.d in foreign lines
they should only receive the sea postage. This
bill provides that this line shall receive the in-
land and the sea postage until the sea postage
amounts to $400,000. When it amounts to
that sum then alter that they are only to re-
ceive the sea postage.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Until the sea postage
amounts to $400,000.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Yes, sir; until
the sea postage amounts to $400,000; then the
inland postage is no longer to be received. I
hope there will be no opposition to this bill.
Mr. HOWARD. Do I understand that this
bill provides that the Government shall stand
as guarantor for the payment of the bonds ?
