640
MB COtfGitESSIONAL GLOBS.
January 20,
opinion of Sir William Scott cited in Whiting's
War Powers, page 337.) Will it be claimed
that the southern people by their acts of
secession accomplished a change of their alle-
giance? Was not the war on the part of the
North carried on in express denial of the right
claimed by the South to do so? Did we not
seek to force them to remain in the Union?
In no legal point of view, therefore, can the
South be looked upon as territory acquired by
Conquest. I will now call attention to the
status of the southern States as determined by
the acts of the executive and the legislative
departments of the Government.
Congress has by many acts, since the out-
break of the rebellion and during its continu-
ance, recognized the existence of the southern
States as States and as belonging to the Union.
As to the United States courts: See the act
of July 15, 1862, which distinctly names all the
insurrectionary States ; the several acts of May
22, July 27 and 28, 18G6.
As to the public lands: The act of June 30,
1864; that of June 21, 1860, specially recog-
nizing laws of the southern States; and the act
of March 2, 1867.
Non-intercourse acts: Act of July 13, 1861;
act of May 20, 1862; act of June 2, 1864.
Political recognition by joint resolutions:
That of February 8, 1865, as to the Electoral
College; those of February 1, 1865, and June
16, 1866, as to proposed amendments of the
Constitution.
Also as to direct taxes: Acts of August 5,
1861; June 7, 1862; February 6, 1863; June
25, 1864; March 3, 1865; and July 20, 1866.
Sundry proclamations of the President of the
United States may also be cited—those of April
15, 19, and 27, and August 3,10, and 16, 1861;
May 12 and 19, Julyl, August 10, and Septem-
ber 22, 1862; January 1, April 2, and Decem-
ber 8, 1863.
This mass of facts and opinions from all
quarters thoroughly disposes of the doctrine
that the southern States are to be looked
upon as conquered territory with State lines
erased and State sovereignty lost—a heresy
which lies at th^,foundation of most of the
views urged in favor of the bill under consid-
eration. I can bat briefly refer to the mean-
ing of the " guarantee" clause of the Constitu-
tion. I quote from Story's Commentaries on
the Constitution, book 8, section 1809:
"The Federalist has spokenwithsomuch force and
propriety upon this subject that it supersedes all fur-
ther reasoning. 'In a confederacy,' says that work,
founded on republican principles and composed of
republican members, the superintending Govern-
ment ought clearly to possess authority to defend the
system against aristocratic or monarchical innova-
tions. The more intimate the nature of such a Union
may be the greater interest have the members in the
political institutions of each other, and the greater
right to insist that the forms of government under
Which the compact was entered into should be sub-
stantially maintained.'"
Section 1811: *"
• "If the General Government should interpose, by
■virtue of this constitutional authority, it will be, of
course, bound to pursue the authority. But the au-
thority extends no further than to a guarantee of a
republican form of government, which supposes a
•preexisting government of the form which is to be
guarantied. As long, therefore, as the existing re-
publican forma are continued by the States, they
are guarantied by the Federal Constitution. When-
ever the States may ohoose to substitute other repub-
lican forms they have a rigli t to do so and to claim the
Federal guarantee for the latter. The only restric-
tion imposed on them is that they shall not exchango
^republican for anti-republican constitutions—a re-
striction which, it is presumed, will hardly bo con-
idered as a grievance."
I call special attention to the position here
assumed, sotind beyond all question, that the
authority of the United States in this matter
extends no further than to a guarantee of a
republican form of government where a pre-
existing government of that form exists. It
gave no rights beyond this—no right to enter
with military force into a State and with its
bayonets establish a government. With us
that work ia to be left to the people in their
sovereign capacity, uninfluenced by the power
of Government, unawed by an armed despot-
ism. My time has most run out, and I must
cloie.
_ I had intended to say something on the sub-
ject .of our national finances, so intimately
connected with that of the full restoration of
the southern States. This restoration is fund-
amental in any sound scheme of finance. No
country with a great debt can properly main-
tain its credit with the productive energies of
one third of its population largely impaired and
the other two thirds called upon, in addition to
enormous legitimate burdens, to pay, as we are
now doing, about one hundred million dollars
annually in standing watch and ward over
those with whom we ought to live on terms of
; confidence and regard. It is the duty as well
as the interest of those who hold the securities
of the Government to look to this matter and
to force their influence to bring about an end
of the oppressive and unconstitutional course
, of the Government towards the southern States.
. I see before me, Mr. Speaker, on the Repub-
|: lican side of the House, a large number of
|| gentlemen well read in the history of. our
: j country, a large number who were bred to the
'■ bar, many who have been judges in our courts
and expounders of our laws. I call upon
them—I call upon all in considering this
measure—not to sacrifice in a blind devotion
to party those great principles of civil liberty
which date back to Magna Charta, and are so
fully developed, and, as our people had fondly
hoped, so thoroughly secured "to ourselves
and our posterity" by that great work of the
fathers of the Republic, the Constitution of
the United States.
Mr. SCOFIELD obtained the floor.
Mr. PRUYN. I promised to yield to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania if I had anytime
left.
Mr. WOODWARD. I ask leave to submit
a resolution to which there will be no objection.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I cannot yield now.
Mr. WOODWARD. I will offer it another
time.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Why is it, Mr. Speaker,
that all reconstruction legislation is regarded
by one side of this House as unconstitutional,
revolutionary, and despotic, while the other
side, more numerous, not less honest, not less
patriotic, not less learned in the principles of
the Constitution, not less devoted to human
liberty nor opposed to every form of human
oppression, look upon the same legislation as
constitutional, appropriate, and necessary? I
impugn the motives of neither side, but I ask
for a solution of this disagreement. I suppose
it is because the two sides of the House look
at the subject from different stand-points. One
side holds that the confederate States are now,
and all the time have been, constructed and
ready for admission ; while the other side hold
that the regular constitutional State govern-
ments were destroyed by the war, and that new
ones must be originated by somebody to take
their place before they can elect Senators and
Representatives to Congress. From these
stand-points the view of either side'is correct.
It was somewhat so during the war. One party
started out with the theory that it was uncon-
stitutional to coerce a sovereign State into sub-
mission to the General Government, and of
course from this stand-point all war measures
were unconstitutional; while the other party,
holding that coercion was constitutional, ap-
proved of all measures calculated to accom-
plish that result.
The difference between us on the question
of reconstruction is mainly a question of fact.
If it be true that the confederate States have
now legal and constitutional governments all
reconstruction is, as is claimed, unconstitu-
tional, revolutionary, and despotic ; but if they
have no such governments it must be admitted
that reconstruction of some kind is an absolute
necessity. If South Carolina, for instance, has
now or has had since 1861 a legal State gov-
ernment, I will thank some gentleman on the
other side to tell me what it is. Is it the old
government that existed prior to the war? I
admit that this constitution is printed in a
book and laid away in the libraries of the coun-
try, but I deny that it has any existence out-
side of books. If it has any o^her existence,
where is it? It ha3 no Governor, no Legisla-
ture, no judge. There is not a single person
within the limits of the State who professes
allegiance to it, and no one inquires what it
prohibits or what it commands. It is like the
unsepulchered skull—
"Sans teeth, fans eyes, sans taste, sans everything."
I know the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Kerr] claimed the other day that the State
government might be revived. Indeed I think
he said it had been revived. But that would
involve the exercise of all the power that any-
body claims in the legislation which we are
now enacting. To reconstruct and to revive a
government that is dead means the same thing.
Is it the confederate State government that
exists in South Carolina ? It did exist there,
when Congress adjourned in March, 1865; but
when we assembled in December, 1865, it had
disappeared. Mr. Johnson and his Secretary
of State had gone down there and disposed of
it. They had scuttled the hull and sent the
confederate ship, with all its treasonable machi-
nery, to the bottom, leaving to the country
nothing but the hateful memory of its crimes.
But Mr. Johnson and Mr. Seward have set
up some governments in the late confederate
States, and it is said that Congress should rec-
ognize them. Why? Because they have been
accepted by the people there? No, sir; they
were not submitted to the people in any State
except North Carolina, and in that State a
majority voted against it. And in the election
of delegates to the conventions only about one
third of the white voters participated at all,
and a portion of those gave their votes against
the whole scheme. Of course the blacks were
excluded altogether. Shall we accept them
because they are republican in form? No,
sir. A large portion of the people, in two of
the States, at least more than half, are excluded
from all participation in tiiern. Shall we ac-
cept them because they secure to those States
only a fair proportion of Federal representa-
tion? No, sir; the represented people in South
Carolina and Mississippi secure a little more
than twice us many votes in this House and in
the Electoral College as are given to the same
number of represented people in Pennsylvania
or any northern State. Are we bound to ac-
cept them because they had a lawful origin?
What article of the Constitution or what law*
of Congress authorizes the President aud his
Secretary to start in the business of making
State governments or to coerce and cajole a
handful of the people to cooperate with them
in such an undertaking? Do you not recol-
lect, Mr. Speaker, that in the summer of 1865,
while Mr. Johnson and Seward were still re-
constructing, our political opponents applied
to their work the same three ugly words that
they now apply to our plan—"unconstitutional,
revolutionary, and despotic?" Before theyjdis-
covered how bad these governments would be,
they tanght us the principles upon which they
ought to be rejected. We were bound, then,
by no principle of law, equality, or justice to
accept thfce anti-republican productions of the
President, and Congress rejected them by a
majority of nearly three fourths. The question
was submitted to>he people at the elections in
the fall of 1806, and after four months' debate
they indorsed the action of Congress by an
emphatic vote. Inasmuch, then, as these gov-
ernments were illegal in their origin, (our
opponents themselves being judges :) inasmuch
as they were never sanctioned by any consid-
erable portion of the people, white or black,
in those States; inasmuch as they secure to a
disloyal population nearly double as much
power in the Federal Government as the same
amonnt of loyal population in other States
possess, and inasmuch as they were rejected
by nearly three fonrtha of Congress, and that
action indorsed by the people. I come to the
conclusion that thev are not governments which
any man is bound by law or justice to respect.
But the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] thinks the decision ot'-the people in
1866 is not conclusive. He infers from the
