524
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Juty 20,
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
For enabling the Light-House Board to re-
establish lights and other aids to navigation on
the southern coast, in addition to former
appropriations, one hundred thousand dollars.
For compensation of two superintendents of
the life-saving stations on the coast of Long
Island and New Jersey, three thousand dol-
lars.
For a life-boat and station at the south end
of Narraganset Beach, Rhode Island, two
thousand dollars.
For compensation of fifty-four keepers of
stations, at two hundred dollars each, ten
. thousand eight hundred dollars.
For contingencies of life-saving stations on
the coast of the United States, ten thousand
dollars.
REVENUE-CUTTER SERVICE.
For pay of officers and pilots, four hundred
and eight thousand six hundred dollars: Pro-
vided, That hereafter no expenses of the rev-
enue marine shall be paid oat of any other
fund than that herein specified.
For rations for officers and pilots, twenty-
eight thousand four hundred and seventy-nine
dollars.
For pay of petty officers and crew, three
hundred and eighty thousand eight hundred
and fifty doHars.
For rations for petty officers and crew, one
hundred and thirty-three thousand five hun-
dred and sixty-one dollars.
For fuel, one hundred thousand dollars.
For repairs and outfits, one hundred and
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For supplies of ship chandlery, fifty thou-
sand eight hundred dollars.
For commutation for quarters, five thousand
dollars.
For traveling expenses, five thousand dol-
lars : Provided, That five of the six steam rev-
enue-cutters stationed upon the northern and
northwestern lakes and their tributaries shall
be laid up, and that no more of the money ap-
propriated by this act shall be paid on their
account than so much as may be necessary for
their safe and proper care and keeping; and
that the Secretary of the Treasury be author-
ized and directed to lay up and withdraw from
commission every revenue-cutter offtlie Atlantic
coast, bays, [and] gulfs, not actually required
and needed for constant service.
CONSTRUCTION BRANCH OF THE TREASURY DE-
PARTMENT.
For the construction of a custom-house at
Portland, Maine, one hundred thousand dol-
lars.
For the construction of a building, to be
used as custom-house and post office, at Saint
Paul, Minnesota, fifty thousand dollars.
For the construction of a barge office at New
York, fifty thousand dollars.
For the construction of a building, to be
used as a court-house and post office, at Port-
land, Maine, fifty thousand dollars.
For the construction of appraisers' stores at
Philadelphia, fifty thousand dollars.
For the construction of a public building at
Des Moines, Iowa, for a court-house, post
office, and the accommodation of officers of
the United States, eighty-nine thousand and
eight dollars.
For the construction of a public building at
Madison, Wisconsin, for a court-house, post
office, and the accommodation of officers of
the United State?, fifty thousand dollars.
For construction of a public building for a
custom-house, United States court room, and
post office, at Portland, Oregon, fifty thousand
dollars: Provided, That said building, when
completed, shall not cost more than one hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For the construction of a public building at
Springfield, Illinois, for a court-house, post
office, and the accommodation of officers of
the United States, twenty-five thousand dol-
lars.
For completion of the extension and repairs
of the custom-house at Bangor, Maine, twenty
thousand dollars.
For the construction of post office and cus-
tom-house at Cairo, Illinois, forty-nine thou-
sand dollars.
For the completion of the custom-house and
post office building at Ogdensburg, New York,
forty thousand dollars.
For repairs and preservation of custom-
houses and other public buildings, fifty thou-
sand dollars.
For furniture and repairs of furniture for
the same, twenty thousand dollars.
For heating apparatus for custom-houses
and other public buildings, thirty-five thou-
sand dollars. For vaults and safes for deposit-
aries, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For vaults for north wing of Treasury build-
ing, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For fitting up fixtures and furniture for the
north wing of Treasury building, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
For the north wing of the Treasury building
and the approaches, including fittings and fix-
tures, one hundred and seventy-five thousand
dollars.
For repairs of the east front, and iucidental
repairs of the entire building, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For completion of the branch mint building
at Carson City, Nevada, fencing the grounds,
and for machinery, fixtures, and apparatus,
and for putting up the same, one hundred and
fifty thousand dollars: Provided, That the Mint
of the United States, and branches, shall con-
tinue to refine gold and silver bullion, and no
contract to exchange crude or unparted bullion
for refined bars shall be made until authorized
by law.
INTERIOR DEPARTMENT.
Pent of Office, for Surveyors General.
For rent of surveyor general's office in
Oregon, fuel, books, stationery, and other inci-
dental expenses, including pay of messenger,
one thousand dollars.
For rent of surveyor general's office of
California and Arizona, fuel, books, station-
ery, and other incidental expenses, including
pay of messenger, two thousand dollars.
For office rent for the surveyor general of
Washington Territory, fuel, books, stationery,
and other incidental expenses, one thousand
dollars.
For office rent of the surveyor general of
Kansas, fuel, books, stationery, and other inci-
dental expenses, one thousand dollars.
For office rent of the surveyor general of
Iowa and Nebraska, fuel, books, stationery,
and other incidental expenses, one thousand
five hundred dollars.
For rent of surveyor general's office in the
Territory of Dakota, fuel, books, stationery,
and other incidental expenses, one thousand
dollars.
For rent of office for the surveyor general
of Colorado and Utah Territories, fuel, books,
stationery, and other incidental expenses, one
thousand dollars.
For rent of office of the surveyor general
of Idaho, fuel, books, stationery, and other
incidental expenses, one thousand dollars.
For rent of office for the surveyor general
of Nevada, fuel, books, stationery, and other
incidental expenses, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For rent, of office of surveyor general of
Montana, fuel, books, stationery, and other
incidental expenses, one thousand dollars.
MINING.
For collecting statistics of mines and min-
ing, twenty-five hundred dollars, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office.
For expenses of receiving, arranging, and
taking care of copyright books, charts, and
other copyright matter, one thousand eight
hundred dollars, to be paid out of the Patent
Office fund.
PUBLIC WORKS UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE
ARCHITECT OF THE CAPITOL EXTENSION,j.
For repairing and finishing the Capitol ex-
tension, one hundred thousand dollars: Pro-
vided, That no improvements, alterations* or
repairs of the Capitol building shall be made
except by direction and under the supervision
of the architect of the Capitol extension.
For the repairing and finishing the work on
the new Dome of the Capitol, five thousand
dollars.
For painting the exterior of the eastern por-
tion of the City Hall in Washington, fourteen
hundred dollars.
For resetting steps, calking cornice, and
painting, seven hundred and fifty dollars.
For repairing rough-casting and other plas-
tering, one hundred dollars.
For repairs to tin roof and rain spouts, two
hundred dollars.
For sundry brick and carpenter's work,
three hundred and fifty dollars.
For renovating and ventilating court-room,
four hundred dollars : Provided, That the cor-
porate authorities of the city of Washington
appropriate and expend a like sum for paint-
ing and repairs of the western portion of said
building.
For the annual repairs, such as painting,
glazing, keeping roofs in order, also water
pipes, pavements, and approaches to public
buildings, fifteen thousand dollars.
For continuing the work on the north front
of the Patent Office building, and for improv-
ing G street from Seventh to Ninth streets, ten
thousand dollars.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
. For the preservation of the collections of
the exploring and surveying expeditions of the
Government, four thousand dollars.
METROPOLITAN POLICE.
For salaries and other necessary expenses
of the Metropolitan police for the District of
Columbia, two hundred and eleven thousand
and'fifty dollars : Provided, That afurther sum,
amounting to one hundred and five thousand
five hundred and twenty-five dollars, shall be
paid to the said Metropolitan police force by
the cities of Washington and Georgetown, and
the county_ of Washington, (beyond the limits
of said cities,) in the District of Columbia, in
the proportion corresponding to the number of
patrolmen allotted severally to said precincts ;
and the corporate authorities of said cities and
the levy court of said county are hereby author-
ized and required to levy a special tax, not
exceeding one third of one per centum, to be
appropriated and expended for said purpose
only, for the service of the fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine.
EXPENSES OF THE COLLECTION OF REVENUE FROM
SALES OF PUBLIC LANDS.
For salaries and commissions of registers and
receivers of public moneys at sixty-six land
offices, two hundred and forty-four thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For incidental expenses of the land offices,
fifteen thousand five hundred dollars.
SURVEYING THE PUBLIC LANDS.
For surveying the public lands in Minnesota,
at rates not exceeding ten dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, seven dollars for town-
ship, and six dollars for section lines, twenty
thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Dakota
Territory, including the lands along the Red
river of the North, at rates not exceeding ten
dollars per lineal mile for standard lines, seven
dollars for township, and six dollars for section
lines, twenty thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Nebraska,
at rates not exceeding ten dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, six dollars for township,
