1808,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2025
late postmaster at Cardington, Ohio. Upon
the supposition that his surety had paid the
whole amount in arrears by the postmaster, the
Senate, in passing the bill, fixed $825 as the
amount to be allowed the surety; but on a
scrutiny of the accounts by the committee of
this House, it appeared that the emoluments
collected by the postmaster for the period during
which he was in default had not been accounted
for by him. Your committee addressed a let-
ter to the Postmaster General, and from the
reply received, which I hold in iny hand, it
appears that forty dollars per quarter is the
estimated amount collected by the defaulting
postmaster and not accounted for to the De-
partment. The Postmaster General took the
amount collected during the two preceding
quarters as the basis upon which he estimates
the emoluments collected during the period the
postmaster was in default. The committee
therefore propose to deductfrom the sum named
in the bill $200, being the estimated amount
received by the postmaster for five quarters at
forty dollars per quarter.
Mr. MAYNARD. Thegentleman hasshown
very satisfactorily that the amount proposed to
be paid by the Senate bill should be reduced.
Will he give us some reason why the bill should
pass ?
Mr. FBRRY. If the gentleman from Ten-
nessee had listened to the reading of the bill
he would have found lhat it explains itself. I
will state, however, that the surety of this post-
master paid the full amount claimed by the
Government; and he now asks that he shall
be paid the amount of salary withheld during
the period the postmaster failed to make re-
turns. This amount is due to either the post-
master or the surety, since the whole amount
due to the Government has been canceled by
a draft which was paid by the surety.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman has not
stated the facts at all. He assumes that we
know the facts. I for one do not understand
them.
Mr. PERRY. If the gentleman questions
the position I take, I will have read by the
Clerk the letter received from the Post Office
Department.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not question the
gentleman's position. I merely ask him to
explain the facts of the case.
Mr. FERRY. For five quarters this post-
master at Cardington failed to make returns
to the Department, and became a defaulter. A
draft, for the amount of arrears was drawn
upon the surety and honored by him. As I
have already stated, no salary was paid to the
postmaster during the period he was in default
because during those five quarters he failed to
render his accounts, and the Department with-
held his salary until he made due returns. The
surety now asks that the amount of lhat salary
withheld shall be paid to him instead of the
postmaster, as his partial relief. The Senate,
acting under a misapprehension, failed to de-
duct the amount of the emoluments collected
by the defaulting postmaster during those five
quarters. The committee of this House scru-
tinizing the matter, thought lhat some emolu-
ments must have been collected dnring that
period. We addressed to the Postmaster Gen-
eral a letter calling his attention to the matter,
and received a reply in which it is stated that
the amount of forty dollars for each quarter
should be deducted, reducing the amount
named in the bill from $825 to $625.
I now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment reported by the
committee was adopted.
The hill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading, read the time, and passed.
Mr. FERRY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAMES o. SLOO.
Mr. FERRY, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported back
with an amendment a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 146) for the relief of James C. Sloo.
The Clerk read the joint resolution in extenso.
It authorizes and requires the Postmaster Gen-
eral, in settling the accounts of James C. Sloo,
late postmaster at Cairo. Illinois, to allow him
additional credit of $2,000 for services of said
postmaster from July 1, 1864, to July 1, 1866.
Mr. FERRY. I.am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to
move to amend by striking out "$2,000," and
in lieu thereof to insert "$1,400."
Mr. Speaker, Mr. Sloo, late postmaster at
Cairo, claims, under the act fixing the salaries
of postmasters, that the Department has not
allowed him sufficient salary while he acted as
postmaster at Cairo. That act fixing the sal-
aries of postmasters particularly required the
Postmaster General should adjust them upon
the basis of the commissions and emoluments
at the period of the passage of the act, in July,
1864. The postmaster claims that it was the
duty of the Department to so arrange the in-
terior of the post office as to accommodate the
public interests there ; that since salaries are
fixed on the basis of the business done every
facility should have been given by the Depart-
ment to increase the amount of business ; that
this not having been done, instead of $3,000 a
year, his salary should have been $4,000. He
claims for two years §1,000 a year, making
•$2,000.
Finding the Department had failed to pro-
vide a sufficient number of locked drawers
to accommodate the public business he, of his
own authority, constructed forty-four addi-
tional ones, and by that means increased the
emoluments from §1,000 to $1,700, and he al-
leges that if the Government had constructed
oue hundred instead of forty-four, not only
§2,000, but a still larger amount would have
accrued to the Department. Now, sir, I hold
in my hand a letter from the Postmaster Gen-
eral, acknowledging the amount of the emolu-
ments during these two years as $1,700 a year,
and that the present incumbent of the Cairo
post office has his salary fixed on the basis of
$1,700 as the business of that office. In other
words, sir, he is given $8,700, when Mr. Sloo,
during a period when more business was done,
had allowed him only $3,000; and this letter
of the Postmaster General, which I will tax
the patience of the House to have read, recog-
nizes $1,400 as equitably due to him. On that
ground, and that of justice, the committee re-
port, instead of $2,000, he shall be allowed
$1,400—$700 per year for two years. In de-
fense of the position of the committee I will
say that during the war the post office at Cairo,
in the amount of business done, was second
only to Chicago in all the offices of the West.
The letters to the western department came to
that distributing office. Mr. Sloo was com-
pelled to employ twenty-five to thirty clerks and
received only $3,000 salary while the present
postmaster receives $3,700 while only employ-
ing eight clerks. As exhibiting the amount of
business done I may state that during this time
the amount of letters received at Cairo in one
year was thirteen millions, while at Chicago it
was fifteen millions. The committee are unan-
imous in recommending the passage of the bill
with the proposed amendment. 1 now ask the
Clerk to read the letter I send up.
The Clerk read as follows:
Post Office Department,
WASHINGTON, January 21, 18SS.
Sir: I am 111 receipt of your letter of the 17th in-
stant, stating that a resolution for thorelief of James
C. Sloo, late postmaster at Cairo, Illinois, has been
rctcrrcd to your eommittec and requesting informa-
tion from this Department.
In reply I have to say. that by fixing the salary of
the postmaster at Cairo, Illinois, at®,000 a year from
the 1st of July, 1861, upon the best data that could be
obtained from the rceords of the Department as re-
quired by the salary act approved July 1,1864, there
is no doubt but that the postmaster received less sal-
ary for the two next ensuing years than he would
have received under the old commission system.
Under that system his pay would have been about
thirty-soven hundred dollars a year instead of $.i,000,
making a difference ol $1,400 in his favor for tho two
years; but the salary having been lixed as required
by law, I did not feel justified in reviewing the mat-
ter without further legislation. The claim seems to
be equitable.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
ALEXANDER W. RANDALL,
Postmaster General,
Hon. T. W. Ferry, Post Office Committee, House of
Representatives.
Mr. UPSON. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman if the salary now paid is not in conse-
quence of the amount of business done in the
preceding year under the new law which we
passed ?
Mr. FERRY. In reply to my colleague I
will say that the operation of the new law com-
menced in July, 1864, and this postmaster, Mr.
Sloo, held the office from 1864 to 1866. He in-
creased the emoluments of the office by intro-
ducing additional boxes, and at the end of two
years, to wit, in July, 1866, the salary was
then reviewed and fixed upon the business of
the preceding two years then ending. Mr.
Sloo's labor, therefore, was the basis of the
salary fixed for his successor.
Mr. UPSON. Do I understand that the
committee are going to introduce a system
that if the business of the office increases the
amount of pay shall be increased, notwith-
standing the postmaster is serving under a law
which fixes his salary?
Mr. FERRY. I answer by saying that,
under this law, which was enacted for the bene-
fit of the Government and not for the benefit
of the employes of the Government, designing
to give the same salaries to the postmasters of
the land and yet looking to facilitating the in-
terest of the Government, it was provided that
at certain periods the salaries of the postmas-
ters should be fixed, and those salaries are
based upon the business of the office. This
postmaster, at the time this law was passed,
complained that the Department had not fur-
nished facilities enough to transact the business
of the office, and at his own instance he con-
structed forty-four additional boxes, and before
six months had elapsed he showed an increase
of emoluments at the rate of $700 per annum.
Therefore he claims additional compensation.
Mr. UPSON. Do not the facts assumed by
the committee show that he is now receiving
too much pay?
Mr. FERRY. I answer that by the letter
of tho Department stating that Congress, hav-
ing fixed the salary by the terms of existing
law at $3,700, which is the amount now re-
ceived by the incumbent, and that amount
being fixed on the previous basis of the office
while Mr. Sloo held it, he rightfully claims the
same justice that is awarded to the incumbent.
Mr. UPSON. I understand from the gen-
tleman that the business is now less than in
1863 and 1864.
Mr. FERRY. It is not less, because the
emoluments of the office show that the salary
should be $3,700, and salaries are based upon
the amount of business done. During the time
that Mr. Sloo was postmaster he employed
thirty-live clerks, but he claims no more com-
pensation on that account.
Mr. UPSON. But the compensation is fixed
by the business done in 1863 and 1864, and
not since.
Mr. FERRY. I answer that the compen-
sation given to the incumbent is fixed by law,
and on the basis of the service rendered.- it
Mr. Sloo performed greater service it is his
loss. He asks no more than the incumbent
receives as his right. I would inquire how
much time I have left?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour ex-
pires at eighteen minutes past one.
Mr. FERRY. I yield two minutes to the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Peters.]
Mr. PETERS. I am glad this bill has been
introduced. I have a case very much like this
of the postmaster at Bangor. There were not
boxes enough in the post office at that place,
and in consequence of the demand for boxes,
instead of paying two dollars per quarter we
have had to pay five dollars. The receipts
from that source sdionld have increased the
salary from $3,200 to $4,000. I have made
