1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4073
move several amendments which I will now
indicate.
In the second section, in line five, I would
strike out "five of," before "which," ami in
lines six and seven strike out the words " and
two others of not less than two thousand tons
each." 1 f we are to pay for a first-class service
here we do not want to place it in the power
of this company to at once inaugurate and per-
petuate a second class service. I know that
some of the enemies of this company charge
that the company are immediately going to
buy a couple of inferior vessels and put them
upon the service. I do not believe that that
is their purpose; but 1 want to place it out of
their power to do that or anything else less
than we have a right to expect. If we are to
grant this large amount of postages for their
benefit, and for a long series of years, amount-
ing to millions of dollars, let us at least have
the first-class service we bargain for.
While 1 am on the floor [ will indicate some
further amendments which I think ought to be
made. It should be made clear in the thud
section, what is meant by the provision in
regard to the postages. Ordinary readers will
understand it to mean that the company are to
have only $-100,000 a year of the postages. I
think that is quite enough, for this is to give
the company, as I understand, a monopoly of
the business ; but if it were not enough I would
be willing to increase the amount. Any com-
pany that carries the mail of the United States
lias great prestige. I would therefore move to
impose a limit that it shall be confined to
§100,000.
Then, in all places when " twenty years" are
mentioned, 1 would move to substitute " ten
years." Twenty years is altogether too long
a period—two thirds of a generation! Then
to section six I shall propose a proviso by which
we shall secure first class service. If we are
to give this contract to this company we do
not want any "slow coaches" on the line;
they must equal other lines engaged in the
same kind of ousiness. My proviso to the sixth
section will be that if for the period of three
months they shall fall below the average rate
of speed, shall make slower voyages than other
steamships sailing between the same points,
the act shall in that event be null and void.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator from Ver-
mont will look at the first section he will see
that it. provides that these steamers shall be
first, class sea-going steamships.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. Iknowthere
is that general provision but there is no way
of enfoicing it. 1 propose, if we pass this
bill, that we shall do the business in earnest.
1 am earnestly in favor of having an Arneri
can line, but 1 do not want to have an Ameri-
can line and have it inferior to and distanced
by any foreign line.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
The first section provides that the contract
shall be "for a term not exceeding twenty
years;" and the second section gives the Post-
master General "power to modify such agree-
ments from time to time as may best promote
the'objeei in view."
Mr. MORRILL,ofVermont. Iwouldqnite
as soon trust the wisdom of Congress as the
wisdom of any Postmaster General. I pro-
pose that we shall fix the matter according to
our own discretion.
Mr. POMEROY. And the eighth section
says that Congress may at any time hereafter
during the period of twenty years terminate
or abandon the contract.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Iknow;but
if we make this arrangement for twenty years,
and we should undertake to terminate it be-
fore that time, they would ask us to make them
some compensation for damages. I do not
propose to leave it so that there will be any
contingency about damages, and twenty years
is too long a time for any mail contract to run.
Mr. FR13LINGHUYSEN. I ask my friend
from Vermont, whether he would be willing
that the United States should make a contract
with this company or with anybody else, and
then terminate that contract before the lime
limited for its expiration, and not compensate
them forthe injury thereby done?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I certainly
would not, and therefore I propose to have it
fixed at ten years, so that there shall be no
question of damages about it.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. In fixing a con-
tract of this kind where parties are going into
an investment of millions, time is of the very
essen:e of its whole value. Nobody would go
into this expenditure of four or five million
dollars for a contract of a few years. I think
the bill as it stands in that regard is as correct
as it can be made:
Congress may at any time hereafter during the
period ot twenty years, terminate or abandon any
contract of the United States with suet) company, and
having a due regard to the accrued rights of the said
company, alter, repeal, or amend this act.
Then, as to the other suggestion of my
friend 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the
Senator will allow me to finish what 1 have to
say. He is making a longer speech by way of
interruption of me than I proposed to make
myself.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday is regularly before the Sen-
ate, being the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. NYE. I hope the honorable Senator
who has that bill in charge will allow it to be
passed over informally for a few minutes, and
i think we may get a vote on this bill.
Mr. CONNESS. If it is the iutention of
those who make themselves the peculiar friends
of this bill to resist amendments reconciling it
to what we have done in other cases, and to
what seems to some of us at least proper to do,
they cannot pass it in a few minutes.
Mr. NYE. I do not know what the honor-
able Senator from California means when he
talks about " the peculiar friends of this bill."
Mr. CONNESS. I will explain 
Mr. NYE. I am no moie a peculiar friend
to this bill than I am to any other. I have
witnessed for long years the dwarfing and
dwindling of our commerce until I have seen
that not a mail goes from our country under the
American flag; and, in that respect, when I
see that the postages alone will pay for the
investment, and start and sustain and maintain
a line of steamers under our own flag, I do feel
a "peculiar interest" in having that state of
things brought about. I have no other interest
than that.
Mr. CONNESS. The honorable Senator
from Nevada need not at what I said have
gone off into a pet. It would be very far from
me to impute to that honorable Senator, or to
any other Senator, such a sense to the word I
used as to need the expression of any indig-
nation at all. I meant, what I wa3 going to
say, if the Senator had permitted me, those
who are in favor of passing the biil without
amendment, nothing more. I am in favor of
its passage if Senators will consent to its
proper amendment, and not otherwise.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask that the Indian
appropriation bill be laid aside informally
until we come to a vote ou this bill.
Mr. HOWE. If the vote could be taken, I
would not object, but it has already been inti-
mated that there are amendments to be moved.
Mr. POMEROY. It is so late in the session
that I think it important to dispose of this bill
when we have it before us. 1 feel no more
interest in it than I suppose every Senator does
who is concerned for the public interest, but
it was placed in my charge by the committee,
and I have tried on that account to secure its
Mr. HOWE. I ask the Senator from Kan-
sas if he does not think he will expedite the
measure by laying it aside, and having a con-
ference with those gentlemen who wish to
amend it. There seem to be differences of
opinion prevailing about the bill at present,
and a little conference among Senators perhaps
would reconcile those differences.
Mr. POMEROY. The simple proposition
whether this contract shall run lor ten or twenty
years can be settled by a vote very soon. There
is only one way to settle it.
Mr. HOWE. With how long a time will the
Senator be satisfied?
Mr. POMEROY. I should presume thirty
or forty minutes would be sufficient.
Mr. HOWE. Then if there be no objection
in any other quarter I shall consent that the
appropriation bill be laid aside informally for
half an hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There
being no objection, the consideration of House
bill No. 939 will be continued for half an hour.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, a monopoly of the mails of tne United
States to Europe introduces anew system, and
it is one which any company can afford to otfer
liberal terms in order to obtaiu. It is a matter
of some question whether this systemis a better
one than to give to all vessels the postages
which might accrue on the mails they carry.
I, for one, am strongly in favor of establishing
a line of American steamships, and I do think
there ought to be some party in favor of the
interests of the United States and not al! upon
the side of the navigation company ; that we
should see to it that we obtain first-class ser-
vice ; and the amendments which I propose I
think will secure that, and then, if there should
be, ten years hence, such improvements, such
changes as may require a different system, we
shall have it within our power to make a new-
contract. Certainly, ten years is a long time
for any one company to have a monopoly of
this business. It is twice and a half as long
as any land-service contracts are given out,
and it would seem to be long enough for any
sea service. I move, in the first place, in line
fourteen of section one, to strike out "twenty'
before the word "years" and insert" ten '■
Mr. POMEROY. I hope that will not be
agreed to. The Senator from Vermont seems
to apprehend that those who are in favor of
this bill are not. in favor of the American Gov-
ernment, but are in favor of some company.
I apprehend—and if I had not have so thought
I should not have reported the bill—that this
bill is for an American line in the interest of
the American Government. Of course it is
not simply for carrying mails; there is a sys-
tem of emigration connected with it which will
be of great interest to the country, and I con-
fess that that section of country which-1 try
here in part to represent is more interested in
that feature than in simply carrying the mails.
The Senator from Vermont is always an
American and for American interests, especially
on questions of tariff and trade between this
country and other countries. I thought this
was peculiarly in that interest, and it was sur-
prising to me that the Senator from Vermont
should not have so considered it. The Sena-
tor must be aware that for an American com-
pany to start out and raise from live to seven
million dollars and get into successful com-
petition with the companies that are subsi-
dized by the British Government, requires
no ordinary energy and no ordinary capital.
To guard against a continued monopoly, to be
complained of by American citizens, such as
the Senator suggests, those who drew this hill
were led to insert in it a provision that at any
time during the twenty years Congress may
terminate or may abandon the contract, or
amend or repeal the act. They can require
such additional speed or security as the inter-
ests of the service may require. We do not
lose our control over it.
We give, we think, in this bill enough to
encourage a company to organize ; and give
them standing and character sufficient to raise
some capital, and, within one year, to put seven
steamers on the ocean. It is no ordinary enter-
prise. It is an enterprise of magnificent pro-
portions. The Senator from California knows
very well what the Pacific line have been
required to do, and how they have labored,
anu the obstacles they have had to overcome;
and that with a subsidy of five miliiouo hang-
