4074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
ing over them—that is $500,000 a year for ton
years. This company, without a subsidy guar-
antied of that character, but having precisely
what we give the foreign lines, now propose to
do the same thing; and I cannot see why we
should not, at least, allow them to try the
experiment. I know very well that we here-
after, in the course of ten or twelve years,
require greater speed, different kinds of ves-
sels ; but that whole subject is within the con-
trol of Congress.
At a hint from the Senator from New Jer-
sey, I will not say any more. I see he wants
to vote, and, as 1 believe the Senate understand
the measure, I will be contented to abide by
the vote.
Mr. CONNESS. Well, Mr. President, we
are not going to vote until this question is
discussed a little. We have had some prece-
dents in this business, and I am only a little
astonished to find gentlemen so ready to travel
out of the line of the precedents established.
We have subsidized two lines of steamships;
one is the line to Brazil for ten years; the other
the line between San Francisco, Japan, and
* China, for ten years. In the one case we pay
$150,000 per annum for the first-named service;
in the second case we pay for twelve round
trips a year $500,000 per annum for a distance
exceeding six thousand miles per trip; a round
trip doubling that reaching about thirteen thou-
sand miles. This is a very considerable sub-
sidy if it be reduced to $400,000, and I should
be willing to vote them more than that. But
why shall we leave the track of these prece-
dents, I ask the Senator from Kansas?
11 is very properly slated by the Senatorfrom
Vermont that twenty years of time is now a
great period. Why shall we mortgage the post-
ages of the United States for twenty years?
Is it necessary for the purpose of establishing
this line? The Senator from Kansas says that
it is to be established against subsidized lines.
That is not true, sir. There is but one sub-
sidized line, and that subsidy is now about to
be withdrawn, and will be withdrawn. The
Senator shakes his head. It is to be with-
drawn, sir; and some of the most successful
lines now crossing the Atlantic receive no sub-
sidy from any source. Among these are the
Bremen line and the Inman line; the Ifrraan
line never received a subsidy. But I am not
arguing against a subsidy because T would put
an American line beyond the peradventure or
question-of success; but I ara not in favor of
voting the postages of this country for twenty
years.
The Senator says that the last section pro-
vides that we may alter or amend or repeal this
bill at any time ; and what does it provide for
otherwise in another section? That bonds for
twenty years for between four and five millions
of dollars shall be issued by this company based
upon the postages. Suppose we change the
act belore that time, shall we not be respons-
ible to ihe holders of those bonds ? Of course
we suall be.
I hope, sir, we shall not change in this re-
spect the rule that has been established. Ten
years of time is long enough. I would sooner
vote $800,000 of postages for ten years than
$400,000 for twenty years. Who would not?
1 think it would be very bad statesmanship to
refuse to vote double the amount for half the
time. The navigation of the Atlantic has
changed and is changing very rapidly. Within
the last two years there has been a mighty
change. Why is this? The whole American
nation in the last five years have taken to trav-
eling. In the last two years the travel has
doubled and quadrupled ; and it will go on at
that rate because there is no country in the
•world the population of which are so well off,
so able to travel, as that of ours, and navigat-
ing the Atlantic ocean is no longer a problem
of success.
But., Mr. President, if the friends of this bill
are disposed to fix upon us a monopoly of the
postages for twenty years with bonds to be
issued based upon them, so that we are to be
made responsible, then I, for one. object to the
passage of the bill in toto, and propose to dis-
cuss it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, the ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
'Vermont, striking out '"twenty" and insert
" ten."
Mr. CONNESS. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 17 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Btiekn lew. Cole, Conness,
Oorbett, Fessenden, Harlan, McCreery, Morgan,
Morrillof Vermont, Patterson ofTennessee, Kamsoy,
Sherman. Tipton, Van Winkle, Viokers, Wkytc,
Willey. Williams, and Wilson—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Drake, Freling-
huysen. Howard, Howe, Morrill of Maine. Morton,
Nye.Osborn.'Patteison of New Hampshire, Pomeroy,
Rice. Ro-s. Stewart, Wade, and Welch—17.
ABSENT —Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Conklins;,
Cragin, Davis, Dixon. Doolittle,'Edmunds. Ferry,
Fowler. Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks, McDonald,
Norton, Saulsbury, Sprague, Sumner,Thayer, Trum-
bull, and Yates—21.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
know that the next amendment is so import-
ant ; but still I think we ought not to permit
any of these vessels to be of so low a tonnage
as two thousand tons. All the vessels that
are engaged in this business are of much larger
tonnage, and if we are to make this line a re-
spectable line, and one that is to grapple in
competition with other lines and be a success,
the' ships all ought to be not less than three
thousand tons burden. I therefore move in
line five of section two to strike out the words
"five of," and in lines six and seven to strike
out " and two others of not less than two thou-
sand tons each ;" so as to read : "seven first-
class sea-going steamships which shall not be
of less than three thousand tons each."
Mr. NYE. I despair entirely of having any-
thing passed here that will be of the least bene-
fit. Every effort that has been made to estab-
lish a line of steamers, when the proposition
comes before Congress, is a foot too long or
a foot too short or too narrow for somebody.
One man wants ships of two thousand tonsand
another of three thousand tons. So it goes on
until I have come to the conclusion that it is
the settled determination of the legislative
power of this country that there shall never be
another ocean steamship that has the counte-
nance and support of the Government under
our own flag. There has been a line of steam-
ers established lately across the Atlantic by
efforts made in the city of Baltimore, and yet
it docs not carry the American flag except
when it enters our port. It sails under a foreign
flag. Our own stars and stripes are doomed to
banishment from the great ocean, because
there is no sort of plan upon which a majority
of Congress can be found to agree which will
provide for an American line.
Now, sir, the project before the Senate as
presented in the bill reported by the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads was simply
this: this company proposed for the postages
for twenty years to establish a line of steamers
consisting of seven ships, which could not cost
in the market, as is well known, built in this
country, where the bill obligates thetn to build
them, less than $15,000,000. That is a large
outlay, an outlay that but very few men will
undertake. Now I ask my ever-ready mathe-
matical friend from Vermont to see what
$400,000 for twenty years will come to.
Mr. CONNESS. Ten years.
Mr. NYE. Twenty years; I am talking
about the bill. Now, sir, with this encourage-
ment, without the possibility of bringing the
Government into liability for one penny, this
company offer to undertake this work allowing
the power to be reserved to cancel or abolish
the contract at any time, first with the Post-
master General, and second with Congress.
Sir, what does the history of the past show
in regard to this matter? We once had one
of the best lines of steamships that this country
or any other ever saw. It was driven from the
ocean by foreign Powers and by individual
exertions here. The history of the past shows
that those experiments have been failures where
the Government voted millions of dollars to
uphold thera. Why were they failures? In
the first place the outlay of the Collins line
was too great, and in the next place they were
run on the most extravagant plan possible, and
subsequent invention, subsequent discoveries
in science, have shown that shipsof thesamesize
can now be run for much less money. Hence
these people are ready to undertake this work.
There are two classes of serviee that this
line want to perform; the first is the mail service
and general passenger business, and the next
an immigrant line. These lighter ships of two
thousand tons will answer for the immigrant
business. In this connection let me say to my
friend from Vermont that the three thousand-
ton ships that this company propose to put upon
the line will carry more passengers, are wider
and deeperand broader than the four-thousand
ton ships at British measurement, of which the
Cunarders are a fair sample. The three
thousand-ton ship by our measurement has
more surface measurement, carries more tons,
has more room than a ship of four thousand
tons British measurement. 'The Senatorfrom
California laughs with incredulity, but if he
will look at the measurements of the two
countries he will find that what I say is correct.
I speak from the book.
But now my friend from Vermont is not
satisfied with that. He wants to knock these
two-thousand-ton ships out of this bill. He
is not satisfied with cutting down the term of
the contract to ten years, but he wants to make
it obligatory on the same company that take
it for ten years to build a thousand tons more
on the two ships, after he has already crippled
and hampered them. I insist upon it that we
might as well say once for all that we do not
want or will not have a line of American
steamers across the Atlantic ocean. Sir, it is
a shame to the nation, it is a shame to the
representatives of the nation, that this condi-
tion of things has been tolerated so long. We
have sat quietly by and seen ship after ship
driven from the ocean until the stars and stripes
are a curiosity to-day in the greatest commer-
cial emporium of the world, New York, and
there is not a mail that goes from our shores
that does not go in foreign bottoms.
Sir, I am earnest about this matter, and I
hope my honorable friend from Vermont will
not be too tenacious about his amendments. If
we pass the bill now we can amend it next
year; but I insist upon it, and I ask the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont and the honor-
able Senator from California, for God's sake
let us get once, and in this year, one American
flag floating over an American vessel in which
an American heart will feel pride as an Amer-
ican citizen steps on its deck to travel to a
foreign country.
Mr. CONNESS rose.
Mr. NYE. My friend from California will
be patient for a moment.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope I do not disturb
the honorable Senator.
Mr. NYE. No; you do not disturb me; but
you look as though you wanted to speak so,bad
that it bothers me a little. [Laughter.]
I insist upon it that the original bill ought to
be passed. It is a great and liberal undertak-
ing on the part of these contractors to attempt
to do that. My opinion is that they will find
themselves troubled when they attempt to do
it; but I sincerely hope that this bill will pass,
and that the honorable Senator from Vermont,
when he has knocked ten years off from the
existence of the contract, will not attempt to
put two thousand tons more upon their vessels.
I have witnessed for years the failure of
efforts to aid in the establishment of a line of
American steamers, and the reason is that
somebody always wants somebody else subsi-
dized. If it is a line from Maine that is pro-
posed, somebody wants a line from Boston;
it it is a line from Boston some one from New
York wants a line from New York; and so we
go on and all find themselves beaten at last;
and the sad, sickening, disgraceful spectacle is
presented to us squarely in the face that we
