2026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 20/
application to the Department and tliey tell
me his salary is based on the adjustment made
in 1864. It is adjusted once in two years, and
he might have had it adjusted, perhaps, if he
had made application, as the postmaster at
Cairo might have done had he made applica-
tion, but not having done so the Department
say it is too late. The case I refer to is pre-
cisely similar in principle to this one, and I
give notice to the committee that I shall intro-
duce a bill for an adjustment of it, and I hope
the same liberality will be shown by the House
in that case that is shown in the present one.
Mr. MARSHALL. I desire to say a word
on this bill.
Mr. FERRY. How long?
Mr. MARSHALL. One minute.
Mr. PERRY. I will give it.
Mr. MARSHALL. 1 merely want to say
that I should be sorry to see any opposition
made to the bill now before the House. There
is no analogy between the office at Cairo during
the time Mr. Sloo held it and that referred to
by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Peters.]
The responsibility upon the postmaster at Cairo
during that time was unparalleled, and the duty
performed by him was unparalleled throughout
the country.
Mr. FERRY. If the gentleman will pardon
me, I was under a misapprehension as to the
time remaining, i thought I had eighteen min-
utes. I am now told that the morning hour
will expire at eighteen minutes past one o' clock,
and it is nearly that tune now.
The SPEAKER. The time of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads will
expire at that time.
Mr. FERRY. The gentleman will, there-
fore, pardon me if I resume the floor and move
the previous question so as not to lose the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment reported from the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads was
agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading ;
and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. FERRY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from tiie president.
A message from the President, by Mr. Wil-
liam (x. Moore, his Private Secretary, in-
formed the House that the President had ap-
proved and signed an act (H. R. No. 331) to
iacililate the payment of soldiers' bounlies
under act of 1800, and an act (II. R. No. 731)
to authorize Charles Grafton Page to apply for
and receive a patent.
- civil applloplliation bill.
The morning hour having expired, the House
resumed the consideration of House bill No.
818, making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1809, and for other purposes, and
the amendments thereto reported from the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER stated that the pending
question was oil the following amendment re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union t on page !), in line one
hundred and eight, to strike out " $15,000"
and insert in lieu thereof " §89,008 ;" so that
the paragraph would read :
For construction of the court-housc at Des Moines,
Iowa, $8'J,0U8.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes 50, noes 50.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the
affirmative.
Mr. VVASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 07, nays 52, not voting
70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Arnell, Delos R, Asfi-
Iey, Banks, Beck, Boyer, Brooks, Cake, Chanler,
Churchill, Cullorn, Dawes, Dodge, Eckley, Eldridge,
Eliot., Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Garfield, Gravely,
Hawkins, Hopkins, HotchUiss, Hunter, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Johnson, Judd, Koiley, Kerr, Laflin, Lin-
coln, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory,
Marshal), McClurg, Miller, Mullins, Mungen, Myers,
Newcomb, O'Neill, Paine, Peters, Pomeroy, Price,
Pruyn, Raum, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Sitgreaves,
Stewart, Talfe, Thomas, Twichell, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Henry D. Washburn, Welker, Thomas
Williams, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and
Windom—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Bailey, Baker, Barnes, Beaman,
Beatty, Blair, Bromwell, Broomall.Buekland, Reader
\V. Clarke, Covode, Dixon, Driggs, Fields, Getz, Gol-
laday, llaight, Halsey,Hill, Holmnn, Chester D.Hub-
bard. Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Kelsey, Koontz,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, McCormick,
Mercur, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Niblack, Orth,
Perhain, Pike, Polsley, Randall, Selye, Aaron K
Stevens, Tuber, Taylor, Trowbridge, Upson, Van
Auken, Van Trump, Ward, Elilm B. Washburne,
William B. Washburn, William Williams, Wood,
and Woodward—52.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames,
Archer, James M. Ashley, Axtell, Baldwin,Barnum,
Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell, Burr,
Butler, Gary, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook,
Cornell, Donnelly, Jiggleston, Ela, Finney, Fox,
Glossbrenner, Griswold, Grover, Harding, Iligby,
Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard. Humphrey, Jones, Ju-
lian, Ketcham, Kitchen, Knott, Marvin, Maynard,
McCarthy, McCullough, Morgan, Mornssey, Nich-
olson, Nunn, Phelps, Pile, Plants, Poland, Robin-
son, Schenck, Scofield, Shanks, Shellabarger, Smith,
Spalding, Starkweather, Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes,
Stone, John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van
Aernam, liurt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn. Van
Wyck, Stephen F. Wilson, and Woodbridge—70.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. SCOFHSLD said: Upon this question
I have paired off with the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Allison.] He is in favor of this
amendment, while I am opposed to it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment was adopted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASIPURNE, of Illinois. lask unani-
mous consent to change the phraseology of the
amendment just adopted ; so that it will read:
For the construction of a public building for a court-
house, post office, and for offices of the United States
at Des Moines, Iowa, &e.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I have no objection
to that amendment.
No objection beingmade, theamendmentwas
modified accordingly.
The next amendment reported from the
Committee of the Whole was to strike out
"$2-5,000" and insert "§50,000," in the fol-
lowing clause:
For the construction of a court-house at Madison,
Wisconsin, £25,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suppose
this House is determined to take this money
out of the Treasury any way, and there is no
use in opposing it.
The SPEAKER. Then the amendment will
be considered as agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, ot Illinois. I move the
same change of phraseology in this amend-
ment that 1 did in the Iowa amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to, and the amendment, as amended,
was then agreed to.
The next amendment reported from the
Committee of the Whole was to insert the fol-
lowing clause in the bill:
For construction of post office and custom-house
at Cdno, Illinois, $49,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move the
same amendment here that I did to the last
two amendments.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to, and the amendment, as amended,
was then agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following clause :
For continuing the work of the Capitol extension,
$100,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That was
struck out, I believe, on the motion of the
gentleman from Iowa, of the Davenport dis-
trict, [Mr. Price, ] as an offset for the Iowa
grab. Now, I ask the attention of the House
to a letter from the architect of the Capitol
extension, which covers not only this particu-
lar item, but the other item for repairs of the
Capitol. I ask the Clerk to read the letter.
The Clerk read as follows
Architect's Office, Capitol Extension,
Washington, D. O., February 28,1868.
Sir: In reply to your verbal inquiries in relation
to the necessity for the items for the Capitol exten-
sion and new dome, in the ponding appropriation
bill, I have the honor to make the following state-
ment :
The appropriation of $125,OOQ asked for by this
office for the Capitol extension is lor the completion
of the wings, and not for any additions or extensions.
The entire marble work is in an unfinished condition,
requiring trimming down and pointing the joints, in
order to prevent injury to thewallsby the absorption
of water and freezing of the same in the joints. The
balustrade of the southwest portico is yet to be sup-
plied.
In order to further preserve the building the large
iron gutters on the roof, which arecontiuually leak-
ing, must be replaced or covered by copper gutters.
The roof itself, irom its peculiar con.-truetlon, re-
quires constant watching and repairs. At every snow
a torce of men are required to clear the roof in order
to keep the legislative Halls habitable. In fact so
great is this annoyance that a now roof of a different
construction, before many years, will have to bo
supplied.
it is the intention to paint the unfinished commit-
tee looms, and the exterior woodwork should also
be repainted.
The granite steps of the north, south, and western
porticos, which have settled off Irom the building on
account of their foundations running but a short
distance in the ground, and then resting on made
soil, should be reset. There are many otlier repairs
and contingencies which would be paid for out of
this appropi iation.
As to the item of $5,000 for the now Dome, I have
to say that the entirework is not yet completed, and
that from tile expansion of the iron, ol which mate-
rial the Dome is constructed, the services of painters
are constantly required to fill up and paint the open
joints and other portions of the work in order to
prevent corrosion and consequent decay.
The item of $15,000 for the annual repairs of old
portion of the Capitol, is for the necessary reglazmg,%
painting, plumbing, and keeping the copper roof in*
repair, and for putting on iron skylights over the
cupolas, the present skylights being of wood, and are
so decayed that it is impossible to keep them weathcr-
tighl; in fact, one is in such a condition there is
danger of its falling in.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
EDWARD CLARK, Architect.
Hon. E. B. Washburne. Acting Chairman Committee
on Appropriations, House of Representatives.
Mr. WASHBORNE, of Illinois. If the
members ot' the House have listened to the
reading of this letter they can determine what
they should do in regard to this appropriation.
I will say, however, that the matter is more
elaborated in the report of the architect of the
Capitol extension, to which members can refer.
I can state, what is known to every gentleman
here who knows Mr. Clark, that he is one of
the most honest, reliable, and trustworthy men
whom we have ever had in the public service.
His slatements are to be fully relied upon.
The House has the facts before it, and it can
vote upon the pending amendment.
The question was upon striking out the
clause.
Mr. SELYE. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washburne] yield to me for five
minutes ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Certainly.
Mr. SELYE. Mr. Speaker, this architect,
the gentleman says, is an honest man. He
may be ; but it is with him as all other archi-
tects, the moment you stop the appropriations
" Othello's occupation's gone :" and then they
have to go to work and earn the money on
which to pay their taxes as my constituents
do. Now, this architect in his report asks for
$15,000 for repairs, when it appears he has
already on hand $51,000. He complains that
the gutters and sundry other things about this
building are out of order. Sir, if 1 were the
architect of tins hnildingor any other building,
new as this is, and if any part of it should get
out of repair so soon, 1 would fix it up in the
night at my own expense, to save my 'cwn
credit.
Mr. Speaker, we have been twenty-eight
years erecting the buildings on this five-acre
lot—eight years longer than it took Solomon
to build the temple and his own house besides.
[Laughter.] It seems to me that these build-
ings should be well constructed and need little
or no repairs at this time.
Now, sir, this appropriation should, at any
