642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
ginia in the Dismal Swamp Canal Company
produced ouly five per cent, of the par value of
said stock, and that the sale of the stock in said
canal held by the United States promises no
better return ; also that valuable land, at and
near the terminus of said canal on Elizabeth
river, suitable for important naval purposes,
has been otiered to tne Government on fair
terms in exchange at par for the stock in said
canal held by the Government of the United
States.
The joint resolution authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Navy to appoint suitable
commissioners to examine the said lands and
the terms of exchange offered or to be offered for
said stock, and to report thereon with his opin-
ion to Congress ; it also postpones the sale of
said stock heretofore ordered until Congress
shall have received and acted upon the afore-
said report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. WOODWARD. I move that the joint
resolution and preamble be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution was referred accordingly.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
insisted on its amendment, disagreed to by the
House, to the bill (EL R. No. 213) to suspend
further reduction of the currency; asked a con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, and had appointed Messrs. Cattell,
Trumbull, and Morton as conferees on the
part of the Senate.
reconstruction.
Mr. PHELPS resumed the floor upon House
bill No.*4o9, additional and supplementary to
an act entitled "An act to provide for the more
efficient government of the rebel States,'' passed
March 2, 1867, and to the acts supplementary
thereto, but yielded to
Mr. C ARY, who said: As I have no time to
give my views upon this subject I desire to ask
my colleague [Mr. Bingham] when he shall
close this discussion to answer four questions,
and as those questions shall be satisfactorily
answered will'my vote upon this bill be deter-
mined.
1. If General Grant shall neglect or refuse
to execute the provisions of this law, or if in
its execution he should aet in a cruel and op-
pressive manner, to what tribunal can he be
amenable for his nonfeasance or malfeasance?
2. As by the terms of the bill the President
cannot interfere, can the General be tried by
court-martial; and if so, who can order and
who shall constitute the court?
3. Not being a civil officer can he be im-
peached ; and if so, by whom and before what
tribunal?
4. If he cannot be arraigned by any earthly
tribunal, is he not made an absolute despot?
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Speaker, had I been
fortunate enough to have obtained the recog-
nition of the Chair at an earlier period of this
discussion, it was my intention to have sub-
mitted considerations somewhat at length upon
the constitutional aspect of the question pre-
sented by the bill now before us. But inas-
much as the views I had prepared to submit on
that aspect of the case have been very ably
enforced by othergentlemen who have preceded
me, as I have been anticipated to a very great
extent upon the points upon wh&h'I mainly
relied to demonstrate the unconstitutionality
of- the measure now under consideration, I
shall proceed to consider the merits of the bill
independent of that point.
This measure virtually assumes that the Con-
gress of the United States is in fact omnipotent
over all other departments of the Federal Gov-
ernment, supreme over the Executive, supreme
o*er the judiciary, supreme over the people,
as if, in short, there were assembled here not
only the distilled and concentrated wisdom,
but the blended and exclusive sovereignty of
the nation.
And even upon that startling hypothesis,
tipon a broad and comprehensive review of
the philosophy of this bill, taken in connection
with the whole system of legislation of which
it is a part, as it appears from the stand-point
of an enlightened and practical statesmanship,
I think it will be demonstrated that the strange
compound of Asiatic despotism and African
barbarism, miscalled reconstruction, of which
the pending measure is the latest and worst
development, is destructive, pernicious, anti-
republican, anti-democratic, and revolution-
ary. It is upon this ground, as well as upon
my firm conviction of the utter repugnance of
the system to every principle of the Constitu-
tion, that I have uniformly voted against the
measures which have preceded it. There is
another reason why I deem it unnecessary at
this late stage of the debate to consume time in
a discussion of the constitutional objections to
this measure, and that is the fact that the un-
constitutionality of the measure and of the
system of which it is a feature is at last ad-
mitted and plainly stamped upon the face of
the system itself. It is provided in the first
section of the bill now pending that—
"The so-called civil governments in said States re-
spectively shall not be recognized as valid or legal
State governments either by tbe executive or judicial
power or authority of the United States."
What is that but a confession of judgment?
The validity of the present "so-called civil
I governments" in the States referred to is one
| of the gre%t underlying legal questions upon
whose decision must ultimately depend the fate
I of the reconstruction measures themselves.
! There is but one department of this Govern-
1 ment competent to pronounce authoritatively
upon that question in the last resort. That
department is the judiciary. As if the scrutiny
of the Supreme Court was to be shrunk from,
this proposed act starts out in its very first sec-
tion by undertaking to withdraw from that tri-
bunal any consideration whatever of the funda-
mental legal question on the determination of
which its validity mainly depends. And by
another act, kindred to this and but recently
passed, this House has undertaken to control,
if not absolutely to gag, the voice of that court
even upon questions of constitutional law which
they are still permitted to consider, by requiring
; that in all cases where the effect of their judg-
j ment is to invalidate an act of Congress, upon
i the ground of repugnance to the Constitution
! of the United States, a majority of two thirds
| (which, with the present composition of that
I court, is equivalent to a majority of three
i fourths) shall be required, thus attempting to
. establish for the especial protection of the
i reconstruction measures an arbitrary and un-
precedented rule of decision which has never
been applied to any of those other important
: and vital questions which from time to time,
during the history of our Government, have
Csed before the cognizance of that high tri-
lal. A confession of weakness so extraor-
dinary and significant, extorted from the doubts
and fears of the f'ranrers of this bill and its
supporters, shows plainly enough what is their
opinion of its constitutionality when that ques-
tion comes to be tested before the only tribunal
in existence competent to pass upon it.
Sir, it will not do to discuss this question as
if the war were still raging. It will not do to
bring to bear here the arguments which were
so frequently employed to justity the course of
the Government during the war for the sup-
pression of the rebellion. Nor will it do to
attempt to support this and kindred measures
by contemptuously referring to the objections
which were successively urged against other
and totally different acts of Congress during
the war, acts which were defended at the time
upon the ground of their necessity as warmeas-
ures. Those days have passed, and passed for-
ever. The object of that legislation has long
been accomplished. The rebellion has been
suppressed, slavery abolished, and peace pre-
vails over the entire land. This bill, sir, must
be defended upon its own intrinsic merits, not
upon the merits of legislation which has pre-
ceded it during the existence of the rebellion.
It is but a flippant and meretricious defense of
this obnoxious legislation to endeavor to ex-
cite in its behalf the same passions which have
I heretofore been appealed to with so much suc-
cess to enkindle a patriotic spirit in support of
the Government, the Constitution, and the laws,
to rally the people round its flag when it was in
danger and before their capital when threat-
1 ened. Those appeals have been made, and
j they have produced their effect. They have
) had their effect upon me as well as upon gen-
, tlemen here who are bo prolific in those utter-
i ances now. The time has passed for that spe-
cies of discussion. We have done with the
war; and, sir, we have done, or ought to be
done, with war measures. A different state
of things now prevails; and the question is
upon what terms peace shall be made se-
cure and lasting, throughout all time, upon
republican and democratic principles. The
most vital of those principles is that which
builds government upon the consent of the
governed, and secures its stability by the in-
telligence and virtue of the masses reeeived
into the body-politic.
I Sir, the practical question which gentlemen
must meet here and before the country is too
1 apparent to be masked by the flimsy gauze of
^ passionate declamation. The question is simply
whether it is proper, statesmanlike, wise, or
j safe, to undertake to enforce universal negro
' suffrage over one third of this continent against
i the consent of the people who have heretofore
exercised in that section political power—
against the will of a majority of the people of
the North, as exemplified by their own practice,
and to continue to enforce it by military power at
an expense to the Government of $180,000,000
at the present time, to be increased fivefold
or even tenfold perhaps in the future. The
estimates for the support of the Army and
Navy for the current fiscal year exceed the
enormous sum just mentioned; and although it
is true that the whole amount is not to be
charged to an unnatural and despotic system
of reconstruction, and that a moderate deduc-
tion should be made for the necessary support
of a legitimate military and naval establish-
ment, yet the fact remains that to preserve the
order of Warsaw in communities made restless
and hostile by maladministration will require
a large standing army, with its lavish expendi-
tures, for a period of years beyond human fore-
sight to limit.
Do gentlemen seriously believe, Mr. Speaker,
that Africanized State governments, flanked by
cavalry, infantry, and artillery, will be long
tolerated by the tax-payers of this country at
their own expense? Do they seriously believe
in the practicability of forcing by outside pres-
sure heterogeneous elements into close rela-
tions, tCnd fusing into one harmonious body-
politic races which have heretofore, from the
beginning of time down to the present hour,
refused to intermingle upon terms of equality?
And while they are considering these ques-
tions let them also meditate over another prob-
lem. We have now to raise $140,000,000 of
gold per annum to pay the interest on our
bonds; to collect that amount of coin through
the custom-houses will require $400,000,000
or $500,000,000 of imports in gold per annum,
taking the present average rates of duties and
allowing for smuggling and undervaluation.
To meet this drain we must find other exports
to equalize exchange than the gold and sil-
ver of our western States and Territories and
our bonds. That section of the country
now undergoing the experiment of reconstruc-
tion contributed before the war more than
two thirds to the exports of the country. If
allowed the republican right of' self-govern-
ment under the Constitution of the United
States as it stands to-day, even with slavery
abolished: if relieved from the choking pres-
sure which now paralyzes industry and enter-
prise, that unhappy region would doubtless re-
organize its system of labor upon a just and
liberal basis, which would restore to it more
than its ancient prosperity, attract labor and
capital, and enable it again to pour its ex-
ports into the outward channel of our com-
