526
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 20,
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United Stales.
pay the balance due for the survey of the lands
embraced in the Omaha and Winnebago Indian
reservation in the State of Nebraska, under
contract dated August fourteenth, eighteen
hundx-ed and sixty-afx, as provided by a treaty
with the Omaha Indiansand authorized byaet
of Congress approved July twenty-eight, eight-
een hundred and sixty-six.* N
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
Commissioner of the General Land Office is
hereby authorized to continue the extension
of the geological explorations as begun in Ne-
braska under the provisions of the second sec-
tion of the deficiency act of Congress, approved
March two, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,
United States Statutes, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six andeighteenhundred andsixty-seven,
page four hundred and seventy, to qiher por-
tions of the public lands; and for that purpose
the sum of five thousand dollars is hereby ap-
propriated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
Commissioner of Patents beauthorized to rent,
under the direction of the Committees on Pat-
ents of the Senate and of the House of Rep-
resentatives, such rooms as may be necessary
for the speedy and convenient transaction of
the business of the office: Provided, That all
the moneys standing to the credit of the pat-
ent fund," or in the hands of the Commis-
sioner of Patents, and all moneys hereafter
received at the Patent Office, for any purpose,
or from any source whatever, shall be paid into
the Treasury as received, without any deduc-
tion whatever; and the sum of two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars is hereby appropri-
ated for salaries and miscellaneous and con-
tingent expenses of the Patent Office, and for
withdrawals, and for monies [moneys] paid by
mistake, to be disbursed under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior. And it shall
be the duty of the Commissioner of Patents to
communicate to Congress at the commence
ment of every December session a full and
detailed account of moneys received for du-
ties on patents and for copies of records and
drawings, and all other moneys received by
virtue of said office; and of all moneys ex-
pended by him underand by virtue of this pro-
vision for said contingent and miscellaneous
expenses, and for salaries, and the names of
the persons to whom such salaries are paid,
and the amount thereof paid to each.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the
city of Georgetown, the city of Washington,
and the levy court of the county of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia, be, and they are
hereby, authorized to levy and collect a spe-
cial tax on the taxable property within their
respective jurisdictions, for the erection of
school-houses and the support of public schools,
not exceeding fifty cents on each one hundred
dollars for any one year, to be assessed and
collected as other taxes.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That all
laws and parts of laws that regulate the prices
of labor in the Government Printing Office
be, and the same are hereby, repealed ; and
it shall be the duty of the Congressional Printer
to contract with the persons in that employ-
ment at such prices as are for the interest of
the Government, and are just to those em-
ployed.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That for
the purpose of executing the fourth article of
the treaty of Washington, concluded on the
ninth day of August, eighteen hundred and
forty-two, the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized and directed to pay to the
State of Maine, for ninety-one thousand one
hundred and twenty-five acres of land assigned
by said State to settlers under said article, a
sum equal to one dollar and twenty-five cents
per acre ; and to the Commonwealth of Mas-
sachusetts for twenty-six thousand one hun-
dred and fifty acres of land a sum equal to
one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre:
Provided, That before said sums are paid the
States of Maine and Massachusetts shall agree
with the United States that the settlers upon
their public lands in the late disputed territory
in Maine entitled to be quieted in their pos-
session, as ascertained by commissions here-
tofore instituted by said States, shall have been
or shall be quieted by a release of the title of
the said States.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Interior, in his discretion, is
authorized to expend the appropriation here-
tofore made for the purpose of erecting a pen-
itentiary for the Territory of Colorado, on the
site belonging to and provided by the said
Territory for the purpose: Provided, That no
part of this property shall be sold or trans-
ferred without the consent of the United States
lirst had and received.
Ait-roved, July 20, 1868.
Chap. CLXXVIII.—An.Act to facilitate the
Settlement of certain Prize Cases in the
Southern District of Florida.
Be it enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized and directed,
upon the execution and delivery to him by the
administratrix of the estate of James C. Clapp,
deceased, late United States marshal for the
southern district, of Florida, of a proper writ-
ten release of all claims and demands for, or
on account of, all costs, charges, fees, and
expenses due, or claimed to be due, the said
Clapp as marshal aforesaid, or to his estate, in
any prize or other cases in said district, to
accept from said administratrix the sum of
fifty thousand dollars in full satisfaction of all
claims and demands of the United States
against the estate of the said James C. Clapp,
and against the sureties in said Clapp's official
bond, and that said sum of fifty thousand dol-
lars when paid, together with the sums now on
deposit with the Assistant Treasurer in New
York to the credit of the said Clapp ami to
tlie credit of the United States district court
for the southern district of Florida, shall be
deposited with the Assistant United States
Treasurer at Washington, District of Colum-
bia, subject to the order of the United States
district court for the southern district of Flor-
ida, for the purpose of meeting decrees of dis-
tribution or restitution in the following prize
causes pending in said district: schooner
Lucy No. 1, the cargo of the steamer Adela,
schooner Alicia and cargo, schooner Isabel
and cargo, the steamer James Battle, schooner
Diana and cargo, schooner Sea Lion and cargo,
the cargo of the steamer Nita, steamer Pearl
and cargo, schooner Teresa No. 2, steamer
Union, steamer Victor and cargo, and schooner
John Williams.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Navy is hereby authorized and
directed to deposit with the Assistant United
States Treasurer at Washington, District of
Columbia, the appraised values of the prize
steamers Adela and Nita, condemned in said
district court, and taken into the naval service,
and, after deducting all proper charges and
expenses, a moiety of the same shall be dis-
tributed under the decree of the said district
court, according to law, among the captors
entitled to share in said prizes, the steamers
Adela and Nita respectively, and the remain-
ing moiety of the same shall be subject to the
order of the said district court, as hereinafter
provided.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That of
the moneys mentioned in the first section of
this act, when deposited as herein provided,
there shall be retained by the said district
court a sufficient fund to await final decrees in
those of the cases enumerated in the first sec-
tion of this act, wherein appeals have been
taken to the Supreme Court of the United
States; and that the balance of said moneys,
together with one half of the appraised values
of the prize steamers Adela and Nita, mentioned
in the second section of this act, shall be dis'
tributed as prize-money among the captors in
those of the cases enumerated in the first sec-
tion of this act, in which final decrees of con-
demnation have been entered, and which are
ready for distribution, without reference to the
interest of the United States in any and all of
the said cases, which said interest of the U nited
States in each of the said cases, and the pro-
ceeds for distribution therein, as well as th«
interest of the United States in the appraised
value of the prize steamers Adela and Nita, is
hereby relinquished for distribution to the cap-
tors in those of the cases enumerated and men-
tioned in the first section of this act wherein
decrees of condemnation have been or shall be
entered, and for payment to the claimants in
those of said cases wherein final decrees of
restitution have been or may be passed ; and
that in each of said cases wherein final decrees
of condemnation and distribution have been or
shall be entered, the sum to be paid into the
Treasury of the United States for distribution
to the captors shall be one half of the gross
proceeds of sale in said oases, less the costs
taxed and allowed by the court: Provided,
That any sum or sums remaining after execu-
tion of all decrees of distribution and restitu-
tion as hereinbefore provided be paid into the
Treasury of the United States to the credit of
the Navy pension fund: And provided further.
That nothing herein contained shall be deemed
an admission on the part of the United States
of any liability for the defalcation of the said
Clapp as marshal aforesaid.
Approved, July 20, 1868.
Chap. CLXXIX.—An Act authorizing tlio
Construction of a Bridge across the Missouri
River, upon the Military Reservation at Fort
Leavenworth, Kansas.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That it shall be lawful for
the Kansas and Missouri Bridge Company, a
corporation having authority from the State of
Kansas, to build a railroad, transit, and wagon
bridge across the Missouri river upon or near
the military reservation of Fort Leavenworth ;
and that when constructed all trains of all roads
terminating at the Missouri river at or near the
location of said bridge shall be allowed to
cross said bridge for a reasonable compensa-
tion, to be paid to the owners thereof. And
in case of any litigation arising from any ob-
struction or alleged obstruction to the free
navigation of said river, the cause may be tried
before the district court of the United States
of any State in which any portion of said
obstruction or bridge touches.
Sec. 2. Arid be it further enacted, That any
bridge built under the provisions of this act
shall not be in any case of less elevation than
fifty feet above extreme high-water mark, as
understood at the point of location, to the
bottom chord of the bridge; nor shall the
spans be of less than two hundred and fifty
feet in length, in the clear, and the piers of
said bridge shall be parallel with the current
of the river, and the main span shall be over
the main channel of the river, at. low water.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That for
the use of railroads leading to said bridge from
either side of the river there is hereby granted
a right of way through said Fort Leavenworth
military reservation not exceeding for all of
said roads three hundred feet in width: Pro-
vided, That said roads do not in any way inter-
fere with the public buildings on said military
reservation.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
Kansas and Missouri bridge be, and the same
is hereby, established as a post road, and that
said bridge company shall have the right to
