1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3051
due his mother at her death be allowed him as
her heir. ~ *®
Also, a memorial of Elzy Rueker, asking
that money be refunded which was improperly
collected from him.
By Mr. NIBLACK: A memorial of Eliza-
beth Lamar, mother of Curtis Lamar, a soldier
in the late war, who was killed at Panther
creek, Kentucky, praying for a pension.
By Mr. SITGREAVES: A petition of S.
N. Marsh, asking an exteution of his patent
for improvement in trusses.
By Mr. STOKES : A petition for the relief
of the widows of Willis Riggs, John Conner,
and Barney Eastridge, of Hamilton county,
Tennessee.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 11, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. Wilson, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
invitation to a siiarpsiiooter's festival.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from P. P. Steffer, presi-
dent of the American Sharpshooters' Society,
inviting the Senate to be present at the shoot-
ing festival to be held at Jones' Wood, New
York city, from the 27th of June to the Oth
day of July, 1868: which was ordered to lie
on the table.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. CATTELL presented the preamble and
resolution of the National Board of Trade,
composed of delegates from the boards of trade
of the principal cities of the United States,
assembled at Philadelphia June 5, 1868, pray-
ing the passage of the bill (H. R, No. 788) to
regulate the appraisement and inspection of
imports; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. YATES presented a resolution of the
House of Representatives of the Legislative
Assembly of the Territory of Colorado in favor
of the admission of that Territory as a State
into the Union ; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. FERRY presented the petition of Jon-
athan J. Turner, praying an extension of Ins
patent for an improvement in alarm clocks ;
which was referred to the Committeeon Patents
and the Patent Office.
papers withdrawn.
On motion by Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Oi derfl, that Bcnj amin Til ley have leavo to with-
draw ins petition and papers from the files of the
Senate.
reports of committees.
Mr. DRAKE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Lieutenant Henry A. Bartlett, of the Marine
corps, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the petition
of Messrs. Sweeny and Baugh, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
lie also from the same committee to whom
was referred the petition of George Sibbaid,
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 505) to amend an act entitled
'•An act concerning the registering or record-
ing of ships or vessels,'' reported it without
amrmliiK'nt.
Mr. 110 WE, from the Committee on Chums,
to whom was referred the bill (H. 11. No. 722)
for the relief of Sally C. Northrop, reported it
without amendment.
lie also, fiom the Committee on Claims to
whuuiwa.s referred the petition of Matthias
ffurris, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther lonsideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce to whom was referred the petition
of citizens of Cambridge, Maryland, reported
a bill (S. No. 583) to establish Cambridge in
the State of Maryland, a port of delivery;
which was read and passed to a second read-
ing.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on
Claims to whom was referred the memorial of
William Pitcher and Axal Hayford, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee to whom
was referred the petition of Margaret A. Rus-
sell, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the resolution
submitted by Mr. Sumner, on the 18th of
March, to print extra copies of the President's
message and documents relating to the joint
occupation of San Juan island reported it
without amendment; and the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the resolution submitted by Mr.
Sherman on the 9th instant, to print addi-
tional copies of the amended bill relating to
international coinage, with the reports thereon,
and the report of Samuel B. Ruggles, com-
missioner to the Paris monetary conference,
reported it without amendment; and the reso-
lution was considered and agreed to.
bills introduced.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 532) to incorporate the Uniontown and
Washington City Railroad Company, in the
District of Columbia ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 534) relating to contested elections in the
city of Washington, District of Columbia;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
coups badges.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate
take up joint resolution No. 93, granting per-
mission to officers and soldiers to wear the
badge of the corps in which they served during
the rebellion. I suppose nobody will oppose it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. B. No. 93)
granting permission to officers and soldiers to
wear the badge of the corps in which they
served during the rebellion.
It provides that all who served as officers,
non-commissioned officers, privates, or other
enlisted men in the regular Army, volunteer,
or militia forces of the United States during
the war of the rebellion, and have been hon-
orably discharged from or still remain in the
service shall be entitled to wear, on occasions
of ceremony, the distinctive Army badge or-
dered for or adopted by the Army corps and
division, respectively, in which they served.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ezra carter, jr.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that
the Senate take up for consideration Senate
bill No. 353.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill
(S. No. 353) to authorize the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to adjust the accounts of
Ezra Carter, jr., late collector of customs at
Portland, Maine, was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It is an authorization to the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department to
settle and adjust the accounts of Ezra Car-
ter, jr., late collector of customs at Portland,
Maine, in which the vouchers have beeis de-
I stroved by tire, upon equitable pruiciplos, and
1 allow such credits as shall seem just and rea-
sonable from the best evidence the nature of
the case will ad mit; but the sum so to be allowed
is not to exceed $895 90, by reason of the loss
and destruction of his vouchers.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
contractors for iuon-clad vessels
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to take up the
bill which lias been considered by the Senate
two or three days, and I suppose will not
occupy much time. I allude to Senate bill
No. 307.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am very anxious to-
day—I have postponed it a long time—to take
up Senate bill No. 440, making some amend-
ments to the banking law, which ought to be
acted on. It is a bill of general importance,
and I trust the Senate will allow it to betaken
up. I do not wish to interfere with the pas-
sage of the bill of the Senator from Indiana;
but this is a matter of high public importance,
which ought to be acted upon, and I hope it
will be acted on in a short time, so that the
bill may be sent to the House of Represent-
atives
Mr.'HENDRICKS. The bill of the Sen-
ator from Ohio comes up regularly in the busi-
ness of the Senate, while this bill has been
considered in the morning hour.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I will state that at
one o'clock, whatever is pending, I will move
that the bill I have alluded to be taken up,
so that it may be disposed of, and either be
defeated or sent to the House to-day.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to make a motion
which may have some influence on the order
of business to-day, a privileged motion which
I wish to have entered, to reconsider the vote
on the final passage of the bill for the admis-
sion of the rebel States last evening.
Mr. CONNESS. That is not in order now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Can that motion be
made while my motion is pending ? I do not
wish to object to it, however.
Mr. SUMNER. It can be entered now;
that is all I ask to do now.
Mr. CONNESS. Entering a motion is
| making a motion. It cannot be entered unless
j it is made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
cannot now be made unless than by unanimous
consent, as there is another matter pending
before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Chair's pardon.
I think a motion to reconsider can be entered.
Mr. CONNESS. I object to that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 have no objection to
entering the motion.
Mr. SUMNER. The entering of a motion
to reconsider is always in order.
Mr. CONNESS. Well, Mr. President, I
rise to a question of order. I say no motion
can be entered unless it is first made. That is
my point of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Massachusetts makes a motion to
reconsider, and wants that entered on the
Journal.
Mr. CONNESS. He had not the floor to
make that motion. It was not made in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
true. The Senator from Indiana moves to take
up Senate bill 307, for the relief of certain
Government contractors. The question is on
taking it up for consideration.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. Iso.
307) for the relief of certain Government con-
tractors, the question pending being on the
amendment of Mr. Howe to the amendment of
Mr. Hfydrtcks.
Mr. H ENDRICKS. I ask that both amend-
ments be read
The Chief Clerk. The Senator from Indi-
ana [Mr. Hexdbicks] moves to insert at the
end of the bill:
I Which shall bein full discharge of all claims against
! til" United States on account of the vessels ujiou
I which the b^aiJ made the allowance as their repoit
I and or the act of March 2,18(57.
V
