1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
648
merce in time to arrest the swift descent which
the country is now making down a steep grade
to poverty and bankruptcy.
Mr. Speaker, instead of adding another turn
to the screw, instead of bolder and more im-
pudent aggressions upon the rights of the peo-
ple, the rights of States, the rights of the Ex-
ecutive and the judiciary, it is time, high time,
to retrace your steps. It has been found ne-
cessary to repeal, at least so far as this House is
concerned, tne tax oil cotton, and soon the
indignant voice of the people will demand the
repeal of the remainder of that destructive
system, of which the cotton tax was but one
feature.
The system is radically defective and unsound
in the philosophy upon which it is founded.
Certain high-sounding and specious catch-
words are assumed as axioms of eternal truth,
and from these by a syllogistic process logical
deductions are drawn and inexorably applied
to the affairs of men, without regard, on the
contrary with the most sublime contempt, for
their real condition, character, habits, inter-
ests, prejudices, or wants. It is the part of
true statesmanship to adapt legislation to the
temper of the people governed. Even a wise
despot will do as much as that. It is only a
Jacobin revolutionary convention in France, or
a Radical reconstruction Congress, that forces
mankind to the changing whimsies of its legis-
lative experiments, and disturbs the peace and
destroys the prosperity of society, under pre-
tense of accomplishing "equal and exact jus-
tice to all men."
Such was Robespierre when he exclaimed to
the French revolutionary convention, staggered
for the moment by the catastrophe of St. Do-
mingo, " Perish the colonies rather than sac-
rifice one iota of our principles!"
That is precisely the spirit that now presides
in these Halls, and dictates the abominable
legislation against which I protest. Perish
commerce, perish agriculture and ita staples,
perish industry and honest labor, perish the
shipping of America, perish the national credit
and the principles of civil liberty, perish the
colonies that we have degraded from States,
rather than sacrifice negro suffrage and with it
the ascendancy of the Radical party.
Here is an<kher of your men of ideas, who
would victimize a whole generation of men,
women, and children to a logical syllogism
from a fancy premise. "Cursed," says Wen-
dell Phillips, "cursed be the soul of.Benjamin
Franklin, who taught the American people the
value of a peunyl"
The American people are to-day paying an-
nually in Government, State, and municipal
taxes a greater amount per capita than is paid
bv any people of any country of debt-ridden
Europe. Notwithstanding the vigorous anath-
emas of Mr. Phillips and the lusty cries of
"equal and exact justice" from his sympa-
thizers on this floor, it is extremely doubtful,
to say the least, whether the American people
will much longer indulge either him or them
in the luxury of enforcing universal negro suf-
frage at the point of the bayonet at their ex-
pense, whether for the sentimental gratifica-
tion of the men of elevated moral ideas or for
the tangible emolument of practical spoilsmen.
And more particularly is this the case, Mr.
Speaker, when the vociferations for equal and
exact justice come from gentlemen who repre-
sent constituencies that have never yet been
able to see justice in that light for themselves.
In the mouths of honorable gentlemen from
Pennsylvania, from New York, from Ohio,
from Indiana, and Illinois, and even from Kan-
sas, it sounds rather like cant, and  vors
somewhat of hypocrisy, to claim the ballet for
the swarming negroes of Virginia, the Oaroli-
nas, and the Gulf States, when they haveover
and over again refused it to the very inconsid-
erable number of colored men, and tho3®com-
paratively intelligent, at home.
It seems to be thought, by some that thi peo-
ple of this country can be gradually inuied to
this abuse, that their prejudices may be*Over-
I come, their instincts stifled or extinguished,
: and that we long they will come to recognize
1 this system as a'beneficent power, aud thus
reconstruction will be finally consummated.
Let me tell gentlemen that the tide is setting
the other way, and so far from there being any
gradual approximation among the white peo-
ple of this country toward that elevated plane
on which gentlemen claim to stand, who come
from regions where there are few of the black
race, and who would have us stand also on
that plane recognizing what they call the rights
of human brotherhood, I think the convic-
tion is becoming more and more strong in the
minds of the people that there can be no such
thing in this country as the permanent, har-
monious living together of these two races
upon a footing of equality, marked as they are
by nature with such inextinguishable signs of
diversity. You have two parties now in each
of the States in which you are experimenting
with your reconstruction scheme. With a few
inconsiderable exceptions the blacks vote on
one side, the whites vote on the other. You
have, therefore, the white man's party and the
black man's party, and thfct distinction will
probably continue so long as the character-
istics which God and nature have stamped
upon these two races shall exist.
I have nowhere found this principle more
clearly or forcibly stated than in the terse lan-
guage of Mr. Lincoln. In a speech which he
, delivered during his celebrated canvass against
Judge Douglas, at Ottawa, Illinois, he ex-
pressed himself upon this subject as follows :
"I have no purposo to introduce political and
social equality between the white and black races.
There is a physieal difference between the two; which,
in my judgment, will probably forbid their ever
living together upon tho footing of perfect equality,
and inasmuch as it becomos a necessity that there
must bo a difference, I as well as Judge Douglas am
in favor of the race to which I belong having the
superior position." * * * * "X agree
with Judge Douglas he is not my equal in many re-
spects. Certainly not in color, perhaps not in moral
or intellectual endowments."
And again, at Columbus :
"I am not, nor ever have been in favor of bring-
ing about in any way thesocial and political equality
of the white and black races; I am not aud never
have been in favor of making voters or jurors of ne-
groes, nor of qualifying them to hold office or inter-
marry with tho white people; and I will say in addi-
tion to this, that there is a physical difference between
■ the white and black races which I believe will for-
ever forbid the two races living together on terms of
social ami political equality. And inasmuch as they
cannot so live, while they do remain together there
must be the position of superior and, inferior, and I,
i as much as any other man, am in favor of having
, the superior position assigned the white race."
I If those declarations were true then they are
i equally true now; if they were true in Illinois,
I or Ohio, they are equally true in Virginia and
! the southern States. The same physical dis-
| tinctions, the same moral and intellectual di-
I versity which existed then exist still. Neither
i of tlitem has been modified or changed by any
I of the events which have since transpired,
i The negro, notwithstanding all the attempts
' that have been made to elevate him to a posi-
tion of political equality with the white man,
remains and will continue to remain a negro
still. All these attempts amount to nothing
more than white-washing. And when the
' storms come, as come they will, to which every
race must be exposed that undertakes to main-
tain an equal position among a superior race,
\ his artificial covering will fall off and leave its
> possessor in a worse condition, probably, than
when it was applied.
Sir, it is impossible successfully to violate the
laws of nature and the laws—I say it with rever-
ence—of God himself. And to show that these
ideas are beginning to spread now over the
country, that so far from the people becoming
reconciled to this forced blending of heteroge-
neous races, aud prepared to acquiesce in the
j system as a finality, serious doubts are begin-
i nibg to be manifested, even in quarters where
the idea of negro equality might be supposed
to have taken the strongest hold, I will read
| from, the forty-eighth annual report of the Ver-
mont Colonization Society, at its meeting in
Montpelier, October 1867, an extract or two
from an address which was delivered before
that society by one of its members, and pub-
lished by its order:
"To show what one of the first and ablest men of
the nogro race thinks of his countrymen in this con-
nection, we may here quote from the inaugural ad-
dress of President Roberts of Liberia, delivered on
the 3d day of January, 184S. It was the first inau-
gural to the first republic of Africa since the days of
Carthage—sinco the days of that ancient republic
which has the honor at producing a man whosa wise
saying will stand as long as gladiatorial Rome will
stand: that nothing in. the shape of humanity teas for-
eign to him. 'But if there be any among us,' says
President Roberts in his first inaugural, 'if thero be
; any among us dead to all sense of honor and love of
1 their country; if deaf to all call3 of liberty, virtue,
and religion; if forgetful of tho benevolenco and
1 magnanimity of those who have procured this asylum
for them, and tho future happiness of their children;
if neither the examples nor success of othernations,
the dictates of reason and nature, or the greatduties
they owe to their God, themselves, and their poster-
ity, have any effect upon them; if neither tho inju-
ries which they received in the land whence they
came, the prize they are contending for, the future
blessings or curses of their children, the applause or
reproach of all mankind, the approbation or dis-
pleasure of the great judge, or the happiness ormis-
ery consequent upon their conduct in this and a
future state, can move them ; then let them be as-
sured that they deserve to be slaves, and are entitled
to nothing but anguish and tribulation. Let them
banish forever from their minds the hopo of ever
obtaining that freedom, reputation, and happiness,
j which, as men, they arc entitled to. Let them forget
every duty, human and divine; remember not that
, they have children, and beware how they call to
j mind the justice of the Supremo Being; let them
return into slavery, and hug their chains, and bo a
reproach and a by-word among all nations.'"
! " Another writer says: 'They ought to be made to
feel that it is their highest privilege, as well as their
imperative duty, to cast in their lot with the pioneers
in the work of Africa's civil, social, and religious
redemption, and sacrifice themselves, if need be, in
the stupendous work of spreading free government
and civil institutions over all Africa, and bringing
her uncounted population all under the dominion of
the Kingdom of Heaven.'
"If the negro cannot feel this degree of enthusi-
asm, cannot entertain this sense of duty, and arrive
at this pitch of heroic devotion to a great cause, it
may well be questioned whether ho is a fit member
of a republic anywhere, either in America or Libe-
ria. His stay in this country must ever be attended
with such depressing influences as to dwarf and stunt
his faculties, and render his condition anything but
desirable to high minded men, of whom it is said that
States are constituted. Tho spirit that becomes re-
lieved from some great oppression like that of slavery,
i and does not feel in response an ardent glow of benev-
olence and good will to all men, and a desiro to carry
this good will into practical operation toward his
fellow-beings, can bo of but little use to our system
of civilization anywhere, whether in America or
Africa.  
" With regard to the policy of keeping the negro
among us by the forcible detention—for where no
suitable facilities are offered for his going he is in a
measure forced to remain—wo may say that such a
course tends to tho loss of our national identity, and
consequently of our national character. Our insti-
tutions were not devised for Africans, Asiatics, Euro-
peans, or Indians. They were especially framed to
suit the condition of a certain kind of people who
had grown up under peculiar circumstances in the
forostsof a new world and were setting a new and
worthy example for the corrupt nations of the Old
World. Neither the African nor Indian, nor coolie,
nor modern European, had any voice in the compact
by which those institutions were established. Just
in proportion, therefore, as we adapt these institu-
tions to tho peculiarities of othermon than those for
whom they wore fashioned in that same proportion
must their spirit and character become changed. If
we admit other races and nations into the national
partnership with us wo may expect to adapt our in-
stitutions to them instead of fashioning them wholly
to ourinstitution^! The great fault of our war admin-
istration has been that it did not make use of tho war
power to a.«ert tho supremacy of the American Con-
stitution and of tho American character over the
heterogeneous elements of which our people have
come to be comprised, instead of pursuing the weak
course of altering the constitution to suit it to our
degenerate condition.
"There is no instance in either ancient or modern
times, says an able writer, of two separate and dis-
tinct races of men living together, in which one or
the other has become inferior, and in 110 one ease
have the members of the inferior race been able to
show themselves as capable of getting along in the
world as the superior race. But where the races have
been separated tho inferior race has then been able
to display quite as much aptitude in all that is essen-
tial to the growth and support of society as any other
race of men have done. The separation of two such
races is indispensable to tho success of the inferior
race. We might as well try to raise a good crop of
apples in a thick grove of oaks or pines as to cause
one race to thrivcundertheovershadowinginfluence
of a more powerful one. If this be trne, as it un-
doubtedly is. then our institutions cannot po.«ihly
extend equal rights and privileges to the AlVieau
without Iosingsome of their original force and char
actcr. We are indeed stretching the capacities of
our Government too far when we force it to include
heterogeneous elements that do not properly belong
