1868.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE
2027
rate, be amended so as to read, " for repairing
and finishing the Capitol extension, " &c.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ihaveno
objection to that amendment; I think it is very
proper.
Mi\ PRUYN. Does the gentleman from
Illinois think that this appropriation will finish
the work ?
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
paragraph as it will be when amended.
Tlie Clerk read as follows:
For repairing and finishing the Capitol extension,
$100,000.
Mr. NEWCOMB. I move to amend, so that
the paragraph will read, 44 For removing the
Capitol," &c. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. That would scarcely be
germane.
Mr. SELYE. I see that in this bill we have
the following appropriation:
For the annual repairs, such as painting, glazing,
keeping roofs in order; also water-pipes, pavements,
and approaches to public buildings, $15,000.
Now, if that appropriation is to pass, I
shall ask that the appropriation of $105,000
be cut down to $50,000, so as to make the
whole appropriation $05,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I believe
my friend's time has expired. I ask whether
the amendment to the phraseology of the par-
agraph is considered as adopted?
The SPEAKER. It is regarded as pending.
The first question is upon that amendment..
The question will then be upon the amend-
ment reported from the Committee of the
Whole, to strike out the paragraph.
The amendment of Mr. Selye was adopted.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment of the Committee of the Whole, to strike
out the paragraph.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Thenextamendmenfc reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
was read, as follows:
On pnge 12, strike out lines two hundred and fifty-
six and two hundred and iifty-scven, as follows:
For continuing the work on the new Dome of the
Capitol, $5,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Before the
question is taken on striking out this par-
agraph, I move that it be amended so as to con-
form in phraseology to the preceding par-
agraph, by striking out " continuing the work
on" and inserting "repairing and finishing."
The amendment of Mr. Washthtrxk, of Illi-
nois, was adopted.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment reported from the Committee of the
Whole.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The next amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole en the state of the Union
was read, as follows :
On page 12, strike out " one " in line two hundred
and sixty-six and insert "four;" so as to make the
paragraph read:
Smithsonian Institution:
For the preservation of the collections of the
exploring and surveying expeditions of the Govern-
ment, §i,OUO.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That
amendment came in as a sort of compromise.
I suppose there will be no objection to it.
The amendment was adopted.
The next amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
was read, as follows:
On page 13, strike out "ten," in line two hundred
and ninety-six, and insert "twenty;" so as to mako
the paragraph read as follows:
For surveying the public lands in Minnesota, at
rates not exceeding ten dollais per lineal mile for
standard lines, seven dollais ior township, and six
dollars for section lines, $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendmcnt reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
was read, as follows:
On page 13, strike out "fifteen," in line three hun-
dred and one, and insert" twenty;" so as to make the
paragraph read: .
For surveying the public lands xn Dakota Terri-
tory, including the lands along the Red River of the
North, at rates not exceeding ten dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, seven dollars for township,
and six dollars for section lines, $20,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That ought
not to be agreed to; $15,000 is entirely suffi-
cient.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I happen to know this
money is required.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call the
gentleman to order.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
42, noes 28.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays.
. The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken j and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 58, nays 44, not voting
87 j as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, DelosR. Ashley, Axtell
Barnes, Beck, Blair,Rucldand, Burr, Cake, .Chanler,
Sidney Clarke,Dixon, Dodge,Dnggs,Eblridgc.Ferry,
Goiladay, Gravely, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Judd, Kellcy,
Kerr, Kitchen, Knott, Lafiin, Loan, Logan, Marshall,
Mccormick, Morrell, Mungen, Myers, Newcomb,
O'Neill, Paine, Peters, Poland, Polsley, Pomeroy,
Pruyn, Raura, Ross, Spalding, Aaron F. Stevens,
Stewart, Xabcr, Taffe, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van
Auken, Van Trump, Welkcr, Thomas Williams, and
Wood—58.
NAYS — Messrs. Ames, Bailey, Baker, Beaman,
Beatty, Bromwell, Brooinall, lteaderW. Clarke,Cook,
Eliot, Farnsworth, Fields, Garfield, Getz, Haight,
Hawkins, Hill, liulburd, Ivclacy, William Lawrence,
Lincoln. Loughridgo, Maynard, Mcrcur, Miller,
Moore,Moorhead, Niblack, Nicholson, Orth, Plants,
Sawyer, Scolield, Sitgreavcs, Thaddeus Stevens, Tay-
lor, Trowbridge, Upson, Ward, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn,
Wijiiam B. Washburn;and William Williams—44.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer,
Arnell, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Barnam,
Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blaine, Boutweli, Boy er,
Brooks, Butler, Cary, Churchill, Cobb, Coburn, Cor-
nell, Covodc, Cullom, Dawes, Donnelly, Eckley,
Eggleston, Ela, Ferriss, Finney, Fox, Glossbrenner,
Griswold, Grover, Halsey, Harding, Higby, Holinau,
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard
D. llubbard, Humphrey, Jones, Julian, Kctcham,
Koontz, Geor&e V. Lawrence, Lynch, Mallory, Mar-
vin, McCarthy, MeCluig, McCullough, Morgan, Mor-
rissey, Mullins, Nutm, Perham, Phelps, Pike. Pile,
Price, Randall, Robertson, llobinson. Schenck.Selye,
Siianks, Shellabarger, Smith, Starkweather, Stokes,
Stone,!homas, John Trimble, Twichell, Van Aernain,
Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck,
James F.Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wil-
son, Windom, Woodbridge, and Woodward—87.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was read, as follows:
Page 15, line three hundred and forty-four, strike
out "five^and insert in lieu tnereof "twelve;" and
strike out " eight" and insert " tenso it will read :
For surveying the public lands in Montana Ter-
ritory, at rate's not cxeeedingliftecn dollars pcrlineal
mile lor standard lines, twelve dollars for township,
and ten dollars ior section lines, &o,000.
< Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is all
ri'ght.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was read, as follows:
In the same paragraph, relating to the surveying of
the public lands in Montana, strike out "i?5,0jjJ'
and inssci t in lieu thereof "^15,000."'
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I ask to say a few
words in explanation of that amendment. It
is a just and proper amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ I object.
It has been dismissed three or four times.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
30, noes 42—no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Nicholson
and Mr. Scofield were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 51, noes 45.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and days.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 70, nays 49, not voting
70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Dclos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley,
Axtell, Banks, Barnes,, Beck, Blair, Brooks, Buck-
land, Burr, Cake, Chanler, Coburn. Dodge, Eckley,
Eldridge, Ferriss, Getz, (Jolladay, Gravely, Holman,
Hotchkiss, Richard D. Hubbard, Hunter, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Johnson, Judd, Kellcy, Iverr, Knott, George
V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan. Mallory. Marshall, Mc-
Clurg, McCormick, Mungen, Myers, Newcomb, Nib-
lack, Nicholson, O'Neill, Peters, Pile, Poland, Polsley,
Pomeroy, Pruyn, Randall, Raurn, Ross, Sitgreaves.
Stewart. Taber. Talfe, Thomas, Lawrence S. Trimble,
and Wood—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Bearaan,
Beatty Bromwell, Broomall, Butler, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Covode, Cullom,
Dixon, Eliot, Farnswofth, Ferry, Fields, Garfield,
Haight, Halsey, Hill, Hulburd, Julian, Kelsey,
Kitchen, Koontz, Lafiin, William Lawrence, Lough-
ridge, Maynard, Mcrcur, Miller, Moore. Moorhead,
Morrell, Mulling, Orth, Paine, Perham, Plants, Price,
Scofield, Spalding, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Ste-
vens, Trowbridge, Cadwalader C. Washburn, and
Elihu B. Washburne—49.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames*
Anderson, Archer, Arnell, Barnum, Benjamin, Ben-
ton, Bingham, Blaine, Boutweli, Boyer, Cary, Cobb,
Cook, Cornell, Dawes, Donnelly, Driggs, Eggleston,
Ela, Finney, Fox, Glossbrenner, Griswold, Grover,
Hardin?, Hawkins, lligby, Hooper, Hopkins, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Jones.
Ketcham, Logan, Lynch, Marvin, McCarthy, McCuI-
lough, Morgan, Morrissey, Nunn, Phelps, Pike,
Robertson, Robinson, Sawyer, Schenck, Selye,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Smith, Starkweather, Stokes,
Stone, Taylor, John Trimble, Twichell, Van Aer-
nam, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, William B.
Washburn, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Wood-
bridge, and Woodward—70.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was as follows:
Page 15, after line three hundred and fifty-three,
insert the following paragraph:
For surveying the boundary line between the State
of Nebraska and the Territory of Colorado, and that
portion of the western boundary of the State of
Nebraska embraced between the forty-first and
forty-third parallels of latitude, estimated threo
hundred and twenty miles, at not exceeding twenty
dollars per mile, $6,400.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is
utterly useless for the committee to struggle
against this bill being loaded down with amend-
ments of this kind. I have no doubt thlfe
amendment is to be voted in because it takes
money out of the Treasury. There is no*,
earthly necessity for it. It is not recommended
by any proper authority.
Mr. IIOSS. Mr. Speaker, is discussion in
order?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is entitled
to an hour for explanation of the amendments.
The gentleman will find that to be so by refer-
ence to the report in the Globe.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The next amendment was as follows:
Page 16, strike out lines threo hundred and sixty-
six and three hundred and sixty-seven, as follows;
For repairs of Pennsylvania avenue, including
cleaning sewer-traps, new crossings, &c., $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was as follows:
Page 18, line four hundred and fifteen, strike
out the words " and Pennsylvania avenue, fifty/'
and insert in lieu thereof "thirty;" so that it will
read :
For lighting the Capitol and President's House
and public grounds around them, around the execu-
tive offices, $30,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was as follows:
Page 18, strike out lines four hundrel and six-
teen, four hundred seventeen, and four hundred
and eighteen, as follows*
For lighting Four-and-a-IIalf street, across the
Mall, and Maryland avenue west, and Sixth btreet
south, $20,000.
v The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following proviso on page IS:
Provided, Thatthc corporation of Washington city
shall light their street lamps with seven-feet burners,
twenty-one nights in each month, from dark until day-
light, and that no part of this appropiiation shall be
disbursed until it is proved to the satisfaction of the
chicf engineer of the War Department that said cor-
poration have so lighted their street lamps.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was as follows:
Page 18, line four hundred and twenty-seven,'
strikeout *' twenty " and insert in lieu thereof "five
so that it will read;
For pay of lamp-lighters, gas-fitting, plumbing,
lamp-posts, lanterns, glass, paints, matches, mate-
rials, and repairs of all sorts, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The last amendment was as follows;
At the end of line four hundred and thirty-one add
the following:
For continuing the work on the national arsenal at
Columbus, Ohio, $15,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
say a word npon this matter. It will be recol-
lected when we wore in committee there was
some discussion upon this amendment, and not-
withstanding it was an item that did not belong
to this bill and we had no information in rela-
tion to it, no recommendation and no estimate
from the Department, the committee detenu-
