528
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 20,
40th Oos-g....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
proof, and shall be increased in proportion for
any greater strength than the strength of proof
spirit as defined in this act; and any fractional
part of a gallon in excess of the number of
gallons in a cask or package shall be taxed as
a gallon. Every proprietor or possessor of a
still, distillery, or distilling apparatus, and
every person in any manner interested m the
use of any such still, distillery, or distilling
apparatus, shall be jointly and severally liable
for the taxes imposed by law on the distilled
spirits produced therefrom, and the tax shall
be a first lien on the spirits distilled, the dis-
tillery used for distilling the same, the stills,
vessels, fixtures, and tools therein, and on the
lot or tract of land whereon the said distillery
is situated, together with any building thereon,
from the time said spirits are distilled until
the said tax shall be paid.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That
proof spirit shall be held and taken to be that
alcoholic liquor which contains one half its
volume of alcohol of a specific gravity of seven
thousand nine hundred and thirty-nine ten
thousandths (.7989) at sixty degrees Fahren-
heit; and the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue, for the prevention and detection of frauds
by distillers of spirits, is hereby authorized to
adopt and prescribe for use such hydrometers,
saccharometers, weighing and gauging instru-
ments, meters, or other means for ascertain-
ing the quantity, gravity, and producing capa-
city of any mash, wort, or beer used or to be
used in the production of distilled spirits, and
the strength and quantity of spirits subject to
tax, as he may deem necessary ; and he may
prescribe rules and regulations to secure a
uniform and correct system of inspection,
weighing, marking, and gauging of spirits.
And in all sales of spirits hereafter made, a
gallon shall be taken to be a gallon of proof
spirit, according to the foregoing standard set
forth and declared for the inspection and gaug-
ing of spirits throughout the United States.
The tax on brandy made from grapes shall be
the same and no higher than that upon other
distilled spirits; and the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue is hereby authorized, with
the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury,
to exempt distillers of brandy from apples,
peaches, or grapes exclusively from such other
of the provisions of this act relating to the
manufacture of spirits as in his judgment may
seem expedient.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That
whenever the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue shall adopt and prescribe for use any
meter, meters, or meter safes, it shall be the
duty of every owner, agent, or superintendent
of a distillery to furnish and attach at his own
expense sucli meter, meters, or meter safes as
may have been prescribed for use at his dis-
tillery, and to furnish all the pipes, materials,
labor, and facilities necessary to complete such
attachment in accordance with the regulations
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, who
is hereby further authorized to order and re-
quire such changes of or additions to distilling
apparatus, connecting pipes, pumps, or cis-
terns, or any machinery connected with or
used in or on the distillery premises, or may
require to be put on any of the stills, tubs,
cisterns, pipes, or other vessels, such fasten-
ings, locks, or seals as he may deem neces-
sary.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That dis-
tilled spirits, spirits, alcohol, and alcoholic
spirit, within the true intent and meaning of
this act, is that substance known as ethyl alco-
hol, hydrated oxide of ethyl, or spirit of wine,
which is commonly produced by the fermenta-
tion of grain, starch, molasses, or sugar, in-
cluding all dilutions and mixtures of this sub-
stance ; and the tax shall attach to this sub-
stance as soon as it is in existence as such,
whether it be subsequently separated as pure
or impure spirit, or be immediately, or at any
subsequent time, transferred into any other
substance, either in. the process of original pro-
duction or by any subsequent process; and no
mash, wort, or wash fit for distillation or the
production of spirits or alcohol shall be made
or fermented in any building or on any prem-
ises other than a distillery duly authorized ac-
cording to law ; and no mash, wort, or wash
so made and fermented shall be sold or removed
from any distillery before being distilled; and
no person other than an authorized distiller
shall by distillation, or by any other process,
separate the alcoholic spirits from any fer-
mented mash, wort, or wash; and no person
shall use spirits of alcohol or any vapor of
alcoholic spirits in manufacturing vinegar or
any other article, or in any process of manu-
facture whatever, unless the spirits or alco-
hol so used shall have been produced in an
authorized distillery and the tax thereon paid.
Any person who shall violate any of the pro-
visions of this section shall be fined, for every
offense, not less than five hundred dollars, nor
more than five thousand dollars, and impris-
oned for not less than six months nor more
than twoyears: Provided, That nothing in this
section shall be construed to apply to fermented
liquors.
Sec. 5. Andbe it further enacted, That every
person having in his possession or custody, or
under his control, any still or distilling appa-
ratus set up, shall register the same with the
assistant assessor of the division in which said
still or distilling apparatus shall be, by filing
with him duplicate statements, in writing, sub-
scribed by such person, setting forth the particu-
lar place where such still or distilling appara-
tus is set up, the kind of still and its cubic con-
tents, the owner thereof, his place of residence,
and the purpose for which said still or distilling
appatus has been or is intended to be used; one
of which statements shall be retained and pre-
served by the assistant assessor and the other
transmitted to the assessor of the district. Stills
and distilling apparatus now set up shall be so
registered within sixty days from the time this
act takes effect, and those hereafter set up shall
be so registered immediately upon their being
set up. Any still or distilling apparatus not
so registered, together with all personal prop-
erty in the possession, orcustody, or under the
control of such person and found in the build-
ing, or in auyyard or iuclosureconnected with
the building, in which the same shall be set
up, shall be forfeited. And any person having
in his possession orcustody, or under his con-
trol, any still or distilling apparatus set up
which is not so registered, shall pay a penalty
of five hundred dollars, and on conviction shall
be fined not less than one hundred dollars nor
more than one thousand dollars, and impris-
oned for not less than one month nor more
than two years.
Sec. 0. Andbe it further enacted, That every
person engaged in, or intending to be engaged
in, the business of a distiller or rectifier, shall
give notice in writing, subscribed by him, to
the assessor of the district within which such
business is to be carried on, stating his name
and place of residence, and if a company or
firm, the name and place of residence of each
member thereof, the place where said business
is to be carried on, and whether of distilling
or rectifying. And if such business be carried
on in a city, the residence and place of busi-
ness shall be indicated by the name of the
street and number of the building. Ill ease
of a distiller, the notice shall also state the
kind of stills, and the cubic contents thereof,
the number and kind of boilers, the number
of mash tubs and fermenting-tubs, and the
cubic contents of each tub, the number of
receiving cisterns, and the cubic contents of
each cistern, together with a particular descrip-
tion of the lot, or tract of land, on which the
distillery is situated, with the size and descrip-
tion of the buildings thereon, and of what
material constructed. The notice shall also
state the number of hours in which the dis-
tiller will ferment each tub of mash or beer,
the estimated quantity of distilled spirits which
the apparatus is capable of distilling every
twenty-four hours, and the names and resi-
dence of every person interested or to be
interested in the business, and that said dis-
tillery and the premises connected therewith
are not within six hundred feet of any prem-
ises authorized to be used for rectifying or
refining distilled spirits by any process. In
case of a rectifier, the notice shall state the
precise location of the premises where such
business is to be carried on, the name and
residence of every person interested or to be
interested in the business, by what process the
applicant intends to rectify, purify, or refine
distilled spirits, the kind and cubic contents
of any still used or to be used for such pur-
pose, and the estimated quantity of spirits
which can be rectified, purified, or refined
every twenty-four hours in such establishment,
and that said rectifying establishment is not
within six hundred feet of the premises of any
distillery registered for the distillation of spirits.
In case of any change in the location, form,
capacity, ownership, agency, superintendency,
or in the persons interested in the business of
such distillery or rectifying establishment, o r
in the time of fermenting the mash or beer,
notice thereof, in writing, shall be given to
the said assessor or to the assistant assessor
of the division within twenty-four hours of
said change. And any assistant assessor re-
ceiving such notice shall immediately transmit
the same to the assessor of the district. Every
notice required by this section shall he in such
form and shall contain such additional par-
ticulars as the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue may from time to time prescribe. Any
person failing or refusing to give such notice
shall pay a penalty of one thousand dollars,
and on conviction shall be fined not less than
one hundred dollars nor more than two thou-
sand dollars ; and any person giving a false or ^
fraudulent notice shall, on conviction, in addi-
tion to such penalty or fine, be imprisoned not
less than six months nor more than two years.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That
every distiller shall, on filing his notice of
intention to continue or commence business,
with the assessor before proceeding with such
business, after the passage of this act and on
the first day of May of each succeeding year,
make and execute a bond in form prescribed
bv the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
with at least two sureties, to be approved by
the assessor of the district. The penal sum
of said bond shall not be less than double the
amount of tax on the spirits that can be dis-
tilled in his distillery during a period of fifteen
days ; but in no case shall such bond be for a
less sum than five thovfsand dollars. The con-
dition of the bond shall be that the principal
shall faithfully comply with all the provisions
of law in relation to the duties and business
of distillers, and will pay all penalties incurred
or fines imposed on him for a violation of any
of the said provisions ; that he will not suffer
the lot or tract of land on which the distillery
stands, or any part thereof, or any of the dis-
tilling apparatus, to be encumbered by mort-
gage, judgment, or other lioti during the time
in which he shall carry on said business. The
assessor may refuse to approve said bond
when, in his judgment, the situation of the
distillery is such as would enable the distiller
to defraud the United States ; and in case of
such refusal, the distiller may appeal to the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, whose
decision in the matter shall be final. A new
bond may be required in case of the death,
insolvency, or removal of either of the sureties,
and in any other contingency, at the discretion
of the assessor or Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Any person failing or refusing to
give the bond hereinbefore required, or to
renew the sijme, or giving any false, forged, or
fraudulent bond, shall forfeit the distillery,
