1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
here for a week to have this bill considered.
1 will now yield to the Senator from Illinois;
but I give notice that I shall move to talce up
this biH to-morrow at one o'clock, and shall
antagonize it against any other measure that
mav be before the Senate.
Mr. YATES. Now, I move to take up
Senate bill No. 11.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts withdraws his motion,
and the Senator from Illinois moves that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill
mentioned by him, for the admission of Colo-
rado into the Union.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I had the floor
first in prior order to the Senator from Illinois,
and I shall ask a vote of the Senate on the
questiou of taking up the Colorado bill, a
mutter of no moment, no great pressure, so
that if that motion does not prevail we may
take up a bill which I say to the Senate
ought to be acted on one way or the other and
sent to the other House, in order to give them
time to consider it and act upon it. I hope
the Senate will not now take up the Colorado
bill, which will lead to another political dis-
cussion. It has always been opposed here,
and always opposed with great violence. I
shall vote for the admission of Colorado when-
ever it is presented to us; but I am utterly
opposed to taking it up to-day, unless we can
fiist have action on some other bills that are
more pressing. The Senator from Illinois has
occupied the attention of the Senate on auother
bill from his committee recently, while the
Committee on Finance, which is generally sup-
posed to have matters of public importance,
has not been able to get the floor now for three
months in regard to any vital measure that isbe-
fo re the Senate from thateominittee. Iflrecol-
lect aright, the Committee on Finance has not
occupied the attention of the Senate since the
funding bill was under debate in February or
March last, and there are one or two bills
vitally important, from that committee that
ought to be considered. Under the circum-
stances, I think the Senate ought to refuse to
take up the Colorado bill.
Mr. YATES. If 1 had any idea that this bill
would take much time I would not press it;
but it is a bill for the admission of a State ;
in the nature of a privileged question, at all
events. I am sorry that the Senator refers to
m-y having occupied time. I think, on this
question of the admission of States, he has
occupied ten times as much as I have.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not speak of the
Senator occupying time. I said that his com-
mittee had occupied time with another bill.
Mr. YATES. I thought you alluded to my
speaking to-day,
Mr. SHERMAN. No; I refered to the bill
for the organization of the Territory of Wyo-
ming. I said that the Committee on Territories
had occupied the attention of the Senate, while
the Committee on Finance had not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.^ The ques-
tion is on taking up the bill mentioned by the
Senator from Illinois.
iir, ANTHONY. I hope we shall take up
the bill proposed by the Senater from Ohio.
This bill for the admission of Colorado can-
not be disposed of in less than a week after we
take it up. Everybody knows that we shall
have all these speeches made oyer again upon
it, every one of them ; and I think we had bet-
ter dispose of the business of the country that
is pressing upon us. It is entirely out of the
question that we can pass the Colorado bill in
a day or two.
Mr. YATES. As my friends do not seem
to agree with me in this matter, I will yield the
floor to the Senator from Massachusetts, who
yielded it to me.
Mr. SHERMAN. He has agreed to take up
his bill to-morrow.
Mr. WILSON. I gave the floor to the Sen-
ator from Illinois, giving notice that I should
submit iny motion to-morrow, at all events.
Mr. SiiERMAN. I believe, then, that the
Senator withdraws his motion.
Mr. YATES. If the Senator from Massa-
chusetts desires to take tip bis bill, I will
yield to him ; but otherwise I shall antagonize
my bill with any other that may be proposed.
Mr. WILSON. I move, then, to take up
House bill No. 598.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Illinois withdraw his motion.
Mr. YATES. Yes, sir; and I give notice
that I shall renew it to-morrow.
presidential approval.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. William G.' Moore, his Secre-
tary, announced that the President had this
day approved and signed the following bills:
An act (S. No. 339) granting a pension to
Sarah Webb, widow of William R. Webb, and
her minor children;
An act (S. No. 319) granting a pension to
Bridget W. McGrorty, and the minor children
of William B. McGrorty; and
Au act (S. No. 419) granting a pension to
Mary Atkinson.
of service, may be retained by the Commissioner,
when the same shall be required l'or the proper exe-
cution of the laws, as officers of the bureau, upon
such duty and with the same pay, compensation, and
j ail allowances, from the date of their appointment
as now provided by law for their respective grades
and duties at the dates of their muster-out and dis-
charge; and such officers so retained shall have,
respectively, the same authority and jurisdiction as
now conferred upon "officers of the bureau" by act
of Congress passed on the 16th day of July, in the
year 1866.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That the Commis-
sioner is hereby empowered to sell for cash, or by
installments with ample secuiity, school buildings
and other buildings constructed for refugees and
freedmcn by the bureau, to the associations, corpor-
ate bodies, or trustees who now use them for pur-
poses of education or relief of want, under suitable
guarantees that the purposes for which such build-
ings were constructed shall be observed: Provided.
That all funds derived therefrom shall be returned
to the bureau appropriation and accounted for to the
Treasury of the United States.
message from the douse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. li. No.
601) making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending June 30, 1869.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 366) to
incorporate the National Hotel Company of
Washington city, in which it requested tlie
concurrence of the Senate.
freedmen's bureau.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up House
bill No. 598.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 598) to con-
tinue the Bureaufor the relief of Freedmen and
Refugees, and for other purposes.
Mr. WILSON. The bill has heretofore been
read through and amended.
The hill was reported to the Senate, as amend-
ed, and the amendment made us in Commit-
tee of the Whole, was concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask for the reading
of the bill. 1 have not a copy of it before me,
and I should like to hear it read as it stands
amended.
The Chief Cleek read the bill, as amended,
as follows;
Be it enacted, &c„ That the act entitled "An act to
establish a Bureau tor the relief of I'reedmen and
Refugees," approved March 3,1865, and the act enti-
tled "An act to continue in force and to amend 'An
act to establish a Bureau for the relief of Freedmen
and Refugees, and for other purposes,'" passed on the
16th of July, A. D., 1866, shall continue- in force tor
the term ot one year lrom and after the 16th of July,
in the year 1868, excepting so far as the same shall
be herein modified. And the Secretary of War is
hereby directed to reestablish said bureau where the
same has been wholly or in part discontinued: Pro-
vided, He shall be satisfied that the personal safety
of freedmen shall require it.
Sec. 2. And be it juither enacted, Xhat it shall be
the duty of the Secretary of War to discontinue the
operations of the bureau in any State whenever such
State shall be fully restored in its constitutional rela-
tions with the Government of the United States, and
shall be duly represented in the Congress of the United
Stated, unless upon advising with the Commissioner
ot the bureau, and upon full consideration ot the con-
dition of freedmen's affairs in such State, the Secre-
tary of War shall be of opinion that the further con-
tinuance of the bureau shall be necessary: Provided,
however, Thattheeducationaldivisionof said bureau
shall not bo affected, or in any way interfered witn,
until such Stato shall have made suitable provision
for the education of the children ot freedmon withm
SaSK0.^3. And be it further enacted. That unexpended
balances in the hands of the Commissioner, not re-
quired otherwiso tor the due execution of the law,
may be in the discretion of the Commissioner, applied
lor tho education ot freedmen and refugees, subject
to the provisions ot law applicable thereto,
Skc. 4. And be it further enacted* luatoiheers ot the
Veteran Reserve corps or of the volunteer service,
now on duty in the i'reedmen s Bureau as assistant
commissioners, agents, medical otiicers, or m otlicr
capacities, why have been or may be mustered out 1
Mr. HENDRICKS. _Mr._ President, I do
not intend to discuss this bill at any length.
I have heretofore felt it to be my duty to say
to the Senate what I thought it proper to sub-
mit against the system established by this
legislation. The offensive features of that sys-
tem, its inroads upon our theory of govern-
ment, its disregard of constitutional provis-
ions, its burdens upon a heavily-taxed people,
I have heretofore considered in the presence
of the Senate, and I do not now feel myself
required to repeat the arguments which 1 then
made against the system.
It is, however, proposed to continue this
bureau for another year. I think the contin-
uance of this system for another year will be
a disappointment to the people. It was under-
stood that shortly after the close of the war,
« j/these fieedmen having been made free, the
special charge and support of them should be
taken from the General Government and from
the tax-payers of the. nation, and that they
would be expected to provide for themselves.
The time came around when the original bill
establishing the bureau expired and it would
have ceased to exist. Then a special law was
passed for its continuance for two years. The
people to some extent acquiesced in that con-
tinuance, hoping, expecting that the bureau
would cease to be a burden to them at the time
mentioned in the law.
But now, three years after the close of the
war, three years after it is claimed that these
people became free, it is proposed to continue
this bureau for yet another year. For one year
these colored people have been regarded by-
Congress as competent to take charge of the
governments of ten States, and, by the policy
of Congress, competent, as a balance in the
political power of the country, to decide the
next presidential election ; competent, by the
disfranchisement of a large body of the white
people, to take the exclusive control of ten
States; competent to frame constitutions of
government for those States; competent tc
enact the laws which shall govern the interests
of the people of those States in every respect;
and yet, after Congress has made that declara-
tion, it is proposed for still another year to
continue over them this system of guardianship
and special government, which rests for its
support upon the proposition that they are not
capable of providing for and taking care of
themselves. A race that has been made free
and elevated to political power, elevated to
political control in ten States; a race upon
which has been conferred the exclusive power
of governing ten States by the disfranchisement
of a portion of the white people; a race that
it is claimed is competent to decide the next
presidential election by holding the balance of
political power, is still to be specially provided
for by a system of special protection, of special
guardianship, and of special support; and this
as a burden upon a Treasury already burdened;
this as a burden upon the tax-payers of tne
country who now groan under the loads they
have to carry!
My attention was called a day or two since
to the character of the convention in South
Carolina that has formed a constitution for that
State, the charactef of its colored membership,
