1868.;
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL (&OBE.
Laws of the United States.
40th Cong....2d
distilling apparatus, and all real estate and
premises connected therewith, arid on convic-
tion shall be fined not less than five hundred
dollars, nor more than five thousand dollars,
and imprisoned not less than six months, nor
more than two years.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That no
bond of a distiller shall be approved unless he
is the owner in fee, unencumbered by any
mortgage, judgment, or other lien, of the lot
or tract of land on which the distillery is situ-
ated, or unless he files with the assessor, in
connection with his notice, the written consent
of the owner of the fee, and of any mortgagee,
judgment creditor, or other person having a
lien thereon, duly acknowledged, that the
premises may be used for the purpose of dis-
tilling spirits, subject to the provisions of law,
and expressly stipulating that the lien of the
United States for taxes and penalties shall
have priority of such mortgage, judgment, or
other encumbrance, and that in case of the
forfeiture of the distillery premises, or any part
thereof, the title of the game shall vest in the
United States discharged from any such mort-
gage, judgment, or other encumbrance. In
any case where the owner of a distillery or dis-
tilling apparatus, erected prior to the passage
of this act, has an estate for a term of years
only in the lot or tract of land on which the
distillery is situated, the lease, or other evi-
dence of title to which shall have been duly
recorded prior to the passage of this act, the
value of such lot or tract of land, together
with the building and distilling apparatus,
shall be appraised in the manner to be pre-
scribed by the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue ; and the assessor is hereby authorized to
accept, in lieu of the said written consent of
the owner of the fee, the bond of said distiller
with not less than two sureties, who shall be
residents of the collection district or county,
or an adjoining county in the same State, in
which the distillery is situated, and shall be
the owners of unencumbered real estate in
said district or county, or adjoining county,
equal to such appraised value. The penal
sum of said bond shall be equal to the ap-
praised value of said lot or tract of land, to-
gether with the buildings and distilling appa-
ratus, and such bonds shall be conditioned that
in case the distillery, distilling apparatus, or
any part thereof, shall, by final judgment, be
forfeited for the violation of any of the pro-
visions of law, the obligors will pay the amount
stated in said bond. Said bond shall be in
such form as the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue shall prescribe.
Sec. 9. Andbeii further enacted, That every
distiller and person intending to engage in the
business of a distiller shall, previous to the
approval of his bond, cause to be made, under
the direction of the assessor of the district, an
accurate plan and description, in triplicate,
of the distillery and distilling apparatus, dis-
tinctly showing the location of every still,
boiler, doubler, worm-tub, and receiving cis-
tern, the course and construction of all fixed
pipes used or to be used in the distillery, and
of every branch thereof, and of every cock, or
joint thereof, and of every valve therein, to-
gether with every place, vessel, tub, or uten-
sil from and to which any such pipe shall lead,
or with which it communicates. Such plan
and description shall also show the number
and location and cubic contents of every still,
mash-tub, and fermenting-tub, together with
the cubic contents of every receiving cistern,
and tbe color of each fixed pipe, as required
in this act. One copy of said plan and de-
scription shall be kept displayed in some con-
spicuous place in the distillery; two copies
shall be furnished to the assessor of the dis-
trict, one of which shall be kept by him and
the other transmitted to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. _ The accuracy of every such
plan and description shall be verified^ by the
assessor, the draughtsman, and the distiller;
40th Cong. 2v> Sess.—No. 34.
and no alteration shall be made in such dis-
tillery without the consent, in writing, of the
assessor, which alteration shall be shown on
the original or by a supplemental plan and
description, and a reference thereto noted on
the original, as the assessor may direct; and
any supplemental plan and description shall
be executed and preserved in the same man-
ner as the original.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That
immediately after the passage of this act every
assessor shall proceed, at the expense of the
United States, with the aid of some competent
and skillful person, to be designated by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, to make
survey of each distillery registered or intended
to be registered for the production of spirits in
his district, to estimate and determine its true
producing capacity, and in like manner shall
estimate and determine the capacity of any
such distillery as may hereafter be so registered
in said district, a written report of which shall
be made in triplicate, signed by the assessor
and the person aiding in making the same, one
copy of which shall be furnished to the distiller,
one retained by the assessor, and the other
immediately transmitted to the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. If the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue shall at any time be satisfied
that such report of the capacity of a distillery
is in any respect incorrect or needs revision,
he shall direct the assessor^ to make in like
manner another survey of said distillery; the
report of said survey shall be executed in trip-
licate and deposited as hereinbefore provided.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That
after the passage of this act it shall not be law-
ful for any assessor to assess a special tax upon
any distiller, or for the collector to collect the
same, or for any distiller who has heretofore
paid a special tax as such to continue the busi-
ness of distilling until such distiller shall have
given the bond required by this act, and shall
have complied with the provisions of law hav-
ing reference to the registration and survey of
distilleries, and having reference to the arrange-
ment and construction of distilleries, and the
premises connected therewith, in manner and
as required by this act; nor shall it be lawful
for any assessor of internal revenue to assess,
or for any collector to collect, any special tax
for distilling on any premises distant less than
six hundred feet from any premises used for
rectifying, nor shall any assessor assess or col-
lector collect any special tax for rectifying dis-
tilled spirits on any premises distant less than
six hundred feet from any distillery when the
distillery and rectifying establishments are
occupied and used by different persons; nor
shall the processes of distillation and rectifica-
tion both be carried on within the distance of
six hundred feet. In all cases where a distill-
ery and rectifying establishment, distant the
one from the other less than six hundred feet,
are occupied and used by the same person,
said person shall have the right to elect which
business shall be discontinued at that place.
In all cases where rectifying or distilling shall
be discontinued under the provisions of this
section, and the time for which the special tax
for rectifying or distilling was paid remains
unexpired, the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized to refund out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, on
requisition of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, a proportionate part of any sum
originally paid for special tax therefor, which
shall be m such ratio to the whole sum paid as
the unexpired time for which special tax_ was
paid shall bear to the whole term for which the
same was paid. Any collector or assessor ot
internal revenue who shall fail to perform any
duty imposed by this section, or shall assess or
collect any special tax in "violation of lts^pro-
visions, shall be liable to a penalty ot five
thousand dollars for each offense.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, 1 hat no
person shall use any still, boiler, or other
vessel for the purpose ofdistilling in any dwell-
ing-house, nor in any shed, yard, or Enclosure
connected with any dwelling-house, nor oil
board of any vessel or boat, nor in any build-
ing or on any premises where beer,.lager beer,
ale, porter, or other fermented liquors, vine-
gar or ether are manufactured or produced,
or where sugars or sirups are refined, or where
liquors of any description are retailed, or where
any other business is carried on, nor within
six hundred feet from any premises authorized
to be used for rectifying; and every person
who shall use any still, boiler, or other vessel
for the purpose of distilling, as aforesaid, .in
any building or other premises where the
above-specified articles are manufactured, pro-
duced. refined, or retailed, or other business is
carried on, or on board of any vessel or boat,
or in any dwelling-house, or other place as
aforesaid, orshall aid or assist therein, or who
shall cause or procure the same to be done,
shall, on conviction, be fined one thousand
dollars and imprisoned for not less than six
months nor -more than two years, in the dis-
cretion of the court: Provided, That saleratus
may be manufactured, or meal or flour ground
from grain in any building or on any premises
where spirits aredistilled: but such meafor flour
only to be used for distillation on the premises.
Sec. 13. Andbe itfurther enacted, Thatthere
shall be assessed and collected monthly, from
every authorized distiller whose distillery has
an aggregate capacity for mashing and fer-
menting twenty bushels of grain or less, or
sixty gallons of molasses or less, in twenty-
four hours, a tax of two dollars per day, Sun-
days excepted; and a tax of two dollars per
day for every twenty bushels of grain or sixty
gallons of molasses of said capacity in excess
of twenty bushels of grain or sixty gallons of
molasses in twenty-four hours. But any dis-
tiller who shall suspend work, as provided by
this act, shall pay only two dollars per day
during the time the work shall be so suspended
in his distillery.
Sec. 14. And beit further enacted, That any
person who shall manufacture any still, boiler,
or other vessel, to be used for the purpose of
distilling, shall, before the same is removed
from the place of manufacture, notify in writ-
ing the assessor of the district in which such
still, boiler, or other vessel is to be used or set
up, by whom it is to be used, its capacity, and
the time when the same is to be removed from
the place of manufacture; and no such still,
boiler, or other vessel shall be set up without
the permit, in writing of the said assessor for
that purpose; and any person who shall set up
any such still, boiler, or other vessel, without
first obtaining a permit from the said assessor
of the district in which such still, boiler, or
other vessel is intended to be used, or who
shall fail to give such notice, shall pay in either
case the sum of five hundred dollars, and shall
forfeit the distilling apparatus thus removed
or set up in violation of law.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, lhat
every distiller shall provide, at his own ex-
pense, a warehouse, to be situated on and to
constitute a part of bis distillery premises, to
be used only for the storage of distilled spirits
of his own manufacture; but no dwelling-house
shall be used for such purpose, and no door,
•window, or other opening shall be made or
permitted in the walls of such warehouse lead-
ing into the distillery or into any other room
or^building; and such warehouse, when ap-
proved by the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, on report of the collector, is hereby
declared to be a bonded warehouse ot the
United States, to be known as a distillery
warehouse, and shall be under the direction
and control of the collector of the district,
and in charge of an internal revenue store-
keeper assigned thereto by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue; and the tax on the spirits
stored in such warehouse shall be paid before
removal from such warehouse.
