1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2029
Mr. GARFIELD. This relates to naval
powder magazines. I therefore move that it
be referred to the Committee oil Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
THOMAS CROSSLEY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 426) for the relief of Thomas
Crossley; which was read a first and second
time, and, on motion of Mr. Jenckes, referred
to the Committee on Patents. *
HEIRS OF ASBURY DICKINS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 408) for the benefit of the
heirs of Asbury Dickens, deceased; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
D. B. ALLEN & CO.
The next business on the Speaker's tabte
was a bill (S. No. 150) to provide for the pay-*
ment of D. B. Allen & Co. for services in car-
rying the United States mails; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
LAND-GRANT MILITARY ROAD.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 331) to extend the time for
completing the military road authorized by an
act entitled "An act granting lands to the
States of Michigan and Wisconsin to aid in
the construction of a military road from Port
Wilkins, Copper harbor, Keweenaw county,
in the State of Michigan, to Fort Howard,
Green bay, in the State of Wisconsin which
was read a first and second time, and, on mo-
tion of Mr. Julian, referred to the Committee
on Public Ljtnds.
IIEIRS OF MAJOR A. L. BREWER.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. E. No. 122) for the
relief of the heirs of Major A. L. Brewer, late
a paymaster in the United States Army ; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire that this joint
resolution shall be acted on now. I am pre-
pared to present documents which will fully
explain it.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
poses to authorize and require the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to enter a
credit of $3,636 on the account of Major A.
L. Brewer, paymaster in the Army, who, with
his clerk, Robert F. Brewer, was destroyed by
the explosion of the steamer J. R. Carter, on
the Mississippi river, and which sum stands
charged against Major Brewer as a balance
against him on his account in the Treasury
Department.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I will sub-
mit a brief explanation of this matter, and then
ask the reading of a letter from the Secretary
of War in reference to the subject.
Major Brewer was for two years a member
of the Senate of the State of Ohio, and was
very well known to me, I being at the same
time a member of that body. I am famil-
iar with his whole career. Soon after the
war broke out he became a paymaster, and
served in that capacity with very great credit,
disbursing more than two million dollars, and
keeping his accounts in the most admirable
condition. Early in the year 1866. having then
paidoutall the money in his hands, uot'having
a dollar of Government money in his posses-
sion, but having with him most of his books
and papers, he was on his way down the Mis-
sissippi with his son, then acting as his clerk,
when the steamer was blown up, and he and
his son perished. His accounts, however,
were in perfect order; he had made full re-
turns of all moneys and vouchers in his hands.
Very fortunately for the Government there
was not a dollar in his hands at the time of
the destruction of the steamer.
But when his accounts weie subsequently
examined in the auditing office in the Treasury,
it appeared that there had been some over-
payments and some mistakes in disbursements
—things of common occurrence with every pay-
master. Doubtless, if Major Brewer's papers
had been accessible, these overpayments, &c.,
would all have been satisfactorily explained.
But the total amount was only a little over
§3,000, though during his career as paymaster
Major Brewer had made disbursements to the
amount of more than $2,000,000. All the
records of our paymasters' work can furnish, I
think, no instance of more faithful service t.han
is exhibited in the fact that the disallowances
of all kinds in the accounts of this man who
disbursed so large an amount of money did
not exceed $3,636.
I now ask the Clerk to read the letter of the
Secretary of War which I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
War Department,
Washington City, February 10,1868.
Sir: Ihave the honor, in reply to your call of the
31st ultimo, to forward a letter from the Paymaster
General in regard to the late Major Brewer, together
with a draught of a joint resolution proposed to be
submitted to Congress in relation to the seti tement
of Major Brewer's accounts. The joint resolution
has my cordial approval, and 1 believe it to be in
accordance with justieedue to a faithful officer who,
with his son, perished while in the public service.
Major Brcwerwaspersonally and intimately known
by me for many years. Ilis personal integrity was
unblemished, and he was a careful and faithful dis-
bursing officer during the war, intrusted with large
sums of money which he properly accounted for.
The balance standing against him is not large under
the circumstances in which his disbursements were
made, and arise not from any failure to account, but
from alleged errors in overpay men ts which, but for
his sudden death and the death of his clerk at the
same time, I have no doubt he would have been able
satisfactorily to explain or recover bac-k.
The joint resolution therefore commends itself
strongly to the favor of Congress and is a just meas-
ure of relief.
Ihave the honor to he. yours truly,
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
General Garfield, Chairman of Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, House of Representatives.
Mr. GARFIELD. I now ask the Clerk to
read the letter of the Paymaster General.
The Clerk read as follows:
War Department,
Paymaster General's Office,
Washington, February 5,1868.
Sir: I liave the honor to report in the case of ad-
ditional Paymaster A. L. Brewer, who lost his life in
the steamer J. II. Garter, near Vieksburg, Missis-
sippi, February 2,1866, that he had been previously
on duty in Louisville, Kentucky, and before being
relieved at that station, November 30, 1865, he bad
turned over to the proper officers the public funds
remaining in his hands and closed his official ac-
counts, showing no balance.
At the time ot his death he was proceeding to duty
in New Orleans, under orders, and had no public
funds in his custody._ Howasnevercharged with any
money after the rendition of his accounts at the close
of the preceding November.
The amount standing against Major Brewer on the
books of the Treasury arises from disallowances of
the accounting officers for errors and overpayments.
Many of these were discovered in the pielhninary
examinations in this office and noted m the letters
of transmittal to the Second Auditor.
If Major Brewer had Jived till notified of the sus-
pensions against him it is highly probable he could
have explained or cured very many, if not all, of
them.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
B. W. iiitlUE, lJayma?ter General.
P. S.—I deem it proper to add that Major Brewer,
from the time he entered upon his duties as pay-
master, February 19, 1863, disbursed large sums of
money, amounting, as shown by the books of this
office, to a total of ^1,743,650 76. He was, as I have
heen advised, a gentleman of high moral character,
good qualifications, and most correct piivate hal its.
The errors in his accounts are those almost insepar-
able from theduty of hurried disbursements to troops
in the active field. The death of his clerk, occurring
at the same time and by the same casualty, lett no
one competent to explainaml remedy tbe inegu-
larities charged aganistMajor Brewer's accounts. I
am fully satisfied tba.t all his disbursements, asset
forth m his own accounts, rendered and balanced by
himself, were made in good faith as charged by him.
B. \V. BRICK, Paymaster General.
Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War.
Mr. WARD. Has this matter ever been
before any committee of this House?
Mr. GARFIELD. It was before the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. It was, however,
first taken up and passed in the Senate, and
has now been sent to us.
Mr. WARD. Has that committee passed
upon it?
Mr. GARFIELD. They were cognizant of
the whole thing, and they have no objection to
it. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to a third reading, and it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joiut resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TENNESSEE UNITED STATES COURTS.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 377, to change the times
of holding the district and circuit courts of the
United States in the several districts in the
State of Tennessee; which was read a first
and second time.
On motion of Mr. MAYNARD,the bill was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
CONVEYANCES Of VESSELS.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 373 to amend an act en-
titled " An act to provide for recording of con-
veyances of vessels and for other purposes,"
approved July 29, 18o0; which was read a first
and second time.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illi-
nois, the bill was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
GEOKGE W. DOTY.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 12B, for the
relief of George W. Doty, a commander in the
United States Navy on the retired list; which
was read a first and second time.
On motion of Mr. PIKE, the joint resolution
was referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
PACIFIC RAILROAD FREIGHT TARIFF, ETC.
The SPEAKER stated the next business
was a joint resolution (H. R. No. 168) to reg-
ulate tariff for freight and passengers on the
Union and Central Pacific railroads and their
branches ; which, on the 16th instant, went over,
the House having refused to second the call for
the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Let the
joint resolution be now taken up.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
on its engrossment and third reading.
Mr. PRICE. I ask the gentleman from
Wisconsin whether this resolution has ever
been printed or been before any committee?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will
answer the chairman of the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, that at the November ses-
sion 1 introduced a bill embodying the same
features.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read.
The Clerk read the joint resolution. It
proposes to constitute the Secretary of War,
the Secretary of the Interior, and the Attorney
General of the United States a board of com-
missioners, whose duty it shall be on the 1st
day of July in each year to establish a tariff
for freight and passengers over the Union
Pacific and Central Pacific railroads and their
branches, which tariff shall be equitable and
just and not exceeding double the average
rates charged on the different lines of railroad
between the Mississippi river and the Atlantic
ocean in latitudes north of St. Louis, Missouri,
and that it shall not be lawful for said railroad
companies to charge any sum in excess of the
rates so fixed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, addressed
the House. [See Appendix.]
Mr. PRICE obtained the floor.
Mr. KOONTZ. I hope the gentlemai will
yield to me for a motion to adjourn.
Mr. PRICE. If I yield the floor for that
purpose when will this subject come up again ?
The SPEAKER. It is impossible to tell;
but when it does come up the gentleman from .
Iowa will have the floor. If there is no other
business claiming the attention of the House
this will coirie up after the morning hour on
Monday. At that time, however, the Chair
