3054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
the power in the convention if I may so express
it. There, without any considerable responsi-
bility for the finances of that State, contribut-
ing comparatively nothing, they declare in a
convention what shall be the burdens upon the
white race ; they fix the form of government
for the white people; they decide what shall
be the laws for the white people; and you
recognize it. You declare-that by a bill passed
yesterday, to be the form of government for
the people of South Carolina. But yesterday
you indorsed the system of government that
the colored people of the South have estab-
lished for those States. You say that the wis-
dom of the negro race has been quite sufficient,
inasmuch as that race controlled the election
of delegates to the conventions to decide the
political fortunes of one third of this country ;
and to-day you propose to declare these same
people not competent and not capable of taking
care of themselves; and to say that the Treas-
ury of this country must maintain in all the
States of the South for still another year offi-
cers in the States, in the counties, and perhaps
in the parishes and townships, unknown to the
Constitution, unknown to the former legisla-
tion of the country, as special guardians of
these people.
It need riot be repeated, because the people
have ceased to believe it, that the white men
are oppressing these colored persons. It has
been repeated ad nauseam in the Senate and
in the House that murders are of daily occur-
rence ; that outrages upon the negroes are
being constantly perpetrated ; but the people
have ceased to believe this. They know it is
not true. They know that in the southern
States now, States that are governed to-day by
the iron power of military force, there is less
of violence and disturbance than in some of
the northern States, particularly upon this
race; so that that argument ceases to have
weight with the people. At last the people of
the North have come to understand much of
the facts on this subject. The people of the
North know that you have placed the white
race under the negro race; that the white race
is to-day the dependent and subordinate race
at the South ; and you can no longer use the
ingtiment to the people of the North, lor they
will not believe it, inasmuch as it is not true,
and they have come to look upon things as
they are—they will not believe that this system
is longer necessary for the protection of the
colored race. Rather they will believe that
some protection is necessary for the white
raec. It was but last week, I believe, that I
read to the Senate an extract from one of the
Republican papers published in this city, to
the effect that live white men in one particular
neighborhood adjoining the city of Selma,
Alabama, had been murdered, and not one
arrest has been made. No notice had been
taken of that outrage, nor was it spoken of.
Why. sir, 1 called the attention of the Senate
to a decision of a court-martial in Alabama,
by which five or seven white men were banished
—banished from the country to a horrible
island. These are the outrages that are now
attracting the attention of the people at the
North.
But, sir, I do not intend to discuss that sub-
ject. I merely intended to call the attention
of the Senate to the fact that yesterday we
passed a bill which rests for its support upon
the proposition that the colored race of the
South are competent to take charge of the
affairs ol this Government; that they are com-
petent, not only to govern the States of the
South, but to control, as a balance, in the
political power of the country, the selection
of President and Vice President of the United
States; and to-day you propose to put them
under a special guardianship ; and this at the
expense and cost of a heavily taxed people.
My own judgment is that it is the interest of
both races that each shall look to their own
industry and enterprise for their prosperity.
If you make the colored people dependentupon
the Treasury of the nation, they will never
depend upon that effort and enterprise and
industry which are indispensable to the eleva-
tion of any people. I believe this system is
hurtful to the negro, while I know it is oppress-
ive and cruel to the white man. This bureau
is to be continued for another year. Of course
it will be disavowed, but I think myself that a
special work is to be performed by this bureau.
It is expected that the bill which passed the
Senate yesterday will soon become a law, and
that the citizens of the southern States will
bo restored to representation in Congress, and
under it to their vote in November. Then
there will be no pretext, as you say, for the
continuance of the military force; thenyon can-
not by the appointment of generals, control
the election-boards ; then by the military you
cannot control the elections in the South; and
you fear to leave it as a contest between the
intelligence and moral force of the white race
and the colored race in the elections ; and so
this bureau is to be continued. In every county
and neighborhood, if possible, there is to be a
paid agent, who, for_ the rest of this season
and until after the November elections, is to
be the special partisan of a political party to
see to the elections, organize the forces, and
as far as possible control the elections.
My opinion, Mr. Pi-esident, is that it will be
the judgment of the men of the North, who
are now thinking very coolly and deliberately
upon these matters, that this bureau is to be
continued, not for the purpose of taking care
of a race that your law has placed in suprem-
acy and in power over'the white race, but
for the purpose of managing, manipulating, and
controlling the elections that are to take place
in these States of the South. That is my
judgment as to the purpose of the continuance
^fthis bureau. The soldiery being withdrawn,
there will not be paid agents to represent a
political party in the South any longer unless
this bureau be continued. Continue that, and
you have your active, paid, energetic agents to
represent the interests of a political party in
the South ; the men who are to continue the
loyal leagues, to keep the negroes in organiza-
tion as against the white race.
Mr. President, if the negro is to have the
right of voting in the southern States, it is the
true policy that this strife of race shall be dis-
couraged. Instead of pursuing that policy,
you propose to continue a bureau there to take
special charge of the colored people, to take
charge of them in making provision for them,
in supporting them, iu seeing to their personal
conduct, iu controlling their contracts, in con-
trolling the execution and enforcement of their
contracts, and also in organizing thein through
the loyal leagues into a political party in your
support. This bureau must be continued for
that, although it shall cost the people of the
North millions of dollars. If they be indus-
trious, why is it that throe years after the war
has closed a special provision must be made
for them ?
Mr. President, I have referred to the points
to which I felt it to be my duty to allude.
This bill, of course, will pass. I do not make
any argument against it in the hope that it will
be defeated. The time will come, in xny judg-
ment, when the people of the North will dis-
continue such things, and return, andthat before
very long, to the old-fashioned system of gov-
ernment in this country, of equal, just, fair
laws for all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I did not
understand precisely what my friend from Indi-
ana meant in what he said about the negroes
voting, whether he is in favor of suffrage being
extended to the blacks in the southern States
or opposed to it. I should like a little explan-
ation on that point.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Ver-
mont had no occasion to understand rae in any
respcct on that subject, for I was not discussing
that.
^Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend is mistaken,
lie referred to the question, and said if the
negroes were to be permitted to vote, then it
ought to he so and so ; and I did not appre-
hend whether he was in favor of the propo-
sition that they should be permitted to vote
or against it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I referred to the fact
ratheremphatically thatyou have disfranchised
a very large body of the white people of the
South, and by the bill which you passed yes-
terday, and which it is supposed will become
a law, you expect to count the votes of the
colored people at the next presidential election.
This is a balance of political power that may
control the next election ; and I undertook to
show that it was important for party ends that
there should be a paid body organized through-
out these States to control that vote, to make
it sure.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am still so obtuse as to
be unable to ascertain yet whether my friend
is in favor of negro suffrage iu the South or
opposed to it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose the Senator
is in no difficulty to understand exactly what I
was saying.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No ; no difficulty in un-
derstanding what you were saying, but a great
deal of difficulty iu understanding what you
mean on the question whether negroes ought
to be permitted to vote or ought not.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There is no difficulty
in understanding what I mean if the Senator
understands what I say.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand what the
Senator says, and that is, he thinks the rebels
ought to be permitted to vote. He finds fault
with our disfranchising men who added to the
guilt of rebellion, perjury in violating their
oaths to support the Constitution of the United
States; but I fail yet to have him explain to
me whether this other class of persons whom
he i3 so desirous of being let alone ought to be
intrusted with that franchise with the rebels
or without them. Upon that point he seems a
little shady.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, in the
State of Indiana, as a citizen, 1 expect to
oppose the enfranchisement of the negro. In
the State of Indiana we claim the right to con-
trol it; and as Ohio has decided, as Kansas
has_ decided, as other States have decided,
Indiana, in my judgment, will stand by that
position. In the southern States, in my opiu-
lon, it should be left to the political commu-
nity, as organized iu those States, to decide
the question of suffrage. In my judgment, it
is not a question for congressional debate ; it
is a question for decision in each State, who
shall vote and who shall not vote. I was not
discussing my own preferences. I was dis-
cussing the conduct of the party of which the
Senator from Vermont is a distinguished mem-
ber, in excluding from the ballot-box a large
body of white people, enough so as that when
yon enfranchise the negroes of the South, you
give them the political power of those States,
and then ilbecomes necessary to havean organ-
ized band of men to control their votes through
the loyal leagues and otherwise; and I ex-
pressed the opinion that that is the real pur-
pose of this legislation. Does the Senator
agree with me upon that point?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am still in confusion,
Mr. President. My friend says that he wishes
to leave it to these political communities in the
South to decide whether the negroes shall vote
or not. I wish him to tell me what he means
by the political community in the South. Does
he mean the men who were engaged in the
rebellion? Are they to decide whether their
emancipated slaves shall be permitted to vote
or not, or does he mean the community to whom
the laws of Congress have intrusted the privi-
lege of exercising political power; that is to
say, all white men who have not committed
perjury against the Government aud all black
men who are citizens, being over twenty-one
ysars of age? Will he explain that to me?
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator need not
ask for my opinion on that subject, for I think
every vote I have ever given has illustrated that
opinion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Well, what is it?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not believe that
