646
THS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
Again I say, is to put it into the hands of those
who are able anil willing, and every constitu-
tional convention will be willing. Give these
governments into the hands of loyal men, and
then enact that the military shall sustain these
loyal governments. When once these govern-
ments are in power as the civil governments of
these States as well de facto as de jure, then
men like General Hancock are already pledged
to sustain the State governments which are act-
ing under the civil law. Not only that, sir,
but when you have set up these governments
you have brought to bear on your side, on the
side of loyalty and right, all that great power,
the power of organization. No gentleman in
this House is ignorant of the great strength of
that power in carrying any cause. Why, sir,
had the organized governments simply of the
loyal States been against us when the rebellion
began we never should have succeeded, al-
though the people were loyal to the heart's
core. Why did the rebellion come so near suc-
cess ? Because they had all the State organi-
sations on their side, although hardly a ma-
jority of the people were with them. Why
were we able to overcome the rebellion? Be-
cause we had the organization of State gov-
ernments with us, and we had every part of
the State organizations down to the very finest
and smallest ramification of government. This
was the great engine of power which sustained
this country in the great struggle for its life.
That power we have thrust aside for ten months
and given over to our enemies in this work of
reconstruction, and now your committee refuse
to allow us even to consider an amendment
which proposes to put into the hands of our
friends for the reconstruction of these States
that great power. Why, sir, in an ordinary elec-
tion in any State what do you count an entire
organization of all the branches of State and
municipal governments against you? You
count it half at least.
Let us see another advantage which would
accrue to the country if the governments are
inaugurated under this amendment: I propose
to leave these States under these loyal govern-
ments thus set on foot until they come into
the Union again; or, in the language of the
amendment, "'until their Representatives are
admitted on this floor." Now, then, if any
change takes place in the politics of the coi n-
try, any change of party; if, as the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Brooks] threatened
the other day, he and his associates come into
power, what do they find? They find, at any
rate, loyal State governments de facto and de
jure in the South, which they will be obliged
to sustain. At any rate, they cannot disturb
these governments until they get a majority of
this House, a majority of the Senate, and the
President, whom they hope to elect, all to
agree to repeal the laws under which these
State governments are established. These gov-
ernments of ours will stand there as monu-
ments of loyalty and of right, and not only as
monuments but as muniments of loyalty and
right for years, until the Senate itself succumbs
to what they call reaction. Long before that,
even if the gentleman should for a time suc-
ceed, there will be an uprising of the true peo-
ple of the land that once again will sweep the
rebellion out of power. Therefore, it is for the
very safety of the Union that we take the earli-
est possible and most direct means by which
we may get in every school district, when they
are districted, in every county, in every town,
in every department of the State government,
loyal and true men selected by the loyal and
true men who are a majority in every conven-
tion in every State in the South.
But I am told, '• Oh, it will not do; (and that
argument, I learn, was used in the committee,)
it will not do to put the selection of these State
officers into the hands of our convention friends,
lest they should select somebody that is black
in the face for a State officer." I have no ob-
jection to their selecting anybody that is black
in the face if he is white in the heart. There
is where 1 would look to guide the selection.
Let them get a loyal black man and I will prefer
him to a disloyal white man ; and any party that
does not make that preference will and ought
to go down, and no man found base enough to
write its epitaph. Why should we be afraid to
have our friends select our friends for office?
Let me tell gentlemen if they go into that South
they will be very glad to see smiling black faces
around them with loyal, true hearts, instead of
surly, grinning, scowling white men, who are
only restrained by the knowledge that there are
Union bayonets there from letting their hate
break out into open action.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. BUTLE11. Certainly.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Massachusetts that he has but
three minutes of his time remaining.
Mr. PAINE. I will not detain him one
minute. The gentleman informed the House
that the argument that these conventions might
select colored officers was used in the commit-
tee. I have this to say to the House, that I
was present at every meeting of the committee
at which this bill was considered, I believe,
and I, for one, never heard that argument
used.
Mr. BUTLER. Then I am sorry to say the
matter has been misreported to me. I have
no doubt that my friend from Wisconsin is
exactly correct. I can only say that I was
misinformed. In my endeavors to find out
what the trouble was, why my amendment was
not acceptable to the committee, I was told
that we must yield somewhat to the " preju-
dices of the people of the North." Well, I
understand what that means. Nobody doubts
on that subject and nobody can doubt.
I am sorry that I have not longer to elaborate
these suggestions, even to the trouble of the
House. Perhaps the House will be equally
glad that the rule cuts me off. But I ask the
House before we pass this bill to see to it that
it is perfected. Cut off all there is of objection
to it as a military bill solely by putting these
State governments upon the people through
their conventions, by putting the people to
make States for us, and allowing the military
to confirm the action of the people, and then
see to it that the military sustain the govern-
ments so created. Otherwise you leave your-
selves open to the suggestion that you have
made military governments, when, inffact, it will
be in the future as it has been in the past, that
there are no military governments in these
States; that the military only sustain rebel
governments in the States which, although you
declared them void and of no effect months ago,
still are in full action, collecting taxes, oppress-
ing our friends, obstructing our laws, with no
man to gainsay or hinder them.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, it is my
purpose in the remarks that I make to confine
myself to the discussion of the bill that is
before the House. Having discharged my duty
in this behalf, it will remain with the members
of the House to discharge theirs.
As the organ of the House, Mr. Speaker,
the Reconstruction Committee have, after due
deliberation, deemed it their duty to submit the
bill in manner and form as it stands presented.
I shall speak but few words in addition to
those which I uttered in the opening of this
discussion in support of the authority with
which the people have clothed their represent-
atives in Congress to enact this legislation.
Sir, I listened with due attention to the con-
cededly able gentlemen who deemed it their
duty to oppose this bill. I regret to say that
denunciation with them assumed the place of
argument, and in the storm of their denuncia-
tion the voice of reason itself was silenced.
Those gentlemen, sir, whether conscious of it
or not—I say it with all respect—in the heatand
excitement of this controversy gave to party
what was meant for mankind, and, forgetting for
the moment the interests of our common coun-
try, enacted precisely the role which was played
when the Constitution itself was on trial for its
deliverance as it came from the hands of those
mighty men whom God taught to build for glory
and for beauty and to frame the fabric of
American empire. The argument, sir, urged
in that day against the ratification of the Con-
stitution as it was approved by Washington
and by his associates was that it conferred, for
the common defense, to suppress insurrection,
and to repel invasion, unlimited power upon
the legislative department of the Government.
The gentlemen who oppose this bill might have
found their objections, all of them, as well
stated and as forcibly stated by the men who
opposed the formation of our Government, the
ratification of our Constitution, and the efforts
of our people to assume their place in the family
of nations, as they have in this debate stated them
themselves. I answer the objections which have
been urged against this measure in the words
of the men who framed our Constitution, and
thereby proved themselves second to no men
who ever lived since man was upon earth, and
to whom were intrusted the destinies of a great
people.
The words of Hamilton ought to be inscribed
in this hour of our nation's trial upon the very
lintels of your doors:
" The powers for the common defense ousht to
exist without limitation, becaui-e it is impossible to
foresee or to define the extent and variety of the
means which may be necessary to satisfy them. Tho
cirounistances that endanger tho safety of nations
are infinite, and for this reason: no constitutional
shackles can wisely bo imposed upon the power to
which it is committed."
Thus spoke Hamilton, a man almost match-
less in his own age or any age, of the power
vested by the Constitution in Congress to pro-
vide for the common defense, to suppress in-
surrection. and repel invasion.
And Madison, called " the father of the Con-
stitution," took up those words and reiterated
them in another form, saying that "it is in
vain to oppose constitutional barriers to the
impulse of self-preservation." A higher law-
giver than Madison or Hamilton, who was
before worlds were, who will be when worlds
perish, gave the law for the government of in-
dividual man and of collective men, the citizen
and the State : preserve thy life.
It is the duty of this nation, to which, in
the language of the fathers of the Republic,
"God in His providence has committed the
greatest trust ever committed to a political
society," to preserve-its own Ufa.
That life was assailed, as the people of
America and the people of the civilized world
know full well, for four long years by armed
revolt and treason. Three years have now
well nigh elapsed since the broken battalions
of that armed revolt surrendered to the vic-
torious legions of the Republic.
When the cloud of battle lifted from the
stricken fields of conflict, from the banks of
the Potomac to the banks of the Rio Grande,
the fact was disclosed that State institutions,
constitutional State governments, had vanished
in the strife and conflict of arms. The people
of the United States—and when I speak of the
"people of the United States " I speak of that
American nationality organized under consti-
tutional State governments, standing by the
Constitution, covering the continent, looking
out Spoil Europe from their eastern and upon
Asia from their western homes—that people
in the hour of their triumph, with a magna-
nimity unparalleled in history, asked not in-
demnity for the past, but only security for
the future.
In their proposition of restoration, as they
presented it in 1865 and 1866, to the late insur-
gents in arms, the victorious people of the
Republic asked only that an irrepealable cov-
enant be placed in the Constitution of the
United States, by the consent of the van-
quished, which would make a like rebellion
forever impossible, and which would realize,
by the silent majesty and force of law, the
grand purpose for which the Constitution itself
was ordained; the establishment of justice and
the security of liberty.
That is what the nation, by its represent-
atives in Congress assembled, asked. The
people of tho North- accepted it with a unatt-
