4078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
ber 21,1867, concluded at Medicine Lodge Creek, in
Kansas, with the Kiowas and Comanches, and under
the third article of tlic treaty of the same date, made
with the Apaches, the amount herein appropriated
to be m lieu of the third of forty installments, to be
paid to the Kiowas and Comanches under the fifth
article of the treaty of October 18,1865, and in liou.
of the second article of the treaty with tho Apach es
of October l«,186o, £<36,000, or so much thereof as way
be needed to comply with the requirements of said
treaties.
# For the construction of an agency buildinpr. accord-
ing to the fourth article of said treaty, $3,000.
ior the construction of a warehouse and store-
room for the use of said agent, SI,500.
r,°£ H1® building ot a residence of a physician to
said Indians, $3,000.
Tor the salary of a physician, SI,500.
Mr. HARLAN". I would inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
on what estimates the sum of $3,000 is put in
for the residence of a pliysieian ? Is it a mere
conjecture that it will cost that amount, or has
some estimate been made?
Mr. HENDERSON. It is the amount spoci-
fied in the treaty, the treaty made at Medicine
Lodge Creek last fall by the peace commis-
sioners, and all these items are the precise
amounts stated in the treaty.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike outlines
one hundred and thirteen to one hundred and
thirty-two, inclusive, in the following words :
Comanches, Kiowas, and Apachcs, of Arkansas
river:
For the labt of five installments, being the second
seriesfortko purchase of goods, provisions, andngii-
cultural implomen ts, per sixth article treaty 27 th July,
1853, So.UOO.
_ For expenses of transportation of tho last of five
installments of good,-*, provisions, and agricultural
implements, per sixth article treaty 27th July, 1853,
£1.000.
Comanches and Kiowas:
For third of forty installments, to be expended
under tho direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
according to terms of the fifth articlo treaty ot Octo-
ber 18, I860, $40,000.
For transportation of Koods and provisions pur-
chased for tho Comanche and Kiowa Indians, in
accordance with the fifth article of tho treaty of
October 18,1865, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary, $5,000.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Cheyennes and Arapahoes:
For the first of thirty installments provided to be
expended under the tenth article ot tho treaty of
October 28,1867, concluded at Medicine Lodge Creek,
m Kansas, the amount to be in lieu of the third of
lorty installments stipulated to bo paid under the
terms of tho troaty ot October 14, I860, $40,000; or so
much thereof as may ho necessary to furnish the arti-
cles named in said first-named treaty.
For the construction of an agency building, ac-
cording to tho tourth articlo of said treaty, $.S,U(JU.
For the construction of a warehouse and store-
room for the use of said agent, SI,500.
i or the building ot a lesidence of a physician to
said Indians, 83,000.
For the salary of a physician. SI,500.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion on the amendment, and declared that the
ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I call for a division.
The affirmative being called for. nine Sen-
ators rose.
Mr. HENDERSON I suppose the object
of the Senator fr#m Vermont is to ascertain
whether there is a quorum present. 1 suppose
there is really no objection to the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The poorest
evidence of that is the fact that Senators do not
rise to vote for it.
Mr. HENDERSON. If there is a disposi-
tion to act on the bill at all I suppose we might
as well ascertain whether there is a quorum, to
gratify the Senator from Vermont. There i 
no doubt about a quorum being present if Sen-
ators will vote.
Mr. _ EDMUNDS. I wish tho record to
show it.
/The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 31, noes 5.
The PRl'.jS1D1>jNTpro tempore. The amend-
ment is agreed to, and a quorum present. ''
Clerk will proceed with the reading.
The next amendment was to insert after the
one just adopted:
For surveying exterior boundaries of selections of
land to eertam persons related by blood to the Cliey-
ennes and Arapahoes, under provisions of fifth m ticie
of treaty concluded with said Indians, October 14,
1865, $4,000,
Mr. HOWE. I should like to have the Sen-
ator, if he insists on that amendment, state the
reasons for it.
Mr. HENDERSON". The Department ask
this appropriation for the purpose of survey-
ing some lands which in the treaty of 1861 we
agreed to give to certain half-breeds. I will
read the fifth article of the treaty with the
Cheyennes and Arapahoes made in 1861, and
then a letter of the acting Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, which will show perhaps as well
as any statement that I could make, the con-
dition of the case. The fifth section of the
treaty provides:
" At tho special request of the Cheyenne and Ara-
pahoe Indians, parties to this treaty, the United
fetatesagreo to grant, by patent in fee simple, to tho
following named persons, all of whom are related to
the Cheyenne or Arapahoes by blood, to each an
amount of land equal to ono section of six hundred
and forty acres, namely: To Mrs. Margaret Wilmarth
and her children, Virginia Fitzpatriek and Andrew
Jackson Fitzpatriok; to Mrs. Mary Keith and her
children, William Keith, Mary J.Keith, and Francis
Keith: to Mrs. Matilda Pepperdin and her child,
Miss Margaret Pepperdin; to liobcrt Poisal and
John Poisal; to Edmund Guerrier, Rosa Guerrier,
and Julia Guerrier; to William W. Bent's daughter,
Mary Bent Moore, and her three children, Adia
Moore, William Bent Moore, and Geororo Moore; to
William W. Bent's children, George Bent, Charles
Bent, andJuliaBent; to A-ma-cho, tho wife of John
Prowers, and her children, Mary Prowers and Susan
Prowers; to the children ofOte-se-ot-see, wifoof John
T. Sickles, namely: Margaret, Minnie, and John;
to the children of John JS. Smith, interpreter, Wil-
liam Gilpin Smith, and daughter, Arm,una; to Jenny
Lind Crocker, daughter of Nc-sou-hoe. or Are-you-
there, wife of Lieutenant Crocker: to Winsor,
daughter of Tow-e-nah, wife of A. T. Winsor, sutler,
formerly atFoitLyon. Said lands to beselectedundcr
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior, from
the reservation established by tho first article of their
treaty of February 18, A. 1). 1861."
The Acting Commissioner says:
Department of the Interior,
Opfioii of Indian Affaibs,
Washington. 1>. C., January 14,18(58.
Sir: I have tho honor to acknowledge the receipt
by reference from you on the 2Uth ultimo of a letter
addressed to you by General JolniB. Sanborn, dated
the 17th ultimo, reauesting that patents may issue
for selections, described in his letter, to tho half-
breeds, entitled under tho fifth article of the Chey-
enno and Arapahoo treaty of 1SG5, (see pamphlet
LaWs, second session Thirty-Ninth Congress, treaties,
p. 143.) and upon which you direct a report of the
views of this office. In reference to the samel would
respectfully say that I doubt the practicability of
having patents issue in the abscnce of surveys.
In your letter to this office of October 23, 1807, you
authorised this office to direct Colonel Albert G.
Boone to make thesurvey of tho exterior boundaries
of the tracts tor these half-breed selections. A dralt
o{ 21 letter to him, in accordance with the instructions
in your letter of the 23d of October last, was prepared
on the 25th of tho same month, but tho question of
funds to defray the expenses of Mich .surveys was
raised, and the letter was not sent to Colonel Boone.
JJe being present in this city the draft of letterwas
shown to him, and ho has treated the draft as a let-
ter received by him, and has addressed a letter to
this office in reply thereto, dated the 20th ultimo,
copy herewith, from which you will observe that he
ostimatcs the amount that Congress should be re-
quested to appropriate for these surveys at $-1,000.
It is important that these treaty stipulations should
be carried into effect without delay. The Union Pa-
cific railway, eastern division, will probably pass
through the reservations from which these selections
are to be made, and if the lands are not previously
patented to the half-breeds, trouble will piobably
arise, and they will fail to secure the land they desire.
I therefore respectfully recommend, in case you
should concur with this office in tho view that it is
impracticable for patents to issue in the manner sug-
gested by General Sanborn, that you requot of Con-
gress an appropriation of the sum of Si.OuO, in oidcr
th.it Colonel Boone can proceed to make the half-
breed selections, in accordance with tho terms of the
tieuly.
A form of estimate is herewith inclosed, and the
letter of General Sanborn is als>o hot cwith returned.
It is provided m said filth article of the treaty of 1805
that said lands shall be selected from the reservation
established by the first article of tho Arapahoe and
Cheyenne treaty of February 18.18t>l, (see Statutes-
at-Large, vol. 12, p. 1103.) In view, therefore, of the
fact that many of the half-breeds entitled to selections
under said treaty are settled and have made valua-
ble improvements upon the lands they desire to have
patented to them, as there may be delay in the
appropriation for the survey of these selections,
during which time the railway company referred to
may procure legislation granting them lands on tho
reserve from which these half-breed selections are
provided by treaty to bemade, I respectfully recooi-
mend that the President be requested to direct that
this reserve be withdrawn from sale until these selec-
tions are made.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
CHARLES E. MIX,
Acting Commissioner.
Hon. 0. H. Bbowxixo,
Secretary of Interior.
Mr. HOWE. Now, if the Senate will listen
to me I can tell them in a few words just what
this question is. In the southern part of the
Territory of Colorado, bordering on New Mex-
ico, in 1865 we purchased an Indian reserva-
tion, and in the treaty we stipulated to give to
the persons named in that article, some fifty
or sixty of them, a section of land apiece. It
is far removed from our settlements and far
removed from our surveys. This is a propo-
sition to appropriate $4,000, which, under the
direction of the Indian department, shall be
expended by some surveyor going away out
there disconnected from the lines of existing
surveys, and surveying out these locations. I
object to it, because these half-breeds are com-
fortably settled there; their lands cannot be
sold until they are surveyed, and when they
are surveyed, when our surveys reach them, or
when the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, who superintends this branch of our
service, is in a condition to survey them in con-
nection with our regular surveys, then their
titles can be perfected. Inasmuch as they are
in no sort of danger it seems to me that it is
decidedly better not to make this survey until
it tan be made in connection with the regular
surveys.
Mr. HENDERSON. In order that the Sen-
ate may know what they are voting upon, I
will state that in 18G1 we made a treaty with
the Cheyennes and Arapahoes, under which
they gave up the entire Territory of Colorado,
and perhaps a portion of what was then Now
Mexico, reserving to themselves a small reser-
vation down at the mouth of the Purgatory
river. I do not remember the extent of the
territory reserved to them, but it was laid out
on the maps ; and as the Senator from Wiscon-
sin says, it is beyond the region of surveys,
though a very fine country, an agricultural
country. In 1805 wo made another treaty with
the Cheyennes and Arapahoes, by which we
purchased from them this territory at the
mouth of the Purgatory river, agreeing to give
them a country south of the Arkansas river ;
but wo agreed in this treaty of 1865 that we
would give some fifty or sixty of the half-
breeds of the Cheyennes and Arapahoes each
a section ®f land, and that we would survey it
for them. These half-breeds are living on the
land, and are now farming there. They are
uneasy because we hafve granted lands to cer-
tain railroad companies, who will ultimately
survey their lines right through these lands.
11" the railroad companies file their plats, and
the alternate sections given to the companies,
when they come to file them, shall fall upon
the lands occupied by these half-breeds, I
cannot see that the railroad companies will not
hold them. Why is it that a white man cannot
go and locate upon a portion of these six
hundred and forty acres and hold it by pre-
emption? An Indian cannot do it. There is
no right t.o the Indian to hold under the pre-
emption laws, and none for him to hold under
the homestead laws.
1 he Indian half-breeds are there farming and
farming quite extensively, and they are uneasy.
They are fearful that when the surveys are
made under Government authority other per-
sons will seize upon their lands and will hold
them ; and what they want now is to have a
survey of the exterior lines of their six hun-
dred and forty acres each, so that it may be
marked out and patents issued to them by the
Government of the United States. As the
Senator from Wisconsin says, there will be
some little dillieulty about it. The only way
it can be doners to extend a base line from
Arkansas or Kansas out, survey it out. and
upon that base line to locate these surveys.
There will be some little difficulty attending it,
I admit. If the Senate think the surveys can-
not be properly made in that way, they can
refuse the appropriation. They now under-
stand the facts, I apprehend, and they can do
as they like.
I can see that the Indians may bo robbed of
their lands. We have agreed in the treaty to
give the half-breeds the lands and assure them
