18G8.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
551
Laios of the United States.
40th Costg...,2d Sbss.
month, tha assessor shall inquire and determ-
ine whether said distiller has accounted in his
returns for the preceding month for all the
spirits produced By him ; and to determine the
quantity of spirits thus to be accounted for
the whole quantity of materials used for the
production of spirits sliall be ascertained;
and forty-five gallons of mash or beer brewed
or fermented from grain shall represent not
less than one bushel of grain, and seven gal-
lons of mash or beer brewed or fermented
from molasses shall represent not less than one
gallon of molasses. In case the return of the
distiller shall have been less than the quantity
thus ascertained, the distiller or other person
liable shall be assessed for such deficiency at
the rate of fifty cents for every proof gallon,
together with the special tax of four dollars for
every cask of forty proof gallons, and the col-
lector shall proceed to collect the same as in
eases of other assessments for deficiencies:
but in no case shall the quantity of spirits re-
turned by the distiller, together with the quan-
tity so assessed, be for a less quantity of
spirits than eighty per centum of the producing
capacity of the distillery, as estimated under
the provisions of this act.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That the
storekeeper assigned to any distillery ware-
house shall also have charge of the distillery
connected therewith; and, in addition to the
duties required of him as a storekeeper in
charge of a warehouse, shall keep in a book
to be provided for that purpose, and in the
manner to be prescribed by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, a daily account of all the
meal and vegetable productions or other sub-
stances brought into said distillery, or on said
premises, to be used for the purpose of pro-
ducingspirits, from whom purchased, and when
delivered at said distillery, the kind and quan-
tity of all fuel used, and from whom purchased,
and of all repairs made on said distillery, and
by whom and when made, the names and places
of residence of all persons employed in or
about the distillery, of the materials put into
the mash-tub or otherwise used for the produc-
tion of spirits, the time when any fermenting-
tub is emptied of ripe mash or beer, recording
the same by the number painted on said tub,
and of all spirits drawn off from the receiving
cistern, and thelime when the same were drawn
off. Any distiller or person employed in any
distillery who shall use, cause, or permit to be
used any material for the purpose of making
mash, wort, or beer, or for the production of
spirits, or shall remove any spirits in the ab-
sence of the storekeeper or person designated
to act as said storekeeper, shall forfeit and pay
double the amount of taxes on the spirits so
produced, distilled, or removed, and, in addi-
tion thereto, be liable to a penalty of one
thousand dollars.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That
every distiller, at the hour of twelve meridian,
on the third day after that on which his bond
shall have been approved by the assessor, shall
be deemed to have commenced and thereafter
to he continuously engaged in the production
of distilled spirits in his distillery, except in
the intervals when he shaH have suspended
work, as hereinafter authorized or provided.
Any distiller desiring to suspend work in his
distillery may give notice in writing to the
assistant assessor of his division, stating when
he will suspend work; and on the day men-
tioned in said notice said assistant assessor
shall, at the expense of the distiller, proceed
to fasten securely the door of every furnace of
every still or boiler in said distillery, by locks
and otherwise, and shall adopt such other
means as the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue shall prescribe to jftevent the lighting of
any fire in such furnace or under such stills or
boilers. The locks and seals, and other ma-
terials required for such purpose, shall be fur-
nished to the assessor of the district by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, to be duly
accounted for by said assessor. Such notice
by any distiller, and the action taken by the
assistant assessor in pursuance thereof, shall
be immediately reported to the assessor of the
district, and by him transmitted to the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. No distiller,
after having given such notice, shall, after the
time stated therein, carry on the business of a
distiller on said premises until he shall have
given another notice in writing to said assessor,
Stating the time when he will resume work;
and at the time so stated for resuming work the
assistant assessor shall attend at the distillery
to remove said locks and other fastenings :
and thereupon, and not before, work may be
resumed in said distillery, which fact shall be
immediately reported to the assessor of the dis-
trict, and by him transmitted to the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Any distiller,
after the time fixed in said notice declaring his
intention to suspend work, who shall carry on
the business of a distiller on said premises, or
shall have mash, wort, or beer in his distillery,
or on any premises connected therewith, or
who shall have in his possession, or under his
control, any mash, wort, or beer, with intent
to distill the same on said premises, shall incur
the forfeitures and be subject to the same pun-
ishment as provided for persons who carry on
the business of a distiller without having paid
the special tax.
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, That all
distilled spirits shall be drawn from the receiv-
ing cisterns into casks, each of not less cipacity
than twenty gallons wine measure, and shall
thereupon be ganged, proved, and marked by
an internal revenue ganger, by cutting on the
cask containing such spirits, in a manner to be
prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, the quantity in wine gallons, and in
proof gallons, of the contents of such cask, and
shall be immediately removed into the dis-
tillery warehouse, and the gnager shall, in
presence of the storekeeper of the warehouse,
place upon the head of the cask an engraved
stamp, which shall be signed by the collector
of the district and the storekeeper and gauger,
and shall have written thereon the number of
proof gallons contained therein, the name of
the distiller, the date of the receipt in the ware-
house, and the serial number of each cask, in
progressive order, as the same shall be received
from the distillery. Such serial number for
every distillery shall begin with number one
(No. 1) with the first cask deposited therein
after this act takes effect, and no two or more
casks warehoused at the same distillery shall
bo marked with the same number. The said
stamp shall be as follows :
Distillery warehouse stamp No. —.
Issued by , collector, district,
State of . Distillery warehouse of  ,
18—. Cask No. —, contents gallons, proof
spirit.
Attest:
United States Storekeeper.
United States Ganger.
And the distiller or owner of all spirits so
removed to the distillery warehouse shall, on
the first, eleventh, and twenty-first days of each
month, or within five days thereafter, enter the
same for deposit in such warehouse, under such
rulesand regulations, not inconsistent herewith,
as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue may
prescribe ; and said entry shall be in triplicate,
and shall contain the name of the person mak-
ing the. entry, the designation of the warehouse
in which the deposit is made, and the date
thereof, and [shall] be in form as follows:
Entry for deposit in distillery warehouse.
Entry of distilled spiiits deposited by 
 , in distillery warehouse ——, in the 
district, State of , on the — day of   ,
anno Domini .
And the entry shall specify the kind of spirits,
the. whole number of casks, the marks and
serial numbers thereon, the number of gauge
or wine gallons and of proof -galloDS, and the
amount of the tax on the spirits contained in
them : allof which shall be verified by the oath
or affirmation of the distiller or owner of the
same attached to the entry; and the said dis-
tijler or owner shall give his bond in duplicate,
with one or more sureties satisfactory to the
collector of the district, conditioned that the
principal named in said bond will pay the tax
on the spirits, as specified in the entry, or cause
the same to be paid before removal from said
distillery warehouse, and within one year from
the date of said bond; and the penal sum of such
bond shall not be less than double the amount
of the tax on such distilled spirits. One of said
entries shall be retained in the office of the
collector of the district, one sent to the store-
keeper in charge of the warehouse, to be re-
tained and filed in the warehouse, and one sent
with the duplicate of the bond to the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, to be filed in his
office.
Sec. 24. And be it further enacted, That
any distilled spirits may, on payment of the tax
thereon, be withdrawn from warehouse on
application to the collector of the district in
charge of such warehouse, on making a with-
drawal entry, in duplicate, and in form as
follows:
Entry for withdrawal of distilled spirits from
warehouse. Tax paid.
Entry of distilled spirits to be withdrawn, on
payment of the tax, from warehouse by
 , deposited on the — day of ,
anno Domini , by , in said ware-
house.
And the entry shall specify the whole num-
ber of casks with the marks and serial numbers
thereon, the number of gauge or wine gallons,
and of proof gallons, and the amount of the
tax on the distilled spirits contained in them ;
all of which shall be verified by the oath or
affirmation of the person making such entry ;
and on payment of the tax the collector shall
issue his order to the storekeeper in charge of
the warehouse for the delivery. One of said
entries shall be filed in the office of the col-
lector, and the other transmitted by him to the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Sec. 25. And be it further enacted, That
whenever an order is received from the col-
lector for the removal from any distillery ware-
house of any cask of distilled spirits, on which
tax has been paid, it shall be the duty of the
gauger by whom the same is gauged and in-
spected, in presence of the storekeeper, before
such cask has left the warehouse, to place upon
the head thereof, in such manner as to cover
no portion of any brand or mark prescribed by
law already placed thereon, a stamp, on which
shall be t*i"jid,vcd the number of proof gallons
contained in said cask on which the tax has
been paid, and which shall be signed by the
collector of the district, storekeeper,and gauger,
and which shall state the serial number of the
cask, the name of the person by whom the tax
was paid, and the person to whom and the
place where it is to be delivered ; which stamp
shall be as follows:
Tax-paid stamp No. —.
Received 18—, from  ,
tax on gallons proof spirit, cask No. —,
  warehouse at , for delivery to  
at .
Collector
Attest:
District, State of -
U. S. Storekeeper.
U. S. Gauger.
And at the time of affixing the tax-paid
stamp or stamps, the gauger shall, in the pres-
ence of the storekeeper, cut er burn upon each
cask the name of the distiller, the district, the
date of the payment of [the] tax, the number
