1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4079
to them, to survey them for them, and to patent
the lauds to them. Now we cannst give them
patents unless we know the lands patented.
We must describe them, or else there will be
no protection to the Indians at last. The
Indians gave up all, I say,-of Colorado, includ-
ing all the gold and silver mines ofUiat country,
reserving only a small place, and they even
gave that up in 1865, reserving only these fifty
or sixty sections for their half-breeds. We
agreed to survey tliem and patent them to them.
If we do not do that the probability is the
Indians will lose them after having made val-
uable improvements; and that is one difficulty
of the Indians now. They are afraid to make
improvements for fear others will come along
and reap the rewards of their labor.
Mr. HOWE. Let me add one word. If I
supposed there was any sort of danger of these
parties losing their lands, I should be as anx-
ious to have the survey made as the Senator.
They ought to have the lands and must have
them; but nobody can get these lands until
the President patents them, and he certainly
is never going to patent these lands to any-
body in defiance or disregard of the obliga-
tions of that treaty.
One other word as to the matter of survey.
Suppose this appropriation is made and a sur-
veyor goes out and surveys these lands; it is
true he may form a connection by surveying
through from^the point at which our surveys
now stop in Kansas, or wherever it is, so that
these lands could be described in the patentas
other lands are described. But if that can be
done, it can be done by the Commissioner of
the Land Office with the moneys already in his
hands. We have appropriated from twenty to
thirty thousand dollars for surveys in Colorado
this year. He has money enough if you will
allow him to make the surveys, and I think he
is the better party to direct all surveys, and
he has money enough to do it.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator is aware
of the very great complaint at the Land Office
now about appropriations for surveys, and very
great complaints among the people in the
West in reference to them. They say sufficient
appropriations have not been made to carry
on the surveys. There is sad complaint there
now.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask leave to submit a
report from the committee of conference on
the tax bill.
ThePRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
will be received.
INTERNAL TAXES.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following
report from the committee of conference :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses, on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (11. 11. Ko, 1284) to change and
move efieetually secure the collection of internal
taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco, and to amend
the tax on banks, having met, after full and free
confcrence have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, to their respective Houses, as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate numbered: 2,3, G.7,9,
10.11,12,18. 14, 15,16. IT. 18,19,20.2l, 22,23, 24, 27,28,
29, 30. 61, 32, 66, 34, 33, 3(5, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41, ^2,43, 44, 45,
46, *7, IS, -30, 51, 52. 53i, 50,57,5S, 59, GO, Gl, 62,63,61, G5,
60. 07, 6S, Gy, 70, 71, 72, 73, 71. 7r>, 70, 81,82,83,85, 86, 87,
88, 8SK SO, 81U, 90, UDJ-, 90>, 91, 92,93, <J4, 95, 90,103,
104, 1013S 108. 109, 110.112, 113, 114,115.115V, 116,120,
121,122, 123, 124,125,120. 127,130,134,135.130, 137,138,
130, 110, 111, 140, 147. 148. 150, 151.153, 153 h 354,155,
157.159, 1G0.101,102, 163,164, 165,100,107,108,109,171.
173,174,175,170,177,178,179,183; and the House agree
to the same.
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered: 1, 20, 50, 79, 80, 128,129,143, 144,145,150,
181.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fourth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same, with amendments, as follows: in line one
of said amendment of the Senate strikeout the word
"and" and insert in lieu thereof the words "the
tax on brandy made from grapes shall be the same
and no higher than that upon other distilled spirits:
and;" in lino four of said Senate amendment, alter
the word "such," insert the word "other."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with an amendment as follows: strike out all
of the fifth line of said Senate amendment down to
and including the word "be," in the eighth line,
and insert in lieu of the same the words "furnish
and attach, at his own expense, such meter, meters,
or meter-sales, as may have been prescribed for use
at his distillery, and."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with amendments, as follows; strike out all
after the word " construed" in said amendment and
insert the words "to apply to fermented liquors;"
and m lines twenty-four, twenty-live, and twenty-
six, page 5, strike out the words " or shall have been
lawfully imported into the United States and the
duties thereon paid/'
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the forty-ninth anda half amendment of the Senate,
and agree to the same, with an amendment, as fol-
lows : strikeout the word "produce" inserted by the
Senate and insert in lieu thereof the word "produc-
tion."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifty-third amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: strike
out the words proposed to be inserted by said Senate
amendment together with the words "spirits pro-
duced from the materials used shall be ascertained"
and insert in lieu ot the same the words " materials
used for the production of spirits shall be ascer-
tained."
That the House recedo from their disagreement to
the fifty-fourth amendment, of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: strike
out the word " and" in said Senate amendment and
insert in lieu thereof the words " together with the
special tax of."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifty-fifth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: strike
out the word " by" in said amendment and insert the
word "under."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventy-seventh amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows:
strike out the words, "which branding and cancella-
tion shall bo done under such rules and regulations
as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue may pre-
scribe."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventy-eighth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with amendments, as follows:
insert the words proposed to be stricken out by tho
Senate, and in line forty-three, page 35, alter the
word "affixed," insert the words "and the number
of proof gallons;" and at the end of line forty-nine,
page 35, insert " proof gallons."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventy-eighth and a half amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with amendments, as
follows; insertthe words proposed to be stricken out
by the Senate, and in line fifty-eight, page 30, after
the word " affixed" insert "and the number of proof
gallons;" and at the end of line sixty-four, page 30,
add the following: "proof gallons."
That the House recedo from their disagreement to
the eighty-fourth amendment of thcSenate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: strike out
the word "they." proposed to be inserted, and insert
in lieu thereof the word " there."
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the ninety-seventh, ninety-seventh and a half,
ninety-eighth, ninety-ninth, one hundredth, one
hundred and first, and one hundred and second
amendments of the Senate, and agree to the same,
with an amendment, asfollows: strikcoutthe words
proposed to be inserted and all from line fourinclu-
sive, down to and including the word " business," in
line fifteen, (printed bill,) and insert in lieu thereof
the words "not exceeding twenty-five officers,to be
called supervisors of internal revenue, each one of
whom shall be aligned to a designated territorial
district, to beeomposedof one or more judicial dis-
tricts and territories, andshallkeep his office atsome
convenient place in his district to be designated by
the Commissioner, and shall rcccive, in addition to
expenses necessarily incurred by him and allowed
and certified by the said Commissioner, as a compen-
sation for his services, such sulaiy as the Commis-
sioner of Internal .Revenue may deem just and rea-
sonable, not exceeding S3,GOO per annum."
That the House recedo irom their disagreement to
the one hundred and fifth and one hundredand sixth
amendments of tho Senate, and acrree to the same,
with the following amendments: strike out from
and including line four of said one hundied and fifth
amendment down toand including line fifteenof the
bill, (section fifty,) and insert in lieu thereof tho fol-
lowing: "employ competent detective's,not exceed-
ing twenty-five in number at anyone time, to be
paid under tho provisions of the seventh section of
the act to amend existing laws relating to internal
revenue, and for other purposes, approved March 2,
1807, and he may, at his discretion, assign any such
deteetiveto duty under th c direction of any supervisor
of internal revenue, or to such other special duty as
he may deem necessary; and thatfromand after the
passage of this act no general or special agent or
inspector, by whatever name or designation he may
be known, of the Treasury Department in connection
with the internal revenue, except inspectors of to-
bacco, snuff, and cigars, and except as provided for
in this act, shall be appointed, commissioned, em-
ployed, or continued in office, and the term/'
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and seventh amendment of the Sen-
ate, and agree to the same, with an amendment, as
follows: insert in lieu of the words stricken out the
following: I
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That from and {
after the passage of this act no assessor or collector '
shall be detailed or authorized to disehargeany duty
imposed by law on any other collector or assessor,
but a supervisor of internal revenue may within his
territorial district suspend any collector or assessor
for fraud or gross neglect of duty or abuse of power,
and shall immediately report his action to the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, with his reasons
therefor in writing, who shall thereupon take such
further action as he may deem proper.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and eleventh amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same, with the following
amendment: before tho word "distillery" insert
'bonded or."
That the House recedo from their disagreement to
the one hundred and seventeenth amendmentof the
Senate, and agree to the same, with the following
amendments: strike out in line seven, page 69, all
alter the word "spirits," down to and including the
word "required," in line ten, and insert in lieu
thereof the words: "which shall bedueand payable
only after the proper entries and bonds have been
executed and filed and all other conditions complied
with as hereinafter required, and thirty days after
the vessel has actually cleared and sailed on her voy-
age with such spirits on board;" in lines fifteen and
sixteen, strike out the words "and rum on whichno
internal tax shall have been paid," and insert in
lieu thereof the words " orrumpage 72, line fifty-
four, strike out the word " internal."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and eighteenth and one hundred
and nineteenth amendments, and agree to the same
with amendments, each, as follows: strike out
"twelve " and insert "nine."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and thirty-first amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same, with the following
amendments: in line ninety-one, page 80, strike out
the word "any;" inline ninety-two, page 80, strike
out the word "two" and insert "ten;" in line
ninety-three, page 80, after the word "dollars"
insert the words "of sales of such spirits, wines, or
liquors;" in line ninety-four, £age 80, after the word
"dollars " insert" and on other sales shall pay as
wholesale dealers, and such excess shall be assessed
and paid in the same manner as required of whole-
sale dealers;" in line ninet> -five strike out all after
the word "liquors" down to and including the word
"made," in lme ninety-seven, and insert the words
" whose annual sales shali exceed 825,000."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho one hundred and thirty-second amendment of
the Senate, and agree to thesame, with the following
amendment: stiike out the word proposed to be in-
serted and insert after the words "retail dealer," in
line one hundred and forty-two, page 82, tho words
" liquor dealer."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the ono hundred and thirty-third amendment of tho
Senate, and agree to the same, with an amendment, as
follows: after the word "four," in line six, page £6,
insert the word "six."
That the House recedc from their disagreement to
the one hundred and forty-second amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same, with an amendment, as
follows: insert in lieu of tho words proposed to bo
stricken out the words " the manufacturer's name and
placo of manufacture, or the proprietor's name and
his trade mark, and."
That the House rccede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and forty-ninth amendment of tho
Senate, and agree to the same, with'an amendment,
as follows: insert in lieu of the words proposed to be
stricken out the words "the proprietors or manu-
facturer's name," and in line seven, page 93, strike
out the word "his" and insert tho word "the."
Tbatthe House recede from their disagreement to
tho one hundred and fifty-second amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same, with the following
amendment: strike out the words "provided that
any" and insert" any."
That the House recedo from their disagreement to
the one hundred and fifty-eighth amendment of tho
Senate, and agree to the same, with an amendment,
as follows: at the end of said amendment add " when
weighing exceeding three pounds per thousand, five
dollars per thousand;" and in line six, page 106, sec-
tion eighty, strike out the words "and cheroots."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho one hundred and seventieth amendment of tho
Senate, and agree to the same, with an amendment,
as follows: add to the said Senate amendment the
following: "But in no case shall such renewal or
change extend to an abandonment of the general
character of the stamps provided for in this act, nor
to the dispensing with any provisions requiring that
such stamps shall be kept in book form and have
thereon the signatures of revenue officers,"
That the House recedc from their disagreement to
the one hundred and seventy-second amendment of
tlieSenate, and agree to the same, with the following
amendment: add to said Senate amendment the
words "or officer acting a3 such, with his reasons
therefor."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and eightieth amendment of tho
Senate, and agree to the same, with amendments, as
follows: in line two of said amendment strike out.
the word "revenue;" in line three strike out tho
words "for denoting the tax thereby imposed;" in
line fourteen strike out the word "revenue;'' iu
lines fourteen and fifteen strike out the words " for
denoting the tax thereby imposed."
That the House recede irom their disagreement to
the one hundred and eighty-second amendment of
the Senate, and agree to the same, with an amend-
ment, as follows: " Eut distillers and refiners of
mineral oils shall he considered as manufacturers,
and subject to the tax ©n sales provided for in tho
fourth section of the act to exempt certain maim-
