2032
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
the Treasury as will give the sum for each of such
items appropriated by this act: Provided, however,
That this shall not bo construed to prevent the pay-
ment from the proper appropriation of expenditures
made during the current fiscal year after said year
shall have closed.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That all appropriations heretofore made for any
of the heads of appropriations provided for in this
act remaining unexpended on the 1st of July next
shall bo carried to the surplus fund, except so much
ot sueh balances as will pay expenditures made dur-
ing the current fiscal year.
The House of Representatives have under-
taken to do in section two what I propose to
do in the substitute; that is, they provide that
the unexpended balances shall be computed,
and only a sufficient sum shall be taken from
the aggregate of unexpended balances and the
appropriations made in this bill to meet the
current expenditures; but the trouble is, the
unexpended balances now in the War Depart-
ment are $82,876,50G, growing out of the
vast appropriations mjide during the war and
which remain unexpended. Consequently the
balances of appropriations unexpended in
former years, which are carried over from
year to year, are nearly three times the aggre-
gate amount appropriated by this bill. I have
110 doubt that at the end of the war a general
provision should have been adopted carrying
all those balances into the surplus fund, be-
cause the circumstances which gave rise to
the appropriations having ceased by the ter-
mination of the war, the whole of them should
have been carried to the surplus fund, and
then new appropriations made for the objects
intended. The House of Representatives in-
tended to accomplish that purpose by this
second section, but they have not done it. 1
call the attention of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to the fact that on
pages 96 and 97 of the estimates he will find
there are balances of unexpended appropria-
tions amounting to $144,778,000, every dollar
of which I think ([have looked over the items)
ought to be carried to the surplus fund. But
without a careful examination, without calling
the attention of the proper Departments to it,
I would not like to propose a thing of that
sort, for fear some of these balances ought to
be kept, for the time being, to pay existing lia-
bilities.
I have drawn the amendment so that it will
not interfere with the payment of the actual
expenditures during the current year, but will
only carry the balance now to the credit of the
War Department on the Treasurer's books to
the surplus fund, and then these items will be
placed to the credit of the proper heads of
appropriations for the benefit of the War De-
partment, and the moneys expended during
the next year will be paid out of these appro-
priations instead of out of the unexpended
balances of old appropriations. I do not know
that it is necessary to explain the matter further.
Let the amendment be reported again.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. T ought to state further
that there are balances of appropriations made
for a multitude of things in the War Depart-
ment that ought to be carried to the surplus
fund ; and 1 trust the Senator from Maine will
look to it. For instance, the balance of the
appropriation for "collecting, drilling, and or-
ganizing volunteers" is §18,757,397. There is
not the slightest use of keeping up that head
of appropriation. So with the next "draft
and substitute fund" and "medical and hos-
pital department." There is no use in keep-
ing up these balances of appropriations, and
if I had my own way about it I would extend
the amendment so as to carry all these appro-
priations to the surplus fund.
Mr. JOHNSON. Why do you not do it?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not like to do it
without further consideration.
The PRES1DEN f pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am not quite
sure what the effect of this amendment would
be. It is obvious enough what was intended
by the House of Representatives by the second
section, and that is, that the War Department
was to use up first any surplus that it might
have under any of these particular heads and
then to draw upon the appropriations made by
this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to my friend
that in many cases the balances of appropria-
tions to the credit of particular heads are several
times the amount of your appropriation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes; I see they
are.
Mr. SHERMAN. And, therefore, it is no
limit at all.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In such cases it
would not roach the appropriation at all per-
haps. Now, the effect of this amendment will
be to coverall those surplus appropriations into
the Treasury, and then they will go to the ex-
penditures of the specific appropriations made
by this act. Whether on that proposition the
House of Representatives will consider that the
appropriations are ample, 1 do not know how
that might be.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If they do not agree to
it, it can be settled in a committee of confer-
ence.
Mr. MORRTLL, of Maine. It is suggested,
and that, perhaps, would obviate the difficulty,
that if the House of Representatives should
disagree to it, should find it (lid not meet their
expectations, it would be considered in a com-
mittee of conference. All I mean to say is,
that l am not quite certain that I know enough
of the subject to say that it is quite safe to
adopt this amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the honorable chair-
man if this bill has not been drafted upon esti-
mates made by the Department?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. And whether the esti-
mates have not been made lower because of
the sums unexpended?
Mr. MORRILL; of Maine. Not apparently.
They seem to have estimated independent of
any surplus on hand. For instance, for the
transportation of the quartermaster's depart-
ment the estimate was §13,000,000.
Mr. JOHNSON. How much was it before
for the same service ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 'There was no
appropriation whatever made last year for this
service because there was a large surplus on
hand.
.Mr. FESSENDI3N. Did not that very fact
result in a deficiency?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir; that
resulted in a deficiency owing to the Indian
difficulties.
Mr. President, while I am on the floor,
perhaps I had better state precisely what the
general features of this bill are, and how it
is regarded by the Committee on Appropri-
ations of the Senate. The bill as it came I'rom
the House of Representatives appropriated
§33,080,000. We have reduced it a lew thou-
sand dollars only. I think it is $33,070,000
now, and it is chiefly for the ordinary service
of the Army ; for the pay proper of the Army,
for the quartermaster's and ordnance depart-
ments, &c. The estimate printed and sent to
Congioss at the commencement of the session
was §51,000,000 forthe Army for the nextyear.
That estimate was based upon the maximum
force of the Army, which in September last was
about fifty-six thousand men. A subsequent
estimate was made and communicated to both
Houses at a later period in the session based
on the minimum force of the Army, and fixing
the sum at $37,000,000.
Mr. JOHNSON. Has the Army been re-
duced?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Army had
not actually been reduced at that time ; but in
contemplation of its reduction to the minimum
standard, which would be some forty thousand
men, the estimate was reduced to 537,000,000.
The House of Representatives have reduced it
still further about four million dollars.
Mr. JOHNSON. Four millions less than
the second estimate?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, $4,000,000
less than the second estimate, which was based
upon the minimum of the Army. One of the
greatest items of reduction is in transportation
of the quartermaster's department, which is
reduced from $13,000,000 to $5,000,000. I
understand that the General of the Army accepts
that reduction, but upon the express under-
standing or statement that whether that will be
adequate at all to that branch of the service
will depend, as the Senator from Iowa has
properly said, upon the fact whether you are
to have peace or war with the Indian tribes.
If the commission now authorized by Congress
is successful, so that you avoid collision with
the Indian tribes, and it is practicable toreduee
the Army as it is contemplated, then the Gen-
eral of the Army thinks we may possibly get
along with $5,000,000 for the transportation of
the quartermaster's department. But. it is
fair to say that the appropriations for the Army
have been reduced to the lowest possible scale
considered at all practicable for the service of
the Army.
Then, in another respect, I ought to call the
attention of the Senate to another feature of
the bill; and that is that there are no appro-
priations in this bill for the fortifications of the
country. I believe the ordinary estimates this
year were some three millions for that item.
For the fortifications this bill allows only
$200,000, and that simply "for the preserva-
tion and necessary repairs of the fortifications
and other works of defense."
Mr. JOHNSON. Some are in process of
construction?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. They are all in
process of construction or thorough repair,
pretty much ; and it will be seen that the whole
system of works of defense is suspended in
contemplation of this bill, and only so much,
anominalsum, $200,000, isappropriatedsimply
for the preservation of the works for the cur-
rent year.
Another feature of the bill is in regard to the
improvements of armories and arsenals, and
the same principle of economy has been applied
there. They have been reduced to the very
lowestligure. For example, $20,000was asked
for for the arsenal at St. Louis, Missouri, and
$5,000 only is granted.
'These are the principal features of the bill,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
ask a question of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations in relation to the appro-
priation for the armory and arsenal at Rook
island. I saw recently an account that an ice
dam had formed there, and that the water had
overflowed the island and damaged the arsenal
there to a great extent, and carried off the Gov-
ernment bridge. I desire to ask the chairman
whether it is proposed to rebuild the arsenal
there and to repair the machinery, and, it' so,
whether this sum appropriated in the bill is
sufficient.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The committee
had no information on that subject.
Mr. GRIMES. I can assure the Senator
from Vermont that the island has not been
submerged since that universal deluge which
also submerged the green hills of Vermont.
There is not a foot of t he island that is not high
and dry and above the highest rise that was
ever known in the Mississippi river. It is true
there has been a gorge of ice that, has remov ed
the bridge that was constructed across the
slough fiom the Illinois main shore to the
island. The island is in the State of Illinois ;
the main channel is on the Iowa side of *he
island. That gorge has occurred since this bill
has been in the hands of the Committee on
Appropriations of the Senate. I understand
that a permanent bridge—this was a temporary
affair—would cost $(50,000. It is not provided
for in this bill.
Mr. WILSON". Estimates have been made,
I nndei stand, for abridge costing about fifty
thousand dollars, but new estimates are to be
made for a suspension bridge, which it is sup-
posed will cost about seventy thousand dollars,
as it is believed a suspension bridge would be
