532
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 20,
40th Cong. ...2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
of proof gallons, and the number of the stamp,
which cutting or burning shall be erased when
such cask is emptied by cutting or burning a
canceling line across such marks or brands.
Whenever any cask or package of rectified
spirits shall be filled for shipment, sale, or
deliv.ery, on the premises of any rectifier, who
shall have paid the special tax required by
law, it shall be the duty of a United States
gauger to gauge and inspect the same and place
thereon an engraved stamp, which shall be
signed by the collector of the district and the
said gauger, and state the date when affixed,
and the number of proof gallons, which stamp
shall be as follows:
Stamp for rectified spirits No.-—.
Issueii by — , collector district,
State of .
— , rectifier of spirits in the dis-
trict, State of ,      , 18—.  
proof gallons.
U. S. Gauger.
Whenever any cask or package of distilled
spirits shall be filled for shipment, sale, or
delivery on the premises of any wholesale
liquor dealer or compounder, it shall be the
duty of a United States gauger to gauge and
inspect the same, and place thereon an en-
graved stamp, signed by the collector of the
district and the said gauger, stating the name
of the compounder or dealer and the date
when affixed, and the number of proof gal-
lons, which stamp shall be as follows :
Wholesale liquor dealer's stamp No. —.
Issued by , collector district,
State of .
 , wholesale liquor dealer, of ——,
   district, State of , — , 18'—•.
 proof gallons.
U. S. Ganger, District, State of—.
All blanks in any of the above forms shall
be duly filled in aeeorfance with the facts in
each ease. A_nd "the stamps above designated
shall be affixed so as to fasten the same se-
curely to the cask or package and duly can-
celed, and shall then he immediately covered
with a coating of transparent varnish or other
substance, so as to protect them from removal
or damage by exposure; and such affixing,
cancellation, and covering shall be done in
such manner as the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue shall by regulation prescribe; but
such stamps shall in every case be affixed to a
smooth surface of the cask or other package,
which surface shall not. have been previously
painted or covered with any substance.
Sec. 26. And be, it further enacted, That all
stamps required for distilled spirits shall be
engraved in their several kinds in book form,
and shall be issued by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue to any collector, upon his
requisition, in such numbers as may be neces-
sary in the several districts. Each stamp shall
have an engraved stub attached thereto with a
number thereon corresponding with an en-
graved number on the stamp, and the stub
shall not be removed from the book. And
there shall be entered on the corresponding
stub such memoranda of the contents of every
stamp as shall be necessary to preserve a per-
fect record of the use of such stamp when
detached.
Sec. 27. And be it further enacted, That
every Stamp for the payment of tax on distilled
spirits shall have engraved thereon words and
figures representing a decimal number of gal-
lons, and a similar number of gallons shall be
engraved on the stab corresponding to such
stamp, and between the stamp and the stub,
and connecting them, shall be engraved nine
coupons, which, beginning next to the stamp,
shall indicate in succession the several num-
bers of gallons between the number named in
the stampand the decimal number nextabove.
And whenever any collector shall receive the
tax on the distilled spirits contained in any
cask he shall detach from the book a stamp
representing the denominate quantity nearest
to the quantity of proof spirits in such cask, as
shown by the gauger's return, with such num-
ber of the coupons attached thereto as shall
be necessary to make up the whole number
of proof gallons in said cask, and any quantity
in addition to the number of full gallons less
than one gallon shall be regarded as a full gal-
lon ; and all unused coupons shall remain
attached to the marginal stub; and no coupon
shall have any value or significance whatever
when detached from the stamp and stub. And
the tax-paid stamps with the coupons may
denote such number of gallons, not less than
tweuty, as the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue may deem advisable.
Sec. 28. And be it further enacted, That the
books of tax-paid stamps issued to any eollcetor
shall be charged to his account at the full value
of the tax an the number of gallons represented
on the stamps and coupons contained in said
books; and every collector shall make a monthly
return to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
of all tax-paid stamps issued by him to be affixed
to any cask or package containing distilled
spirits, on which the tax has been paid, and
account for the amount of the tax collected ;
and when the said collector shall return to the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue any book
of marginal stubs, which it shall be his duty to
do as soon as all the stamps oontained in the
book, when issued to him from the office of
internal revenue, have been used, and shall
have accounted for the tax on the number of
gallons represented on the stamps and coupons
that were contained in said book, there shall
be allowed a commission of half of one per
centum on the amount of the tax on spirits
distilled after the passage of this act, in addi-
tion to any other commission by law allowed,
which shall be equally divided between the
collector receiving the tax and the assessor of
the district in which the distilled spirits were
produced. All stamps relating to distilled
spirits other than the tax-paid stamps shall be
charged to collectors as representing the value
of twenty-five cents for each stamp; and the
books containing such stamps maybe intrusted
by any cellector to the gauger of the district,
who shall make a daily report to the assessor
and collector of all such stamps used by him,
and for whom used, and from these reports the
assessor of the district shall assess the person
for whom they were used, and the collector
shall thereupon collect the amount due for such
stamps at the rate of twenty-five cents for each
stamp issued during the month; and when all
the stamps contained in any such book shall
have been issued, the gauger of the district
shall return the book to the collector with all
the marginal stubs therein.
Sue. 29. Andbe it farther enacted, Thatany
revenue officer who shall affix or cancel, or
cause or permit to be affixed or canceled, any
stamp relating to distilled spirits required or
provided for in this act in any other manner or
in any other place, or who shall issue the same
to any other person than as provided by law,
or regulation made in pursuance thereof, or
who shall knowingly affix or permit to be affixed
any such stamp to any cask or package of spirits
of which the whole or any part has been dis-
tilled, rectified, compounded, removed, or sold,
in violation of law, or which has in any manner
escaped payment of tax due thereon, shall, for
every such offense, be fined not less than five
hundred dollars nor more than three thousand
dollars, and be imprisoned for not less than six
months nor more than three years.
Sec. 30. And be it further enacted, That if
any distiller shall desire to reduce the producing
capacity of his distillery, he shall give notice
of such intention in writing to said assessor,
stating the quantity of spirits which he desires
thereafter to manufacture or produce every
twenty-four hours, and thereupon said assessor
shall proceed, at the expense of the distiller,
to reduce and limit the producing capacity^ or
the distillery to the quantity .stated in said notice,
by placing upon a sufficient number of .the fer-
menting- tubs- elose-fitting coversj wliich shall
be securely fastened by nails, seals, and other-
wise, and in such manneras to prevent the use
of such tubs without removing said covers or
breaking said seals, and shall adopt such other
precautions as shall be prescribed by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue to reduce the
capacity of said distillery. And any person who
shall break, injure, or in any manner tamper
with any lock, seal, or other fastening applied
to any furnace, still, or fermenting-tub, or other
vessel, in pursuance of the provisions of this
act, or who shall open or attempt to open any
door, tub, or other vessel which shall have been
locked or sealed, or otherwise closed or fastened
as herein provided, or who shall use any fur-
nace, still, or fermenting-tub, or other vessel
which shall be so locked, sealed, or fastened,
shall be deemed guilty of a felony, and, on con-
viction, shall be fined not less than one thou-
sand dollars, nor more than five thousand dol-
lars, and imprisoned for not less than one year,
nor more than three years.
Sec. 31. And be it further enacted, That
whenever any officer shall require that the
water contained in any worm-tub in a distillery,
at any time when the still shall not be at work,
shall be drawn off, and the tub and worm
cleansed, the water shall forthwith be drawn
off, and the tub and worm cleansed by the dis-
tiller or his workmen accordingly; and the
water shall be kept and continued out of such
worm-tub for the space of two hours, or until
the officer has finished his examination thereof;
and for any refusal or neglect to comply with
the requisition of the officer iu this behalf, or
the provision in this clause contained, the dis-
tiller shall forfeit the sum of one thousand dol-
lars, and it shall be lawful for the officer to
draw off such water, or any portion of it, and
to keep the same drawn off for so long a time
as ho shall think necessary.
Sec. 32. Andbe it further enacted, That it
shall be lawful for any revenue officer, at all
times, as well by night as by day, to enter into
any distillery, or building, or place, used for
the business of distilling, or in connection there-
with, for storage or other purposes, and to
examine, gauge, measure, and take an account
of every still or other vessel or utensil of any
kind, and of all low wines, and of the quantity
and gravity of all mash, wort, or beer, and of
all yeast, or other compositions for exciting or
producing fermentation in any mash or beer,
and of all spirits and of all materials for making
or distilling spirits, which shall be in any such
distillery or premises, or in the possession of
the distiller; and if any revenue officer, or any
person called by him to his aid, shall be
hindered, obstructed, or prevented by any dis-
tiller or by any workman, or other person act-
ing for such distiller or in his employ, from
entering into any such distillery, or building,
or place as aforesaid; or if any such officer
shall be by the distiller, or his workman, or
any person in his employ, prevented or hindered
from, or opposed, or obstructed, or molested
in the performance of his duty under this act,
in any respect, the distiller shall forfeit the
sum of one thousand dollars. If any officer,
having demanded admittance into a distillery
or premises of a distillery, and having declared
his name and office, shall not be admitted into
such distillery or premises by the distiller or
other person having charge of the same, it
shall be lawful for such officer, at all times, as
well by night as by day, to break open by force
any of the doors or windows, or to break
through any of the walls of such distillery or
premises necessary to be broken open or
through, to enable him to enter the said dis-
tillery or premises; and the distiller shall for-
feit the sum of one thousand dollars.
Sec. 33. And be it further enacted, That on
