4080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
features from internal tax, and for other purposes,
' approved March 31,1868."
JOHN SHERMAN,
JUSTIN S. MORRILL,
C. R. BUCKALEW,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
ROBERT C.SCHENCK,
S, HOOPER,
WILLIAM E. NIBLACK,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. NYE. I should like to inquire of the
Senator from Ohio if the meter system is
retained ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; the House of Rep-
resentatives agree to the Senate amendment
on that point substantially as we had it.
Mr. NYE. How is that?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Commissioner of
Internal Revenue prescribes the kind of meters,
but the distillers are required to get them. It
takes away from the Commissioner the power
of procuring them.
Mr. NYE. Is the distiller bound to get
them before he distills?
Mr. SHERMAN. No; that is all left to
regulation.
Mr. NYE. I understand it will take years
to supply the distillers with them.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is all left to regu-
lations as under the present law.
Mr. NYE. I think the whole meter system
is a very great humbug, and the advantage of
it a great deal more delusive than real.
Mr. SHERMAN. If any Senator desires to
know what disposition has been made of any
particular amendment I will answer. I may
state generally that the amendments of the
Senate have been almost entirely concurred
in, with a few modifications Uhat have been
made. I will not stop to explain the amend-
ments unless some Senator has a question to
ask in regard to particular items.
The report was concurred in.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bill
and joint resolutions, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 541) making appropria-
tions for the service of the Columbia Institu-
tion for the Instruction of the Deaf and Dumb,
and establishing additional regulations for the
government of the institution ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 311) for the
relief of Z. M. Hall;
A joint resolution (H. II. No. 3-12) for the
restoration of Commander Greenleaf Cilley
and Commander Aaron K. Hughes, United
States Navy, to the active list from the retired
list; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 343) to admit
free of duty certain statuary.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendment of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 1353) for the removal of
certain disabilities from the persons therein
named.
executive session.
The PRESIDENTjpro tempore. The Indian
appropriation bill will now be resumed.
^ Mr. TRUMBULL. The Indian appropria-
tion bill is a lengthy bill, and it will be impos-
sible to finish it between now and the hour of
adjournment. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
_ The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 15, 1808.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
the committee had examined and found truly
enrolled a bill (H. R. No. 005) making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending 30th of June, 1869; when the
Speaker signed the same.
REPRESENTATIVE FROM SODTII CAROLINA.
Mr. DAWES presented the credentials of
James H. Gross, claiming a seat as a Repre-
sentative from the fourth district ofSouth Caro-
lina ; which were referred to the Committee of
Elections.
MESSAGE FROJI TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gor-
ham, its Secretary, announced that the Senate
had passed bills of the following titles, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
A bill (S. No. 207) for funding the national
debt, and for the conversion of the notes of the
United States;
An act (S. No. 596) for the relief of Mrs.
L. T. Potter; and
An act (S. No. 349) granting lands to the
State of California to aid in the construction
of a railroad and telegraph line from the town
of Vallejo to Humboldt bay, in the State of
California.
The message also announced that the Senate
had agreed to the amendment of the House to
the bill (S. No. 567) relating to the Freed-
men's Bureau, and providing for its discontin-
uance.
The message further announced that'the
Senate had passed House bill of the following
title, with an amendment, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested:
An act (II. II. No. 1353) for the removal of
certain disabilities from persons therein named.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the bill just received from the Senate,
with amendments, bill (H. R. No. 1353) for
the removal of certain disabilities from the
persons therein named, be taken from the
Speaker's table and referred to the Committee
on Reconstruction.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the bill will be so referred.
There was no objection.
z. JI. HALL.
Mr. JUDD. My colleague [Mr. Wash-
btone, of Illinois] has a bill which he is au-
thorized to report from the Committee on
Appropriations. 1 hope there willbe no objec-
tion to considering it now.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, reported from the Committee
on Appropriations a joint resolution (II. R.
No. 341) for the relief of Z. M. Hall; which
was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution authorizes the Secretary
of the Treasury, in his discretion, to refund to
Z. M. Hall, of Chicago, the sum of $104 10,
being the tonnage tax paid on the schooner S.
M. Pomeroy, in error, by her master at the
port of Bay City, April 21,1868, the tax having
been paid by Hall at Chicago, April 16, 1868.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. JUDD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONTINGENT FUND OF TOE IIOUSB.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Itesolved, That a committee of five be appointed
to investigate into the disbursement of the contin-
gent fund of the House for tho years 1867 and 18g8,
with power to send for persons and papers when the
same can be done without expense to the Govern-
ment.
mrs. julia cody.
Mr. BARNES introduced a bill (II. R. No. {
1432) to place upon the pension-roll the name I
of Mrs. Julia Cody, mother of James Cocly;
which was read a first-and second time, ana
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
government property at harper's ferry.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, for consideration at the present
time, a bill (S. No. 180) providing for the salo
of the lands, tenements, and water privileges
belonging to the United States at. and near
Harper's Ferry, in the county of Jefferson,
West Virginia.
_ The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information, after which there will be an op-
portunity for objection.
The bill, which was read, provides in the
first section for authorizing and directing the
Secretary of War to make sale at public auc-
tion of the lands, tenements, and water privi-
leges belonging to the United States at and
near Harper's Ferry, in the county of Jeffer-
son, West Virginia, except as hereinafter pro-
vided, in such parcels as shall, in his opinion,
be best adapted to secure the greatest amount
of money therefor on a credit of one and two
years, taking bond and security from the pur-
chaser or purchasers for the payment of the
purchase money. But no such sale is to be
made until the time, terms, and place thereof
shall have been published in one of the prin-
cipal newspapers in each of the cities of Wash-
ington, New York, and Cincinnati for sixty
days prior to the day of sale. The proceeds
of the sale are to be applied by the Secretary
of War as follows: first, in defraying the
expenses of making tho salo; second, in re-
funding to the United States the principal sum
of purchase-money paid for the lands, tene-
ments, and water privileges by the United
States, and forthe erection of buildingsthereon;
and third, if any surplus remain, he is to
deliver the same to such agent as the Legisla-
ture of theState of West Virginia shall appoint
to receive the same ; but upon condition that
such surplus shall be received by the State of
West Virginia, to be set apart, held, invested,
used, and applied as a part of the school fund
of that State, under and by virtue of, and in
manner and form as provided in section first
of the tenth article of the constitution of West
Virginia, and for no other purpose. And on
making such sale of the lands, tenements, and
water privileges, or any part thereof, the Sec-
retary of War is empowered and required, on
receiving the purchase-money in full, to exe-
cute all necessary deeds therefor to the pur-
chaser or purchasers thereof, on behalf of the
United States. The second section authorizes
and directs the Secretary of War to convey by
deed to Storer College, an institution of learn-
ing chartered by the State of West Virginia, ail
those certain portions of the aforesaid prop-
erty, namely, the buildings, with the lots on
which they stand, numbered thirty, thirty-one,
and thirty-two, also building numbered twenty-
five^ with enough of the lot on which it stands
to givc a breadth of ten rods on High street
otherwise known as Washington street, all of
said buildings and lots being situated at Har-
per's Ferry aforesaid, being the same which
have heretofore been assigned by the War
Department to the Bureau of Refugees, Freed-
men, and Abandoned Lands, for educational
purposes; and also to convey by deed to the
proper persons all such other lands and build-
ings, portions of the aforesaid property, as
have heretofore been set apart by the proper
authority for religious, charitable, and town
purposes.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I will not
object provided tho gentleman will amend his
bill by striking out a portion of the bill, so as
to provide the proceeds of this property shall
go into the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will allow the gentle-
man to offer it.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I shall not
withdraw my objection if that is not incorpo-
rated in the bill.
