648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
self-evident lie. That is their answer. It is
all "rhetoric,"' it is a "glittering generality,"
it is a "self-evident lie."
Sir, it is written in your Constitution that
there are persons who are natural-born citi-
zens in this land. I would like to know by
what method of reasoning gentlemen revive
the ancient dogma that this world was made
for Ctesar. I would like to know how gentle-
men on this floor have arrived at the conclusion
that any of their fellow-citizens, born with them
within the limits of this Republic, have not the
game right to live here, and, if God so please,
to die here, as the gentlemen themselves ? That
is one of the issues involved in this contest—
the right of every natural-born, law-abiding citi-
zen of the Republic to live on the spot of his
origin. I have no doubt we could get rid of
all controversy at once if we would surrender
the great trust given to us and say to the men,
red with the blood of our murdered country-
men, seize again the control of all the political
Sower of the nine disorganized States, trample
own under your .iron heel the four million
native-born children of the Republic, who were
once citizen-slaves, now citizen-freemen, the
men who never forgot during all the four years
of conflict that your flag was the symbol of lib-
erty ; the men who never forgot to whisper a
word of cheer and comfort to the wounded
and dying soldiers of the Republic in the great
struggle for the nation's life; the men who
never failed to aid your defenders in their
escape from those prison-pens in which their
comrades were subjected to untimely death by
the slow tortures of famine and poison. Sur-
render these men, faithful to the last, to the
traitors in rebellion, and the contest is ended.
Allow Jefferson Davis to come back and sit
down in his senatorial robes in the Senate;
call home that hatchet-faced conspirator from
France (Slidell of Lonisiana) and restore him
to his place; call home that other Senator
watching across the border in Canada (Ma-
son) and restore him to his place; call back
all the Representatives who went out in the
year 1861 from this Hall clothed with perjury
as with a garment, lifting their hands in violence
against your Government and Constitution,
and the contest will be ended.
Sir, I cannot speak for others, but for my-
self, so help me God! living ox dying, I am
against any such proposition. Let the friends
of the Republic ever keep the Republic in their
Iiands. That being done its safety is assured,
and the time will come within the life, I trust,
of every man now honoring me with his atten-
tion, when the laws of the Republic in all our
borders will be so just, so humane, so impar-
tial in their justice and in their humanity, that
the poorest and the humblest human being
between these oceans will find equal protection
with the richest, the noblest, and the most pow-
erful citizen.
Mr. BUTLER. I rise to a privileged motion.
I move to reconsider the vote by which the
main question was ordered in order that I may
offer my amendment.
The question being put and appearing to be
lost,
Mr. BUTLER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WARD. Would it be in order to have
the amendment read?
The SPEAKER. Not on the motion to
reconsider. It is not yet before the House.
Mr. WINDOM. I move that the House
adjonrn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the Senate has asked for a committee of con-
ference on two important bills, and the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
desires to have them acted on this aflernoon.
Mr. WINDOM. I withdraw the motion for
that purpose.
repeal of cotton tax.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, the House
took up from the Speaker's table House bill
No. 207, to provide for the exemption of cotton
from an internal revenue tax, ana agreed to the
committee of eonferenee asked for by the Sen-
ate to the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon.
The SPEAKER appointed as conferees on
the part of the House Messrs. Logan, May-
nard, and Brooks.
reduction or thk currency.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, the House
also took up from the Speaker's table House
bill No. 213, to suspend further reduction of
the currency, and agreed to the committee of
conference asked by the Senate on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
The SPEAKER appointed as conferees on
the part of the House Messrs. Schenck,
Hooper of Massachusetts, and Niblack.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion 0f Mr. PILE, by unanimous con-
sent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the several cases of H. H. Rusk, A. B. Mills,
Henry V. Freeman,'and W. E. Duckett, copies
being left.
Mr. WINDOM. I renew the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, called for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Windom
and Washburn, of Indiana, were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
| —ayes ninety-one, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of Richard
M. Green for compensation for use of his pat-
ent right in the United States navy-yards.
By Mr. BAILEY: Two several memorials
from the Oneida County New York Manufac-
turing Association for a reformation in the
mode of appointments to office, whereby char-
acter and fitness shall be deemed essential
' qualifications.
I. Also, the petition of Woods, Bucknor, and
others of the twenty-first and twenty-second
congressional districts of New York, to be re-
funded certain moneys deposited by them with
collectors for Tice's meters.
Also, the petition and memorial of Pomroy
Jones, of Oneida county, New York, praying
that the surviving soldiers of the war of 1812
may be placed on the pension list.
By Mr. BUCKLAND: The petition of J.
R. Clymer, P. W. Poole, and 185 others, citi-
zens of the ninth congressional districtof Ohio,
asking Congress to take suqh action as will
effectually protect the rights of naturalized cit-
izens of the United States in all parts of the
world, and to compel Great Britain to recog-
nize tie validity of the naturalization of those
citizens whom she now holds in durance in
violation of their rights as American eitizens,
and to restore them to liberty. Also, resolu-
tions from, the same citizens upon the same
subject.
By Mr. COOK: The petition of citizens of
Will county, Illinois, for the passage of a law
declaring and protecting the rights of natural-
By Mr. DONNELLY: A memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Minnesota asking
for an appropriation for the improvement of
the Mississippi river at the Falls of St. An-
thony, and setting for the grounds for the same.
Also, the petition of Charles E.Vanderburgh,
N. H. Hemriep, H. O'Brien, J. B. Gilfillan,
H. B. ^Hancock, Charles E. Flandrau, R. J.
Baldwin, W. D. Washburn, D. Morrison, Cy-
rus Aldrich, George A. Brackett, and a large
number of other citizens of Minneapolis and
St. Anthony, in the State of Minnesota, pray-
ing that Congress would define the status of
naturalized citizens of the United States, and
protect the rights of such citizens in foreign
countries.
Also, the proceedings of a meeting of citizens
of Hennepin county, Minnesota, with a series
of resolutions upon the same subject.
By Mr. DODGE: The petition of Zacha-
riah Lawrence, asking remuneration for cap-
tures of ships during the war of 1812.
Also, the memorial of A. G. Aukrey, asking
pay of expense incurred on recruiting service.
By Mr. DRIGGS: The petition of Reuben
Dodge, of Caseville, Huron county, Michigan,
praying Congress to grant pensions to the sol-
diers of the war of 1812.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition of Susan A.
Mitchell, for pension.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Alabama,
graying for continuance of the Freedmen's
iureau.
By Mr. ELA: The petition of W. H. Rhines,
of Dover, New Hampshire, for pension for
disabilities incurred in the Navy.
Also, the petition of eitizens of the first con-
gressional district of New Hampshire, to have
the status of naturalized citizens defined and
their rights protected.
By Mr. EGGLESTON: The petition of
John H. McCutchen, administrator of John
McCutchen, deceased, claiming compensation
for clerical services in the Treasury Depart-
ment.
By Mr. FERRISS: Two memorials of citi-
zens of New York interested in the navigation
of Lake Champlain, praying for a repeal or
modification of the law under which the
Northern railroad and the Vermont and Can-
ada railroad have constructed a draw in the
bridge crossing said lake.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of W. J.
Thomas and 63 others, -discharged soldiers,
praying that the soldiers' equalization bounty
law may be passed.
Also, the petition of Charles H. Scaddin and
45 others, discharged soldiers, praying for pas-
sage of same law.
By Mr. HUNTER: The petition of sundry
citizens of Monroe county, Indiana, asking
that a pension be granted to certain officers
and soldiers of the Mexican war over the age
of fifty years.
By Mr, JONES: Resolutions adopted at a
large meeting in the city of Covington, asking
immediate action by Congress in reference to
and for the protection of American citizens
abroad.
By Mr. KOONTZ: The petition of Mrs.
Sophia Ludwig, and 35 others, widows resid-
ing at Chambersburg, Franklin county, Penn-
sylvania, asking relief for losses sustained by
them in the burning of Chambersburg by the
rebel General McCausland in 1864.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio: The peti-
tion of Drs. A. Fulton and J. C. Hunter, of
Bellefontain, Ohio, asking that the fee for
licenses for physicians be graduated according
to income.
By Mr. MOORHEAD: The petition of A.
Fulton, Son & Co., and others, manufacturers
of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, praying for an
abatement of tax upon the manufacture of
articles of necessity.
Also, the petition of Carrol Snyder, S. Sev-
erance, and others, citizens of Pittsburg, Penn-
sylvania, praying for the adoption of a civil
service bill.
By Mr, NIBLACK: The petitions of sundry
members of the bar, merchants, and others,
eitizens of the city of Evansville, Indiana,
praying for the establishment of a United
States district court in that city.
Also, the petition of Ralph H. Donvan, and
90 others, citizens of Knox county, Indiana,
praying that more efficient protection be ex-
tended to citizens of the United States, both
native and naturalized, while traveling abroad,
and especially in Great Britain.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania and New York engaged in
manufacturing and dealing in refined coal oil,
