1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2033
a safer bridge than the bridge it was contem-
plated to build. This bridge has been recently
carried away by a flood of ice. The estimates
iti regard to that are not included in this bill.
This bill has nothing to do with them, but they
are coming in. I was informed a day or two
ago that estimates were coming in to build
these bridges ; one of the bridges that has been
estimated for costing about fifty thousand dol-
lars, and another estimate for a suspension
bridge, which it is supposed will cost about
twenty thousand dollars more, but to be a safer
bridge; and Congress will determine which they
shall have.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. While I did
not suppose the entire island has been sub-
merged, I saw a statement that there had been
very great damage done there, both on the
island and on the Iowa side of the river,
amounting to at least a million dollars ; that
the Government property was damaged and
people had to flee from the island.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I offer an
amendment in the form of an additional sec-
tion :
And be it further enacted, That from and after the
1st of May next the Army of the United States
be reduced to twenty thousand men, rank and file,
and that the President of the Unitod States do pro-
ceed to muster out men and officers and make all
proper and necessary orders and regulations to re-
duce, consolidate, and organize the Army upon
twenty thousand men as the maximum.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senate will not
adopt this amendment. Before the close of
the present session I hope that we can make
some reduction of the Army; but we are not
yet in a condition to say whether we can reduce
it at all, or, if we can reduce it, to what extent.
In the course of three or four months I hope
the affairs of the country will be in such a con-
dition that the Army can be safely reduced.
Then we shall know probably whether we are
to have any Indian hostilities this year. We
all hope we shall not; and, if not, I see no
difficulty in the way of making a reasonable
reduction of the Army; but we are not in a
condition now to adopt this amendment, or, in
my judgment, to pass any act making a reduc-
tion of the Army. I think we had better wait
a few mouths and see what the condition of
the country will be at that time.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, it is here ad-
mitted by everybody, I believe, that the people
are very much oppressed by taxation. Cer-
tainly, one of the principal causes of this large
taxation is the very large Army that we have.
The honorable Senator who is chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs [Mr. Wilson]
admitted a. few minutes since that the Array
might be reduced to something like half its pres-
ent, numbers. The honorable chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Morrill,
of Maine] has stated to-day that the number of
the Army in September last was about fifty-six
thousand. I have seen statements in the papers
that of this large Army nearly twenty thou-
sand men are stationed in the ten southern
States. There is no need of an .army of that
size in our country at this time; and particu-
larly, there is no need for the occupation of
the ten southern States by any sucli military
force. There is not to-day a necessity for a
thousand men in arms in the ten southern
States.
Sir, we are all making loud professions of
economy. There is a good deal of difference,
though, between the profession and the act;
and never, I think, on any occasion was there
a greater difference than there is at present.
Men are frightened at the idea of having a de-
ficit in the Treasury, of not having enough of
money to meet the just and necessary demands
of the Government 
The PRESIDENTjjro tempo7~e. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the special order of
the day is regularly before the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope that will
be laid aside.
40th CoNff. 2d Sess.—No. 128.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to
the special order being laid aside informally,
so that after the business in which the Senate
is now engaged shall have been disposed of it
may come up without a vote.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We shall get
through with this bill very shortly, I think.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suggest that the special
order be laid aside informally by general con-
sent.
The PRESIDENT .pro tempore. If there
be no objection the special order will be post-
poned informally, and the consideration of the
Army appropriation bill will be continued.
The Senator from Kentucky will proceed.
Mr. DAVIS. I was not going to make many
remarks. Indeed, the reduction of the Army
is a matter of such obvious necessity that it
cannot be enforced by argument. When it is
known and stated that the Army of the United
States now consists of about sixty thousand
men in service, and that if the companies were
all filled up it would amount to about one hun-
dred thousand men, there cannot be two opin-
ions that that organization of the Army ought
to be reduced very greatly. If the Army were
raised to one hundred thousand men it would
cost at least $100,000,000 a year. The present
numbers of the Army will cost exceeding sixty
million dollars. If it is reduced to twenty
thousand it will be reduced about two thirds
in number, and something like the same pro-
portion in cost. That will save forty or fifty
million dollars annually to the Treasury, and
enable Congress to relieve the people from
forty or fifty million dollars of yearly taxation.
If that should be the result of your policy, if
the majority of Congress now would march up
to the subject and reduce the Army in some-
thing like the proportion in which the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs says
it may be reduced, and as he admits it may be
within two or three months, there will be no
longer this cry for additional sources of taxa-
tion or the expression of fear and flight lest
there should be a deficit in the Treasury.
Now, sir, what does the amendment which
I have offered propose? That the Army be
reduced to twenty thousand men from and after
the 1st of May next, and that the President,
the Commander-in-Chief, be authorized to pro-
ceed forthwith to make the necessary orders
and regulations for that reduction, mustering
out troops, soldiers and officers, consolidating
troops, making all the requisite orders for the
consolidation of the Army upon the maximum
of twenty thousand men. Tf there is any sin-
cerity and truth in the profuse expressions of
economy by the Senate and by the House of
Representatives, here is a legitimate subject
upon which that purpose may be properly ex-
pended, upon which it may properly act. I
propose that this matter of redaction shall be
intrusted to the?President of the United States.
He is the Commander-in-Chief of the Army.
He is the proper authority to make the reduc-
tion, and not your General of the Army or
your Secretary of War, because they are both
subordinates, and are subject to his will and
orders, as they ought to be. I have no doubt
that the President of the United States would
do it with as much good judgment and good
sense, and with as single an eye to the public
good and to the exigencies of the service as
would any officer of the Government. He is
the appropriate authority to do it.
Now, sir, if the Army may be reduced in
two or three months to one half its present
numbers, why not commence the work at this
moment? If this is not intended to be a
promise merely to delude, but the promise
is made in good faith, and fruits are to result
from the promise in acts and in retrenchment
and economy that will save fifty or sixty mil-
lions in the single item of the Army, and its
expenditures, I insist now is the time to under-
take the work; and I think that the proposition
which I make presents the right mode in which
it should be commenced and carried out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will say one
word in reply to the honorable Senator. He
is greatly mistaken when he supposes .that the
military force of the country is employed in
the late rebel States.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to interrupt him ? I have no offi-
cial information on that point; but I have seen
it stated repeatedly in the last week or two
that there were eighteen thousand troops in the
ten southern States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not know
precisely; I have no special information on
the subject; but only a comparatively small
portion of the military forces of the country
is, according to my understanding, within those
States. They are employed chiefly on the
frontiers, including Texas ; but, however that
may be, it is plain enough to my mind that a
proposition involving so much as the Senator's
proposition does ought not to bo put upon this
bill without having first been submitted to the
committee of this body who would have the
opportunity of knowing whether the publie
service could sustain the shock which would
follow so large a reduction of the military
force. Precisely what our demands on the
frontier are, I suppose the honorable Senator
from Kentucky does not know. Then, I sub-
mit to him that to reduce the Army to twenty
thousand men at the present time without some
knowledge as to what the service really requires
on the frontiers, is taking a leap in the dark;
and then the honorable Senator will allow me
to remind him that there is—to what extent I
do not know—service for the military arm of
the Government in the late rebel States, and
that service is devolved on the military by the
acts of Congress. Are we prepared to say
that it is advisable to-day, in the present con-
dition of the southern States, to withdraw that
force? Is the honorable Senator willing to
withdraw the forces from the frontier and trans-
fer them to those States; or is he willing to
retain the forces on the frontier and withdraw
them entirely from those States? Is he sure
that a state of anarchy and disorder would not
ensue in those districts which lie would regret
as much as any Senator on this floor ? I sug-
gest, therefore, that the honorable Senator
offers this amendment, as it seems to me, with-
out adequate knowledge to enable him to know
whether the service of the country can well
spare so great a change as that contemplated
by this amendment. I hope, therefore, that
if the honorable Senator persists in his motion
the Senate will not agree to it.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I admit that
I have not the necessary information to enable
me to form a definite, reliable opinion as to
the extent to which the Army mightbe reduced.
I believe from the general and uncertain inform-
ation that I possess that ten thousand men in
the Army of the United States now would be
sufficient For the whole of the public service,
including the troubles from the Indians on the
northwestern frontier. In relation to the
portion of the Army that is stationed in the
southern States, I have no doubt in my own
mind that a thousand menjudiciously stationed
in those States would be sufficient for every
proper purpose of the Government and the
country. I have no question in my own mind
that these five military commanders and all the
troops which have been placed under their
command in the southern States are, for there
purposes of mischief, of disintegration of the
State governments; in other words, of revolu-
tion of our system of government, for the pur-
pose of holding the southern people in the
presence of and under a military power which
is intended and is calculated to awe them into
submission to the slavery that the attempt is'
there being made to reduce them to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sena-
tor allow me to ask him whether he believes or
has any information on the subject which
authorizes him to say that there is more force
in those military districts than is necessary for
the execution of the laws of Congress ?
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know that there is.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is the
point.
