1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE".
849
numerously signed, praying that the present
method of ascertaining the quantity of the same
by gauging by the calipher or straight rod may
be abandoned as unreliable, and that a system
of weighing may be authorized and established
by the internal revenue department.
By Mr. PAINE: Petition for payment of
damages.
Also, the petition of James Smith, for amend-
ment of internal revenue law.
Also, the petition of D. S. Curtis, for amend-
ment of act granting extra pay to officers.
By Mr. PERHAM: The petition of Rachel
P. Waterhouse, for back pension.
By Mr. ROBERTSON: The petition of Col-
onel Stephen Baker and other citizens of the
tenth congressional district, of New York, pray-
ing for such legislative action as shall define
the status of naturalized citizens of the United
States, and compel the Government of Ureal
Britain to recognize the validity of the natural-
ization of all such citizens.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: Several peti-
tions from citizens of the third congressional
district of Connecticut, praying CongTess to
take legislative action to define the rights of
naturalized citizens, and to compel the English
Government to recognize the validity of Ameri-
can naturalization.
By Mr. TROWBRIDGE: A memorial of
the mayor and common council of the city of
Port Huron, St. Clair connty, Michigan, ask-
ing that a portion of the Fort Gratiot military
reservation may be sold.
Also, the petition of Charles Dreher, of San-
ilac countv, Michigan, William Hartsuff, post-
master at l>ort Huron, St. Clair county, Mich-
igan, and 70 others, citizens of these two conn-
ties, asking for the establishment of a mail
route from the city of Port Huron, in St. Clair
county, through Davisville, in Sanilac county,
to Mindon Post Office, in Sanilac.
By Mr. VAN AERNAM : The petition of
Thomas Connoly, sixty-ninth New York vol-
unteers.
By Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri: The peti-
tion of John M. Fleming, of Missouri, asking
compensation for loss sustained by destruction
of property, by order of Colonel Mulligan, at
Lexington, Missouri, in September, 1861.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 21, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented two petitions of
residents of the State of Oregon and of Wash-
ington and Montana Territories, praying an
appropriation to be expended in building a
wagon road from Horse Plains to Cabinett
Landing on the Pen d'Oreille river, in Mon-
tana Territory; which were referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. RAMSEY. I present the petition of a
large number of citizens of Minnesota, who
represent that under the present condition of
our relations with foreigft Powers the nature
of the citizenship conferred on naturalized for-
eigners is neither understood nor acknowledged
by those nations, and that in consequence many
of them, and in particular the Government of
Great Britain, assnme the right to exact alle-
giance from citizens who have been duly nat-
uralized under the provisions of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and to hold and
punish them for acts done within the territory
of the United States; and the petitioners
therefore pray that Congress will adopt sueh
legislative action as will not only define the
status of the naturalized citizens of this Re-
public before the world, but also compel the j
Government of Great Britain to recognize the
validity of the naturalization of those citizens
whom now she holds in durance, and to do
justice to them by reinstating them in the lib-
erties and immunities of which they have been
: deprived in violation of their rights as Ameri-
can citizens. I move that this petition be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
I also present the proceedings of a meeting
of citizens of Saint Paul, Minnesota, repre-
senting substantially this subject as do the
petitioners whose prayer I have just stated.
1 move that this also be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented a memorial of State
officers of certain States, praying the adoption
of legislation providing for suitable memorials
of the services of those who have, by the sacri-
fice of life and limb in the national Army, be-
come entitled to a grateful public recognition
of their services, in enduring form, for distri-
bution to individuals or their representatives ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of Brevet Brig-
adier General Orlando Brown, late captain
and assistant quartermaster United States vol-
unteers, praying to be relieved from all lia-
bility for property expended under General
Orders No. 46, issued by General Butler for
the issue of public property; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a memorial signed by
Isaac Seely. and several others, members of
the constitutional convention of Georgia, pray-
ing that the convention may be authorized to
institute a civil provisional government in that
State; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
He also presented resolutions adopted at a
meeting of citizens of Worcester, Massachu-
setts, relative to the rights of American citizens
abroad ; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. ROSS presented a memorial of the Coun-
cil and House of Representatives of Colorado
Territory in favor of reopening the military re-
serve known as Camp Collins, subject to the
preemption and homestead laws; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Alabama, praying that Judge William B.
Wood may be relieved from all disabilities im-
posed on him by laws of Congress, so that he
may continue to preside as judge; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Francis
Miller, praying the passage of a bill regulating
the sale of hay and straw in the District of
Columbia ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. TIPTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Nebraska, praying the location of a land
office at West Point, in that State; which was
1 referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
1 Mr. TRUMBULL. I have received, Mr.
; President, a petition from Samuel Bullock and
\ some two hundred others, citizens of Warm
Springs, Meriwether county, in the State of
Georgia, setting forth the fact that Mr. Bul-
lock is old and blind, and has a family to sup-
port, and is unable to support them by farm-
ing; and therefore he prays that the privilege
be granted to him of distilling spirituous liquors
for medicinal purposes from grain and fruit
with a fifty gallon copper still, without paying
a tax or license, as is ordinarily required, as
j he is unable to pay it. As this matter relates
' *o the finances of the country I move to refer
the petition to the Committee on Finance, to
inquire whether the condition of the country
will allow Mr. "Bullock to use his fifty gallon
still without paying the tax required by law.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL also presented a petition
of Lucinda R. Johnson, widow of Dr. Bluford
Johnson, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. SUMNER. I present resolutions and
petition adopted at a meeting of citizens of
Hampden county, Massachusetts, setting forth
the rights of American citizens traveling abroad,
averring that the honor and dignity of the na-
tion require their protection, and declaring
that the doctrine promulgated by the English
law officers is not recognized as the law of the
United States on this subject, and asking the
action of Congress. I move their reference to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I present also a petition
from citizens of Texas, eminent citizens—most
of them appear to be in important public trusts
there—in which they complain of the confirma-
tion of appointments to offices in Texas made
from non-residents of Texas. They say that
the collectors of customs, the United States
marshal for the eastern district of Texas, the
superintendent of taxes in the State, and other
responsible offices have been filled by what
they call importations; and that in many im-
portant offices there are men not well disposed
to the Union, and none of them the friends of
the suffering Union men of the State. These
petitioners go on to say that there are good
and true Union men in Texas to fill all these
offices; that there are men who served in tho
war on the side of their country ; but that these
men are all passed over and neglected in order
to give office to some supporters of the Admin-
istration. Against this policy they protest,
and they ask the Senate to refuse to confirm
such nominations. I had hesitated with regard
to the presentation of this petition, whether to
present it in executive session or in open ses-
sion, but as the considerations urged seemed
to be of what I may call a political character,
and were kindred to topics so often discussed
in open session, I thought on the whole I should
best discharge my duty to the petitioners by
presenting it as I now do. As there is no com-
mittee to whom it should properly be referred
I move that the petition lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. 1 offer the petition of Rob-
ert B. Kingsberry, of the city of Brownsville,
State of Texas, in which he sets forth that he
has been ardently devoted to the Union all his
life; that he voted against the ordinance of
secession and opposed the movement alto-
gether, but that afterward, while in the dis-
charge of his duties as a deputy collector, at
the breaking out of the rebellion, in the city
of Brownsville, under the pressure and terror
by which he was surrounded, for his own safety
and other considerations, he was induced to
continue over in that office and to take the
oath of allegiance to the southern confederacy;
that while in that situation he had it in his
Eower, as he shows by evidence accompanying
is petition, frequently to be of great service
to Union refugees, helping the families of the
persecuted in that section out of Texas and
into other parts of the United States, and in
various other modes manifesting his heartfelt
attachment to the Union and his abhorrence
of the rebellion; that after the overthrow of
the rebellion, on the recommendation of Gov-
ernor Hamilton and other distinguished Union
men of that State, he was appointed collector'
of internal revenue in the second district of
Texas, but was not able to take the oath pre-
scribed by Congress; that while in the dis-
charge of his duties he collected some two
hundred and fifty-seven thousand dollars of
revenue and faithfully paid it over to the Treas-
ury.; and he files with his petition a certificate
of Mr. Rollins, Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, that his accounts had all been adjusted
and fairly stated. Upon these facts he asks,
first, that his political disabilities may be re-
moved by an act of Congress, and that he may
be allowed compensation according to the law
for the term for which he served as collector of
internal revenue; and I have been furnished
with a bill predicated upon these facts and the
prayer of this petition asking relief from these
disabilities, which I will send to the Clerk with
the petition, and ask to have read a first and
second time.
There being no objection, leave was granted
