1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
distributed to 58.S43 persons daily for a period of
four months, at a cost -ot about tea dollars each per
month.
" Thus, through the agency of the bureau, the pov-
erty and want -of the South were in great measure
relieved and. much suffering prevented."
io the cause o1 education the bureau has
foeen of infinite value. Acting in cooperation
with societies and humane persons in the loyal
States, it has akled in organizing thirty-seven
hundred schools, in which are taught two hun-
dred and thirty-eight thousand scholars. It is
believed that more than half a million of freed-
men have been taught to read. Such results
must be gratifying to every generous and patri-
otic mind. It has the blessings and prayers
of humane-and Christian men, and, in spite of
the prophetic avowals of the Senator from
Indiana, it will continue to be dear to the
people, who wish to lift up our country by
•elevating all our people.
This much abused bureau has, at little cost,
done more for the administration of justice,
for the maintenance of order, for the security
of person, liberty, and property, than an army
costing tens of millions of dollars. It is esti-
mated that more than one hundred thousand
cases have been tried and determined by the
agents of the bureau. To this tribunal the
freedman has turned for protection, for jus-
tice, for security. To this tribunal the employer
has resorted to enforce contracts against delin-
quents, and to find protection against the
lawless.
It is proposed, Mr. President, to continue
this beneficent instrumentality one year longer.
No appropriation will be required for its sup--
port. It has been in operation three'-ye^s,
and for its support $10,780,000 have*been
appropriated, More than six million dollars
oi this appropriation was on hand on the first
of the year. General Howard, the ever faith-
ful head of the bureau, asks Congress to con-
tinue for another year this work, that has
accomplished so much for charity, for order,
for justice, for development. General Howard
■says :
"After having carefully canvassed the whole field,
and considered the liabilities to oppression and want
likely to arise li'om a too early withdrawal of the
protecting ariu of the General Go vernmeath om those
who have beendistinctively loyal, t have come to the
settled conclusion that it would be wise to continue
this bureau tor at least one year longer than I pre-
viously recommended; to continue it till matters
settle; till the new governments shall be not only
established, but in practical operation, and be able
and willing^ to alfoid the protection and the relief
which the United States Government has rendered,
aud is now rendering, through its instrumentality."
Sir, 1 close by invoking the favorable action
of Congress for this bill continuing the bureau
for another year, and by asking for it the con-
siderate judgment of the people who embrace
in their affections the whole country and the
interests of all, especially of the poor and the
weak. Sir, 1 have faith that the Christian peo-
ple of the North, who have not forgotten the
words of our Divine Master, "Ye have the
poor always with ye," will sanction the con-
tinuance for another year of an instrument-
ality that has contributed so much to carry the
nation through the trials and dangers that
encompassed it in passing from slavery to
freedom, from civil war to enduring peace.
When 1 think of the measureless good the
Freedmen's Bureau has achieved for our coun-
try, for the cause of freedom, justice, and
humanity, for moral, intellectual, and material
development, I am lead to recognize the agency
of a Power higher than man's power in its cre-
ation. Ages hence its influences for good will
be felt, and those who come after us will recog-
nize those inllueuces if we do not. In coming
days, when the rebellious South shall be lifted
up out of the depths into which slavery and
eiv 1 strife plunged her, she, too, will acknowl-
edge and bless the instrumentality of the now
haied and derided Bureau of Freedmen and
Refugees.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Mr. President, 1 am not inclined to find fault
with the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hexd-
kicksJ for the views which he has expressed
on this subject, for I think his position is a
40th Cong. 2d Se.-«.—No. 192.
very natural on®. • It seems that there is a
little conflict at this time among the Demo-
cratic magnates. The present Chief Justice,
I remember, said soon after the close of the
war that the right to reorganize State govern-
ments in the rebel States reverted to the loyal
people in those States. The Senator who is
also, as well as the Chief Justice, now of
the prominent gentlemen spoken of as candi-
dates of the Democratic party, takes this view:
that the right to reorganize governments in
those States reverted to the rebel leaders when
the war was put down. It seems they stand
at the opposite poles in this matter of reorgan-
ization. Now, I apprehend that the efforts
of the Senator from Indiana are directed to
this point: to prevent a threatened defection
of the Democratic party. He is afraid that
the whole party are going to drift over to the
position occupied by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] and it is only natural
and proper that he should attempt to stay the
tide which is sweeping his party, as he may
think, to destruction.
I do not wish to do the Senator any injustice,
but he said a few moments since that the gov-
ernments of the southern States did not perish
during the struggle through which we have
passed, that they survived the war. If that
is his position he must necessarily take the
ground that the governments which were organ-
ized in the southern States by Johnson were
illegal governments, that they had no legit-
imate existence; and he stands to-day pre-
cisely where his friend from Kentucky [Mr.
Davis] stood yesterday when he took the
position that the Johnson governments were
illegal and unauthorized by law or Constitu-
tion. If that is his position he ought to have
condemned those governments as well as
condemn the governments which have been
organized under the congressional plan of re-
construction. His position leads him neces-
sarily to the doctrine that governments should
have been reorganized in the rebel States by the
leading rebels, by the very men who in South
Carolina and Georgia and Alabama, and the
other States which went into secession, could
vote before the war; and they are the men
who went into the rebellion, who led the rebel-
lion, who fought in the rebel armies. That,
sir, is his position, and he ought to defend it
to be logical here to-day.
But he took one other position which I could
not comprehend. He said that the purpose of
the conlinuance of this Freedmen's Bureau
was to organize or keep in existence the Union
leagues among the colored men, so that they
might vote properly in the fall elections. Sup-
pose that is the object. I do not presume the
gentleman would pretend to say that that work
would be any part of the official duties of the
agents of this bureau ; it would be outside
work, extra duty which they would take upon
themselves. Now, if the colored gentlemen
to whom we have given the right to vote are
inclined to vote the Republican ticket, is there
any special reason why they should not be
organized into Union leagues? Is there any-
thing wrong, politically or morally, in the Dem-
ocrats of this country organizing into a Dem-
ocratic party and maintaining that organiza-
tion, keeping it efficient. If there is no wrong
in that, there is no wrong in having the loyal
men of the South, black and white, organized
into Union leagues or any other leagues in
order to support liberty and loyalty at the
South ; and it matters little who do it. It may
be done by the agents of this bureau or by
anybody else. They have just as good a right
to their political opinions and to exercise their
political rights as anybody else.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President., I did
not intend to add another word to what I said
on this bill, and I would not say a word now
except for some of the remarks of the Senator
from New Hampshire, who alwaj's expresses
himself as he intends, exactly, correctly, and,
as I will add, very beautifully. But, sir, he
says that I ought to hold that the Johnson
governments were illegal.
I have had occasion to express my views upon
that subject here somewhat elaborately; and
briefly to restate them now, they are about as
follows: I do not believe that the people of
any State can destroy their State government,
because that State government is a part of the
Federal Union and organization. The gov-
ernment of the State of Indiana is a portion
of the property of the Union, for the reason
that in its organization it is a part of the Union.
I do not believe that the ordinance of secession
of any State could have the legal effect of de-
stroving the State governments. I think the
ordinance of secession was simply null and
void in a legal point of view. I think that the
war did not have the effect to destroy the State
governments and separate them from the
Union for the reason that the war failed in its
purpose. If the war made by the confederacy
of the South had been a success, and the gov-
ernment of the South had become established
at the close of the war, the question would
have been a very different one.
I do not believe that Andrew Johnson pos-
sessed any power to establish a State govern-
ment. I do not understand that he claimed
that he had any such power. He claimed that
under the Constitution he had the right to aid
the people in the ssuthern States in bringing
about their practical relations to the Govern-
ment of the United States. If I understood
the doctrine of Mr. Lincoln, as expressed in
his proclamations, I occupy about that ground:
that the result of the war was to disturb the
practical relations of the State governments
with the Federal Union, and that all that was
to be done at the close of the war was to restore
those practical relations. The States were not
gone; their organizations were not destroyed;
but their practical relations to the Union were
disturbed. But those practical relations were
to be restored, and that was the purpose of Mr.
Lincoln in the proclamations which he drew
up ; not to make new State governments, but
to restore the practical relations of the south-
ern States with the Union. When the people
of the South, by voting for delegates and holding
conventions, accepted the plan proposed by Mr.
Johnson, the act of the people m thus adopting
the proposition gave for the first time force and
validity to that proposition. I do not believe
that President Johnson could make a State
constitution—could add to a State constitution
or take from a State constitution any more than
I do not believe that Congress yesterday had
a right to make a State constitution for the State
of Alabama against the vote of the people.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to put him one short question?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I would like to finish
what I have to say in reply to the Senator from
New Hampshire, andthenl will yield the floor.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. Mr.
President 
Mr. HEND RICKS. I will yield to the Sen-
ator from Michigan if he wishes, of course, or
to either Senator ; but I prefer to go on.
Mr. HOWARD. I merely wish to put a
question to the honorable Senator. Under the
doctrine which he now announces to the Sen-
ate, how did it happen that Mr. Johnson was
clothed with authority to proscribe a large por-
tion of the rebels in the southern States in his
North Carolina proclamation by way of defin-
ing the right of suffrage ? Had he that power
under the Constitution, or had he not?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly, I think he
has not. I do not think the President has that
power any more than Congress has; I do not
think either has it. I think the power to regu-
late the suffrage is given to the people of the
States in express terms by the Constitution,
and especially in the elections to the most
numerous branch of the Legislature, which
Congress undertook to regulate by the recon-
struction acts. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire, I believe, desired to ask a question. I
will hear him before I proceed further.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
rise merely to ask a question in order that the
Senator may direct his remarks to the particu-
