1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
533
Laws of the United States.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
the demand of any revenue officer, every dis-
tiller, rectifier, or compounder of spirits shall
furnish strong, safe, and convenient ladders of
sufficient length to enable the officer to examine
and gauge any vessel or utensil in such dis-
tillery or premises ; and shall, at all times when
required, supply all assistance, lights, ladders,
tools, staging, or other things necessary for
inspecting the premises, stock, tools, and appa-
ratus belonging to such person, and-shall open
all doors, and open for examination all boxes,
packages, aiul all casks, barrels, and other
vessels not under the control of a revenue offi-
cer in charge, under a penalty of five hundred
dollars for every refusal or neglect so to do.
Sec. 34. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be lawful for any revenue officer, and
any person acting in his aid, to break up the
ground on any part of the distillery or prem-
ises of a distiller, rectifier, or compounder-of
liquors, or any ground adjoining or near to
such distillery or premises, or any wall or par-
tition thereof, or belonging thereto, or other
place, to search for any pipe, cock, private
conveyance, or utensil; and upon finding any
such pipe or conveyance leading therefrom or
thereto, he may break up any ground, house,
wall, or other place through or into which
such pipe or other conveyance shall lead, and
break or cut away such pipe or other convey-
ance, and turn any cock, or examine whether
such pipe or other conveyance may convey or
conceal any mash, wort, or beer, or other
liquor which may be used for distillation of
low wines or spirits from the sight or view of
the officer, so as to prevent or hinder him
from taking a true account thereof.
Sec. So. And be it further enacted, That no
malt, corn, grain, or other material shall be
mashed, nor any mash, wort, or beer brewed
or made, nor any still used by a distiller at
any time between the hour of eleven in the
afternoon of any Saturday and the hour of
one in the forenoon of the next succeeding
Monday ; and any person who shall violate the
provisions of this section shall be liable to a
penalty of one thousand dollars.
Seo. 36. And be, it further enacted, That all
distilled spirits found elsewhere than in a dis-
tillery or distillery warehouse, not having been
removed therefrom according to law, shall be
forfeited to the United States. And in case
of the seizure of any distilled spirits found
elsewhere than in a distillery, distillery ware-
house. or other warehouse for distilled spirits
authorized by law, or in the store or place of
business of a rectifier, or of a wholesale liquor
dealer, or of a compounder of liquors, or in
transit from any one of said places; and in
case of the seizure of any distilled spirits found
in anyone of the places aforesaid, or in transit
therefrom, which shall not have been received
into or sent out therefrom in conformity to
law, or in regard to which any of the entries
required by law to be made in the books of
lhe owner of such spirits or of the store-
keeper, wholesale dealer, rectifier, or com-
pounder, have not been made at the time or
in the manner required, or in respect to which
the owner or person having possession, con-
trol, or charge of said spirits shall have omitted
to do any act required to be done, or shall
have done or committed any act prohibited in
legard to said spirits, the burden of proof
shall be upon the claimant of said spirits to
show that no fraud has been committed, and
that, all the requirements of the law in relation
to the payment of the tax have been complied
villi. And any person who shall remove, or
shall aid or abet in the removal of any distilled
spirits on which the tax has not been paid, to
a. place other than the distillery warehouse
provided by law, or who shall conceal or aid
in the concealment of any spirits so removed,
or who shall remove or shall aid or abet in the
removal of any distilled spirits from any dis-
tillery warehouse, or other warehouse for dis- I
tilled spirits authorized by law, in any manner I
other than is provided by law, or who shall
conceal, or aid in the concealment of any
spirits so removed, shall be liable to a penalty
of double the tax imposed on such distilled
spirits so removed or concealed, and shall, on
conviction, be fined not less than two hundred
dollars nor more than five thousand dollars,
and imprisoned not less than three months
nor more than three years.
Sec. 37. And be it further enacted, That no
person shall remove any distilled spirits at any
other time than after sun-rising and before
sun-setting, in any cask or package containing
more than ten gallons from any premises or
building in which the same may have been dis-
tilled, redistilled, rectified, compounded, manu-
factured, or stored, and every person who shall
violate this provision shall be liable to a pen-
alty of one hundred dollars for each cask, bar-
rel, or jpackage of spirits so removed: and
said spirits, together with any vessel contain-
ing the same, and any horse, cart, boat, or
other conveyance used in the removal thereof,
shall be forfeited to the United States.
Seo. 38. Andbeit further enacted, That any
person who shall add or cause to be added any
ingredient or substance to any distilled spirits,
before the tax imposed by law shall have been
paid thereon, for the purpose of creating a
fictitious proof, shall, on conviction, be fined
not less than one hundred dollars nor more
than one thousand dollars for each cask or
package so adulterated, and imprisoned not
less than three months nor more than two years,
and every such cask or package, with its con-
tents, shall be forfeited to the United States.
Seo. 39. Andbeit further enacted, That any
person who shall evade or attempt to evade
the payment of the tax on any distilled spirits,
in any manner whatever, shall forfeit and pay
double the amount of the tax so evaded or
attempted to be evaded ; and any person who
shall change or altet any stamp, mark, or brand
on any cask or package containing distilled
spirits, or who shall put into any cask or pack-
age spirits of greater strength than is indi-
cated by the inspection mark thereon, or who
shall fraudulently use any cask or package
having any inspection mark or stamp thereon
for the purpose of selling other spirits or
spirits of quantity or quality different from the
spirits previously inspected therein, shall for-
feit and pay the sum of two hundred dollars
for every cask or package on which the stamp
or mark is so changed or altered, or which is
so fraudulently used, and, on conviction, shall
be fined for each such offense not less than one
hundred dollars nor more than one thousand
dollars, and imprisoned not less than one
month nor more than one year.
Sec. 40. And be it further enacted, That any
person who shall knowingly use any false
weights or measures in ascertaining, weighing,
or measuring the quantities of grain, meal, or
vegetable materials, molasses, beer, or other
substances to be used for distillation, or who
shall destroy, break, injure, or tamper with
any lock or seal which niEiy be placed on any
cistern-room or building, by the duly author-
ized officers of the revenue, or shall open said I
lock or seal, or the door to such cistern-room
or building, or shall in any manner gain access
to the contents therein in the absence of the
proper officer, shall, on conviction, be fined
not. less than five hundred dollars nor more
than five thousand dollars, and imprisoned not
less than one year nor more than three years ;
and any person who shall use any molasses,
beer, or other substance, whether fermented
on the premises or elsewhere, for the purpose
of producing spirits, before an account for the
same shall have been registered in the proper
record-book provided for that purpose, shall
forfeit and pay the sum of one thousand dol-
lars for each and every offense so committed.
Seo. 41. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be lawful for any internal revenue officer
to detain any cask or p-iolcnge containing, or
supposed to contain, distilled spirits, wheii
such officer has reason to believe the tax
imposed by law upon the same has not beerr
paid, or that the same i^s being removed in
violation of law; and every such cask or
package may be held by such officer at a safe
place until it shall be determined whether the
property so detained is liable by law to be pro-
ceeded against for forfeiture ; but such sum-
mary detention shall not continue in any case
longer than forty-eight hours, without process
of law or intervention of the officer to whom
such detention is to be reported.
Seo. 42. And be it further e,no,cted, That no
distillery nor distilling apparatus seized for
any violation of law shall be released to the
claimant or any intervening party before
judgment, except in case of a distillery for
which the special tax has been paid, and which
has a registered producing capacity of one
hundred and fifty proof gallons, or more, per
day, on showing by sufficient affidavits that
there are hogs or other live stock, not less than
fifty head in number, depending for their feed
on the products of said distillery which would
suffer injury if the business of such distillery
.is stopped ; such distillery in that case may-be
released to the claimant, or any other inter-
vening party, at the discretion of the court, on
a bond to be given and approved in open court
with two or more sureties for the full appraised
value of all the property seized, which value
shall be ascertained by three competent ap-
praisers to be designated and appointed by the
court. In case of the seizure of and judgment
of forfeiture against any distillery used or fit
for use in the production of distilled spirits
having a registered producing capacity of less
than one hundred and fifty gallons per day, or
of any distillery for the non-payment of the
special tax, the still, stills, doubler, worm,
worm-tub, and all mash-tubs and fermenting-
tubs shall be so destroyed as to prevent the
use of the same or any part thereof for the
purpose of distilling ; and the materials shall
be sold as in case of other forfeited property.
Seo. 43. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of every person who empties
or draws off, or causes to be emptied or drawn
off, any distilled spirits from a cask or package
bearing any mark, brand, or stamp required
by law, at the time of emptying such cask or
package, to efface and obliterate said mark,
stamp, or brand. Any such cask or package
from which said mark, brand, and stamp is
not so effaced and obliterated, as herein re-
quired, shall be forfeited to the United States,
and may be seized by any officer of internal
revenue wherever found. Any railroad com-
pany or other transportation company, or per-
son, who shall receive or transport, or have in
possession with'intent to transport, or with
intent to cause or procure to be transported,
any such empty cask or package, or any part
thereof, having thereon any brand, mark, or
stamp, required by law to be placed on any
cask or package containing distilled spirits,
shall forfeit three hundred dollars for each
such cask or package, or any part thereof, so
received or transported, or had in possession
with the intent aforesaid; and any boat, rail-
road car, cart, dray, wagon, or other vehicle,
and all horses or other animals used in carry-
ing or transporting the same, shall be forfeited
to the United States. Any person who shall
fail or neglect to efface and obliterate said
mark, stamp, or brand at the time of empty-
ing such cask or package, or who shall reeeive
any such cask or package, or any part thereof,
with the intent aforesaid, or who shall trans-
port the same, or knowingly aid or assist
therein, or who shall remove any stamp pro-
vided by this act from any cask or package
containing or which had contained distilled
spirits, without defacing and destroying the
same at the time of such removal, or who shall
aid or assist therein, or who shall have in his
possession any such stamp so removed, as
