4082
THE CONGKESSIOUAL GLOBE.
July 15,
ing. Hill, Holman, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Bicnard X>. Hubbard, Ilulburd, Humphrey, John-
son, Thomas L. Jones, Kelley. Ket^ham. Lincoln,
Loan, Lynch, Marvin, McCormick, McCullough,
Morrell, jtfewcomb, Niblack, Nunn, Pike, PoJsiey,
Price, Pruyn, llandail, Rnum, Robertson, llobinson,
Roots, Ross, Sawyer, Scheuck, Selye, Shellabarger,
Sitgreaves, Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart, Taife, John
Trimble. Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Van
Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, John T.
Wilson, Windom, Wood, and Woodward—84.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Wasiiburne, of Illinois, to add to the bill
the following:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Interior, the chief justice of theoupreme
court of the District of Columbia, the Surgeon Gen-
eral of the Army, the chief of the Bureau of Medical
Surgery of the Navy, and the chief engineer of the
Army, shall constitute a commission, which shall be
known and designated as the " Commission of Chari-
ties tor the District of Columbia."
Sec. —. And beit further enacted, That the said com-
mission shall organize immediately upon thepa^sago
of this act, and the Secretary of the Interior shall be
the president thereof, and ho shall designate as sec-
retary of the snid commission a clerk of his Depart-
ment, who is of the iouvth class, and who shall keep
n record of all the proceedings and transactions of
tbo said commission.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That the snirt
commission shall have the lull control and direction
of all the appropriations made by Congress to the
charitable institutions of the said District of Colum-
bia, and of all such appropriations as may bo made
for the purposes of charity in the said District, and
shall have tho powor of visitation and examination
of all the institutions in the said District, to the
support of which appropriations shall bo made by
Congress. No money shall be drawn Irom theappro-
£ nations made to the charitablo institutions of the
'istrict, or for the purposes of charity in said Dis-
trict, except iipon the requisition of the president of
the commission, made upon an order of the commis-
sion, duly entered in the journal of their proceedings,
and all the accounts of the said commission shall be
audited by the First Auditor of the^ Treasury. And
it is hereby provided that the provisions of this act
ahall not be deemed to include the Government hos-
pital lor the insane in the District of Columbia.
Sec.—. And be it farther rnacted, That no money
shall be expended for the Columbia Institution for
the Deaf and Dumb, for the Columbia Hospital for
Women and Lying-in Asylum, and lor the Provi-
dence Hospital, until the title to the property, real
and personal, of such institutions shall be transferred
to the United States by conveyances, certilied as
being valid by the Attorney General of tho United
States, and conveying all the right, title, and interest
of the said institutions in the property conveyed.
SftC.—. And beit further enacted, That it shall be
the duty of the said commission to inako a full
report to Congress, at the December session of each
year, of all its transactions and of all the expendi-
tures made under its direction, together with a state-
ment of the condition of the charitable institutions
of tho District for which appropriations shall have
been pievionMy nnule, and which shall have been
expended under its direction.
Mr. SPALDING. Is that debatable?
The SPEAKEll. It is not, the previous
question having been ordered.
Mr. SPALDING. The Committee on Ap-
propriations do not recommend these amend-
ments.
Mr. WASHBUUNE, of Illinois. Does the
gentleman objoct to the amendment?
Mr. SPALDING. I do, and the majority
of the committee object to it.
Mr. STE V15NS. of Pennsylvania. I ask the
gentleman if he will allow me to have a paper
Mr. WASHBURNB, of Illinois. I should
be glad to have this matter open to debate.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Oh, no ;
the gentleman has not heard me through.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. IobjecLto
debate unless I can have a chance.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman has debated it more than any one else.
Mr. WASHBUUNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was takpn : and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 63, nays 71, not voting
CO ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Ames, Axtell, BtiIcv, Baker,
Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Boutwell, Bromwell,
Buekland, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake, Cary. Church-
ill, Sidney Clai ke, Cobb, Cook, Covode, Culiom, De-
 , McClurg, Merrur.
Ortli, Paine, Pomeroy,
Randall, Robertson, Roots, Scolield, Shanks, Stokes,
Logan, Loughridge, McCarthy,
Moore, Morrell, Mullias,
Taylor, Trowbridge, Van Acrnam, Elihu B. Wneh-
burnc, William B. Washburn, Welker,Thomas Wil-
liams, William Williams, J allies F.Wilson, and John
T.Wilson-63.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Archer. Arnell, Delos
R. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Batnes, Beck, Blair,
Boles, Boyden, Boyer, Brooks, Dawes, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Driggs, JSokley, Eldridge, Fox, Garfield, Gloss-
brenncr, Golladay, Griswold, Hamilton, Iligby,
Hinds, Chester D. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Alexander H.Jones, ICelsey, Kerr, Kitchen, Knott,
Koontz, Loan, Mallory, Maynard, McKee, Miller,
Moorliead, Morrissey, Mungen, Myers, Niblack,
Nicholson, O'Neill, Perham, Peters, Phelps, Pike,
Pile, Plants, Poland, Kaum, Schcnck, Smith,
Spalding, Starkweather, Thaddeus Stevens, Stone,
Tabur, Thomas, Twicheli, Upson, Van Auken, Burt
Van Horn, Van Trump, Stephen F. Wilson, and
Woodbridge—71.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, JamesM.
Ashley, Barnurn, Beainan, Bingham, Blaine, Broom-
all, Bun*, Roderick R. Butler, Chanler. Reader W.
Clarke, Coburn, Cornell, Dowecse, Doekciy, Dodae,
Fgglcston, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferry, Finney, French,
llalsey, Harding, Hill, Jlolman. liooper, Asahel W.
Hubbard, RichardD. Hubbard,liulburd. Humphrey,
Johnson, Thomas L. Jone?, Kelloy, George V. Law-
rence, Lincoln, Lynch, Maishnll, Marvin, McCor-
mick, McCullough, iSewcomb, Nunn, Polsley. Price,
Pruyn, llobinson, Ros*, Sawyer,Sclye, Shelhibarger,
Sitgreaves, Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart, Taffe, John
Trimble, Lawrence S.Trimble, Robert X. Van llorn,
Van Wyck, Ward, CadwaladerC. Washburn, lloury
D. Washburn, Windom, Wood, and Woodward—0(5.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. WASHBUUNE, of Illinois. I move
that the bill be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. Before it has been ordered
to be engrossed ?
Mr. WASIIBURNU, of Illinois. Has the
bill been engrossed yet? 1 object to it if it
has not.
^ Mr. GARFIELD and Mr. MAYNARD called
for the yeas and nays on the motion to lay the
bill on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken j aud it was decided
in the negative—yeas -12, nays 8-1, not voting
74; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Bailey, Beatty, Benjamin,
Benton, Cake, Chuiehtll, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook,
Covode, Dockery, Ela, Ferris^, Fields Uolladay,
Grover, llaight, Hinds, Hopkins, llotch kiss, liulburd,
Hunter, Judd, Knott, Louxhridge, Marshall, Mc-
Carthy, Mereur, Moore, Muluns, Orth, Paine, Per-
ham, Pomeioy,Sawyer, Scotickl, Shanks.Tiowbridco,
Elihu B. Washbuine, William Vvilliams, and Jatuea
F. Wilson—42.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson.Archer,Arnell,DcIosR.
Ashley, Axt.ell, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Barnes,
Bingham. Blair, Boles, Boutwell, Boyer, Bromwell,
Brooks, Buekland. Cary, Dawi's, Dixon, Donnelly,
Eekley, illdrid^e, Kliot, Fox. Giulicld, Getz, Glo&s-
brenner, Gravely, 11 amilton.iligby, 11 ooper, Chester
D.llubbard, Richard D. Ilubi>ai d, Injun m>11, Jenckes,
Alexander 11. Jones. Julian, Kekoy, Kerr. Kofeham,
Kitchen, Koontz, George V. Lawrence, Malloiy,
Marvin, Ma>nard. McClurg. McKee, Miller, Moor-
head, Morriissey, Mungen, Myers, Niblack, Nichol-
son, O'iSeili, Peters, Phelps, Pike. Plants, Poland,
Randall, Raum, Roofs, Schenck, Smith, Spalding,
Starkwcathci, Tb addeusStc venp, Stokc.s, Stone, Taber,
Taylor,Thomas, Twichcll, Upson, Van Aornam. Van
Auken, Van Trump. William B. Washburn, Thomas
Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, and Woodbnd^e—-81.
NOT VOTliN G—Messrs. Adame, Allison, JamcsM.
Ashley, Barnum, Beainan, Beck, Blaine, Boyden,
Broomall, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick 31.
Butler, OhanKi, Header \V . Ctaikc, Coburn, Cornell,
Culiom. Delano, Dewcese. Dodge. Driggs, Eggles-
ton, Farnsworth, Ferry, Finney. Froncb, Griswold,
Halsey. Harding, Hawkins, Hill, Holman. Asahel
W.Hubbard,Humphrey, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones,
Kelley, Laliin, William Lawrence, Lincoln. Loan,
Logan, Lynch, McCormick, McCulloch, Morrell,
Newcomb, Nunru Pile, Polsley, Price, Piuyn, Rob-
ertson, llobinson. Rods, Selye, ShdUbarger. Sit-
gieaves. Aaron K.Stcvcns,Stewart, liiile.John rrim-
blc, Lawrence S. Tnmbie, Burt Van Horn, Robc-i t T.
Van llorn, Van W>ck, Ward,Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Heiuy D. Wnshbnrn, Welker. JohnT. Wilson,
Windom, Wood, and Woodwaid 7*1.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The question recurred upon ordering the
bill to be engrossed aud read a third time.
Mr. SPALDING and Mr. G ARK J ELD
called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Tho question was taken ; and it was decided
in the atlirmative—yeas 82, nays 35, not voting
93 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Arnell, Delos
B. Ashley, Baker. Baldwin, Banks. Barnes, Bock,
Binaham. Blair. Boles. Boutwell. Boyden, Boyer,
Brooks, Broomall, ltodoiiek 11. Butler, Oavy, Co-
burn, Dawes, Uixon, Donnelly, licklcy, Eklricke,
Eliot, Fox. Garfield, Gctz, Glossbrcnnor, Gravely,
IXigby Hinds, Hooper, Cluster I>. Hubbard, Rich-
ard D. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jenekcs, Kelsey, Kerr,
Kitchen, Kooiits, George V. Lawiencc, Mallory,
Marshall, Marvin, Maynard, MeCIurg, Muii.ee,
Miller, Mooriiead, Mnngen, Myers, Nicholson,
O'Meill, Perham, Peters, Phelps, Pilto, Plants. Po-
land, Kaum, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, lbuu-
deus Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Stone, Taber. Thomas.
Twichcll, Upson, Van Aernam, Van Auken. Burt van
Horn, Van Trump, Henry 1>. Wasliburn, William B.
Washburn, Thomas Williams, Stephen Jj\ Wilbon,
Windom, and Woodbridge—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Bailey, Beatty. Benjamin, Ben-
ton, Kidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Covode, Culiom,
Ferriss. J?ields, Golladay, Haiglit, Hamilton, Hoteh-
kiss. Hunter, Judd, Loan, Logan. Mereur, Moore,
Mullins, Orth, Paine, Pomeroy, llandail, Sawyer,
Seoliold, Shanks, Taylor, Trowbridge, Elihu B.
Washburne, William "Williams, James T. Wilson,
and John T.Wilson—35.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames,
JamesM. Ashley, Axtell. Barnum.Beaman, Blaine,
Bromwell. Buekland, Burr, Benjamin]?. Butler, (Jake,
Clianler. Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Cornell, De-
lano, Deweese, Dockery, Dodge, Driggs. Birgleston,
Kl;i, PaniFwortli, Ferry, i'inney, Prench, Griswold,
Grover, Halsey, Harding, Hawkins, Hill, llolman,
Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Ilulburd, Humphrey,
Johnson. Alexander H. Jones. Thomas L. Jones,
Julian, Kelley. Keteham, Knott. Laflin. William
Lawience, Lincoln, Lougbridgc, Lynclt, ^McCarthy,
McCormick, McCullough. Morrell, ISow-
comb, Niblack, Nunn, 1'ile, Polsley, Price, Pruyn,
liobertson, Kobinson, Boots, Ross, Sclienclc, Selye,
Sbcllabarger, Sitgrcavcs, Aaron Stevens, Tall'e,
John Trimble. Lawrence S. Trimble. Robert T. Van
Horn, Von "Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C.Washburn,
Welker, Wood, and Woodward—S3.
So the bill wus ordered to be engrossed for
a thiid reading.
Tiie question being on the third reading of
the bill,
Mr. WASHBUUNE, of Illinois. I call for
tho reading of the bill in full.
Tbo bill was read.
The question being oil the passage of the
bill,
Mr. SPALDING called for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. SPALDING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL STONED.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Unrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled a
bill of the following title; when the Speaker
signed (he same, namely:
An act (S. No. 507) relating to the Freed-
men's Bureau and providing for its discontin-
uance.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Goriiam,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate insisted
on it3 amendments to tho amendments of the
House to Senate bill No. 852, to authorize the
temporary supplying of vacancies in the Exec-
utive Departments, and agreed to the confer-
ence asked by tho House, and had appointed
Mr. Tutimbl'I.l, Mr. Edmukus, and Mr. Vick-
eiis, as the conferees on the part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
Senate requested the House to return to the
Senate lis resolution of concurrence in the re-
port of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on House
bill No. 818, making appropriations forsundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 18G9, and for other purposes,
for the purpose of making a motion to recon-
sider the same.
REPKESENTATIYU FBOJI NORTH CAROLINA.
Mr. SCIIENCK presented the credentials of
David ITeaton, claiming to be a liepresentative-
elect from the second district of North Caro-
lina; which were referred to the Committee of
Elections.
IMPROVEMENT OF MILWAUKEE IIARUOR.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following report
from the Committee oil Commerce; which was
laid on the table:
The Committee on Commerce, to whom was re-
ferred the memorial of the city el' AXilwaukoe for re-
