3058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
lar question I want answered. He says that
'President Johnson had a right to aid the people
of the South in reorganizing State governments
there. Now, I wish to know of him if their
meeting in convention and framing a consti-
tution of government established agovernment
there without the people'shaving adopted that
constitution? Was it not necessary that the
people of each State should vote upon the
constitution and accept or reject it in order
to make the action legal ? They did act in no
one of those States upon their constitutions
except in North Carolina, and there they re-
jected it. Now, I wish to know of him if
these governments were legal governments
without such action ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. In regard to North Caro-
lina I do not understand the facts as stated by
the Senator from New Hampshire. That a
State constitution ought to be adopted without
submission to the people I do not believe. I
think that the fundamental law of a State ought
to be agreed to by a vote of the people. I think
that is the proper policy to be adopted ; but
that they can, through delegates whom they
select, promulgate a constitution there is no
doubt. There are States now living under con-
stitutions thus adopted ; and I think I recollect
that the Senator from Pennsylvania stated that
the constitution now in force in the State of
Pennsylvania never was voted upon by the
people at all, but that it has its force by the
declaration of the convention that adopted it.
Mr. President, the Senator from New Hamp-
shire thinks that I did not have the right to
criticise the purpose of maintaining the loyal
leagues and organization among the people
through the instrumentality of the bureau, and
he says it is like the organization of the Dem-
ocratic party. In two respects it is very different.
The organization of the Democratic party is a
public organization: itsactionispublic; its pur-
poses arc proclaimed every where ; all the people
can see all that it does. There are no secret
movements in that party ; it is a public party,
whilethe loyal leagues, as Iunderstand: though
I am not very intimately acquainted with their
movements, arc secret organizations. In my
judgment, although to some extent this may
prevail in the parties of the country, it is not
defensible. I do not think that the political
fortunes of a free country ought ever to be
controlled by secret organizations. In respect
to that which affects only membership, men
may have secret organizations, and i find no
fault with them; but inasmuch as the Govern-
ment, its policy, its system of laws affects me
and all the citizens alike, it is right that the
consultations of the people in regard to that
Government and in regard to its policy should
be public. I do not think that a political
organization ought to be a secret organization.
But, further, if it be right to have political
organizations in secret, is it right for Congress
to maintain at the popular expense a bureau
that there may be agents in each neighborhood
to organize these secret political organizations?
Conceding that it be right, which I do not con-
cede, to organize the colored people of the
South into secret leagues, I deny the right of
the Senator from New Hampshire, I deny the
right of Congress, out of the public Treasuiy
to defray the expense of an army of political
organizers. If political organizations are to
be maintained, let the expense be borne by the
men that want to maintain them, and not out
of the public Treasury. *
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Mr. President, I will speak for a moment only
to the closing remarks of the Senator from In-
diana. He says that these Union leagues are
secret associations, and he does not believe in
the right of secret associations for political
purposes anywhere in any part of the country.
Now, sir, I know but very little about these
Union leagues ; but I believe that they are open
to any man who is willing to join them, and if the
gentleman is excluded it is because he excludes
himself and does not care to vote the ticket
which the Union leaguers vote, and that is the
only reason why he or anybody else is excluded.
And I presume that the Democratic party is
quite as exclusive as this. When the Demo-
cratic leaders meet to settle their policy I
think they would hardly admit to their secret
councils me or any Union Republican. So I
think they are quite as secret as these Union
leaguers; and if I am not greatly mistaken,
their present chief, the President of the United
States, is himself a member of one of these
leagues.
1 agree with the Senator fully in what he says
about the acts of secession. I do not suppose
that any act of secession can take a State out
of the Union ; I believe the effort to take the
States out by force of arms was an utter fail-
ure ; but I believe also that the old governments
which existed in the rebel States previous to
the war ceased actually to have any practical
existence. Will the gentleman pretend that
the State government of South Carolina which
was in existence during the war was a govern-
ment in this Union? No State government
can be a government within the Union without
it comes in by the action of Congress. The
State government of South Carolina was not
in the Union by any action of Congress, but it
was in existence in violation of the will of
Congress. That government and the leaders
of it spurned the flag and spit upon your Con-
stitution and bade defiance to the Government
of the Union. The people of South Carolina
expelled the courts of the Union, expelled the
custom-house officers, and all the authority of
the Union from the State; and so in the other
States. Now, does the gentleman pretend to.
say that those State governments, which were
the cle facto governments in those States, were
governments in the Union?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow
me ?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I say, in the language
of.Mr. Lincoln, that their practical relations
were, for the time being, disturbed. Now,
upon the argument of the Senator, I wish to
ask him a question. After the ordinance of
secession by the State of Virginia, and after
war was flagrant and Virginia in the war vvith
all the earnestness that she might command,
the Legislature of old Virginia elected two
Senators to this body and they were admitted.
If secession and war took the State out ot the
Union, how did those Senators thus elected
come to take their seats in this body?
Mr. DRAKli. By the consent of the body.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. Mr.
President, I will go back to the pointon which
I was speaking when the Senator from Indiana
interrupted me. He says that neither secession
nor war can take a State out of the Union.
Very well; but suppose that all the male voting
population in South Carolina were to die,
where would the government be?
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is rather an
exhaustive question. [Laughter.]
Mr. PATTERSON, ot' New Hampshire.
Very well, I will make it a practical question
for the gentleman. Suppose that the whole
male voting population ot South Carolina go
into rebellion and commit tieason against this
Government; they are politically dead, and are
in the same attitude precisely as they would
be, so far as the Government is concerned,
if they were actually dead. That was their
position, and they lost their right to vote by
their own action, and not by the action of the
Government.
The Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolit-
tle,] the other day went on to say that we had
deprived these men of the privilege ofvoting._
Sir, they deprived themselves of the privi-
lege of voting. He assumed that the pardon
of the President rehabilitated them vvith all
their political rights, and he quoted the opin-
ion of the Supreme Court of the United States
as proof of it. I suppose he understood per-
fectly well that the Chief Justice of the United
States aud three of the associate justices in the
case referred to took the ground that the par-
don of the President did not rehabilitate rebels
with the right of suffrage; it only freed theiii
from the penalties due to the violation .of the
law, the penalties due to treason, and did not
rehabilitate'them with political rights. _ If these
gentlemen have not the right to vote it is be-
cause they deprived themselves of it. Our
action has been generous; we have given the
right to vote to all the rebels except those who
added this violation of oath to their treason,
who committed perjury in addition to treason.
Mr. DAVIS addressed the Senate in oppo-
sition to the bill. [See Appendix.]
The bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersow, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (IT. It. No.
929) to provide for an American line of mail
and immigrant passenger steamships between
New York and one or more European ports.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (II. R. No. 929) to provide for an
American line of mail and immigrant passen-
ger steamships between New York and one
or more European ports was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
The bill (H. R. No. 066) to incorporate the
National Hotel/Company of Washington city
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee yn the District of Columbia.
POLITIC#! PIS ABILITIES 01' R. R. BUTLER.
Mr. TJuJMBULL. I move to take up House
tjllNo/870, to remove political disabilities from
Ifl^erfck It. Butler, of Tennessee.
Mr; POMEROY. Does the Senator pro-
pose to go on with the bill now, or merely to
have it taken up that it may be in order for
to-morrow ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it can be passed
in a very few minutes.
Mr. POMEROY. Very well.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, ,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. It. No. 870) to remove
political disabilities from Roderick R. Butler,
of Tennessee, the question being on the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to strike out all of the bill after the enact-
ing clause, and also to strike out the preamble,
and in lieu of the portion stricken out to insert
after the cnacting clause of the bill the follow-
ing words:
That all legal and political disabilities imposed by
the United States upon Roderick R. Butler, of Ten-
nessee, in consequence of participation in tho recent
rebellion, be, arid the same aie hereby, removed.
And thesaid Butler, on entering upon the discharge
of the duties of any office to which he has been or
may be elected or appointed, instead of the oath
piescribed bytheaetof July I8i>2, shall take and
subscribe the following oath: I, liodeiick It. Butler,
do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will support and
defend the Constitution of ttie United states against
all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear
true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take
this obligation freely, without any mental reserva-
tion or purpose of evasion, and that I wilt faithfully
discharge the duties of tho office on which 1 am
about to enter, so help me God.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the name of Mr. But-
ler the words "and all other persons.''
Mr. SAULSBURY. I suggest to my friend
to use this language: "or any other citizen of
the United States."
Mr. DAVIS. I accept that modification. I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 5, najs 28; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Davis, MeCreeiy, Patterson of Ten-
nessee. Sanlsbury, and Viekers—5.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Cole, Conness,
Cragin, Drake, ISdmunds. Fessencien, Frelinghuysen,
Ilarlan, II owe, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire. Pom-
eroy, Ramsey. Ross, Stewart, Simmer, Thayer, Tr um-
bull. Van Winkle, Wade, Willcy, Wiiliains, and
Wilson—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard. Buckalew, Cameron,
Chandler, Conkling, Corbett, Dixon, Dcolittlc, Ferry,
Fowler, Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard,
Johnson, Morton, Norton, Sherman, Sprague, Tip-
ton, and Yates—21.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
