1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3059
Mr. SAl) LSBURY, Mr. President, I al-
ways try to cultivate feelings of personal kind-
ness, friendship, and charity to every being
in the same piano of life. 1 do not intend to
occupy the attention of the Senate to-day; but
a voice comes to me from the ages of the past,
whispering that we should do those things
which look to charity. The high council of
the American nation is in session. They are
passing upon the acts, past, present, and pros-
pective, of the race to which they belong. The
voices are discordant. One voice is for hate
and enmity and animosity. Another voice
says, "Mingle with your excited feelings the
spirit of charity; remember the message which
went out from the plains of Bethlehem at mid-
night, 'Peace on earth, good will to men.'"
Senators, representatives of the great thought
and feeling of the American heart, you cannot
escape the conviction that you are subject to
religious influence, religious thought, and re-
ligious promptings, and in acting upon bills of
this kind bear in mind the injunction, " Do
( justly, love mercy, walk uprightly."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, during
the progress of the impeachment trial, in the
morning hour on one occasion I had advanced
part of the way through the record of this
gentleman as a member of the Legislature of
Tennessee under the confederate organization.
I was interrupted in my remarks by the expl-
ication of the morning hour, and the bill was
subsequently referred back to the Judiciary
Committee for the purpose of taking further
evidence in the case. The committee did
examine Mr. Butler, the gentleman named in
the bill, and one of his friends, with regard to
his conduct during the war, and particularly
with reference to his conduct upon two occa-
sions, on one of which he had made a present
of a pair of boots to a man who had killed
another, and on another had employed or
instigated a particular man to go through the
lines into the confederate territory for the pur-
pose of taking the life of another. This evi-
dence was reported to the Senate, and has
been printed, and it is all of an exculpatory
character. It was taken without cross-examin-
ation and without the presence of any person
opposed to Mr. Butler. It was, therefore,
necessarily ex parte in character, as most of
the testimony taken before our committees is.
I have read over this evidence, and have com-
pared it with the information which we have
in a document published by the House of Rep-
resentatives when the case was under consid-
eration in that body.
The general conclusion to which my mind
has come is that this man was for a period of
tune a secessionist; that he did render, and
did intend to render, aid and comfort to the
enemies of the United States ; that he changed
his intentions, and in the latter months of the
war took part on our side, and was concerned
in raising a military company, of which he
was commanding officer, although he was not
in actual service. Now, he is barred an
entrance into the lower House of Congress by
the iron clad oath prescribed by the act of
July 2, 1802. lie cannot be admitted as a
member of the House because he cannot take
the oath. What surprises me is that in all
the documents which are before us, in all the
evidence which is produced, he should attempt
to deny and to contradict and to overthrow
the imputation of his having been identified
with tiie enemies oi the United States, ahict
of which there is the most abundant proof, so
conclusive in its nature that I think no man
who peruses the documents with an impartial
mind can luivo any doubt whatever.
My attention w.is.lirst directed to this case
by reason of this circumstance: that a man
who went deliberately into the Legislature of
Tennessee and took ail oath to support the
government of t!|^confederate States, who
voted to raise and equip a military^organiza-
tion in that State ; who made a motion giving
the use of the legislative hall to the electoral
college who were to count votes for Jefferson
Davis; who voted to repudiate the indebted-
ness of the citizens of that State to northern
creditors ; who voted to move a bank and its
funds from a point where they would be liable
to be seized by us or to be diverted to the use
of the Federal cause; who voted in favor of
resolutions denouncing "the Lincoln despot-
ism," andasserting inthefaceof theworldthat
Tennessee would never give up the contest
against it, and who did many other things the
recital of which I shall not now weary the
Senate with—that he should appear here, and
in both Houses of Congress attempt to make
up for himself by parol evidence, by the testi-
mony of witnesses, by the strange, exaggerated
statements of men who are politically friendly
to him, a first rate loyal character.
I confess that I formed a very unfavorable
opinion of him because of this circumstance.
I would much rather vote to admit to Con-
gress a man who would frankly acknowledge
that he had committed an error and an offense
and would appeal to our generosity, to our
humanity and forbearance. I would listen to
such an appeal as that with some respect,
whether I assented to it or not; but upon the
face of the record it appeared that this man
himself had called witnesses to prove that he
had attempted to take human life in violation
of the laws of war; that he had employed a
man to go through the military lines into the
enemy's country and take life independent of
any authorized and allowable military opera-
tion ; and that on another occasion, where life
had been taken in an unlawful manner, he made
a present (to be sure of only a pair of boots)
to the man who had committed the deed.
It is said that there was an extraordinary
state of things in Eastern Tennessee ; that vio-
lence and outrage were the order of the time,
and that acts of this kind are to be excused
because they were acts of retaliation. Sir, I
do not admit this plea. I do not admit that
because murders have been committed upon
my party, or upon my friends, I am authorized
to commit murder in return, or to encourage
its commission by others. If retaliation is to
be resorted to, it must be done under author-
ity of some officer authorized lawfully to com-
mand, and who will proceed upon the stern
necessity of the case with strict regard to mil-
itary rules, and be responsible to his Govern-
ment and to the world for what he orders to
be done.
In this supplementary testimony, taken before
the Judiciary Committee, an explanation was
given of Mr. Butler's votes in the Legislature,
and the explanation was, that whereas certain
citizens of Eastern Tennessee had burned
bridges for the purpose of aiding the Federal
cause, and were for that alleged offense taken to
Nashville and confined in prison, it was expe-
dient for Butler to go into the confederate Legis-
late re and vote there like a first-rate confederate
against us, and put himself upon the records in
the manner I have described. I looked a little
into that. Asithappened, one man concerned
iu the destruction of those bridges, a loyal man,
according to the parlance of the times, was in
Washington city, and I ascertained from him
the date of that event. His statement was cor-
roborated by that of others ; but it was itself
conclusive. He was undoubtedly one of the
principal pefsons engaged in the enterprise.
That occurred on the 9th day of November,
1801. This fact disposes of the excuse made
for Butler, because the Legislature met early
in October, and then he took upon his con-
science the oath to support the confederacy,
and followed it up from time to time by dis-
loyal votes, staying there openly, in the face
of alt the people of ^Tennessee, and of 11 all
the people of the United States,too, as a
member of the enemy's law making power.
These bridges were not burned for a month
afterward, on the 9th of November, and yet this
paltry excuse, that he did all this, that he par-
ticipated in the proceedings of that Legislature^
in order to make favor and strengthen himself
that he might assist the Union prisoners in
Nashville, is presented here for oar considera-
tion.
Again, in that supplemental testimony, he
states that although he gave a vote upon par-
ticular resolutions, (those hostile to peace on
any terms,) he afterward, in company with
another member, endeavored to change his
vote. The natural conclusion to be drawn
from the evidence would be, that having given
that vote under the pressure of patriotic ne-
cessity, as soon as the emergency passed he
endeavored to rectify his action and resume
his position as a Union man. I have looked
at the record of that Legislature. No snch
motion was made by him at or about that
time. He continued to sit in the Legislature
down until about the middle of February. It
assembled early in October, and continued in
session until about the middle of February.
These bridges were burned on the 9 th of Novem-
ber ; and the transaction in regard to the
prisoners must have taken place in a month or
two afterward. Subsequent to their discharge
he continued to serve in the Legislature.
After the fall of Fort Donelson, iu a panic,
the Legislature adjourned and went to Mem-
phis. What was the state of things then?
Our armies were advancing. Triumph was
beginning to come to our cause. The state of
things were changing in Tennessee. Every
loyal heart in that state beat with enthusiasm.
But what did Butler do? Withdraw himself
from the Legislature? No; he appears upon
the record making motions or voting with
regard to the adjournment of the Legislature
to another plaec of greater security.
This fugitive Legislature went to Memphis ;
and what next? He turns up there again as a
member of" it. He gave votes there on the
18th and 19th days of March. In his testi-
mony he says he did not go to Memphis; he
avoided going there until some time in May,
when, under a particular state of facts, he just
went there and made his obeisance and hur-
ried away as quick as he could. Sir, there was
no session, so far as I can discover, in the
month of May; but lie was there in March,
pretty soon after the Legislature transferred
its sittings from Nashville to that place ; and
there his votes were recorded upon the journal,
and his name also appears in the roll of the
members entitled to pay for faithful attend-
ance.
The State of Tennessee requires an oath of
every candidate for Congress similar to that
which we require when an applicant for a seat
is sworn in. This man went forward and took
that oath. He swore that he had not yielded
aid and comfort to the enemies of the United
States, nor taken any part against us. I am
indisposed to admit him into Congress iu the
face of that fact. If he took that oath truly and
justly the House of Representatives can admit
him without asking us to assent, to the passage
of this bill. If he was authorized honorably to
take that oath as a candidate under the law of
Tennessee he can be admitted into the House
of Representatives without question. They can
permit him to take it over again, or take an
oath substantially the same, and no appeal need
be made to us for our assistance to relieve him
from any disabilities under existing laws.
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Yes, sir.
Mr. NYE. I want the honorable Senator to
tell the Senate why he did not object in the
case of Mr. Pattersos, who swears liiuiseH that
he took the oath of allegiance to that govern-
ment and swore to execute its laws? I should
like to know why the Senator did not make the
same objection to letting him in?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I regret that the Sen-
ator was not present on a former occasion when
I discussed this subject and drew the distinc-
tion between the two cases broadly and clearly.
Mr. NYE. One served as a legislator, and
the other as a judge and took the oath. I do
not see the difference myself.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I am not anxious to put
