536
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 20,
40th Cong-....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
or wine gallons and of proof gallons ; and [the J
amount of the tax on such spirits shall be veri-
fied by the oath or affirmation of the owner of
the spirits, and that the tax has been paid
thereon, and that they are truly intended to be
exported to the port of , and not to be re-
landed within the limits of the United States;
and said owner shall give his bond executed
in duplicate, with one or more sureties satis-
factory to sard collector, conditioned that the
principal named in said bond will export the
spirits as specified in said entry to the port of
 , and that the same shall not be landed
within the jurisdiction of the United States.
The penal sum named in said bond shall be
equal to not less than double the amount of
the drawback on such spirits. For the dis-
charge of any such export bond the same time
shall be allowed, and the same certificates of
landing and other evidence shall be required
as is or may be provided and required for im-
ported merchandise exported from the United
States, that the said spirits have been landed at
the port named, or at any other port, beyond
the jurisdiction of the United States. One bill
of lading, duly signed by the master of the ves-
sel, shall be deposited with said collector, to be
filed at his office with the entry retained by
him; one of said entries shall be, when the ship-
ment is completed, transmitted, with the dupli-
cate of the bond, to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, to be recorded and filed in his office. The
lading on board said vessel shall be only after
the receipt of an order or permit signed by the
collector of customs and directed to a customs
gauger, and after each cask or package shall
have been distinctly marked or branded, by
said gauger, as follows: "Forexport from U.
S. A." 1 he casks or packages shall be inspected
andguaged alongside of or on the vessel by the
gauger, designated by said collector, under such
rules and regulations as the Secretary of the
Treasury may prescribe; and on application
of the said collector, it shall be the duty of the
surveyor of the port to designate and direct
one of the custom-house inspectors to super-
intend such shipment. The gauger, as afore-
said, shall make a full return of such inspect-
ing and gauging, certifying thereon that the
shipment has been made in his presence, on
board the vessel named in the entry for export,
which, return shall be indorsed by said custom-
house inspector, certifying that the casks or
packages have been shipped under his super-
vision on board said vessel; and the said in-
spector shall make a similar certificate to the
surveyor of the pox't, indorsed on, or to be
attached to, the entry in possession of the
custom-house: Provided, however, That no
claim for drawback shall be allowed on either
of the said articles which shall have been ex-
ported as aforesaid prior to the time at which
this act shall take effect.
Sec. 56. And be it further enacted, That all
distilled spirits in any bonded warehouse shall
within nine months after the passage of this
act be withdrawn from such warehouse, and
the taxes paid on the same ; and the casks or
packages containing said spirits shall be marked
and stamped and be subject in all respects to
the same requirements as if manufactured
after the passage of this act. And any dis-
tilled spirits remaining in any bonded ware-
house for a period of more than nine months
after the passage of this act shall be forfeited
to the United States, and shall be sold or dis-
posed of for the benefit of the same in such
manner as shall be prescribed by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury.
And whenever in the opinion of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue any distillery or
other warehouse shall become unsafe or unfit
for use, or the merchandise therein shall for
any reason be liable to loss or great wastage,
the Commissioner may discontinue such ware-
house, and require that the merchandise therein
shall be transferred to such other warehouse
as may be designated by him within such time
as he shall prescribe. Such transfer shall be
made under the supervision of the collector,
or such other officer as may be designated by
the Commissioner; and the expense thereof
shall be paid by the owner of the merchan-
dise ; and if the owner of such merchandise
shall fail to make such transfer within the
time prescribed, or to pay the just and proper
expense of such transfer, as ascertained and
determined by the Commissioner, such mer-
chandise may be seized and sold by the col-
lector, in the same manner as goods are sold
upon distraint for taxes, and the proceeds of
such sale shall be applied to the payment of the
taxes due thereon and the costs and expenses
of such sale and removal, and the balance paid
over to the owner of such merchandise.
Sec. 57. And be it further enacted, That
any person owning, or having in his possession,
any distilled spirits intended for sale, exceed-
ing in quantity fifty gallons, and not in a
bonded warehouse at the time when this act
takes effect, shall immediately make a return,
under oath, to the collector of the district
wherein such spirits may be held, stating the
number and kind of packages, together with
the marks and brands thereon, and the place
where the same are stored, together with the
quantity of spirits, as nearly as the owner can
determine the same. Upon the receipt of such
return the collector, being first satisfied that
the tax on said spirits has been paid, shall
immediately cause the same to be gauged and
proved by an internal revenue gauger, who
shall mark, by cutting, the contents and proof
on each cask or package containing five wine
gallons or more, and shall affix and cancel an
engraved stamp thereon, which stamp shall be
as follows:
Stamp for stock on hand.
Issued by .
No. -
Collector of—
Distilled spirits,
engrave the date
 proof gallons.
- district, State of .
Tax paid prior to (here
when this takes effect,)
Gauged ——, 18—.
 , Ganger.
All distilled spirits owned or held by any
person, as aforesaid, shall be included in the
same return, and the gauging shall be continu-
ous until all the spirits owned or held by such
person are gauged and stamped, as aforesaid,
and a report thereof in duplicate shall imme-
diately be made by the gauger to the collector
and assessor of the district showing the number
of packages, contents, and proof of each pack-
age gauged and stamped, and one of said
reports shall be transmitted by the collector to
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue. No
such spirits shall be gauged or stamped in any
cistern or other stationary vessel. Any person
owning, or having in possession, such spirits
and refusing or neglecting to make such return
shall forfeit the same; and all distilled spirits
found, after thirty days from the time this act
takes effect, in any cask or package containing
more than five gallons, without having thereon
each mark and stamp required therefor by this
act, shall be forfeited to the United States.
Any person who shall gauge, mark, or stamp
any cask or package of distilled spirits under
the provisions of this section, orwho shall cause
or procure the same to be done, knowing that
the same were manufactured or removed from
warehouse subsequent to the taking effect of
this act, or that the taxes thereon have not been
paid, shall, on conviction, be fined not less
than five hundred dollars nor more than five
thousand dollars, and imprisoned not less than
six months nor more than three years. All
stamps required by this section shall be pre-
pared, issued, and affixed upon casks and pack-
ages and canceled in the same manner as pro-
vided for other stamps for distilled spirits in
this act, and shall be charged at the rate of
twenty-five cents for each stamp.
. Sec. 58. And be it further enacted, That all
distilled spirits forfeited to the United States
sold by order of court or under process of dis-
traintshall be sold subject to.tax; and the pur-
chaser shall immediately, and' before he takes
possession of said spirits, pay the tax thereon.
And any distilled spirits condemned before the
passage of this act, and in the possession of
the United States, shall be sold as herein pro-
vided. And if any tax-paid stamps are affixed
to any cask or package so condemned, such
stamps shall be obliterated and destroyed by
the collector or marshal after forfeiture and
before such sale.
Sec. 59. And be it further enacted, That the
following special taxes shall be, and are hereby,
imposed, that is to say:
Distillers producing one hundred barrels, or
less, of distilled spirits, counting forty gallons
of proof-spirits to the barrel, within the year,
shall each pay four hundred dollars; and if
producing more than one hundred barrels, shall
pay in addition four dollars for each such bar-
rel produced in excess of one hundred barrels.
And monthly returns of the number of barrels
of spirits, as before described, distilled by him,
shall be made by each distiller in the same
manner as monthly returns of sales are made,
livery person who produces distilled spirits, or
who brews or makes mash, wort, or wash fit
for distillation or for the production of spirits,
or who by any process of vaporization separates
alcoholic spirit from any fermented substance,
or who making or keeping inash, wort, or wash,
lias also in his possession or use a still, shall
be regarded as a distiller: Provided, That a
like tax of four dollars on each barrel, counting
forty gallons of proof-spirits to the barrel, shall
be assessed ana collected from the owner of
anydistilled spirits which may be in any bonded
warehouse at the date of the taking effect of
this act, to be paid whenever the same shall be
withdrawn from such warehouse, under the
provisions of the sixty-second [fifty-sixth] sec-
tion of this act: Provided, That no tax shall
be imposed for any still, stills, or other appa-
ratus used by druggists and chemists for the
recovery of alcohol for pharmaceutical and
chemical or scientific purposes which has been
used in those processes.
Rectifiers of distilled spirits, rectifying, puri-
fying, or refining two hundred barrels or less
of distilled spirits, counting forty gallons of
proof-spirits to the barrel, within the year, shall
each pay two hundred dollars, and shall pay
fifty cents for each such barrel produced in
excess of two hundred barrels. And monthly
returns of the quantity and proof of all the
spirits purchased and of the number of barrels
of spirits, as before described, rectified, puri-
fied, or refined by him, shall be made by each
rectifier in the same manner as monthly returns
of sales are made. Every person who rectifies,
purifies, or refines distilled spirits or wines by
any process, and every wholesale or retail liquor
dealer or compounder of liquors who has in his
possession any still or leach-tub, or who shall
keep any other apparatus for the purpose of
refining in any manner distilled spirits, shall
be regarded as a rectifier.
Compounders of liquors shall each pay
twenty-five dollars. Every person who, with-
out rectifying, purifying, or refining distilled
spirits, shall, by mixing such spirits, wine, or
other liquor with any materials, manufacture
any spurious, imitation, or compound liquors,
for sale under the name of whisky, brandy,
gin, rum, wine, spirits, cordials, or wine bit-
ters, or any other name, shall be regarded as
a compounder of liquors.
Retail dealers in liquors shall pay twenty-
five dollars. Every person who shall sell or
offer for sale foreign or domestic spirits, wine,
ale, beer, or other malt liquors, and whose
annual sales, including all sales of other mer-
chandise, do not exceed twenty-five thousand
dollars, shall be regarded as a retail dealer in
liquors.
