3060
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
in the Globe a repetition of my former argu-
ment upon that very point to show what an
essential difference there was in the two eases ;
and yet in that former case, which appealed to
us strongly for indulgence and favor, the House
of Representatives refused to pass just such a
bill as this when it was sent over to them for
their approval. In this case Butler took a
political office and acted as a member of the
Legislature of Tennessee in all those trying
times in the early part of the war when the
position of his State was most important. In
the case of Senator Patterson, he held a judi-
cial office, or rather he continued to hold it.
Mr. NYE. I beg your pardon; he was
elected to it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I say he held it before,
and at the instance of the Union men he was
reelected and took this oath under duress,
accompanying it with a protest at the time.
Mr. NYE. I beg jour pardon.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Certainly, it all appears
in the record of his ease. Now, if the Sena-
tor will excuse me, I have heretofore spoken
fully on that whole matter, and 1 do not choose
to waste the time of the Seriate by going away
from the legitimate topics of this debate for
the purpose of relieving his mind of difficulty.
Mr. NYE. I want to ask you one more
question, and I have done.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I must decline.
Mr. NYE. It is the first time I have ever
asked you a question.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I must decline, be-
cause I know the Senate is impatient to con-
clude this subject, and I wish to finish my
argument.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania cannot be interrupted
without his consent.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Such as I have described
it is the case of this applicant. This bill is
for his relief from the disabilities imposed
upon him by our general legislation ; but in
my opinion he is entitled to no relief, and the
law should not be dispensed with in his favor.
Now, sir, I desire to call attention to another
case about which no inquiry is made of me in
this debate, and that is the case of a Repre-
sentative from the State of Kentucky, adjoin-
ing Tennessee, upon which we have full inform-
ation in a printed official document npon our
tables, published by order of the House of
Representatives. A man named John Young
Brown, at a particular period in the War, in
the State of Kentucky, when the people of that
State took the foolish idea into their hoa.ls of
maintaining a position of neutrality, made a
speech at a public meeting in which he threat-
ened resistance to those, North or South, who
should attempt to move Kentucky from the
position which it was proposed she should
assume. He said that he for one would resist
the entrance of Federal troops into that Slate.
It was a declaration of intention, a foolish and
improper speech, and doubtless lie regrets it
as much as other citizens of Kentucky regret
their connection with that movement of neu-
trality, which was temporary and soon died
out. It was impossible for the State to hold
any such position in the war.
Subsequent to that time John Young Brown,
in common with a large part of the people of
Kentucky, changed his position entirely, and
he was a Union man during the war and has
been since. He was elected to the House of
Representatives, and appeared there as a
claimant for a seat some months since. A re-
port was made to that House, which we had
furnished to us, setting forth all these facts.
The Committee on Elections reported to the
House that that was an unpatriotic speech;
that it was calculated to give aid and comfort
to the enemies of the United States, pronounced
as it was when the war had broken out, or was
about breaking out, and when the position of
Kentucky was materia! as between the parties
to the struggle. He was rejected by the House.
He was sent home. It was urged that he could
not take this oath prescribed by the act of July,
1862. He was returned to his constituents,
and they are without representation in the Hall
of the House. And this took place, without
any imputation upon his present political"posi-
tion or political views, so far as regards patri-
otism, or upon his conduct in the war subse-
quent to the delivery of his speech.
But here comes a bill from the House to per-
mit his neighbor over the line, in Tennessee,
to enter ihat House in spite of this oath; a
man with a record a thousand times worse
than his. He never did any act beyond mere
speech that can be tortured into unpatriotic
conduct, and that wasunderpurticular circum-
stances in Kentucky. No bill for his relief is
sent here. No resolution is proposed for our
acquiescence to enable him to take the oath
under the act of July, 18G2. But this man,
who sat in the Tennessee Legislature, and
whose career was such as I have described it,
is to be admitted by our consent and approval
in passing the pending bill. Sir, this course
of action is odious, unequal, and unjust. Can
there be any reason given why different treat-
ment should be extended to these two men
who come from adjoining States ? If there be
any reason in favor of either it. is in .favor of
the candidate for a seat from Kentucky ; and
yet it is proposed to discriminate in favor of
the candidate for admission from Tennessee.
How was it in the late case from Maryland
of a claim of membership in the Senate itself—
a ease where a father had given to his son the
sum of $100 when he was going forth from the
paternal mansion, as it appeared, to take part
in the confederate service. That case was so
well balanced, was so dubious in its facts, that
the Senate was almost equally divided in re-
gard to it as to whether Mr. Thomas should bo
admitted to take the oath and to take his seat
or not. A small majority of the Senate decided
that he should not be permitted to take the
oath, and he was turned away from our doors.
He was sent back to Maryland rejected, and
that State was compelled to select another
citizen to represent her in the Senate of the
United States. Was any bill proposed for his
relief, to remove from him any disability he
had incurred under our laws? Was he a man
less meritorious than the applicant who is now
before us? Was not his offense trifling, slight,
insignificant, compared with the offense of
taking a seat in a hostile Legislature, and
sanctioning by his presence and by his vote the
passage of measures to organize his State in
hostility to the Union?
Mr. President, I think it will be the part of
wisdom, certainly it will be fair, for the Senate
to refuse the passage of this bill, and to leave
the House of Representatives with regard to
the admission of Mr. Butler to stand precisely
where it took position in the ease of John
Young Brown, and precisely where the Senate
stood with regard to the admission of a Sena-
tor from the State of Maryland. If we pass
this bill we will have selected, in my judgment,
the worst one of the cases which have arisen
during the present session of Congress, in
either House, under the oath act of 1802; we
will have extended favor and indulgence where
wo should withhold them.
I have spoken hurriedly and imperfectly; but
I have endeavored to piesent to the Senate the
leading and controlling considerations which,
in my judgment, should induce us to refuse
admission to this man underthe bill which lias
been sent to us by the House. I have refiained
from entering into any debate upon the general
question of removing in this way the disabili-
ties imposed by general laws. I know that
that question will bo involved in bills which
will eome up hereafter, and there will then be
opportunity to discuss it.
1 shall regret, however, the placing of this |
case upon the record as a precedent to be used j
in argument when future eases shall arise. We
are entering upon a very troublesome and very
doubtful system of legislation, ffe have gen-
eral laws which apply to all the inhabitants of
the southern States, to men of all parties, of
all sorts who were concerned in the rebellion.
They all bear that character of uniformity of
application which should be borne by all pub-
lic' enactments, except in very peculiar cases.
Now, sir, yoa are proposing to select out
particular individuals, and extend to them
favor and exemption. I have no doubt that
this scheme of legislation will bccome ex-
tremely odious; that when it comes to be
examined by the people of the country, and
they see that it cannot be acted upon except
with partiality, they will disapprove of it.
Besides, we will find ourselves embarrassed in
both Houses by these questions of exemption
from law. They will be coming up constantly.
If our general law? are too strict and rigid, let
them be relaxed. If there are classes of men
from whom the pressure of our laws should be
withdrawn, let us exempt them. If taken in
their whole effect those laws are found to be
inconvenient and inexpedient, let us repeal
them altogether; but let us, in any event, regu-
late the admission of members into Congress
by general laws which shall not'be dispensed
with in favor"of particular applicants while
they are left in force to exclude others.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. VICKERS. Mr. Patterson,_ of Ten-
nessee, is paired off with myself. If he were
here he would vote for the bill and I against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 5 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Cattell, Cole, Conness, Corbftt,
Cragm. Drake, Edmunds, Harlan. Howo. Morgan,
Moirill of JVlaine.Nyo, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Pomeroy, ltoss, Stewart, Thayer, Trumbull, Van
Wuikie. Wiliey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—23.
NAYS—Messrs. liuekalew, Davis, Hendricks, Me-
Creery, and Wa.de—-5.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cameron,
Chandler. Conkline, Dixon, Doohttle, Ferry, 1'es-
senden, Fowler, yrelingliuysen. Grimes, Henderson,
Howard, Johnson, Morrill ol Vermont, Morton, Nor-
ton, Patterson of Tennessee, Itamsey, S.i uisbury,
Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Tipton, and Viekers—2t>.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. YATES. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S.
No. 11) to admit the State of Colorado into
the Union.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does the Senator pro-
pose to go on with that bill now?
Mr. YATES. No: to leave it as unfinished
business.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—1G ayes aud 9 noes ; not a quorum
voting.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 11, 18G8.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntox.
The Clerk commenced the reading of tho
Journal of yesterday, but before it was con-
cluded,
■Mr. CULLOM moved that the further read-
ing of the Journal be dispensed with.
No objection was made.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced, and the first business in or-
der is the call of committees for reports, com-
mencing with the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
NATIONAL HOTEL COMPANY.
Mr. MeCULLOUGH, from the Committee
for the District of Columbia, reported back,
with amendments, House bill No. 3Gl>, to in-
corporate the National Hotel Company of
Washington city.
The first amendment reported from the com-
mittee was to strike out the word "selling"
and to insert after the word "leasing" the
words 11 for the sole purpose of erecting aud
maintaining a hotel as afof^said."
The amendment was agreed to.
