leea
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
65a
tion to the prosecution of claims before the |!
Executive Departments; and 1
A joint resolution ^H. li. No. 171) for the
relief of destitute persons in the South.
SKXATOR FROM MAP.YT.ANT>.
The PRESIDENT pro lanpon. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday, being a resolution
offered by the Senator from Maryland [Mr.
JouxsonJ for the admission ofPhilipF. Thomas
as a Seuator in this body, is now before the
Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask for the reading of
the resolution now before the Senate.
The Secretary read the resolution submit-
ted by Mr. Johnson on the lSili of December,
l$<j7, as follows:
littulrtd. That lion. Philip F. Thomas. Senator-
elect from Maryland, bo admitted to bis seat on bis
taking the oaths prescribed by the Constitution and
laws of the United States.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the ques-
tion about to be determined by the Senate is,
in simple phrase, whether the Senator-elect
from Maryland can truthfully and conscien-
tiously take the oath prescribed by Congressin
the act of 1862; in other words, whether he
can vernciouslv and conscientiously swear that
he has " never voluntarily borne arms against
the United States since he became a citizen
thereof, and that he has voluntarily given no
aid, counsel, countenance, or encouragement
to persons engaged in armed hostility thereto."
If he takes his seat in this Chamber he takes
this oath and all of it. He not only swears
that he has not voluntarily given any aid and
assistance to persons engaged in hostility against
the United States, but that he has never given
any countenance or encouragement, direct or
indirect, to persons thus engaged. To give aid
and comfort to the enemies of the United States
is one thing. It is in itself an act of treason,
punishable under the old law with death by
hanging: but to give countenance, counsel, or
encouragement to traitors or persons engaged
in hostile operations against the United States
is not go heinous an offense; indeed, I do not
know that it would be regarded as an act of
treason. Nevertheless, we find it embodied in
the oath which we are all required to take when
ve enter this Chamber.
Now, sir, can Mr. Thomas truthfully and
conscientiously swear that he has never given
countenance, counsel, or encouragement to
persons engaged in hostilities against the Gov-
ernment of the United States '/ That is the
plain, simple question of fact. It is to be
decided of course by evidence, evidence tend-
ing to show the one thing or the other; and I
call the attention of the Senate for a few min-
ntes to that evidence. I think, with my present
Tiewg, and with my notions of allegiance and
duty to the Government of the United States,
that Mr. Thomas cannot take this oath ; and
shall therefore lie obliged to follow my convic-
tions in this regard when the question shall be
finally taken.
Mr. Thomas was a member of Mr. Buchan-
an's Cabinet, appointed Secretary of the Treas-
ury on the luth of December, 1860, and by his
resignation of that office ceased to be such on
the 11th of January, 1861. He was in the
habit of meeting the other members of Mr.
Buchanan's Cabinet in Cabinet council. We
have a right to presume that he was there at
all the meetings, unless his friends here are
able to say that he was not, and that he well
understood every subject-matter brought up for
discussion in that council. Now, sir, we found
on looking at the record that on the 29th of
December, I860, John B. Floyd, Secretary of
War, resigned his office. In his letter of res-
ignation he gave his reasons for that resigna-
tion. He speaks in a note addressed to Mr.
Buchanan, dated the 29th of December, as
follows:
" Sir: On the morning of the 27th instant I read
the following paper to you in the presence of the
Cabinet"—
Mr. Thomas being, of course, presumptively
present at that meeting. Now follows the
note which he addressed to Mr. Buchanan and 1
read at that Cabinet meeting on the 27th:
"Sir: It is evident from the action of the com-
mander of Fort Moultrie that the solemn pledges of
the Government hare been violated by Major Ander-
son. In my judgment but one remedy is now left us
by which to vindicato our honor and prevent civil
war. It is in vain now to hope lor oonfidcnco on the
part of the people of South Carolina in auy further
pledges as to the notion of the military. One remedy
is left, and that is to withdraw the garrison from the
harbor of Charleston. I hope the President will
allow me to make that order at once. This order, in
my judgment,will alone prevent bloodshed and civil
war."
That is the language read to the Cabinet and
to Mr. Thomas by Mr. Floyd on the 27tli of
December, 1800, urging the President and
arguing with the Cabinet that it was then neces-
sary in order to prevent civil war that the gar-
rison should be withdrawn from the harbor of
Charleston. This was the distinct point made
by Floyd, and, as I shall show, I trust, before
I take my seat, this doctrine had the complete
concurrence of Mr. Thomas, then a member of
the same Cabinet, and present at the same
council. According to Mr. Floyd, in order to
prevent a civil war, it was necessary that the
troops should be withdrawn from the harbor
of Charleston, and that all our public works
should be delivered up to the rebels in arms
from South Carolina and other States, who
then surrounded that harbor. In short, the
mode of preventing a civil war, according to this
doctrine of Floyd, concurred in by Mr. Thomas,
was that the Government of the United States
should tamely and obsequiously, in the most
cowardly and contemptible manner, abandon
the property of the United States, their fortifi-
cations, and everything else, and allow the rebels
a speedy triumph and complete success. In
other words, the doctrine of Floyd and Thomas
was that the United States not only had no right
to make war for the protection of the property
of the United States, and to uphold the Gov-
ernment of the United States, but that it was
the duty of the Government to yield at once
with submissive poltroonery to the claims of
rebels in arms. ^
This was on the 27th of December. It seems
that this doctrine was not entirely acceptable to
Mr. Buchanan, and I speak it to his credit. We
find him a few days after inditing the following
spirited paragraph in a communication which
he sent to certain commissioners from South
Carolina. He says:
"It is under all these circumstances that I am
urged immediately to withdraw the troops from the
harbor of Charleston, and 1 am informed that with-
out this negotiation is impossible. This I cannot do j
this I will not do. Such an idea was never thought
of by me in any possible contingency. No such
allusion had been made in any communication be-
tween myself and any human being. But the infer-
ence is that I am bound to withdraw the troops from
the only fort remaining in the possession of tne Uni-
ted States in the harbor of Charleston, because the
officer there in command of all the forts thought
proper, without instructions, to change his position
from ono of them to another.
I "At this point of writing I have received inform-
j ation by telegraph from Captain Humphreys, in com-
mand of the arsenal at Charleston, that it has to-
day (Sunday, the 30th) been taken by force of arms/
It is estimated that the munitions of war belonging
to this arsenal are worth $500,000.
" Comment is needless. After this information I
have only to add that while it is my duty to> defend
Fort Samtcr, as a portion of the public property of
the United States, againsthostilo attacks, from what-
ever quarter they may come, by such means as I
possess for this purpose, I do not perceive how such
a defense can be construed into a menace against
the city of Charleston."
The "old public functionary" seems to have
got his temper up and to have made up his
mind at least to make an attempt to defend the
public property. Such, sir, was the state of
things in Charleston harbor; such was the state
of things existing in the Cabinet of the Presi-
dent of the United States with the full knowl-
edge and concurrence, I have a right to pre-
sume, of Mr. Thoftias. On the 8th of Jan-
uary following, Mr. Jacob Thompson, Secre-
tary of the Interior, sent in his resignation to
President Buchanan. In it he says:
"It is with extreme regret I have just learned that
additional troops have been ordered to Charleston.
This subject has been frequently discussed in Cabinet
aouncil"—
undoubtedly, where Thomas was—
"and when on Monday night, 31st of December ul-
timo, the order for ree'ntorcements to Fort Sumter
were countermanded, I understood from you that
no order of tho kind would be made without being
previously considered and decided in Cabinot. It is
true that on Wednesday, January 2, this subject was
again discussed iu Cabinet, but certainly no eonclu-
fion was reached, and tho War Department was not
justified in ordering reinforcements without some-
thing nioro than was said. I learn, however, this
morning, for the first time, that the steamer Star of
tho West soiled from New York last Saturday night
with two hundred and fifty men, under Lieutenant
Bartlott, bound for Fort Sumter. Under these cir-
cumstances"—
continues the patriotic Thompson—
"I feel myself bound to resign my commission as
one of your constitutional advisors into your own
hands."
He resigned because President Buchanan
and a majority of the then Cabinet were in
favorof reenforcing Fort Sumter, because they
were in favor of making some show of defense
of the property and rights of the United States
in South Carolina. lie and those who con-
curred with him resigned because they wished
to discourage every effort on the part of the
Government to put down the rebellion. Sir,
will anybody say, will the honorable Senator
from Maryland who introduces this resolution
say that this resignation of Thompson, for the
reasons which he gives in his letter, was not
giving "countenance and encouragement" to
the rebels then in arms in South Carolina?
Will any man say that the resignation of Floyd,
given in only a few days before, was not a
solemn expression of countenance and encour-
agement to the rebellion then brewing? Why,
sir, no greater encouragement could have
been given to the rebels than the resignation
of the leading Cabinet officers of the President
; of the United States for such reasons. It was
j saying to the rebels who were attacking us,
: "You are right; goon; proceed in your bloody
work, and we will do all in our power to pre-
vent any effort on the part of the United
States at self-defense." Does anybody doubt
that John B. Floyd was a traitor? Does any-
body donbt that he was at the time he wrote
that letter as flagrant a traitor as ever lived
unhung? Does anybody doubt that Jacob
Thompson was an equally flagrant traitor, ani-
mated by precisely the same principles and the
same designs? Sir, it is impossible. The
world knows what the hearts of those two men
were. The universe is perfectly acquainted
with their treasonable purposes, their treason-
able conduct, and character. Was Mr. Thomas
any better ? What did he do ? Did he abstain
from giving similar encouragement and coun-
tenance to the rebels? No, sir; he made hot
haste to follo^the'example of those two mem-
bers of Buchanan's Cabinet, and on the 11th of
January, 1861, after being in office exactly one
month,, he addresses to Mr. Buchanan the
following letter:
"My Dear Sib: It has not been in my power, as
you are aware, to agree with you and with a majority
of yourconstitntional advisers in the measures which
have been adopted in reference to the present con-
dition of things in South Carolina; nor do I think.it
at all probable that I shall be able to concur in the
views which you entertain"—
"Old Buck" was in favor of fighting at that
time; Thomas was not—
"so far as I understand them, touching tbo authority
tinder existing laws to enforce the collection of tho
customs at the port of Charleston.
" Under such circumstances"—
Mark the language:
"Under such circumstances, after mature consid-
eration"—
He had viewed the whole field of controversy
and of argument, and had come to a mature
conclusion, as he says :
" I have concluded that I cannot longer continue in
your Cabinet without embarrassment to you and an
exposure of myself tothejust criticism of those who
are acquainted with my opinions upon the subject."
That was a very sad condition for a gentle-
man to be in I Rebels only would criticise
him for remaining; but in resigning he was
exposing himself to the just criticisms of the
whole Union party of the United States. Those
criticisms would have charged him with neglect
