654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
of duty in leaving his post at snch a critical
moment. He would have been criticised by
the Union people only because he was not in
favor of prosecuting a war to put down the
rebellion. And he says in conclusion:
," I therefore deem it proper to tender my resigna-
tion of the commission I now hold as Secretary of the
Treasury, to take effect when my successor snail bo
appointed and qualified."
He could not remain in Mr. Buchanan's
Cabifiet because he did not concur with Mr.
Buchanan in the necessity of defending the
public rights : he could not remain there, be-
cause if he did it would become necessary
for him as Secretary of the Treasury to honor
the requisitions of the Secretary of War for
the purpose of prosecuting a war to put down
the insurrection. He would not consent to
sign an official paper for the prosecution of
that war. It is but too clear that all his feel-
ings, all his sympathies were against the cause
of the country, and if they were iu favor of
anything in favor of the rebel cause. He was
opposed to all attempts to crush the rebellion.
Sir, was not snch conduct at such a moment
giving " countenance and encouragement" to
the rebels? If similar acts by Floyd and
Thompson gave that countenance and encour-
agement, why may not the same be predicated
of Mr. Thomas under exactly the same cir-
cumstances? He resigned for precisely the
same reasons that governed Floyd and Thomp-
son. In such a moment, when the Govern-
ment itself appeared to be on the verge of
dissolution, when the great experiment of our
fathers of establishing a free Government was
manifestly in imminent peril, what was the
duty of every patriotic man who was a friend
ofthe Constitution and Union? It was clearly
to aid the Government by all the means in his
power ; if it was necessary to raise troops ;
to proceed in that business; if to pay money,
to contribute in that form to the common
cause. Mr. Thomas did nothing of the kind.
He withdrew from the Cabinet because the
Government of the United States, even under
Mr. Buchanan, was not cowardly enough to
sneak out of a contest thrust upon them by
traitors, the object of which, on their part,
was the complete destruction of the Govern-
ment.
Sir, I do not believe that Mr. Thomas, with
this record before him, can truthfully and con-
scientiously take the oath of 18G2. He cannot
swear that he never, by any act or word of his,
gave encouragement or countenance to the
enemies of the United States. I look upon
this conduct of his at this juncture as import-
ing much more of disloyalty than his conduct
in contributing $100 to his Sonr-about which I
shall comment in a moment. He wag placed
by the Government at a most important post—
he was serving there at a most critical juncture
in our history—at a moment when patriotism
bade him stand by his country and exert every
faculty of his soul in defending his Government
from the attacks of traitors. He shrank from
duty—he was willing that treason should tri-
umph, and because his remaining in the Cab-
inet was likely to expose him to the criticism
of his friends, that is to say the secessionists,
he withdrew, abandoned his post, and went
home to Maryland.
Mr. President, I have a few words to say
upon the other branch of this case. It seems
that Mr. Thomas had a son who, in 1803, was
about eighteen years old. That son had been
recommended by his father to pursue the ne-
cessary studies to become a member of a
learned profession, a physician. The young
man, however, took it into his head that he
would go off into the rebellion and join the
enemies of the country. Mr. Thomas proves
by him that he, the father, remonstrated against
this course of the young man, that he discour-
aged the boy from time to time, and that their
difference of opinion upon this subject had pro-
duced a temporary alienation of feeling between
them. Mr. Thomas tells his son that he toas
no right to go out of the State of Maryland to
take up arms against the United States. Why ?
! Not because such an act would be in itself
j treason, punishable with the halter, but lor
the reason that the State of Maryland had not
1 yet gone out of the Union! she had not yet,
forsooth, passed an ordinance of secession!
It seems that he had, upon principle, no ob-
jection at all to the young man taking up arms
against the Government except that he was not
yet authorized to do so by a formal ordinance
of secession by the State of Maryland. He
entertained the same opinions upon the sub-
ject of national allegiance that were enter-
tained by Jefferson Davis and all the rebels.
The young man could not go into the war,
could not go out of the State of Maryland and
become a traitor, because he had not yet re-'
ceived the warrant of Maryland for so doing.
But the lad persisted; he was determined to
take part in the rebellion, and it finally re-
sulted iu this: that being ready to start, to
pass the lines of both armies and get into Vir-
ginia for the purpose, as he told his father
over and over again, of joining the rebel forces,
his father, taking pity on him on account of the
danger he was about to run of being captured
or reduced to want, gave the young man $100
on his starting early on the morning of the
22d or 23d of November, 1803, at the door of
the paternal roof.
Mr. President, I have not the heart to com-
ment with severity upon such a state of things;
but, viewing this transaction in the light in
which I do, I cannot suppress the prominent
j tact that the boy was intending to commit the
| crime of treason against the United States ; he
; told his father that such was his purpose; he
told him so repeatedly ; and the father, know-
ing such to be his purpose, not only omitted
to take any steps whatever to prevent this in-
cipient treason, but under the pretense of aid-
, ing his personal necessities gave him at the
moment he left home a sum of money more
than sufficient to pay his passage from the
State-of Maryland into Virginia, where he
intended to join the rebel forces. I say the
father knew that such was the purpose of the
son. I ask Senators one question: how does
such a case as this differ in point of morals
from the crime of misprision of treason ? Sup-
pose the boy had been off and committed the
crime of treason, and had returned safely to
his father in Maryland, and suppose the father
had concealed from the public authorities the
fact that this returned boy had committed the
crime of treason ; he would have been guilty
of misprision of treason, punishable under the
act of 1790. Here he knew the fact that the
boy was about to commit the crime, and it
turns out in the sequel that he did actually
commit it, for he swears to it himself; he
served eleven months in the rebel army. Could
not the father, at the time the lad was in Mary-
land, have found some officer of the law into
whose kind care he could commit the person
of his offending son? Was it necessary for
him to relax evcaJh'is own parental authority
over his son, and to suffer him to depart and
commit the crime? What would be said of
me if I was aware of the fact that a son of
mine had joined a band of conspirators whose
object was to burn a house in a neighboring
township or a neighboring city, and I, out of
parental tenderness and compassion, should
so far forget my duty to my son and to the
public as to furnish him with the means of
joining the band of desperadoes and proceed-
ing to the commission of the crime? How
would the public regard me? The question
needs only to be asked. Everybody would say
at once, "You gave the means of committing
a crime to your son, knowing that he was in-
tending to commit it, and you have therefore
made yourself an accessory before the fact to
the felony: yon are to all intents and purposes
particeps criminis in the transaction."
But it is said the father could not endure the
thought that his son should be brought to
starvation for want of means in his pocket to
pay his current personal expenses. Suppose
the boy had come to want in his peregrina-
tions while endeavoring to reach the rebel
lines, and had beeu captured and thrown into
a Union prison, would that circumstance have
reflected more dishonor upon the father and
upon the son than the confessed fact lias done
of the boy going off, joining the enemies of his
country, and committing treason?
There are other facts connected with this
transaction to which I beg to allude. The boy
left home, as ho swears, about the 23d of No-'
veinber, 1803, not long after the battle of Get-
tysburg. He took the money to Baltimore,
according to his own statement, and there ex-
pended a portion of it iu clothing. He made
three or four attempts to cross the Potomac on
its upper waters for the purpose of joining the
rebel army, in all which he failed. He finally
brought up in the city of Washington, where
he remained four long weeks to await, no one
knows what. But the testimony of the boy
himself brings out the further and very im-
portant fact that the father was aware that he,
the boy, was in the city of Washington during
all this time. I read from his own testimony
as submitted in the report of the committee:
" Question. Did you have any communication with
your father after you loit homo with this $100 the first
I time?
" Aimoer. I did not.
" Qitfution. ihil ho not know that you were here in
Waskiugton?
j " Answer, Yes, sir; he knew that I was here,
j ''Questio-n. But you had no communication with
i him ?
j "Anvtcer. No communication at all. I had a letter
from my mother, in which she said that she had just
been talking to father on the subject, and ho had
I urged her to write to me, begging me to come back
! anu abandon the expedition."
j Sir, why did not Mr. Thomas come down to
Washington from his home in Maryland ? Here
were provost marshals who could arrest the
boy and prevent his committing that great crime
; and reflecting this great dishonor upon the
! father 1 But the father remained quietly at
home, had no communication with the son, and
j made no effort whatever to prevent his getting
through the lines to the rebel army. I do not
make a question of veracity with him on that
point; but I ask with all earnestness, and with
a desire to have an answer given by those gen-
| tlemen who are in favor of admitting him to a
seat here, how did it happen that Mr. Thomas
utterly neglected to come to Washington and
seize his boy himself in person or employ a
provost marshal to do the same thing? He
now regrets that the boy took such a course.
Why did he not prevent it when he was able?
Sir, I would, as I have already said, be char-
itable to Mr. Thomas; I do not wish to cast a
suspicion upon his personal integrity or vera-
city ; but I cannot overlook conduct like this.
I can scarcely pardon a man for such neglect.
He knew that the boy's purpose was to commit
the crime of treason—the most heinous in the
catalogue of crimes—and he had it in his power
actually to prevent it. He omitted entirely to
take one single step in that direction. I leave
it to his friends upon the other side*.to recon-
cile this strange conduct, which, to my mind,
presents a very singular incongruity, to say the
least.
But my main objection to admitting him to
his oath is that he did countenance and did by
his public conduct encourage persons engaged
in hostilities against the Government of the
United States, and did it, as I think, deliber-
ately and with intent to break up the Govern-
ment.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, in sny pres-
ent condition I will, with the indulgence of
the Senate, speak sitting in my chair without
rising.
Mr. President, there is «n inherent qualifi-
cation to office, an unwritten qualification,
which pervades the constitution of every coun-
try. That is the qualification of loyalty to the
government under which the man proposes to
hold office. The Constitution of the United
States, in prescribing the qualifications of a
member of this body, does not say that he shall
be loyal, but that is an inherent qualification,
and the members of the Senate would be dere-
