3062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
The amendment was reported as follows:
Strike out tho words, "with such branches and
agencies elsewhere as the needs of the association
may require," and in lieu thereof insert "and the
operations of said association shall be confined to
said District of Columbia."
Mr. McCULLOUGH. I renew the demand
for the previous question.
The House divided and there were—ayes
41, noes 41; no quorum voting.
Tbe Speaker ordered tellers; and appointed
Mr. McCullough, and Mr. Aseley of Ohio.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes £8, noes 38.
So the previous question was seconded.
The mam question was then ordered to be
put.
. Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move that the
kill and amendment be laid on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 60, nays 56, not voting
1o; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Delos It. Ashley, James M.
Ashley, Baker, Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Blair,
BromweU, Broomall, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cornell, Uovode, Dawes,
Delano, Dodge, Donnelly. Ecklcy, Eggieston, Ela,
Eliot, ITerriss, Fields, Garfield, Gravely, Harding,
Chester D. Hubbaid, Julian, Kelsey, Ketcham, Laf-
lin, Mfrcur, Miller, Moore, Morrell, Mullins, New-
comb, O'Neill, Paine, Peters, Polsley,Pomeroy, Price,
Raurn, Sawyer, Scofield, Spalding, Starkweather,
Thaddetts Stevens, Tafle, Taylor, Trowbridge, Van
Aernarn, Ward. Cadwalader C. Washburn, and Elihu
B. Washbume—60.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Barnes, Beck, Benton,
Boyer, Brooks, Buckland, Burr, Cake, Chanler, Co-
burn, Oullom.Dnggs, Farnsworth, Ferry, Getz.Gloss-
brenner, Grovcr, lialsey, Higby, Holman, Hopkins,
liotchkiss, Richard, D. llubbard. Hunter, Ingersoil,
Judd. Knott, Koontz, Lincoln, Lynch, Marshall,
McClurg, McCullough, Morrisscy, Niblack, Nunn,
Pilelps, Pike, Pile, Randall, Schenck, Aaron F. Ste-
vens, Stewart, Stokes, Taber, Thomas, Lawrence S.
Trimble, Upson, Van Auken, Van Trump, WilliamB.
Washburn, Welker,William Williams, Windom, and
Woodward—56.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ander-
son, Archer, Arnell, Axtell, Bailey, Banks, Barnuin,
Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell, Butler, Cary, Dixon,
Eldridge, Finney, Fox, GoUaday, Griswold, Ilaight,
Hawkins, Hill, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, liul-
burd, Humphrey, Jenckes, Johnson, Jones, Kelley,
Kerr, Kitchen, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Mallory, Marvin,
Maynard, McCarthy, McCormick, Moorhead, Mun-
gen, Myers, Nicholson, Orth, Perham, Plants, Poland,
Pruyn, Robertson, Robinson, Ross, Selye, Shanks,
Sbeilabargwr, Sitgreaves. Smith. Stone. John Trim-
ble, Twichell. Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,
Van Wyck, H nry D. Washburn, Thomas Williams,
James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wil-
son, Wood, and Woodbridge—73.
So the bill and amendment were laid on the
table.
Mr. COVODE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill and amendment were laid on
the table; and also moved that tbe motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
Tlie latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE. „
Mr. Hill was granted leave of absence for
four and Mr. Jones for ten days.
CASE OF REV. JOHN M'MAHON,
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the gentleman from
Illiuois to yield to me to offer a resolution of
inquiry.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will if it gives rise to
no debate.
Mr. HUNTER. I offer the following pre-
amble and resolution for reference to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Whereas it appears from the Kingston, Canada
West, Daily News and other Canadian daily papers,
that Rev. John McMahon, a Catholic priest, and a
citizen of tho State of Indiana, who was convicted
and sentenced to imprisonment in the penitentiary
for the period of filteen years for having exercised
his sacerdotal duties toward the Fenian dead and
wounded in the Fenian invasion of 1866, has been
flogged in the Kingston penitentiary for having in
his possession a copy of the Irish American newspa-
per, published in New York, and because he would
not reveal the name of the party whose charity
favored him with this glimpse of the outer world:
Therefore,
Be it resolved. That the Committee on Foreign
Affairs make inquiry as to the facts of the case, and
it it be found that such brutal outrage has been in-
flicted as above stated, that the committee report to
this House what steps should be taken in the matter;
and the committee further inquire, if such acts of
brutality upon Amorican citizens, if not the sentence
of penal servitude for a political offense in itsolf, be
not an outrage upon the honor and sovereignty of
the United States; and for the above purpose tho
committee shall have authority to send for persons
and papers and report at any time.
The SPEAKER. There is no objection, and
the resolution is received.
^ Mr. WASHBURNE; of Illinois. I should
like to have some explanation.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not want anv ex-
planation, nor does my colleague. He^only
wants to exhaust the morning hour. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE,. of Illinois. I hope my
colleague will preserve his temper. I have a
right to ask for explanation, as the resolution
is before the House.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I only let the resolution
in provided it gave rise to no debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is not
in order to withdraw it; the resolution is
before the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Ingersoll] is entitled to the floor
to make any motion.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Have I not a right,
having yielded the ilooronlyon condition that
the resolution should take no time or lead to
no debate ?
Mr. HUNTER. I call the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I want
some information in regard to the matter; but 1
do not care about arming this committee with
power to send for persons and papers, and put
the country to expense, without knowing some-
thing of the facts.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Illinois states that he yieloed to allow the
resolution to be offered, upon the condition
he states, he can resume the floor to the exclu-
sion of the resolution.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do so because my
colleague objected. Personally I have no
objection to the introduction and reference of
the resolution if my colleague does not object
to it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will not
allow it to be referred if I can avoid it.
Mr. HUNTER subsequently agreed to strike
out that part which relates to sending for per-
sons and papers.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, withdrew
his objection.
The resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ALEXANDRIA CANAL.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back the
bill (H. R. No. 8lJ2) relating to the Alexandria
canal, with a substitute therefor.
The substitute was read, as follows:
Whereas by an act of Congress, on the^SSth day of
May, 1830, the Alexandi ia C<tnal Company was incor-
porated, and authorized and empowered toXeon-
struct, operate, and maintain a canal from George-
town, in the District of Columbia, to Alexandria,-in
the State of Virginia, with an aqucduet across th&<
Potomac river at Georgetown; and whereas by an
act ol the General Assembly of the State of Virginia,
passed on the 16th day of February, 1806, the board
of public works was authorized to unite with the
corporate authorities of the city of Alexandria in
making disposition ot the Alexandria canal, in order
to repair and makesaidcanalavailable: andwheroas
said board of public works did. m pursuance of said
authority, so unite with said corporate authorities,
and did by their joint vote, and a vote of a majority
of the stockholders of said canal company, empower
and direct the president and directors of tbe said
canal company to lease the said canal for the period
of ninety-nine years; and whereas the said president
and directors, in pursuance of said authority, did. on
the 16th day of May, 1866, grant, lease, and convey
the said canal, its aqueduct, locks, banks, lands,
gateg, and property of all description to Henry H.
Wells, Philip Quigley, and William W. Dungan, the
grantees therein named; and whereas afterward, and
by an act. passed by the General Assembly of the
State of Virginia on the 17th day of April, 1867, the
said lease was ratified and affirmed, and the lessees
were further authorized and empowered to build,
operate, and maintain a new aqueduct, and in con-
junction therewith a railroad and a road bridge
across said piers, and to build, opeiate, and maintain
a railroad from Georgetown to Alexandria; and
whereas the said lessees have eoteredinto possession
of and repaired the,said canal, and have erected^a
new agueduct.across the said Potomac rivet'upon the
said piers connecting the Chespeake.and Ohio canal
with the said Alexandria canal; Iherefore,
He it enacted by th& Senate and House of liepresent-
cttives of the United States of Ameriea in Congress assem-
bled, That the said grant, lease, and conveyance be,
aud the same is hereby sanctioned, ratified, and con-"
finned; and the said president and directors of
the said canal company are hereby authorized and
empowered to execute any and all other leases,
agreements, and conveyances that may be necessary
to render the said lease valid and effectual. Thesaid
aqueduct across the Potomac river fromGeorgetown
to the Virginia shore, and so connecting the said
canals, is hereby declared to be a lawful structure in
its present position and elevation, anything in any
law or laws of the United States or of any State to
the contrary notwithstanding.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said
lessees, their associates, their heirs, and assigns are
hereby authorized and empowered to maintain and
operate said aqueduct, and to erect, build, operate,
and maintain across the Potomac river from George-
town, in the District of Columbia,, to the Virginia
shore, upon and over the stone piers upon whicn the
aqueduct now rests, in conjunction therewith, a
bridge of wood, iron, or stone, with one or more ways
for tiie passage of persons, animals, and vehicles, and
also with one or more tracks or ways lor the passage
of engines and car3, with such othereonvcniencesas
are usual or neccssary for a lailroad.
Sec.3. And be it further enneted, That it shall be
lawful for the said lessees, their associates and suc-
cessors, to lay out, construct, maintain and operato
a'railroad across said bridge from Georgetown, in tho
District of Columbia, to-the city of Alexandria, in the
State of Virginia, and to connect with the Orange
and Alexandria i ailroad, and Alexandria, Loudoun,
and Hampshire railroad at Alexandria, or with any
other railroad running to said city, or with any rml-
road running to Georgetown, in the District of Co-
lumbia; and it shall be lawful for the said lessees,
their associates, their successors, to lay out, build,
operate and maintain the said railroad upon the
berine bank of said canal, in whole or in part, with
power and authority to diverge Uerefrom: when and
as often as may be necessary, m order to obtain tho
best and most direct route between said aqueduct
and the city of Alexandria; Provided, however, That
said railroad shall not be so laid out, constructed, or
operated, as to impede or interfere with the conven-
ient and legitimate use of the said canal or aque-
duct as a canal, and for thetransportation of persons
and property by water.
Sec 4. And belt further enacted, That it shall be
lawful for the said lessees, thQir associates and suc-
cessors, to transport passengers, freight, and baggage
over said railroad, and to collect fare or tolls for the
same; and they may have such other rights and pow-
ers, and under such restrictions as at present are
provided in the general railroad laws of the State of
Virginia; And it is further provided, That in case the
Alexandria Canal Company shall elect, as by the
terms of said lease they have tho right to, to reenter
and repossess the said canal, said company shall also
have the right at the same time to take possession
ot the said railroad and bridge, by first paying the
lessees and their successors the actual value of the
superadded and superimposed work5?, to bo ascer-
tained by referees to be equally chosen by the presi-
dent and directors of the Alexandria Canal Company,
and the lessees and their sueces&ors, said referees to
choose an umpire, if one should become necessary,
m order to agree upon such value; but it the said
canal company shall not so elect to reenter and pos-
sess said canal and acquire said railroad and bridge,
then said bridge and railroad, with all its prop-
erty, lights, and effects shall be and remain the
property of the lessees and their associates, with full
power to maintain the same, but they shall repair and
be liable for all damages which may at any time be
done to the said canal by said railroad, or which may
be caused by tho use of any of the canal property for
the purposes of the railroad; said railroad to be kept
on tae same footing as postal roads are required to
be kept, and the same is hereby declared to be a
postal road.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That as soon as
thesaid bridge is so far completed as to be ready, fit,
and convenient for the passage of persons, animals,
and veitieies, the said lessees, their successors, and
their legal representatives may demand, have, and
receive, in advance, the following toils, to wit: for
any foot passenger crossing over said bidgo, two
cents; for any horse, mule, or jack, every ox or
other horned cattle, five cents; lor every vehicle
drawn by one animal, fifteen cents; drawn by two
animals, twenty-five cents; drawn by four animals,
thirty-five cents; but no extra charge shall be made
for the driver of such vehicle; for every hog, sheep,
or other live creature, one cent; Provided, however.
That it shall be lawful for said lessees to commute
these rates to persons requiring yearly passes; which
said rates or other lower rates to be by them pre-
scribed from time to time, tbe said lessees may de-
mand m advance or may sue for, have and receive
of and from any person who shall pass over said
bridge, or who shall send, ride, or drive any animal
or vehicle over the said bridge without first paying
said tolls. And any person who shall attempt to
injure said bridge, or to pass over the same, or to
pass his animals over it without first paying thetolh
prescribed herein, or shall attempt to force said
bridge, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and
