2038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
duty which they can easily and conveniently
perform.
But gentlemen may say, " We do not know
what, will happen ; there may be renewed in-
surrection somewhere j anew Indian war or
several Indian wars may break out; and to
make an absolute -limit of this sort may be
found inconvenient after awhile." Mr. Pres-
ident, this Congress will be in session long after
this reform takes effect if the amendment be
adopted. We will doubtless be here until the
middle of the summer, until the approach of
fall. In fact, we may have some members'
among us desirous, as they were last year, to
sit in permanent session. If any unexpected
emergency should arise Congress will have no
difficulty in authorizing an increase of force.
The interval between the present long session
and the next one will be, at all events, very
short, a few weeks merely. There can. there-
tore, be no argument based upon the possibility
of some great and now unexpected emergency
during the present year.
Sir, if you can by an amendment of this sort
strike off twenty-five or thirty million dollars
from the public outlay you will rejoice the
hearts of the people; you will do spuiethiug
which they will understand; you will call out
to yourselves their respect and their confidence
also. They will believe you are in earnest.
But it may be said—and with a word or two
upou that point I will conclude—that all this
should be loft to the President, the Secretary
of War, and the General of the Army; that
they are better able to judge how many men
should be'employed in the public service. I
understand, so far as the opinions of those
officials are concerned, they think a large re-
duction of the Army can be made. That is
their opinion. "That being so," gentlemen
say, ''why should Congress act? Why should
not this question be left to their judgment?"
There is a very ready answer to this. It is an
ungracious thing to dismiss men who are em-
ployed by the Government, to turn them out
of their places; it is an ungracious and un-
pleasant duty to dismiss officers who hold your
commission and draw salaries from your Treas-
ury, and men employed in the military service
who have etdisted under your laws and are
performing their contracts, and restore them
to their employments at home; and neither
the General of the Army nor the President can
very well do this alone. You must give them
an act of Congress, some expression of the
law-making power, to authorize, to warrant
their action. If you give them an express per-
mission, a command to do this, doubtless tiiey
will proceed with alacrity and with promptness
to execute your decision. Without it, what-
ever may be their private opinions, nothing
important will be done; men unnecessarily
employed in the public service will not be dis-
charged. To accomplish that it is necessary
that Congress shall act; Congress, which au-
thorized the organization of this force, must
itself retrace its steps to some extent, must at
least confer the authority, in distinct and ex-
plicit terms, by which this reform can be
introduced and executed.
However, Mr. President, I desire, at all
events, if nothing else be accomplished by
my motion, to make up a record for myself,
and by my vote upon this amendment to show
that I am sincere in the cause of reform. The
people demand a reduction of the public ex-
penditures, and I desire to be heartily with
them in opinion and action.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, it often
happens in legislative proceedings that a prop-
osition is properly disposed of upon some
ground having little or nothing to do with its
merits. It not ^infrequently happens that a
gentleman, without special skill in parliament-
ary proceedings, is able to introduce a propo-
sition with the spirit and result of which there
may be general sympathy, and yet to present
it in a time and in a connection rendering it
impossible that it should receive the support
which at another time it might command.
We are considering now an appropriation
bill the proper genius of which is to provide
a legal way for taking from the Treasury and
applying to payments money applicable by ex-
isting laws to certain specified purposes. The
Senator from Pennsylvania proposes to intro-
duce in connection with that a measure chang-
ing radically, suddenly, and finally the struc-
ture and volume of the Army. I am in favor,
for my own part, entirely of what he proposes.
I am in favor of reducing, at the earliest day
possible, to the lowest point possible, the
Army and the Navy of the United States.
But, Mr. President, it does not follow, for that
reason, that I should vote for this amendment
or that I am at liberty to vote for it, unless I
would act in that way which all legislative
experience shows to be rash, exceptional, and
unwise. The Army is to be reduced by a bill
directed to that purpose. It is a bill to be
framed by the best lights which we can get;
of course upon consultation with those per-
sons whom I may denominate the military au-
thorities ; those persons knowing, and charged
with the responsibility of knowing, better than
we can, in detail, how much it is possible to
accomplish, how rapidly it is possible to ac-
complish it, and the various tilings, without
reciting them, which enter into wholesome
and vigorous legislation upon such a subject.
Here we have had 110 such consultation; we
have 110 measure aimed at such a result; 110
measure before us which has turned properly
the attention of any member of this body in
any such direction ; but, one, on the contrary,
wholly different in its scope and genius.
But, more than that, sir, who knows, at a
time like this, without examination, without
forecast, without any data, except what may be
supplied by that general information which all
intelligent people have, that itwould be safe or
excusable, defensible in any way, for us to say
that 011 a certain time a certain great reduc-
tion, neither more nor less, should be made in
the Army; speaking now with the ground
covered with snow in those regions where
Indian hostilities are to be apprehended; and
speaking, therefore, in total ignorance of one
single element, one unknown quantity in this
sum, which by itself would destroy ail exact-
ness and all safety in attempting such a com-
putation.
I have no idea, Mr. President—because of
my personal respect for the Senator who pro-
poses this amendment—that his purpose is to
put his fellow-members of this body upon the
record in such a way that the public or his con-
stituents may deduce from that record the
belief that he, and he alone, with those who
associate with him in the vote which wc are now
about to take, are honestly in favor of retrench-
ment and reduction, and that every member of
this body who feels constrained to adhere to
the purpose of this bill is against wholesome
reform, retrenchment, and frugality. He does
not mean that; and yet a silent vote rejecting
this amendment, I am perfectly well aware,
would expose everybody who contributes to
that negative vote to the imputation of talking
about immaterial matters of economy and re-
jecting the weightier matters of the law when
we have the opportunity. I preferred, there-
fore, for one, before being compelled to vote
upon this amendment, to put on record an ex-
planation of the vote, and to accompany that
explanation with the gage which I gladly give
to my honorable friend from Pennsylvania
that, at the proper time, I will go as far as he
will go in voting to cut down the Army and the
Navy, if he proposes to act, as I know he does,
upon tangible and proper considerations. I
should be glad to do it at the earliest possible
moment; but when we do it we should do it in
a measure which has the benefit of the expe-
rience of my honorable friend from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] and the committee of
which he is chairman, which committee, in
bringingitforward, of course will act upon con-
sultation with those officers in the Government
charged with the responsibility and in contact
with the particular knowledge appropriate to
this subject.
The earlier we have the opportunity, for me,
the better I will vote, and vote gladly as to the
Army, as to the Navy, as to every other branch
of the public service, to reduce it to the lowest
effective point, the lowest point which we, as
legislators, can determine to be a safe one.
If it turns out, with regard to appropriations
or any other matter, that we make a mistake,
and go a little too far, and have-to correct it in
a deficiency bill, it will be a failing and a blun-
der that will "lean to virtue's side;" and I
shall face even that without any such appalled
sense as the Senator from Pennsylvania mani-
fested the other day when he sought to frighten
the Senate from its propriety, to scare it from
its discretion, by holding up as a bugbear the
possibility that to the extent of $20,000, I be-
lieve, in that particular instance, there might
be a deficiency and a necessity for a deficiency
bill; and, said my honorable friend in his en-
thusiasm, "paper going to protest, and the
Senate of the United States acting so that that
might happen." Well, sir, I do not want any
paper to go to protest, but nevertheless I will
brave even those dangers for the sake of join-
ing the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania,
when the time comes, and I hope it will come
very soon, in going to the very verge of debat-
able propositions in eliminating from appro-
priation bills and every other form of legisla-
tion every element of expense, every cause of
outlay, which by any possibility can be re-
trenched.
Mr. WILSON. I have already said, Mr.
President, that I trusted that before the close
of this session we should be able to reduce the
military establishment of the United States.
The attention of some of us here has been
turned in that direction. But, sir, we are not
yet prepared to report any such measure or to
support it. If it shall turn out on the disap-
pearance of the snows and the coming of the
grasses that we are to have an Indian war the
military force cannot be reduced. On the con-
trary, we shall hear an outcry in favor of arming
volunteers in the section of the country in
danger. The Army of the United States is
now scattered over vast spaces of territory. A
small portion of it has been sent to our recent
distantpurchase. We cannot yet tell the amount
of force that we may be able to dispense with.
It will depend very much on the condition of
our frontiers, on our Indian difficulties. That
will govern the question more than anything
else. I have strong hopes that we shall be
able before the close of the present session of
Congress to report a bill reducing the number
of the forces; but we cannot tell to-day what
class of forces we may best reduce. On the
1st day of July next the act that increased the
pay of the officers of the Army thirty-three per
cent, will expire. The forces of the United
States now are being reduced every day. They
were up to fifty-six thousand last summer.
They are lower by several thousand to-day.
Very little is doing in recruiting in any part of
the country. The order issued by General
Grant while acting as Secretary of War con-
templated bringing the force down to less than
forty-five thousand men. I hope that we shall
be able to cut the Army down lower than that
number before the close of the session ; but I
am very sure we are not ready to-day to vote
upon any proposition in that direction.
I am glad that the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania joins with us in favor of retrenching ex-
penses wherever they can be retrenched. I
want the Senator to understand, and I am sure
we all understand here, and the country will
understand, that the bill now before us makes
a very large reduction; and no deficiency bill
will ever be called for to supply the millions
that are reduced by this bill from what was
appropriated last year, and from what was
asked for this year. It may be that we shall
have a deficiency bill to supply a deficiency in
the quartermaster's department. That will
depend very much on whether we are to have
