1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2039
any Indian troubles or not. The Army has
been moved, scattered in small bodies all
over this country. That work has been done.
The great cost of the quartermaster's depart-
ment is in transportation. The cost last year
amounted to many million dollars on the fron-
tier, and it may be increased somewhat this
year. We have appropriated a very small sum
for that purpose, I see no other portion of
the bill in regard to which there is likely to be
any deficiency.
I hope, therefore, that we are not to pass
this amendment, knowing so little as we now
do in regard to what we can do in this direc-
tion. I can say to the Senator that I trust we
are all here in favor of reducing the Army and
the Navy and the foreign service and every-
thing else. I thought the other day that we
could cut down a little in regard to the foreign
service. My own opinion is to-day that we
can save not only some money, but the credit
of the country, by cutting down several of the
missions south of us on this continent, and
classifying them and consolidating them, get-
ting rid of some of them, and getting rid of
some men who are doing anything but giving
credit to the country; some men whom we
knew when they were sent out could not do us
any credit; some of us believed so then, and
said so ; but what little we attempted to do the
other day in that direction we failed in.
I hope we shall pass this appropriation bill
as it came from the House of Representa-
tives. It appropriates about thirty-three mil-
lion dollars. Unless we are called upon by
the quartermaster's department to supply a
deficiency I do not see any likelihood of being
called upon for any other deficiency. If we
were to order the disbandment of a large por-
tion of the Army and difficulties should arise
anywhere, the very fact that you had reduced
the Army below what the needs of the country
required might increase the demand to more
than the amount that you would now save to
supply the movement of your Army by the
quartermaster's department from one section
of the country to the other. I hope, therefore,
that this amendment will be rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator from New York made some strictures
upon the proposition submitted by the honor-
able Senator from Pennsylvania, which applied
more strongly to an amendment that I had
moved than to the proposition of the honor-
able Senator from Pennsylvania. He said that
propositions of this kind were premature, that
gentlemen get up here, without information,
and ignorantly and crudely make propositions
of retrenchment. That was the substance of
his remark.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. I am perfectly willing
that the Senator should apply that to himself,
instead of to me. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. I was going to take it to my-
self. [Laughter.] The honorable Senator
from New York made these strictures upon the
proposition of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
and I had made a proposition more extreme
than that of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
and with less profession and less real knowl-
edge of the subject than he himself professed
to have. The honorable Senator from New
York belongs to the majority. He is in the
confidence of the War Department—eminently
so, I understand. He is in the confidence
of the majority of the Senate. He belongs to
the Committee on Appropriations. Whose
duty is it but that of the Committee on Appro-
priations to see that the subjects for which ap-
propriations are asked are proper, and that the
amounts asked for are proper? In a series of
resolutions presented by me six weeks or two
months ago, I invited the attention of the hon-
orable Senator and of the whole Senate to this
subject. I then said that the Army ought to
be reduced to twenty thousand. I say so still.
The honorable Senator tells us that we do not
know whether the just service of the country
would permit such a reduction or not. I
frankly admit the fact. But, sir, as the hon-
orable Senator belongs to the majority, and has
the confidence of the head of the War Depart-
ment, as I am informed, and as I have no doubt
is the fact, and as the subject of appropriations
is intrusted particularly to him, why did not
he, in the performance of his duty, ascertain
from his chief, the head of the War Depart-
ment, whether the Army was too large or too
small, and whether the appropriations asked
for were proper or not ?
When the Senator from Pennsylvania and
myself have the same facilities for getting accu-
rate information and forming a correct and
something like a statesmanlike judgment in
relation to these subjects that the honorable
Senator from New York has had, and we fail
to avail ourselves of such opportunities and
facilities, we shall then be subject to his strict-
ures. But, sir, when neither of us belongs to
the Committee on Finance, nor to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, nor to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, and neither of us has
the particular confidence of the head of the War
Department, or any facilities for obtaining his
judgment in relation to the numbers of the
Army and the propriety or policy of its being
reduced, and we get up here and in the dark
seek to bring the attention of the Senate and of
the country to the subject, admitting that we
are without any exact or reliable information,
but simply ask well-informed gentlemen and
statesmen, as the Senator from New York is,
to give proper attention to such matters, I do
not think we subject ourselves properly to such
strictures as he made upon the honorable Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania and his proposition.
If the proposition of that honorable Senator
was subject to the animadversion of the Sena-
tor from New York, mine was much more so ;
but I deny that either of us fell within his strict-
ures.
Instead of reproaching the Senator from
Pennsylvania, the Senator from New York
ought to have been making his animadversions
upo'n the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs for not having matured this sub-
ject as it should have been matured, and for
not having given the Senate proper informa-
tion as to the exact numbers of the Army,
where the Army was stationed, how many upon
the Indian frontier, how many in the southern
States for the purpose of reducing the white
people there to slavery to the negroes, and where
the various bodies of the Army were stationed.
The honorable Senator himself, as belonging
to the Committee on Appropriations, ought to
have been ready with all this information. Is
he willing to appropriate blindly? The whole
subject of appropriations to the Army and to
every other service of the Government of the
country comes under his supervision and is
addressed specially to his judgment, and he is
the proper organ to which the Senate and the
Senator from- Pennsylvania and myself can
appeal upon such subjects. Instead of con-
demning us for want of the requisite informa-
tion, he himself is censurable for getting up
and making such animadversions upon us with-
out himself being able to give it,.
The honorable Senator has professed on this
occasion and on other occasions to be a very
great friend of retrenchment.
His professions to-day were all that any
friend of retrenchment could ask. I would
not ask more extended and liberal professions
of economy. I am only sorry the honorable
Senator has not been better prepared to act out
some of them practically. Now, it seems tome
that when some members do even strike in the
dark and without proper information in relation
to these subjects, to get a start made in the line
of retrenchment and economy, if the honor-
able Senator is a true friend of some reforma-
tion, he will refrain in the future from such
animadversions upon those crude movements,
however defective they may be in point of
exactness of information.
Mr. D00LITTLE. The objection raised to
this amendment by the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts seems to be the uncertainty of
our affairs upon the frontiers; that we do not
know whether with the opening of spring may
not come an opening of further and other In-
dian wars; and that we must wait until the
snows pass away and the grasses come to de-
termine that question. Mr. President, this
uncertainty in relation to the Indian wars which
has prevailed upon our frontier has been to me
a very painful subject for many years. I be-
lieve that no greater mistake was ever comr-
mitted by Congress than when the House of
Representatives refused to concur in the meas-
ure which was proposed and ^passed by the Sen-
ate a year or two ago. The truth is, that when
the commission which was appointed by the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives together, in
1865, to look after Indian affairs, were upon the
Plains, by their simple presence an Indian war
with the Comanches was prevented which had
already been ordered by one of the military
commanders at Fort Larned. He had already
issued the order, and fifteen hundred troops
were in motion to cross the Arkansas to go
into a country where not a single white man
lives, to make war upon the Comanches, the
most powerful tribe of all the Indians of the
West; a war which, once begun, as military
gentlemen testified before our committee, could
not in any reasonable probability have been
concluded without an expenditure of $!i0,000,-
000. The presence of that commission pre-
vented that Indian war.
I am informed, and I believe it to be true,
that the commission which was upon the Plains
this last summer, by its presence, by its influ-
ence, by its advice, prevented the outbreak of
at least three Indian wars upon the frontier.
Mr. HENDERSON. Their continuation.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Prevented the continua-
tion of them, brought the wars to a termina-
tion, which would have added to the expend-
itures probably twenty or twenty-five million
dollars in addition. All the expenditure of the
last year or year and a half, in my judgment,
is to be attributed to the fact that we did not
carry out the policy resolved upon by the Seu-
ate of providing such commissions and keeping
them constantly at work. I do not care partic-
ularly as to the manner in which they are to
be organized; but I have no doubt that the
expenditure of $500,000 in organizing com-
missions, dividing the Indian country among
four or five commissions, and keeping them
constantly in the field, constantly at work, su-
pervising the Indiansand supervising the Army,
for it reeds as much'supervising and more than
the Indians themselves to prevent the outbreak
of Indian wars, will do more to keep the peace
on the Plains than the expenditure of $15,-
000,000, 820,000,000, £30,000,000, and some-
times 840.000,000 a year in the use of the Army.
I hope that my honorable friend now having
charge of the Committee on Indian Affairs will
bring this subject forward and establish these
commissions in our Indian country and make
them a permanent affair; that they may be con-
stantly at work; that we shall have men of the
highest character connected with the Army and
civil life in the employ of the Government as
acting commissioners of Indian affairs, upon
the ground, supervising Indians and Indian
affairs, and looking after the Army and the
men who control it.
Sir, 1 do not believe that it need cost the
Government much to keep the peace with com-
missioners of this sort properly organized and
kept at work. They can keep the peace. The
commission which was in the field last sum-
mer made peace on the Plains, and doubtless
saved $20,000,000 to the Government. The
highest officers of the Armyshould be detailed
for service upon these commissions as well
as men of high standing and character in civil
life. It is a matter in which I have felt a very
great interest, both for the purpose of prevent-
ing bloodshed and for the purpose of economy
and saving to the Treasury.
Mr. President, I believe it is entirely safe
for us to say that in the present condition of
the country our Army can be reduced down
to the number which is mentioned in the
amendment of the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania; and that this uncertainty in
