1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8063
bo subject to a fine of not less than five dollars nor
more than ten dollars for each offense, to be collected
in any court having jurisdiction of misdemeanors in
the District ot Columbia: Provided, however, That a
conviction for such misdemeanor shall not in any
wise he a bar to any suit brought to recover damages
for any injury to said bridge: i'rovided, however. That
said bridge is open and free for the passage of troops
and munitions of war by the United States without
charge or compensation of any kind.
Mr. WASHB UliNE, of Illinois. I now de-
sire to have the original bill read, as I desire
to make a point, of order upon it.
The SPEAKER. The fifth section is the
only one in which the original bill differs from
the substitute.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know what the substitute is, as it has not been
printed. I desire that the original bill shall
be read.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The only difference be-
tween the substitute and the original bill is in
the fifth section. My colleague demands the
reading of the entire original bill just because
he has a right to do it, and not because he has
any good reason.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman has no right to say that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Wasubckne] has a right to demand
the reading of the original bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I know he has, and I
have a right to disclose what his motive is.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman might
liave reported the substitute as an original bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, sir, I have au-
thority to do that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has, how-
ever, reported it otherwise, as a substitute.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the ori-
ginal bill, but before he had concluded the
reading the morning hour expired.
The SPEAKER. The bill goes over until
the morning hour of Tuesday next.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask my
colleague to have his substitute printed.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have no objection to
that, if it can be printed before the bill comes
up again.
The SPEAKER. The bill will not come up
again until Tuesday.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then it can undoubt-
edly be printed before that time; and I move
that the substitute be printed.
The motion ,was agreed to.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The business before the
house is the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 929) to promote American commerce,
reported by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Eliot,] from the Committee on Com-
merce, on the 27th of May last, and by unan-
imous consent ordered to be considered yester-
day after the morning hour and then postponed
until to-day.
murders in south carolina.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to offer the follow-
ing preamble and resolution :
"Whereasinformation, regarded as reliable,haabeen
received that Solomon Dill, of Camden, South Caro-
lina late a member of the constitutional convention
ill said State and a member elect to the Legislature,
together with two colored men, citizens ot the United
State?, were brutally murdered on the night ot the
6th instant, at the residence of said Dill, for no other
reason than their devotion to the Union and the (jov-
crnment: and whereas in pursuance of the same
system of oraanisicd assassination Mr. W. I. Mixon,
school commissioner elect tor Barnwell county, South
Carolina, was also recently assaulted by armed des-
peradoes and dangerously,if notmortally,wounded.
't'S, as the sense of this House, that General
K. K. Scott, the Governor elect, :should at once take
tbe most active measures for the arrest of the said
assassins and murderers, and to that end he is
mueltcd ?o oftsr a reward of $10,000 for their prompt
aPiw ltd further, as the sense of this Hous?. that
it is the duty of the general commanding of said dis-
trict to apprehend and place m close
known desperadoes residing m the
said murders were committed as a metoure necessary
to aid in revealing the murderers and to check the
recurrence of such acts in the future.
Mr. BROOKS. What is it proposed to do
with that resolution ?
Mr-^ ASHLEY, of Ohio. I desire to make
a shorWtatement, and then I shall ask a vote
on the resolution.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I object to
the resolution.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope the gentleman from
Kentucky will not object if the gentleman from
Ohio will accept an amendment providing that
the committee shall also investigate as to the
outrages perpetrated on and the murders of
Democrats tinder the government of Tennes-
see and under the military governments of Ala-
bama and North Carolina.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Trimble] objects to the reso-
lution and it is not before the House.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Then I give notice
that I will introduce it on Monday.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not
before the House, the objection of the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Trimble] preventing
its introduction.
foreign insurance companies.
The SPEAKER, by unanimousconsent, laid
before the House, a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a copy
of a letter from the Secretary of State, relative
to one of the provisions of a bill now pending
before the House, proposing to tax foreign
insurance companies three per cent, upon their
gross premium receipts; which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
reconstruction expenses.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting estimates by the Paymaster Gen-
eral for deficiencies of appropriations required
for reconstruction purposes in the various
military districts; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
message from the president.
A message in writing from the President
was communicated to the House by Colonel
William G. Moore, his Private Secretary;
who also informed the House that the President
had approved and signed an act and joint
resolutions of the following titles :
An act (H. R. No. 1038) for the relief of
Thomas McLean ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 251) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of War to furnish supplies
to an exploring expedition ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 284) to pro-
vide for the removal of a suit pending in the
circuit court of Jefferson countyWest Vir-
ginia, to the circuit court of the United States ;
and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 287) for the
restoration of Captain James F. Armstrong,
United States Army, to the active from the
retired list.
great and little osage indians.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I ask unanimous
consent to submit the following preamble and
resolution for consideration at the present
time:
Whereas it is reported that a treaty has recently
been concluded with the Great and Little Osage In-
dians, by which it is proposed to transfer eight mil-
lion acres of land, located in the State of ^Kansas, to
a railroad corporation; and whereas it is reported
that by the provisions of said treaty the people
of the United States are excluded from the rights ot
homestead and preemption settlement; and whereas
it is also reported that impropermfluences have been
used to accomplish the framing and signing ot said
treaty, and that the interests ot the Indians and
of the people have been grossly and fraudulently
neglected; Therefore,
Resolved, That the President is hereby directed to
famish to this House copies of all instructions, rec-
ords and correspondence connected with the com-
mission authorized to make the above-named treaty,
and copies of all propositions made to said com-
mission fromrailroad coiporationsorbyindividuals;
and thePrcsideutis requested to withhold said treaty
from the Senate until a full investigation can be had
and report made bytiio Committee on Indian Affairs
of this House.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I object.
stillwater and st. paul railroad.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No.*T^16) regulating
the disposition of the land grant already made
for a railroad from Stillwater to St. Paul,
Minnesota ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. 1 move to reconsider
the various votes of reference this morning;
and I also move that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that -the
House now proceed to the consideration of
business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to ask my colleague [Mr. Farnsworth] for
what purpose he desires to proceed to business
upon the Speaker's table?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. To dispose of some
amendments of the Senate to various bills,
some of which have been laying there for two
or three weeks.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. By action
or reference to committees?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Some by action and
some by reference.
The question was then taken upon the mo- ■
tion of Mr. Farnsworth, to proceed to the
consideration of business upon the Speaker's
table; and upon a division there were—ayes
50, noes 35 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Farnsworth
and Mr. Burr were appointed.
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 desire to inquire of the
Chair if the reconstruction bill has come back
from the Senate ?
The SPEAKER. It lias not. _ The Chair is
informed that the bill is now being discussed
in the Senate upon a motion to reconsider.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then I hope we will not
go to business upon the Speaker's table until
that bill comes back.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes thirty-seven.
Before the noes were counted,
Mr. FARNSWORTH said: I withdraw the
motion to proceed to the consideration of
business upon the Speaker's table.
great and little osage indians.
The SPEAKER laid before House the fol-
lowing message from the President ot tbe Uni-
ted States:
To the House of Representatives :
In reply to the resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the 1st instant, I transmit herewith a
report from the Seeietary of tlieliiterior in reference
to the treaty now being negotiated between the Great,
and Little Osage Indians and the special Indian com-
missioners acting on the part of the United States.
ANDREW JOHNSON,
Washington. 13. C„ June 10,1868.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I move that the
message of the President, with the accom-
panying documents, be printed and referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, with instruc-
tions to investigate the circumstances attending
the negotiation of the treaty therein referred
to, and with power to send for persons and
papers. ,
Mr. CULLOM. Is that motion in order?
The SPEAKER. It is; but the Chair will
first take the question on the first part of the
motion, that the message and accompanying
papers be referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs and ordered to be printed. _ If there
be no objection, that will be considered as
agreed to.
There was no objection.
The SPEAKER. The question nowrecurs
on the motion that the Committee on Indian
Affairs be instructed to investigate the facts
referred to in the documents, with authority
to send for persons and papers.
Mr. CHANLER. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Kan-
sas has the right to make the motion, as it grows
out of the question now belore the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr CLARKE, of Kansas, moved to recon-
sider' the votes just taken; and also moved
