1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
655
lict in the performance of their duty if they
permitted any man to take a seat upon this
floor who was not loyal to the Government of
the United States. If a man comes here who
is a criminal, a felon, this body has a right to
protect itself from his presence. There is an
unwritten code of law on this subject, recog- I
nized by every deliberative body in the world,
by which it has a right to protect itself from
the presence and fellowship of disloyal men
or of great criminals or felons.
Now, sir, in referring to the evidence in this
case, I do not so much allude to any particular
passage as I do to the whole of it; and it
seems to me no Senator can read all this evi-
dence together without coming to the conclu-
sion that Mr. Thomas was engaged in the ,
rebellion, that he was a disloyal man, and that
he gave to it such aid and comfort as he could,
living as he did within the Union lines, in the
State of Maryland. We have a large amount ■
of testimony taken by the committe, and I
desire to call the attention of the Senators to
portions of this testimony taken by Mr. Thomas
himself in his exoneration from charges that ,
have been made against him.
After Mr. Thomas was nominated last spring :
by his party for this office he iiwde a speech to
the caucus, thanking them for his nomination,
and I desire now to begin the examination of
this testimony by calling the attention of the :
Senate to what he said last spring after his nom- i
ination. j
The man who reported his speech was
brought before the committee and stood by his
report. No witness was called on the other side
to disprove the truth of the report. A report
slightly different iu its character, which was sent
to two or three other newspapers, was presented
and read ; but the author of that report was not
summoned to prove that it was correct, and the
report of the speech of Mr. Thomas, made by
the person who was examined, stands uncon-
tradicted, and it shows his animus at the pre#.-,
ent time. I will refer to that report:
" Mr. Thomas ascended to the speaker's desk.and,
after returning thanks for the honor conferred upon
him, said he would pledge himself, if permitted to
take his seat in the united States Senate, to assert
the rights of his native State, and at the same time
to use his bestefforts to assist in the maintenance of
the Federal union. Alluding to the rebellion, he
. said he would not remind his audience of the scenes
I of blood and the estrangement of friends occasioned
by the war; that was now past. Of Congress, he said
that the men now assembled at Washington, before
the war occurred, were bent upon dissolving the
Union and they went to war, believing it tantamount
to its dismemberment."
Here is a distinct charge that it was the
Uttiott party of the North and the Union party
in Congress who went to war, who made the
war for the purpose of dissolving the Union.
" He said they were now bent npon the establish-
ment of a military despotism. He woaid go to the
Senate to face those men who are now and always
were traitors to the Vnion."
Thus designating every Union member of
this bqdy as a traitor to the Union, and saying
that he was coming here to face them. Well,
sir, if he does come here to face them it will
be by their permission. This indicates the
present temper of Mr. Thomas, and now I will
refer to the testimony of his son. I dq not
wish to charge his son with having evaded the
truth, with having committed perjury, but we
cannot read this evidence without being im-
pressed with the fact that there has been a
strong coloring given in his testimony fpr the
protection of his father. We find that Mr.
John Thomas begins his testimony tifter'a, few
questions in this wise:
"Question. State what Mr. Thomas's position was
during the war of the rebellion? . - ^ + ... 
"Antncer. I am quite uncertain as to his ppsition/'
How can it be possible that that son of hia>
who had remained at home during the war
until 1803, eighteen years old, was quite un-
certain about his father's position ? Does any-
body believe that ? Does anybody believe that
a. child twelve years old, about his father's
house, and who had heard the conversations
around the family hearthstone, did not know
his father's position about so great an event aa
this mighty war ^hieh was raging in the land ?
He says further:
"It depends entirely in what light you look on it,
what construction you put on the question."
This is the answer of the son.
"I have always Considered him a constitutional
Union man."
Well, sir, I think I understand that kind of
a man. A "constitutional Union man," as I
understand it, during the war, was a man who
lived inside of the Federal lines, but whose
heart and soul and sympathies were with the
rebellion; who tried by every means in his
power to bring about the success of the rebel- j
lion by denying the power of the Government, \
under the Constitution, to put it down by force
of arms. That is what I understand to have
been a constitutional Union man."
He is next asked where his father was dur-
ing the war, and he answers:
" He was in Talbot county, on his farm.
"Question. Do you rocoilect when he went there
from Washington?
"Answer. X think it was in April or May, 1861.
" Quettion. Do you know whether he remained there
during the continuance of the war; whether he cul-
tivated a farm during the whole war?
"Answer. He did.
" Question. State if you know of his doing any acts
either in aid of the Government or of the rebellion ?
" Answer. I do not know of his having done any-
thing openly on either side."
The son, upon his own oath, cannot state
that he knows of his father having done any-
thing openly upon either side.
" Question. Do you know of his having done any-
thing privately or secretly either way?
"Answer. No, sir.
"Question. Do you know of his furnishing any
means or any aid to anybody engaged either for the
Union or against the Union?
" Answer. No, sit."
This son, an acknowledged rebel, swearing
now for the purpose of protecting his father in
the enjoyment of a seat upon this floor, proves
conclusively that he'never did anything on be-
half of the Union: he swears that he cannot
tell upon which side his father was!
There are other passages in this evidence to
which I might refer, but I do not want to take
tip the time of the Senate. Presently this
question is put to the son by the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] in the committee :
"Question. In these statements of opposition that
your father mado to your going, did he object to your
going on the ground that you would be fighting on the
wrong side, and that you ought to enter the Union
Army; or on tho ground that the war was unjust on
the part of the rebels, and that you ought not to aid
them; or what was the ground on which he put his
opposition 1"
Here the question is a searching one ; npon
what ground did your father put his opposition
to your going into the army ; was it upon the
ground that the rebellion was wrong ; was it
upon the ground that he was opposed to this
great movement of secession ? and the answer
is: "Irideed, I cannot positively say." A
young man of some twenty-two or twenty-
three years of age when he gave this testi-
mony, living constantly about his father's
house up to the year 1863, when he attempted
to go into the rebel army, is wholly unable to
say upon what ground his father qpposed his
going into that .{irniy !
Sir, there is a large volume of truth that
comes right out here in defiance of the testi-
mony. We, whoknowtheintimacy of the family
relation, who know how freely thestflliing^ a're
talked of at home, cannot believe for one mo-
ment thai' this young man did npt know just
where his father stood, upon what ground his
father opposed his goirfg into'the rebel" arm/;
and if that ground had been because the re-
bellion' was wrong he would have sworn to it
when his father's seat in the Senate wag depend-
ing upon his oath. The Senator from Vermont
then asks him to give his recollection about it:
" Question. State to the best of your recollection.
■"Answer. One expression he used I told you. When
the rebel army made a raid into Maryland, after tbi
battle of Gettysburg, he said I had no right, as a
citizen of the State of Maryland, to leave my State
in the Union and join in the ranks of the rebel army.
That was his expression."
As the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard]
remarked a little while ago, here was a clear
and distinct recognition of the right of seces-
sion. The only objection he urged to his son's
going into the rebel army at that time was that
Maryland had not gone into rebellion, thereby
admitting that if Maryland had given her assent
to the rebellion he would have had the right to
go into the army. I say it proves too much
for their cause, because here is a clear and dis-
tinct admission of the doctrine of secession.
Mr. President, I do not deny or doubt that
Mr. Thomas was opposed to his son's going
into the rebel army. Almost every father
j would have a natural repugnance to his son
going into the army, and especially upon, a
desperate venture like that which the rebellion
seemed to be at that time. I have known
many Union men—fathers—as good and true
Union men, as there were in the country, who
still did not want their sons to go into the
Union Army; and I have known good and true
Union men, when their sons have gone in under
age, to take them out under a writ of habeas
corpus. The fact that Mr. Thomas did not
want his son to go into the rebel army does
not prove for a single moment that he was not
in favor of the rebellion.
Taking this evidence together, Mr. Presi-
dent, we cannot doubt for a single moment
that the heart of Mr. Thomas was in the re-
bellion—that his objections to his son going
into the army were not on account of the re-
bellion being wrong, but simply from parental
solicitude; and perhaps Mr. Thomas, being
a man of sagacity, could see in 1863, after the
battle of Gettysburg, that the rebellion was
upon its last legs and could not finally succeed.
If there was no other evidence in regard to
the status of Mr. Thomas except the testimony
of his son it would be overwhelming to my
mind; but, unfortunately for the case of Mr.
Thomas, it does not stop there. Now, bear-
ing this evidence in mind, I ask you to give
your attention to his letter of resignation just
read in your hearing by the Senator from
Michigan.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the date of that
letter ?
Mr. MORTON. January 11, 1861. From
the character of this letter and from the whole
testimony in this case I cannot for myself
doubt that Mr. Thomas was one of the original
conspirators in this rebellion. I say one of the
original conspirators in this rebellion ; and he
would have been as actively engaged in it as
any other man but for the fact that Maryland
was unexpectedly snatched from the jaws of
rebellion by subsequent events. He expected
his own State to go into it. It was known at that
time that there was not a more disloyal city in
the Union than the, city of Baltimore. It waa
the confident expectation of leading men of
Maryland that Maryland would go with Vir-
ginia and South Carolina and North Carolina,
and if it had not been for the subsequent course
of events, by which Maryland was held for the
time in the Union by force of arms, I have no
doubt Maryland would have passed an ordi-
nance of secession. When gentlemen talk aoout
the loyalty of Maryland allow me -to say that
it was a constrained loyalty. .Maryland would
have gone into the rebellion but for the pres-
ence of the. ^rBiies of the United States, that
prevented her from doing so, and we should
then have found where Mr. Thomas stood.
Sir, what is this letter when we come to
examine it? I will again read a portion of it
for the purpose of connecting it with the great
events to which Mr. Thomas himself refers.
This letter was written to Mr. Buchanan; and
here I wish to say a word in,regard to Mr.
Buchanan. When the work of secession first
began and South Carolina took the first steps
in that direction, the sympathies of Mr. Bu-
chanan then, as I presume they always were,
wer^ entirely with the South and opposed to
the North. When Congress met in December,
1860, Mr. Buchanan sent his message to that
body, in which, while he theoretically denied
the right of secession, he yet declared that
there was no constitutional power to prevent a
State seceding from the Union; and ne there-
