2040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
relatioa to Indian affairs ought not to prevent
us from acting upon the question raised by his
amendment and acting upon it now. I am in
favorof this amendment. 1 believe that we
need not keep back from declaring our true
opinion because by possibility there may be
some uncertainty hanging over Indian affairs.
I believe that under a policy such as has been
favored by the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri who now has charge of the Indiau Com-
mittee, in the light of the experience of the
commission organised last sufnmer and the
experience of the commission to which I have
referred sent out in 1805, a little expenditure
can keep the peace on our frontiers and pre-
vent wars with the Indians.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
Senator who offers the amendment if it is
practicable to reduce the Army in this way.
Ought there not to be a bill providing how
many regiments shall constitute the infantry,
how many companies or guns shall constitute
the artillery, how many regiments shall con-
stitute the cavalry of the Army of the United
States? To reduce the Army in a proper way
is it not necessary that Congress should pass a
bill of that description; or is it practicable to
say that the Army of the United States shall
only consist of thirty thousand men, rank and
file, and then leave it for the President or some
other individual to muster out whoever he
pleases, whatever branch he pleases, or retain
whatever branch he pleases ?
Mr. BUCK ALB W. I will answer the Sen-
ator's point. The amendment confers authority
to make all necessary regulations for the pur-
pose of carrying into effect the reduction. If,
in addition to that power, it be thought desir-
able to discriminate between the different
branches of the service—the cavalry, infantry,
and artillery—or to make any other regulation,
it will be perfectly feasible to add it afterward
in the Senate or in the committee of confer-
ence. What I desire is that the Senate in
this vote shall begin this process of reduction
at the only point where it cau begin—in Con-
gress. I want this amendment, if it is to be
adopted, sent to a committee of conference,
which will be composed, doubtless, of mem-
bers of the military committees of the two
Houses; let them confer together, if they
choose, and consult with the General of the
Ariny, and see what can be done. Let us get
something effective, instead of allowing every-
thing to drift along. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalow, Davis, Doolittie, Ferry,
Fowler, Johnson, McCreery, Patterson of Tennessee,
Saulsbury, Sprague, ami Viekors—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Cole, Conkling, Conness,
Corbett, Drake, Edmunds, Frehnghuysen, Grimes,
Henderson, Howard, 1J owe, Morgan, Moirill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Sumner,
Tipton, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Williams, and
Wilson—27.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cameron,
Chandler, Cragin, Dixon, Fessenden, Harlan, Hend-
ricks, Morton, Norton, Ross, Stewart, Thayer, Trum-
bull, and Yates—16.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON". I offer an amendment which
will make a large reduction in expenses, and I
take it no one will oppose it. It has passed
the Senate once without any opposition as a
separate bill. It is to add as additional sec-
tions the following:
And be it further enacted, That the grade of regi-
mental commissary in the several cavalry regiments
shall be, and it is hereby, abolished; and the lieu-
tenants now holding the appointments of regimental
commissary may be assigned for duty to companies
of their regiments, and shall fill the first vacancies
that may occur in their respective grades of first or
seoond lieutenant in the regiments to which they
now belong; and nothing herein contained shall
affect their relative rank with other lieutenants of
their grade.
And be it further enacted, That the grades of regi-
mental commissary sergeant, regimental hospital
steward, and veterinary surgeon are hereby abol-
ished, and the number of corporals in each company
of cavalry, artillery, and infantry shall be reduced
to four, and the said non-eommissioned officers shall
nave the privilege of receiving an honorable dis-
charge, with full pay and allowances to the actual
date thereof, if they shall so elect, in preference to
remaining in the service in such othergrades as may
be assigned to them by the Secretary of War.
And it be further enacted. That fourteen of the
bands authorized by section seven of the act to
increase and fix the military peace establishment,
approved July 28,1$i3G, not to include the band at
the Military Aeademy, shailbe honorably discharged
without delay, and their discharges shall take effect
so as to entitle them to receive fall pay and allow-
ances to the actual date thereof.
And it be further enacted. That nothing in this act
shall be so construed as to authorize the discharge of
any commissioned officor, and officers of the Army
on leave or on the retired list shall not beeonsidered
as changing station when obeying an order for duty.
And it be further enactcd, That no bounty shall bo
paid to a deserter from the Army or the Navy in any
ease whatever, unless the Secretaryof War or the
Secretary of the JNavy, as the case may be, shall pre«*
viously order the charge of desertion to be canceled,
solely on the ground that it had been erroneou^y
made, and all acts and parts of acts inconsistent with
the provisions of this act are hereby repealed.
I will simply state that this proposition will
save, it is supposed, some two or three million
dollars. It has been approved by the General
of the Army and, I believe, the Secretary of
War. The Senate once passed it without any
opposition as a separate bill with another sec-
tion, to which objection has been raised in the
House of Representatives, and it has not been
acted on there. I hope, therefore, no opposi-
tion will be made to it now,' unless it be on the
general principle that you do not want any
amendment on the bill in the nature of general
legislation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I was about to
suggest to the honorable Senator that I do not
see any objection to the proposition itself, and
I dare say the Committee on Appropriations
would be very glad to cooperate with him in
the passage of such a bill ; but it is so entirely
independent in its character that it seems to me
it ought not to be insisted on as an amendment
to this bill. It is an entire independent bill of
four or five sections, which it is impossible for
the Senate to consider now. The Senate cer-
tainly will have to take it altogether upon the
credit of the honorable Senator, which I con-
sider good authority 
Mr. WILSON. The Senator will allow me
to interpose. If he makes the objection simply
on the ground that he desires to keep the ap-
propriation bill clean from general legislation
I will not press the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is the great
object, I think.
Mr. WILSON. Every section of the amend-
ment will save money to the Treasury. The
Committee on Military Affairs thought on ex-
amination it would save two or three millions.
We reported it sometime ago as a separate
bill, and the Senate passed it without any op-
position; but no action has been had on it in
the other House. There was another section
in the bill, which I have left out in this amend-
ment, to which, I understand, some objection
lias been made. But, as the Senator from
Maine wishes to keep the bill clean from gen-
eral legislation, I withdraw the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment proposed by the
Senator from California [Mr. Cosxess] was
lost. I should like to have another vote
upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senalorfrom New
Hampshire, to reconsider the vote by which
the amendment of the Senator from California
was rejected.
Mr. CONNESS. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cattell, Cole, Coimess,
Corbett, Cragin, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Drake,
Ferry, Fowler, Hendricks, McCreery, Nye, Patter-
son of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Itamsey, Saulsbury, and
Williams—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Conkling, Edmunds,
Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Henderson, Howe, Johnson,
Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, Ross, Sherman, Sumner, Tipton, Van Winkle,
Viekors, Wade, Willey, and Wilson—20.
ABSENT—Messrs, Anthony, Bayard, Cameron,
Fessenden, Harlan, Howard, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Norton, Sprague, Stewart, Thayer, Trum-
bull, and Yates—14.
So the motion to reconsider was not i
to.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersos, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 122) for the relief of the heirs of
Major A. L. Brewer, late a paymaster in the
United States Army.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 389) exempt-
ing property in the District of Columbia held
and used for school purposes from local taxa-
tion, with an amendment, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 818) making ap-
propriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1869,
and for other purposes, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
SCHOOL PROPERTY IN THE DISTKICT.
The PRESIDENT ■pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill {S. No. 389) ex-
empting property in the District of Columbia
held and used for school purposes from local
taxation.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out all of the bill after the enact-
ing clause and to insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing:
That all real and personal property in the District
of Columbia now under the school laws of said Dis-
trict, or hereafter to be held by the trustees of col-
ored schools for the cities of Washington and George-
town, and by the board of commissioners of primary
schools of Washington county, District of Columbia,
in trust for the use of colored schools, shall be, so
long as held for that purpose, exempt from local tax-
ation, except such as are authorized by the charter
of said cities, and by the law establishing the levy
court of the county of Washington for special pur-
poses; and it shall not be lawtui for the municipal
authorities of either of said cities, or the levy court
of the county of Washington, to collect any tax that
may have accrued against, or been levied or assessed
upon, any such property since said trustees of col-
ored schools or board of commissioners of primary
schools, as the case may be, acquired the title orright
to occupy or use the same for sueli purposes, oxecpt
such taxes as may have accrued, or been levied or
assessed, for special purposes as aforesaid.
Sec. 2. And beit further enacted, Thatitshallbethe
duty of such member of the board of trustees of the
schools for colored children in the cities aforesaid
as now is or shall be, by said board of trustees, from
time to time, hereafter designated or selected to act
as treasurer thereof, to give separate bonds every
year to tbo municipal authorities of said cities of
Washington and Georgetown respectively, with two
sureties each, to be approved by the mayors of said
cities respectively, in a penal sum to be fixed annu-
ally by tho mayors of said cities respectively, for
the safe-keeping and faithful disbursement of such
moneys as shall, fioui time to time, be paid to said
trustees by the municipal authorities of said cities
for educational purposes,under and by virtue of tho
provisions of tho eighteenth and nineteenth sections
of the act of Congress, approved June 25,1S61, " to
provide for tho public instruction of youth in tbo
county of Washington, District of Columbia, and for
other purposes,*' and the declaratory act, approved
July 2-'J, IStiO, " relating to public schools in the Dis-
trict of Columbia."
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That lfc shall not
bo lawful for said trustees of the schools for colored
children to expend in either of said cities moneys
received under the provisions of said acts from the
municipal authorities of the other,
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to refer the
amendment to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
Mr. CONNESS. Is there anything further
from the House?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to refer this amendment
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 818) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1809, and
for other purposes, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
