3^04
CONGRESSIONAL &
June 1L
that the motion to reconsider Be laid on the
'The latter motion was agreed- to.
promotion of american commerce.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
after the morning hoar is the bill (H. R. No.
929) to promote American commerce, on which
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot]
is entitled to the flobr.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, gentlemen on
both sides of the House are desirous that this
bill should be postponed for a few days, in
order that the tSx bill may be proceeded with.
The gentleirian from Ohio [Mr. Schexck]
gave notice yesterday that when this bill from
the Committee on Commerce should come
before the House he would ask its postpone-
ment. I am very anxious that when it shall
come up for discussion, it shall have the atten-
tion of the House, so that some final decision
may be reached. I therefore, at the request
of several gentlemen, move that the bill (H.
R. No. 929) to promote American commerce,
and the emigrant bill which is to be considered
in connection with it, be postponed until next
Wednesday, after the morning hour, with the
same priority that those bills now have; and I
will say frankly that if the tax bill shall then
be under discussion I shall probably ask that
this subject may be still further postponed.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the motion of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Eliot] will be regarded as agreed to.
There was no objection.
dispensing witii evening session.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise for the purpose of
moving that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole upon the tax bill.
f Mr. GARFIELD. I hope my colleague will
give way for a motion the object of which I
will state. In view of the fact that the House
has now been occupied for a number of niglits
in succession, I desire to move that the session
of to-day be continued till half pastfive o'clock,
and that then weadjourn, thus dispensing with
the evening session. I think this proposition
will be generally acceptable.
Mr. CULLOM. I object to it.
- .Mr. GARFIELD. I would like my colleague
[Mr. Schexck] to say whether he will not con-
sent, to the proposition I have made.
Mr. SCHEN CK. I have been applied to by
a great many gentlemen, who complain that to
work every night in the week is too much.
We have met now three nights in succession,
and I would assent to my colleague's proposi-
tion if the House would certainly keep a quo-
rum here till half past five o'clock. If that
arrangement cannot be made I shall object.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have no doubt the
House will agree to that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
& majority of the House can rescind the order
for an evening session; but it requires unan-
imous consent to order that the House or the
Committee of the Whole shall remain in ses-
sion till a particular order, thus precluding a
motion that the House adjourn or the commit-
tee rise.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am aware of that, and
hence I ask that there shall be unanimous con-
sent to the arrangement.
Mr. MULLINS. I shall not consent. Let
ns go on as we have done.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not mean to ask that
the standing order shall be rescinded except
for to-day, so that gentlemen may have one
evening's rest.
Mr. GARFIELD. My proposition had ref-
erence only to to-day.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I think the gentle-
man could more readily obtain assent to a
proposition for meeting at an earlier hour.
Mr. SCHENCK. If I do not get unanimous
consent I cannot yield to the suggestion.
Mr. MULLINS. I object. I am opposed
to making arrangements one day and disar-
ranging them the next.
internal bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that tlie^ales be
suspended, and that the Hous£ resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state, of
the Union on the tax bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr,
Pomeroy in the chair,) and resumed the con
sideration of the special order, being the.bill
(H. R. No. 1080) to reduce into one act and to
amend the laws relating to internal taxes.
The CHAIRMAN.'. The pending paragraph
■was as follows:
Manufacturers, not otherwise charged with a spe-
cial tax, shaLl each pay ten dollars; and all manu-
facturers whose annual sales oxcced §o,(XK) (except
those otherwiso provided for, or those on whose prod-
ucts aspecifictax is imposed.) shall pay two dollars
for each.additional $1,000 on the amountof .their sales
in excess of $5,000. Every person who shall manu-
facture by hand or maohinery, in whole or in part,
any goods, wares, or meichandise, and whose annual
sales ot such products shall exceed $5,000, or who shall
manufacture or prepare for sale any article or com-
pound on which a specific tax i3not imposed, orwho
shall put up for sale in packages, with his own name
or trade-mark thereon, any article or compound on
which aspecifix tax is uotimposcd, shall be regarded
as a manufacturer. But in making the assessment
of tax a deduction shall be allowed of all sales in-
cluded in the return of any manufacturer which shall
be shown to have been made by or through any
authorized agent of such manufacturer, such agent
having included such sales in the return made by
him to the assessor or assistant assessor of the dis-
trict in which he is doing business, and having paid
the tax thereon.
The pending amendment, offered by Mr.
Schenck, was as follows:
Strike out the paragraph, and in lieu thereof insert
as follows:
Whose annual sales exceed $5,000 shall each pay
ten doilarb, and it'nospeciticor stamp tax is imposed
on their products shall pay, in addition, two dollars
for each it,000 of sales in excess ot $5,000. And man-
ufacturers' returns shall include all sales made in
general for the account of tho manufacturer. Every
person who shall manufacture by hand or machin-
ery, in whole or in part, any goods, wares, or mer-
chandise, or who shall manulacture or prepare tor
sale any article or compound on which a specific or
stam>p tax is not imposed, or who shall put up tor
sale in packages with his own name or trade-inark
thereon, any articlo or compound ou which a special
or stamp tax isnot imposed, shall be regarded as a
manufacturer: Provided, That no person shall bo
regarded as a manufacturer who simply makes but-
ter and cheese, or either of them, for his own con-
sumption or for market.
The pending amendment to the amendment,
submitted by Mr. Ferry, was to insert "ex-
cept unmanufactured lumber and breadstnfFs."
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, gentlemen
should know how this question now stands. It
is thus: the Committee of Ways and Means
have proposed a modification of this whole
paragraph, so as to make it clear that all man-
ufacturers who sell less than $5,000 a year are
released from any tax on sales or any tax
whatever. To this an amendment has been
offered excepting breadstuffs and lumber.
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment
is now in order.
The committee divided on Mr. Ferry's
amendment; and there were—ayes 28, noes
40; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers ; and ap-
pointed Mr. Ferry and Mr. Niblack.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 43, noes 48.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected. -
Mr. CULLOM. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting "except the manufac-
ture of sugar from beets."
Mr. Chairman, I trust the Committee of
Ways and Means will accept that amendment.
This is an interest which has just been started
in the United States. There are only two or
three establishments now manufacturing sugar
from beets, and, so far as I know, up to this
time none of them have made anything, although
their sales may be over $5,000 per annum.
Mr. SCHENCK. Our idea is to equalize
the burdens of taxation, and we have relieved
everybody whose sales do not exceed §5,000
a year. If these are small concerns struggling
into existence, then they have not reached that
Mr. CULLOMi Their sales do exceed
$5,ooo.: /-
Mr. SCHENCK. Tbea they ought to be
taxed.
Mr. CI/LLO'M. Although their gales may
amount to over $5,000 per annum, yet the
troth is they have not made one eeuf. I think
it is an interest whieh ought to be encouraged
by the people of the United States.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to ask the com-
mittee, before adopting this amendment, to
strike out the words "from beets."' If'the
amendment is to- be adopted at all it onght not
to be limited to the production of sugar i'roi 
that specific article. Now, the general sugar
interest was much impaired by the war.
Mr. PAINE. What is- the amendment?
Mr. MAYNARD. If the manufaeture of
sugar be exempted then the entire sugar manu-
facturing interest of the country should be ex-
empted. It was impaired and almost destroyed
by the war. It is desirable to resuscitate
this great commercial interest of the eouniry.
And if I may be allowed a single moment
here by way of digression, to shovtf the great
advantage to the country of protecting, its own
industry over not protecting it, I will cite the
instance of two articles, sugar and salt. The
southern confederacy, as long as the sugar
iiiterest was protected by legislation, continued
to have an abundance of that article—more
than they wanted. But in regard to salt, which
never had been protected, although it might
have been produced there, it was, in point of
fact, not produced, and the people were driven
almost to the point where they famished for
the want of it. There could be no instance
illustrating more fully the general policy of
protesting our own interests by legislation, thaa
the experience respecting those two articles in
the southern confederacy. If the manufacture
of sugar is excepted at all, I hope it will
embrace generally the sugar manufacture.
Mr. SCHENCK. This bill lets off, as we
did on the 1st of Mareh last, all sugar from a
tax of one cent a pound, which is more than
one fifth of one per cent.
Mr. CULLOM. I do not think it is fair to
include the manufacture of sugar from cane, or
those substances which have been reeognized
as elements for making sugar time out of
mind. The marinfactare of sugar from beets
is an experiment which has never been fairly
tested in this country. If it were not for the
fact that this business is struggling into exist-
ence, and it is yet to be tested whether it will
prove successful, I would not ask this excep-
tion at all. But not having yet been tested, I
think we ought to relieve it from this special
tax.
The amendment of Mr. Cuixom was dis-
agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Schexck, as amended by the adoption
of the amendment of Mr. Spalding.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I move to amend the
amendment by adding at the close of the par-
agraph the following:
Provided, That manufacturers who have paid a
tax as dealers, shall bo permitted to sell their prod-
ucts without additional tax.
I do not know but this is provided for.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is all provided for.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I made the amend-
ment in order to make the inquiry. I now
withdraw it.
Mr. FLANDERS. I move to amend by
inserting in line seven hundred aud seventy-
seven, after the word "dollars," the follow-
ing:
Provided, That the value of the lumbnr shall be
estimated at the mill where it is manufactured.
I offer this for the purpose of inquiring of
the chairman of the committee if lumber manu-
factured at Puget sound, for instance, and sold
in San Francisco, after having paid a freight
of eight dollars per thousand feet, is to be
taxed at San Francisco. Many of the manu-
facturers of lumber at Puget sound reside in
San Francisco, and sell their lumber there after
paying the freight. Now, will they have to pay
