1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
541
Laivs of the United States.
40th Cong.,.,2d Sess.
fined fifty dollars for each box in respect to
■which such offense shall be committed.
Sec. 89. And be it further enacted. That all
cigars which shall be removed from any manu-
factory or place where cigars are made with-
out the same being packed in boxes as required
by this act, or without the proper stamp there-
on denoting the tax, or without burning into
each box with a branding-iron the number of
the cigars contained therein, and the name of
the manufacturer, and the number of the dis-
trict and the State, or without the stamp de-
noting the tax thereon being properly affixed
and canceled, or which shall be sold or offered
for sale not properly boxed and stamped, shall
be forfeited to the United States. And any
person who shall commit any of the above-
described offenses shall, on conviction, be
fined for each such offense not less than one
hundred dollars nor more than one thousand
dollars, and imprisoned not less than six
months nor more than two years. And any
person who shall pack cigars in any box bear-
ing a false or fraudulent or counterfeit stamp,
or who shall remove or cause to be removed
any stamp denoting the tax on cigars from any
box, with intent to use the same, or who shall
use or permit any other person to use any
stamp so removed, or who shall receive, buy,
sell, give away, or have in his possession any
stamp so removed, or who shall make any
other fraudulent use of any stamp or stamped
box, intended for cigars, or who shall remove
from the place of manufacture any cigars not
properly boxed and stamped as required by
law, shall be deemed guilty of a felony, and,
on conviction, shall be fined not less than one
hundred dollars nor more than one thousand
dollars, and imprisoned not less than six
months nor more than three years.
Sec. 90. And be it further enacted, That the
absence of the proper revenue stamp on any
box of cigars sold, or offered for sale, or kept
for sale, shall be notice to all persons that the
tax has not been paid thereon, and shall be
prima facie evidence of the non-payment there-
of; and such cigars shall be forfeited to the
United States.
Seo. 91. And be it further enacted, That in
all cases whore cigars of any description are
manufactured, in whole or in part, upon com-
mission or shares, or where the material is
furnished by one party and manufactured by
another, or where the material is furnished or
sold by one party with an understanding or
agreement with another that the cigars are to
be received in payment therefor, or for any
part thereof, the stamps required by law shall
be affixed by the actual maker before the cigars
are removed from the place of manufacturing.
And in case of fraud on the part of either of
said parties in respect to said manufacture, or
of any collusion on their part with intent to
defraud the revenue, such material and cigars
shall be forfeited to the United States, and
every person engaged in such fraud or collusion
shall, on conviction, be fined not less than one
hundred dollars nor more than five thousand
dollars, and imprisoned for not less than six
months nor more than three years.
Sec. 92. And be it further enacted, That any
manufacturer of cigars who shall remove or
sell any cigars without payment of the special
tax as a cigar manufacturer, or without having
given bond as such, or without the proper
stamps denoting the tax thereon, or who shall
make false or fraudulent entries of manufac-
tures or sale of any cigars, or who shall make
false or fraudulent entries of the purchase or
sales of leaf tobacco, tobacco stems, or other
material used in the manufacture of cigars, or
who shall affix any false, forged, spurious, fraud-
ulent, or counterfeit stamp, or imitation of any
stamp, required by law to any box containing
any cigars shall, in addition to the penalties
elsewhere provided in this act for such offenses,
forfeit to the United States all raw material
and manufactured or partly manufactured
tobacco and cigars, and all machinery, tools,
implements, apparatus, fixtures, boxes, bar-
rels, and all other materials, which shall be
found in the possession of such person, or in
his manufactory, and used in his business as
such manufacturer, together with his estate or
interest in the building or factory and the lot
or tract of ground on which such building or
factory is located, and all appurtenances there-
unto pertaining.
Sec. 93. And be it further enacted, That all
cigars imported from foreign countries after the
passage of this act, shall,' in addition to the
import duties imposed on the same, pay the
tax prescribed in this act for cigars manufac-
tured in the United States, and have the same
stamps affixed. Such stamps shall be affixed
and canceled by the owner or importer of
cigars while they are in the custody of the
proper custom-house officers ; and such cigars
shall not pass out of the custody of such offi-
cers until the stamps have been so affixed and
canceled, but shall be put up in boxes con-
taining quantities as prescribed in this act for
cigars manufactured in the United States before
such stamps are affixed. And the owner or
importer of such cigars shall be liable to all
the penal provisions of this act, prescribed for
manufacturers of cigars manufactured in the
United States. Where it shall be necessary to
take any of such cigars, so imported, to any
place for the purpose of affixing and canceling
such stamps, other than the public stores of
the United States, the collector of customs of
the port where such cigars shall be entered
shall designate a bonded warehouse to which
they shall be taken, under the control of such
customs officer as such collector may direct.
And any officer of customs who shall permit
any such cigars to pass out of his custody or
control without compliance by the owner or
importer thereof with the provisions of this
section relating thereto shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor, and shall, on conviction
thereof, be fined not less than one thousand
dollars nor more than .five thousand dollars,
and imprisoned not less than six months nor
more than three years.
Sec. 94. And be itf urther enacted, That from
and after the passage of this act it shall be the
duty of every dealer in cigars, either of foreign
or domestic manufacture, having on hand more
than five thousand thereof, imported or manu-
factured, or purporting or claimed to have been
imported or manufactured, prior to the pas-
sage of this act, to immediately make a true
and correct inventory of the quantity of such
cigars in his possession, under oath or affirm-
ation, and to deposit such inventory wiih the
assistant assessor of the proper division, who
shall immediately return the same to the assess-
or of the district, who shall immediately there-
after make an abstract of the several such
inventories filed in his office, and transmit the
same to the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue ; and a like inventory and return shall be
made on the first day of every month thereaf-
ter, and a like abstract of inventories shall be
transmitted, while any such dealer has any
such cigars remaining on hand, uutil the first
day of April, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine.
After the first day of April, eighteen hundred
and sixty-nine, all cigars of every description
shall be taken to have been either manufac-
tured or imported after the passage of this act,
and shall be stamped accordingly ; and any
person who shall sell, or offer for sale, after
the first day of April, eighteen hundred and
sixty-nine, any imported cigars, or cigars pur-
porting or claimed to have been imported, not
so put up in packages and stamped as pro-
vided by this act, shall, on conviction thereof,
be fined not less than five hundred dollars nor
more than five thousand dollars, and impris-
oned not less than six months nor more than
two years.
Sec. 95. And be it further enacted, That any
person who shall, after the passage of this act,
sell or offer for sale any cigars, representing
the same to have been manufactured and the
tax paid thereon prior to the passage of this
act, when the same were not so manufactured
and tie tax not so paid, shall be liable to a
penalty of five hundred dollars for each offense,
and shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and, on conviction, shall be fined not less than
five hundred dollars nor more than five thou-
sand dollars, and imprisoned not less than six
months nor more than three years.
Sec. 96. And be it further enacted, That if
any distiller, rectifier, wholesale liquor dealer,
compounder of liquors, or manufacturer of
tobacco or cigars, shall knowiugly and willfully
omit, neglect, or refuse to do or cause to be
done any of the things required by law in the
carrying on or conducting of his business, or
shall do anything by this act prohibited, if
there be no specific penalty or punishment
imposed by any other section of this act for
the neglecting, omitting, or refusing to do, or
for the doing or causing to be done the thing
required or prohibited, he shall pay a penalty
of one thousand dollars; and if the person so
offending be a distiller, rectifier, wholesale
liquor dealer, or compounder of liquors all
distilled spirits or liquors owned'by him, or in
which he has any interest as owner, and if
he be a manufacturer of tobacco or cigars all
tobacco or cigars found in his manufactory,
shall be forfeited to the United States.
Sec. 97. And be it further enacted, That any
internal revenue officer who shall beor become
interested, directly or indirectly, in the manu-
facture of tobacco, snuff, or cigars, or in the
production, rectification, or redistillation of
distilled spirits, shall be dismissed from office ;
and any such officer who shall become so in-
terested in any such manufacture or produc-
tion, rectification, or redistillation, shall, on
conviction, be fined not less than five hundred
dollars nor more than five thousand dollars.
Sec. 98. And be it further enacted, That if
any officer or agent appointed and acting under
the authority of any revenue law of the United
States shall be guilty of any extortion or willful
oppression, under color of law ; or shall know-
ingly demand other or greater sums than shall
be authorized by law ; or shall receive any fee,
compensation, or reward for the performance
of any duty, except as by law prescribed; or
shall willfully neglect to perform any of the
duties enjoined on him by law ; or shall con-
spire or collude with any other person to de
fraud the United States ; or shall make oppor-
tunity for any person to defraud the U nited
States; or shall do, or omit to do, any act with
intent to enable any other person to defraud
the United States; or shall negligently or de-
signedly permit any violation of the law by any
other person ; or shall make or sign any false
entry in any book, or make or sign any false
certificate or return in any case where he is by
law or regulation required to make any entry,
certificate, or return ; or having knowledge or
information of the violation of any revenue law
by any person, or of fraud committed by any
person against the United States under any
revenue law of the United States, shall fail to
report, in writing, such knowledge or informa-
tion to his next superior officer, and to the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue: orshall de-
mand, or accept, or attempt to collect, directly
or indirectly, as payment or gift or otherwise,
any sum of money or other thing of value for
the compromise, adjustment, or settlement of
any charge or complaint for any violation or
alleged violation of law, except as expressly
authorized bylaw so to do, he shall be dismissed
from office, and shall be held to be guilty of a
misdemeanor, and shall, on conviction, befined
not less than one thousand dollars nor more
than five thousand dollars, and imprisoned not
less than six months nor more than three years.
