1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
657
are disloyal to the Government to occupy
seats in this body. Is there any more danger
in trusting the power to decide upon what is
not defined in the Constitution to the Legisla-
tive Assembly of a State than there is in trust-
ing that power to the Senate of the United
States? Is not the Legislature of a State in-
terested in its welfare, its prosperity, its good
reputation? And is it not probable that the
Representatives of a State Assembly in its
Legislature will take as good care of the inter-
ests of that State as the Senate of the United
States will? Is it to be assumed that the Sen-
ate of the United States is more competent to
decide upon the personal fitness of a man, to
decide upon his character, to decide upon his
personal qualifications, than the Legislative
Assembly of a State ?
Suppose, sir, a man is chosen from a State
who is intemperate in habits and for that rea-
son unfit in the estimation of a majority of this
body to occupy a seat in the Senate, has this
body a right to revise the decision of the State
Legislature upon that question ? Suppose a
man is objectionable on any other ground of
moral delinquency, who is to decide and deter-
mine that question? Is there danger in allow-
ing the Legislative Assembly of a State to decide
these questions which concern the personal fit-
ness of a candidate? Does not the Constitu-
tion contemplate that the Legislative Assembly
of the State shall decide some questions which
are concerned in the election of a Senator?
If so, what questions are to be determined by
that body?
Now, sir, I know the answer which is made
to the arguments that are offered in favor of
this view of the subject, and it is that some
man who is disloyal may be admitted to a seat
in this body. To that I say I do not question
the power of the Congress of the United States
to define the qualifications of a Senator in this
body, and he must possess, before he can be
admitted to a seat here, those qualifications
which are defined by law; but I deny that
the Senate of the United States can make a
qualification for each individual case as it may
arise. The Senate has a right under the Con-
stitution to decide as to the qualifications of its
members. What does that mean ? Does it not
, mean that the Senate may determine whether or
* not a man possesses those qualifications which
the Constitution and the laws of the country
require that he shall possess? Or does it
mean that when a man is duly elected by a
State and comes here with his credentials the
Senate may object to him on special grounds
applicable only to that individual? Can the
Senate make a qualification and say he ought
not to be admitted to his seat because he is
not an honest, an intelligent, or a patriotic cit-
izen, or because he does not possess some
other personal quality which in the judgment
of the Senate he ought to possess?
Congress may provide by law that no man
who has given aid and countenance to the re-
bellion shall be allowed to occupy a seat in
Congress; but according to my view of the
law—and I suppose in that respect I differ with
a majority of the members of this body—there
is no enactment upon the statute-books of the
United States declaring that any man who has
been connected with the rebellion shall be dis-
qualified from holding a seat in this body.
There is a statute which was passed on the 2d
of July, 1862, which requires every person who
is appointed or elected to office to take a cer-
tain oath which that law prescribes; but it
does not say that the oath shall be true when
it is taken, or otherwise the party shall not be
allowed to take his seat. When a man, elected
to the Senate, comes here with his credentials
and proposes to take this oath, can the Senate
decide that he shall not take the oath and so
not allow him to qualify himself as the law
prescribes?
This law applies to all officers of the United
States, with the exception of the President,
and the question is not as to whether the can-
didate has or has not been connected with the
rebellion, but the question is, what means has
40th Coxa. '2d Sess.—No. 42.
Congress prescribed for ascertaining and de-
termining that fact. Does not Congress say
in effect in this law that the question as to
whether or not the candidate has given aid to
the rebellion shall be determined in the first
place by the oath of the candidate?
This law, as I say, applies to all persons
appointed or elected to office. Suppose a man
is appointed collector of internal revenue, and
possesses all the other qualifications prescribed
by law and proposes to take this oath, are
there any proceedings known to the law by
which he can be prevented from taking the
oath and entering upon the discharge of the
duties of his office? Suppose a man is ap-
pointed Secretary of State, and he is qualified
in all respects, and proposes to take this oath,
what tribunal has power to decide that he shall
not take the oath and so enter into the posses-
sion of his office? Every Senator must admit
that, with the exception of members of Con-
gress, every officer of the United States may
take this oath and nobody is authorized to
object. That is not true in point of fact, but
the law authorizes him to take the oath, and
when he has taken it he becomes entitled to
the possession ©f the office. Now, is there one
rule under this law for Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congress and another rule for all
other officers under the Government?
Manifestly the law contemplates that this
course shall be pursued, for it provides that:
" Any person who shall falsely take said oath shall
be guilty of perjury, and on conviction, in addition to
the penaltiesnow prescribed for that offense, shall be
deprived of his office and rendered incapable forever
after of holding any offioe or place under the United
States'.'"
Does not the law contemplate that a person
who is otherwise qualified may at his peril
take this oath and enter into the possession of
his office, and that if the oath be false when it
is taken he may be prosecuted, convicted of
perjury, and under the law he may then be
deprived of his office? But can he be deprived
of his office under this law before he takes the
oath ? Does this law contemplate that an offi-
cer appointed or elected shall be put upon his
trial for perjury before he takes the oath; or
does it mean that he shall be put upon trial
for perjury after the oath is taken and after he
has entered into the possession of the office?
Now, sir, what is the rule that obtains
throughout all legislation in reference to pro-
ceedings of this kind? Whenever the law gives
to a man a right upon his affidavit, is it not
true that when the affidavit is made as re-
quired he becomes entitled to that right, no
matter whether the oath be true or false? Sup-
pose that the plaintiff in a suit may have an
attachment against the defendant upon filing
his affidavit in court setting forth certain facts,
and he proceeds and files his affidavit accord-
ing to law, I ask if he is not entitled to the
attachment, though every word of the affidavit
may be false? Who is to determine whether
it is false or true ? No doubt, if the law so
provides, after the attachment is issued the
defendant may controvert the truth of the affi-
davit; but that is only in cases where the law
so expressly provides. But, sir, when the
plaintiff appears before the court and makes
that affidavit as the law requires can the de-
fendant appear and defeat his application on
the ground that the affidavit which he proposes
to make will not be true?
When a man is appointed to an office he
either has or has not a right to enter into its
possession. It seems to me that if this law
contemplated that before the oath was taken a
proceeding should be instituted to determine
as to whether it would or would not be true,
provision would have been made for its appli-
cation to all officers under the Government.
Nobody will pretend that it applies to any, or
can be made to apply to any, but Senators and
Representatives in Congress; and so a differ-
ent rule is made for one set of officers from
that which applies to another set of officers
under the Government.
I know it will be objected that if this view of
the subject be correct, John C. Breckinridge,
if he should be elected to the Senate from the
State of Kentucky, or Jefferson Davis maycome
here and take this oath, and so become a mem-
ber of this body. As was well remarked by
the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] the
other day, these extreme cases prove nothing
as to a law or as to a rule. It is an improba-
ble if not an impossible case that John C.
Breckinridge or Jefferson Davis should appear
in this body and before the world take this
oath that they had never been connected with
this rebellion at all, and so stand in the eyes
of all mankind convicted of perjury. I would
not allow Jefferson Davis or John C. Breckin-
ridge or any man of that description to occupy
a seat in this body; but if one of those men
should so far forget what was due to himself
and to truth, should be so base and corrupt as
to come here and in the presence of this nation
swear that he had never been connected with
the rebellion, I would have him prosecuted
forthwith for perjury under this law, as he
might be, and forthwith ejected from his seat.
Mr. CONNESS. Suppose you had not votes
enough to expel him?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Sir, I have too much
respect for the members of the Senate of the
United States to suppose that when a man has
been duly convicted of perjury that they would
not expel him from his seat in this body. Some-
body has got to be trusted in reference to this
matter. Are wo afraid to trust ourselves? Are
we afraid that if we know a man of that descrip-
tion has committed the crime of perjury we
will not have self-respect enough to purge the
Senate by his expulsion from his seat?
Now, sir, I can suppose a case on the other
side. Suppose some young man was inveigled
into this rebellion at the beginning of the war
and took part against the Union cause at the
first battle of Bull Run, and then, discovering
his mistake, joined the Union Army and ad-
hered to the fortunes of the Union cause
throughout the war and was everywhere fore-
most in the hottest fight; suppose such a man,
scarred and battle-stained in the service of his
country, should come here elected duly by the
Legislative Assembly of his State, would this
Senate undertake to reject him if he was will-
ing to take the oath which the law prescribes ?
Mr. President, it is well known that in this
country there has been every shade of opinion
in reference to the rebellion. Some men have
been prominent and conspicuous agitators and
leaders as Jefferson Davis, Breckinridge, and
others were, and others have only given coun-
tenance and aid by their words and their votes.
Is the Senate of the United States to under-
take whenever a Senator-elect comes here to
pass upon all these questions that grow out of
this state of things, to investigate the opinions
of the man at ail times during the war, and
determine as to whether or not he has had any
secret sympathy with the rebellion? Is it not
better to submit the question to his conscience
and let him decide for himself? And if it be
a flagrant case of connection with the rebellion
than he may be indicted and prosecuted for
perjury.
Suppose, Mr. President, I am mistaken.
Suppose whenever a Senator is elected in the
State of Ohio or in the State of California and
he comes here with his credentials, and, though
he proposes to take the oath, is not allowed to
do so, but put into the hands of an investigat-
ing committee, and perhaps excluded ; then I
say if this power is to be exercised by the Sen-
ate it must, as it seems to me, be exercised in
a case that is beyond controversy or doubt.
Senators have argued here in favor of the ex-
clusion of Mr. Thomas from his seat, and they
have proceeded from the beginning of this
rebellion up to the present time, and they have
picked up an item of evidence here and an
item of evidence there, and they have endeav-
ored to put these circumstances all together
and make out a case of disloyalty against Mr.
Thomas.
Now, sir, if the Senate of the United States
undertakes to exclude a man who has been
duly elected by a State on the ground of dit-
