1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2041
INDIAN APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. CONNESS, and Mr. MORRILL, of
Maine, addressed the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maine.
Mr. CONNESS. I believe I have the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California.
_ Mr. CONNESS. I move to take up for con-
sideration House joint resolution No. 216. It
will not excite, I will say to the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations, any debate,
and I am asked specially to call it up.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understood
the Chair to give the "Senator from Maine"
the floor, and I should like to have that point
settled.
Mr. CONNESS. I had obtained the floor,
I believe, and did not yield it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
from California obtained the floor on the other
bill.
Mr. CONNESS. Not at all, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
recognized the Senator from Maine. The Sen-
ator from California addressed the Chair be-
fore the motion was put on the other bill, first.
After that the Senator from Maine took the
floor.
Mr. pONNESS. If I state what this reso-
lution is, I think the chairman will give way.
It is a joint resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives which I am asked to call up by
the Lincoln Monument Association. It pro-
poses to give to that Association, for the pur-
pose of their work, certain cannon. It will
excite no debate whatever, and the Association
are desirous that it should pass.
_Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
will allow me, I feel quite at the mercy of my
honorable friend from Rhode Island, [Mr. An-
thony,] who allowed the appropriation bill to
proceed, and permitted his proposition, which
was the special order of the day, to be laid
aside informally; and I was about to throw my-
self upon his indulgence again for the purpose
of taking up the Indian appropriation bill,
which will not occupy twenty minutes, I take
it, in its reading and passage.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am very anxious, in-
deed, to have the report of the select Commit-
tee on the Rules disposed of; but I never like
to oppose an appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
has the floor.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will give way with the
understanding that the special order is to be
laid aside informally, and not postponed by a
vote, so that when the appropriation bill is
disposed of the report will be in order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly, I will
give way at any time to the Senator.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can be
done by unanimous consent.
Mr. DRAKE. What is the proposition now
before the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is a
special order made yesterday for one o'clock
to-day, which was passed over informally for
the purpose of considering the appropriation
bills.
Mr. DRAKE. Is there any motion now
before the Senale?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
a subject before the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. What is it?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order being the report of the select Committee
on the Rules.
Mr. DRAKE. Is there any motion before
the Senate in reference to those rules—in ref-
erence to that special order ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Rules
themselves are the special order, and are be-
fore the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. I move to set aside the spe-
cial order and to proceed to the consideration
of the amendment to the Rules which I offered
yesterday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Maine has the floor.
Mr. DRAKE. I would ask the Senator, as
this appropriation bill cannot possibly suffer
by a few days' delay, to oblige me so much as
to allow me the precedence here at this mo-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If it were a
personal concern it would do me the utmost
pleasure to oblige the honorable Senator from
Missouri; but as it is a matter of public con-
cern, I do not feel at liberty to do so.
Mr. DRAKE. Is it a matter of public con-
cern, I inquire of the Senator, that that bill
should be passed to-day ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is of the utmost
concern, as the honorable Senator might have
noticed from the remarks of the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Henderson] yesterday, who was
pressing it; and also of the Senator from Min-
nesota, [Mr. Ramsey,] who was pressing for
immediate action on a particular item and was
only put off on the ground that this bill would
be taken up to-day to which he could properly
move it.
Mr. DRAKE. I would inquire of the hon-
orable Senatorfrom Maine whether this Indian
appropriation bill does not cover appropriations
for the year ending the ?>Ot,h of June, 1869.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir; I have
the pleasure to inform the honorable Senator
that the appropriations m this bill are in antici-
pation of the appropriations for that period
and are immediate. Immediate action is re-
quired. Besides, I presume the bill will not
occupy twenty minutes of the time of the
Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to make a sugges-
tion which I hope may harmonize my two ex-
cellent friends, the Senator from Maine and
the Senator from Rhode Island, and that is
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Oh ! but we do
not want to be harmonized.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to harmonize the
Senators.
Mr. ANTHONY. We are in harmony al-
ready. I understand that the report of the
select Committee to revise the Rules is now in
order regularly before the Senate, and the Sen-
ator from Maine asks that that maybe laid aside
informally, for the purpose of taking up the
appropriation bill mentioned by him.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have never, since I
have been in the Senate, opposed the taking
up of an appropriation bill, and I will not do it
now. If the special order can be laid aside in-
formally without a vote, so that it will come
up when this bill shall be disposed of, I shall
not object.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I hope
that course will be pursued. iThe bill, I am
sure, will not occupy twenty minutes.
Mr. SUMNER. It is impossible for me,
my friend from Maine knows, to antagonize
with him on any occasion. If, therefore, he
does not at once withdraw his proposition in
view of the suggestion I have made, I shall
have nothing more to say, except that I will
add one word and then I will submit myself to
his conscience. The Senator knows perfectly
well the business pending in executive session,
and I appeal to him now to allow the Senate to
proceed with its consideration.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. As the Senator
makes it a matter of conscience, I insist on my
motion that the public business go on.
Mr. DRAKE. What is the motion ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That the
Senate proceed by unanimous consent to take
up the appropriation bill indicated by the Sen-
ator from Maine, passing over the special order
informally.
Mr. DRAKE. I object to any passing over
of the special order informally.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I make
the motion to postpone all prior orders and
proceed to the consideration of the Indian ap-
propriation bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion now made by the Senator
from Maine.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 819j making partial appropriations for
the expenses of the Indian department and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom
the bill had been referred, reported it with an
amendment to strike out all after the enacting
clause, and in lieu of the words stricken out to
insert:
That the following sums be, and they are hereby,
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for the purpose of fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes, to be
expended^ as required by such stipulations with the
several tribes named, for purchase and distribution
of seeds, agricultural implements, cattle, tools, pro-
visions. blankets, clothing, and other articles speci-
fied in said treaties, which said sums may be drawn
from the Treasury and used for the purposes named
during the fiscal year ending June 30,1868, but the
same shall be deducted from the amounts to which
the said tribes shall be entitled under their respec-
tive treaties for the fiscal year ending June 30,1869.
For the Comanches and Kiowas, $20,000.
For the Chippewas of Lake Superior, $8,000.
For the Winnebagoes, $20,000.
For the Ottoes and Missourias, $9,000.
For the Indians on the Siletz reservation, in the
State of Oregon, for agricultural implements, cattle,
and provisions, $10,000, or so much thereof as their
present necessities may require.
For the Chippewas of Bois6 Fort, -SO,500.
For the Chippewas of f.hn Mississippi, S3,500.
For the Pillager and Winnebagoshish band of
Chippewas, $8,000.
For the Chippewas of the Pembina tribe, 61,000.
For the Pawnees, $20,000.
For the Poncas, $10,000.
For the Indians of New Mexico, $20,000.
For the Goship band of Shoshones, §1,000.
For the eastern band of Shoshones, 85,000.
For tho northwestern band of Shoshones, $3,000.
For the western band of Shoshones, $3,000.
For the Blackfeet band of Sioux, ©7,000.
For the Ogallalla band of Sioux, $2,000.
For the Minneconjon band of Sioux, $6,000.
For the Sans Arc band of Sioux, $5,000.
For the Oncpapa band of Sioux, $7,000.
For the Lower Brule band of Sioux, $6,000.
Foi the Two Kettles band of Sioux, $0,000.
For the Lower Yanetonnais band of Sioux, $10,500.
For the Upper Yanetonnais band, $10,000.
For the Yaneton Sioux, $20,000.
For tho Aisiniboines, $20,000.
For the Arickarees, Gros Ventres, and Mandans,
$20,000.
For transportation of purchases to Indians, $20,000.
Sec. 2. And be-it further ennctcd. That the Secretary
of the Interior, in expending tho appropriations
herein made, shall, in all cases where any number
of individuals belonging to a tribe may have mani-
fested a disposition to commence the cultivation of
tho soil for a livelihood, cause such agricultural im-
plements, seeds, harness, and stock to be purchased
and forwarded immediately as may be thought neces-
sary to give proper encouragement and aid to such
undertaking.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the
amendment by reducing the appropriation in
the seventeenth line for the Comanches and
Kiowas from §20,000 to $15,000.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. In line twenty-two I
move to reduce the appropriation for the Ot-
toes and Missourias from $y,000 to §6,000.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. In line thirty-two I
move to reduce the appropriation for the Pil-
lager and Winnebagoshish band of Chippewas
from $8,000 to $6,000.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. In line thirty-five I
move to reduce the appropriation for the Paw-
nees from $20,000 to $10,000.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. In line thirty-seven I
move to reduce the appropriation for the In-
dians of New Mexico from §20,000 to $15,000.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the committee by inserting after line
sixty-one, at the close of the first section :
That the sum of ^t0,000, or so much thereof as may
bo necessary, be and tho same is hereby appropriated
for the relief of the Wahpotpn aud Siasitou Sioux
Indians of Dakota Territory, parties to the treaty of
May 2, 1867.
