658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
loyalty I say it must do it upon some other
than circumstantial evidence of his guilt. If I
nm called upon to justify a vote of this descrip-
tion I do not desire to make a long metaphysi-
cal argument to show its propriety; but if I
vote for a proposition of this kind I want to be
able to point to the history of the country and
say that the man who is excluded was a man
whose position during the rebellion was in no
manner of doubt.
What does this law mean? Does it mean
that every man who sympathized with the
rebellion is not to be allowed to have a seat in
this body? Take all that is urged against Mr.
Thomas, and I undertake to say that I can
make as good a case, if not a better one, against
one half of the men in my State who say they
belong to the Democratic party. In the State
of California, as the Senator [Mr. Coxxess]
well knows, in June, 1861, the Democratic
convention solemnly resolved that the Govern-
ment had no right or power to coerce the rebel
States, and affirmed that it was better to recog-
nize the southern confederacy than resort to
arms. Similar resolutions were adopted by
conventions of like political character in my
State. Are all the men who participated in
those conventions, who took that ground during
the war, to be excluded from seats in this body,
when they have been duly elected, on the ground
that they sympathized with the rebellion?
I shall not undertake to discuss this evidence
in detail at all. I will not undertake to explain
the course of Mrv Thomas while he was a
member of Buchanau's Cabinet, or his act of
resignation. I am willing to admit, for the
sake of the argument, that he sympathized
with the rebellion throughout the war; but I
say in that respect he stands, I am sorry to say,
with a large minority of the American people.
But did he give that aid and comfort to the
rebellion, did he take that conspicuous and
active part which this law contemplates that a
man should take before he becomes disqualified
to hold any office under the Government? If
this power is to be exercised it should be care-
fully and sparingly exercised.
Nobody can charge me, because I believe it
is our duty to admit Mr. Thomas to his seat,
as apologizing for the rebellion or excusing
anybody who sympathized with it; but I say
we have admitted men to seats in this body
who have expressed as much sympathy with
the cause of the rebels as Mr. Thomas did;
and since I have been here I have heard upon
this floor speeches that contained more treason
in them than anything in the record that has
been produced here against Mr. Thomas, and
yet no question was made as to the propriety
. of allowing the member to continue in his
Eeat.
The Senator from Michigan compares this
rebellion with a midnight conspiracy, and the
Senator from Nevada the other day put it in
the light of a burglary. Suppose a father, he
said, should give his son money when he was
about to commit the crime of burglary, could
lie be excused? Would he not be an acces-
sory before the fact? Sir, that may be true.
Burglary is a crime; rebellion is a crime ; but
in all other respects they are dissimilar. No
matter what the fact ought to be, we know
that at the beginning of this rebellion and
during the progress of the war and at this time
we do not treat the men who were in the
rebellion as we do murderers, burglars, or
thieves. The men who have been conspicu-
ous in the rebellion come here and they meet
us on terms of social equality ; they are re-
ceived to our houses and our homes. We do
not feel degraded because we are seen in their
company or because we treat them with civility.
Who would be found associating himself with
a burglar or an assassin or a notorious thief?
This may be right or it may be wrong ; I am
•speaking of the fact; and it is a well-known
fact that at the beginning of this rebellion
men did not view it in the light of a great pri-
vate crime like assassination or burglary. Men
took another and a different view of it, and
human nature is so constituted that people
I will not look at a great political crime like this
of rebellion as they look at a private trans-
gression of the law for mercenary or wicked
purposes.
Mr. President, without detaining the Senate
any longer on this subject, 1 say that in my
opinion these questions as to the fitness of a
person to represent a State, as to his intelli-
gence, as to his honesty, as to his patriotism,
are questions within the jurisdiction of the
State Legislature, and when they have been
decidcd by that Legislative Assembly the decis-
ion is conclusive, except so far as the law of
the land may prescribe other qualifications.
There is no law that determines how much
intelligence a man shall have to be a Senator ;
there is no law that determines how much
honesty a man shall have to be a Senator;
there is no law that determines how much
patriotism a man shall have to be a Senator.
But there is a Constitution that says he shall
be of a certain age, that he shall be a citizen
of the United States, an inhabitant of the State
by which he is elected; and there is a law
which says that lie shall take a certain oath.
Possessing all these qualifications which the
law prescribes, it seems to me that it is the duty
of the Senate to allow the person elected to
take his seat; and the Senate is not without
remedy, for if the oath be false he may be con-
victed of perjury and expelled from his seat.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not until after conviction
in a court of law? You would have to keep
him all that length of timel
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly; I admit we
should have to keep him that length of time ;
but that, if it be any fault at all, is the fault of
the law. Are we to disregard a law because it
may not suit our convenience or our wishes to
observe it? When the law prescribes that a
certain course shall be pursued in order to
punish a man for a certain offense are we to
disregard the law and punish him otherwise
because in our judgment it is not safe or proper
to follow the law?
Be that as it may, Mr. President, I say if
the Senate of the United States undertake to
exercise this power it should be in a clear and
unquestionable case. I doubt the legality, the
justice, and the expediency of excluding a
man from a seat in this body when he has been
duly elected by a loyal State of this Union
because his political opinions do not agree with
ours and because he belongs to the Democratic
party. Sir, this may be a dangerous prece-
dent to establish, and it may return to plague
its inventors. It is because I fear the effects
of this precedent that I hope the Senate will
not refuse to allow this gentleman to take the
oath which the law says he shall take. Are
there not others elected who must go through
the same ordeal before they can be admitted
to their seats here if the precedent proposed in
this case is to be established ? Are there not
others elected and to be elected whose votes
and opinions will be as objectionable to the
majority here as has been the course of Mr.
Thomas?
I say, Mr. President, that in this case honest
men may differ about this evidence. Some will
construe it to establish the guilt of Mr. Thomas
and some will construe it as consistent with his
innocence. There is nothing in the fact of giv-
ing $100 to the son that is absolutely inconsist-
ent with an innocent intent. If the question
as to whether or not Mr. Thomas had commit-
ted perjury in sayingthat hedidnot sympathize
with or give aid and comfort to the rebellion,
within the meaning of this law, was submitted
to a jury upon this evidence, I think it is very
questionable whether a verdict of guilty could
be obtained. Are we to constitute ourselves
into a jury in every case'that comes up hefeof
a Senator elected of contrary political opinions
to our own? And if we can find, by traversing
the history of his life for years, circumstances
that satisfy us that he had some sympathy with
the rebellion, are we to exclude him from a seat
in this body? Can we afford to do it?
Sir, if I was to look aside from the legal
question involved I would ask, what are we to
expect upon grounds of expediency? Are we
to suppose if Mr. Thomas is excluded from
i this seat that the Legislative Assembly of
Maryland will elect any man whose views are
more in correspondence with our own, who
was not as much as Mr. Thomas during the
rebellion—a sympathizer with the enemies of
the Union? It may be that if this seat is
made vacant by the vote of the Senate, the
probabilities are that a man who secured the
votes and confidence of the Union men and
then betrayed them to their enemies may fol-
low in his footsteps into this Senate; and so
far as I am concerned I would rather see ten
open, frank opponents occupy seats here than
one man who, if not an enemy to his country,
has been a traitor to his friends. Therefore,
there is nothing to gain by the exclusion of
Mr. Thomas. 1 doubt very much whether you
can find in the State of Maryland a man of
sufficient intelligence and character to exercise
influence there who belongs to the Democratic
party, now in the ascendancy in that State,
whom that party will elect and send here, who
is less objectionable than Mr. Thomas.
He did nothing, as it appears, during the
rebellion. He was quiet and obscure. lie
retired from the Cabinet of Mr. Buchanan
because he did not agree with him. It m.iy be
because he sympathized with the rebellion, or
it may be because he desired to avoid a colli-
sion of forces, and there were thousands of
men in the country at that time who doubted
| the wisdom of bringing about an armed collis-
ion if it could possibly be avoided. But I am
not excusing him on that ground. He retired
to private life. He continued there. He said
nothing during the war. He did nothing. He
remained quiet, inactive, passive. He did not
perhaps perform his duty. He may be open
to criticism because he did not take his gun
and go and fight the battles of the Union. But
[ are we to take the ground that all men who
occupied that position are unfit to be Sen-
ators here? True, when his son was about to
go away to the rebellion he gave him $100.
It may be because he sympathized with the
rebellion, or it may be because, as he says, he
was wholly prompted by parental affection.
This is a circumstance of which we may well
take a charitable view. Men differ in their
feelings and affections. Some may be like the
Roman father who ordered the lictors to seize
and carry his son to execution because he had
fought the enemies of his country contrary to
military discipline ; and others may be like
King David, who, when he saw his son dead,
ingrate and traitor though he was, exclaimed
in the agony of his heart, "O my son I my
son! would to God I had died for thee." It
may be that the representations of Mr. Thomas
are true, and that he was opposed to his son's
entrance into the rebel army, and that he was
only prompted by feelings of affection for him
when he gave him the money.
Taking all the circumstances together, they
do not make a clear case; they do not make a
ease that will not need explanation to the peo-
ple of this country; and when you go before
the people and you are challenged as to the
ground upon which you denied a loyal State—
I speak of it now in the legal sense of the
term—its right to representation here, you
must make an elaborate argument explaining
and construing evidence; and when you have
gone through the record men will differ in
judgment as to whether your case is made out
or not. Upon that ground, if upon no other,
I think it is of great consequence to us and to
the country that this decision should not be
against Mr. Thomas upon the evidence in this
case.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
I do not rise to reply to the honorable Senator
from Oregon, nor to any other Senator, but
simply to state briefly the grounds which will
eontrol my vote on this question.
If I supposed by any possibility that the
country would understand that the Senate of
the United States were considering whether it
would require all person,s appointed members
