4090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
inspectors of oil ; and fourth, inspectors of to-
bacco, sunff, and cigars. The whole number of
these four classes of officers, including special
agents and general agents, amounts to about
seventeen hundred. We get rid of the special
agents and revenue agents, of which I think
there are eleven general agents, ten under one
law and one under another, and some forty-two
or forty-four special agents provided for by the
existinglaw._ We also repeal the law providing
for general inspectors, amounting to some two
hundred and twenty-five in number, and pro-
vide, instead of the five hundred inspectors of
spirits or thereabouts, that there shall be a
gauger and storekeeper paid by the Govern-
ment and under the reach and control of the
Government instead of these inspectors of
spirits who now belong to the distillery. The
inspectors of oil are of coarse got rid of by
the repeal of the tax on oil. There remain,
therefore, none but the inspectors of tobacco,
snuff, and cigars. All of them, sixteen or sev-
enteen hundred officers, are got rid of, with
the exception of someone hundred and fifty or
two hundred who have been employed as
inspectors of tobacco, snuff, and cigars by the
substitution for them of supervisors of revenue,
and not exceeding twenty-five detectives, who
may be employed throughout the United
States, and the gaugers and storekeepers un-
der the control of the authorities of the United
States.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman
inform the House how many in number the
officers have been reduced by this bill?
Mr. SCHENCK. More than one half the
number have been gotrid of, I should say, and
1 think a very much better system has been
adopted.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the gentleman
include in that the number who have been
substituted?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir; after allowing
for all the substitution 1 should say that the
whole aggregate number will be less than one
half what it was before, the names and duties
being in some degree changed, but the actual
number largely reduced.
Mr. BECK. One other question. By sec-
tion twelve of this bill it is provided that two
dollars per day shall be paid by all distillers
fermenting over twenty bushel^ of grain, and
so on in proportion ; and that any distillery
that shall suspend work shall pay two dollars
per day during the time the work is suspended.
Now, is it intended that they shall pay two
dollars per day whether they are running or
not?
Mr. SCHENCK. In regard to that matter
we have agreed to adopt the language em-
ployed by the Senate, "except Sundays;"
they are not charged for Sundays. We also
agree to the amendments of the Senate, and
substitute the word "stopped" for the word
"suspended." Now, if no other gentleman
desires to catechise me any further, I will call
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was upon agreeing to the re-
port of the committee of conference.
Mr. BOSS. Can the question be taken sepa-
rately upon the part in relation to the tax on
banks ?
The SPEAKER. It cannot; the report
must be considered as a whole.
The report was then agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
condition of public business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I want to
ask the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
a question in view of the probable adjourn-
ment of this session, in which we are all so
much interested. I would inquire of him what
business there is now before the Committee of
Ways and Means ?
Mr. SCHENCK. The principal business
before that committee of a public character is
the funding bill, which has passed the Senate.
We have bestowed considerable consideration
upon that bill; and as the House referred it to
us to-day, we hope to be able to report it back
to the House in forty-eight hours with whatever
amendments we may desire to have made to it.
printing tub tax law.
Mr. BECK. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] the propriety
of moving that there be printed of the tax
law a sufficient number of copies to inform
the people of the country about the law.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think that is a very good
suggestion. The report of the committee of
conference having been agreed to by both
Houses, it only remains for the President to
sign the bill for it to become a law. I there-
fore move that twenty-five thousand copies of
the tax bill, when it shall have been approved
by the President, be printed for the use of
members of this House, in pamphlet form,
with an index, to be prepared by the clerk of
the Committee of Ways and Means.
The motion was referred to the Committee
on Printing under the law.
land office in utah territory.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
a bill upon the Speaker's table which will
undoubtedly become a law. Some unimport-
ant amendments have been made to it by the
Senate. Those amendments ought to be con-
curred in for the purpose of putting the neces-
sary appropriations in the deficiency appropri-
ation bill, which is now in the Senate, and will
be probably acted on there to-moirow. I ask
unanimous consent to take it from the table for
consideration at this time.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House amendments of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 202) to create the office of
surveyor general in the Territory of Utah,
establish a land office in said Territory, and
extend the homestead and preemption laws
over the same.
The amendments were read as follows :
On page 1. in line seven, strike out "shall" and
insert "have."
On same page, in line seventeen, after "land,"
insert "of the United States."
On same page, in lines twelve and thirteen, strike
out the words" to which the Indian title is or shall
be extinguished."
On same page, in line ten, strike out " and" where
it first occurs after the word " lands" and insert "of
the United States."
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the amendments
were concurred in; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
robert ford.
Mr. SHANKS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table for consideration at the present time the
bill (S. No. 550) for the relief of Robert Ford.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table and read a first and
second time. It appropriates the sum of $814
to Robert Ford, in full payment for his time
and services as a teamster in the quartermas-
ter's department of the Army from May 1,
1862, to August 1, 1864.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. SHANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
contracts payable in coin.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, by unani-
mous consent, the bill (S. No. 180) relating to
contracts payable in coin, was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
suits against railroad corporations.
Mr. COOK, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported back a bill (H. R. No.
1123) to provide for bringing suits in the
courts of the United States against railroad
corporations where a portion of the line is in
several States; which was ordered to be printed
and recommitted.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
public debt.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee of Ways and
Means, for consideration at the present time,
the bill (H. R. No. 1416) making certain reg-
ulations as to the public debt.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information, after which there will bo an oppor-
tunity for objection.
The bill, which was read, provides in the
first section that no percentage, deduction,
commission, or compensation of any amount
or kind, shall be allowed to any person for the
sale or negotiation of any bonds or securities
of the United States disposed of at the Treas-
ury Department or elsewhere on account of
the United States; and all acts and parts of
acts authorizing orpermitting, by construction
or otherwise, the Secretary of the Treasury to
appoint any agent, other than some proper
officer of his Department, to make such sale
or negotiation of bonds and securities, are to
be repealed.
The second section provides that all author-
ity under any existing law to issue bonds,
Treasury notes, or other interest-bearing obli-
gations of the United States shall cease and
determine. But nothing herein is to prevent
the conversion of Treasury notes known as
seven-thirties into the five-twenty bonds, nor
the conversion of compound interest notes into
the three per cent, certificates of temporary
loan, nor the issue of boudo as subsidy u> rail-
road companies, as provided by law.
The third section provides that the Secretary
of theTreasuryshallpublish monthly adetailed
statement of the public debt at the close of
each month, in which statement all bonds and
other obligations of the United States issued
from the Treasury Department, payable after
the year in which such statement is made,
including the amount of seven-thirty Treasury
notes convertible into five-twenty bonds, but
not including the amount of subsidy bonds
issued to railroad companies, are to be classed
as the " funded debtthe United States notes
and the fractional notes issued for circulation
as money, are to be classed as the " currency
debt;" the three per cent, certificates of tem-
porary loans are to be classed as the "tempo-
rary-loan debt;" and all debt that is past due,
or that will be payable within the year, stating
the same in detail, are to be classed as the
" matured debt," and the interest is to cease
on such matured debt when it becomes due,
and the same is to be paid on presentation at
the Treasury. Such statement is also to con-
tain the amount outstanding of subsidy bonds
issued to railroad companies ; and the amount
of coin, the amount outstanding of gold certi-
ficates, and the amount of currency in the
Treasury of the United States.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I cannot understand that;
it is too long, and I object.
Mr. LAFLIN. I wish to state that my col-
leagues, Mr. Van WYCKandMr. Van Aernau
have been detained from the House to-day by
illness.
homesteads to actual settlers.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, from the
Committee on Military Affairs, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 1433) to amcind an act entitled
"An act to secure homesteads to actual set-
tlers on the public domain," approved May
20, 1802 ; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, moved to
