2042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
Mr. HENDERSON. Let it be inserted after
line fifty-nine.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well; I will propose
it to come in after line fifty-nine.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to ask
the Senator from Minnesota whether this is the
sum and for the same tribe of Indians to which
reference was made yesterday.
Mr. RAMSEY. The same tribe of Indians
of which we heard yesterday. This is the
amount estimated for by the Interior Depart-
ment, according to the reports submitted to
Congress in December and January last, in
consequence of the necessitous condition of
those Indians ; and I think that instead of dimin-
ishing the amount then estimated we ought
rather to increase it, considering how much suf-
fering they have passed through from that time
to this.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I shall be obliged
to rely upon the chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs for his judgment as to whether
this appropriation is proper or not.
Mr. RAMSEY. The honorable Senator will
find in House Executive Document No. 76 of
this session, the whole correspondence on this
subject. In that document is the estimate of
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, approved
by the Secretary of the Interior. I think the
Senate will recollect what was said about this
question yesterday. These Indians were treated
with more than a year ago, and the Government
solemnly promised to furnish them with means
to carry on agriculture and provide themselves
by the cultivation of the earth with subsistence;
but they have not had a cent from that day to
this. Their sufferings are as great, I imagine,
as those of any body of Indians in the whole
United States. I find in a paper which I have
recently received from the city of St. Paul a
letter from Fort Wadsworth, in Dakota Terri-
tory, convenient to these Indians, a portion of
which I will read to the Senate:
" Wo begin to get the details of the sufferings of tho
Indians in the Northwest. One of our scouts received
a letter a few days since from one of his relatives on
the Cheyenne, which states that fifteen lodges near
the Dog's Den had been without game all winter.
Two or three men were sent to Devil's Lake to en-
deavor to get some provisions, but the storms which
prevailed at the timo, in connection with tho emaci-
ated condition of the messengers, caused thom to be
a long time on the journey, and although the com-
manding officer of Fort Totten and others forwarded
a iew supplies, it is expected they will not icach
their destination until after starvation shall have
completed its extermination in the camp.
" Near tho Black Bute, on tho Mouse river, there
were eighty lodges, all of whom are presumed to
have perished. There was also a small camp at the
northern'Chief's Bluff,'who were entirely without
supplies, and no hope is entertained of any of them
being in existence now.
" The Indians at Devil's Lako are getting fish
enough to furnish them about half a meal a day.
Fish could be taken in greater quantities, but tho
Indians are so miserably clad that they are unable
to withstand tho intense cold, exposed as they must
bo to the cold winds that pass over the lake. A mail,
when he goes on the lake to fish, takes all the cloth-
ing of his family, leaving the women and children
with nothing but tho fire in tho lodge to protect
them from the cold.
" There is no use in moralizing upon the condition
of these Indians, who came in and surrendered to
the authorities ^Devil's Lake at the invitation of
the Government. They had reason" to expect that
some provision would be made to enable them to
remain there during tho winter and to put in a crop
in the spring. But they found nothing ; and, at the
suggestion of the commanding officer at Fort Totten,
those who were best able to hunt tho buffalo left
late m the fall in quest of game; but the early snows
and the entire absence of buft'alo from their usual
ranges combined to entail suffering, and death prob-
ably, upon all who left Devil's Lake last tall and
severe suffering from starvation and the intense cold
upon those who remained at the lake.
"It is absurd to say that nothing could have been
done last fall to obviate this state of things. Sup-
plies uf clothing and provisions to a limited amount
could have boen supplied, but were not. The re-
sponsibility rests somewhere, and it is a fearful one.
Probably from four to six hundred lives have been
sacrificed by a want of judicious management and
prompt action. Let those concerned reflect upon it."
As I said yesterday these Indians are parties
to a treaty made in February, 1867, but which
was not finally proclaimed until May, 1867.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
ask the Senator whether he has heard anything
from the dispatch which it was said yesterday
had been sent to some officer in that vicinity.
Mr. RAMSAY. I have not; but here you
have the communications of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs and of the Secretary of the
Interior, sent to Congress in December and
January last. You have the facts again
vouched for by this communication from Fort
Wadsworth, which I have read from a St.
Paul paper of the loth of March, 1868, and
the letter is dated Fort Wadsworth, Dakota
Territory, March 8.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But it was said
yesterday that the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs had sent a dispatch to some officer or
agent or commissioner in charge of these In-
dians, from whom information more recent
might be expected.
Mr. RAMSEY. How much longer would
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions have us wait in view of the circumstances
detailed in all these communications ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My inquiry is
whether the information has been received?
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not know.
Mr. HENDERSON. I propose to amend
the amendment of the SenatorfromMinnesota
by striking out "ยง40,000" and inserting
"$20,000." I stated yesterday that in reference
to this matter I had caused a dispatch to be sent
to General Terry, in whom I have the utmost
confidence. He was here in January, and I
called his attention to the statements which I
saw in the St. Paul papers and other papers
in Minnesota. My attention had been called
to the statements the Senator read from, and,
in addition, to this which I find in a St. Paul
paper of a recent date, and which I will read:
"From various reliable and responsible sources we
learn that great destitution and suffering exist
among the inhabitants near Devil's Lake, in Dakota
Territory. The winter has been ono of unusual se-
verity. Many parties crossing from Fort Abererombie
to Devil's Lako have been severely frostbitten, not-
withstanding that the usual precautions have been
taken to prevent the same. The soldiers stationed
at the lake are on half rations, and have no provis-
ions to spare for tho lialf-breeds andlndians congre-
gated there, while the animals belonging to the post
aro dying daily for want of forage. The Indians,
who number twelve or fifteen hundred, in that local-
ity are starving forwantof food, a.nd at last accounts
were making ugly demonstrations against the occu-
pants of the military post. It is earnestly hoped that
prompt measures will be instituted to relieve this
suffering, tiot only on philanthropic grounds, but in
order to prevent a renewal of Indian hostilities in a
territory adjoining our frontier."
I was somewhat surprised to see these state-
ments in various papers from Minnesota; and,
as I stated to the Senate yesterday, I caused a
dispatch to be sent to General Terry in order
to get what I knew would be correct and reli-
able information. I now hold in my hand a
dispatch from General Terry to the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, in answer to the one
sent to the General at my instance :
Copy of telegram received at Indian office March
20, 1868, dated St. Paul, March 10,1868; received
at Washington March 19,1808.
Hon. N.G. Taylor, Commissioner Indian Affairs:
I have no official reports as to the condition of In-
dians at Devil's Lake. The recent newspaperreports
arc lies. There is alarge surplus of subsistence at the
post, and the commandant was directed in January
to feed the Indians. ALFRED II. TKRltY,
Brevet Major General.
That was my information at the time, that
there was a great amount of subsistence at the
fort. General Terry gave me his word that he
would attend to this matter and would not let
the Indians suffer. 1 could not believe that,
under any circumstances he would violate his
word, because I have'found him to be a gentle-
man to be relied upon under any and all cir-
cumstances. We are under treaty stipulations
with these Indians, and they are attempting, as
I understand, now to commence farming oper-
ations ; and my impression is that it would be
proper to provide a sufficient amount to enable
them to commence farming operations. There
are some fifteen hundred of them. We ought
to purchase them some stock, and we ought to
send them some seeds and agricultural imple-
ments. For that purpose $20,000 will be am-
ply sufficient, and with that view I propose to
amend the proposition. We, of course, shall
have to pay back to the War Department what
we have taken from them. The War Depart-
ment will present a bill against the Indian De-
partment, of course, to be paid back, for the
rations with which they have supplied the
Indians, but that can be done under the gen-
eral appropriation bill.
ThePRESIDENT jwo tempore. Theamend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri is not now
in order, as the amendment of the Senator from
Minnesota is an amendment to an.-amendment.
The Senator from Minnesota, however, may
accept it.
Mr. RAMSEY. The SenatorfromMissouri,
I understand, proposes to reduce the appro-
priation from $40,000 to $20,000. I really
think the Senator ought not to insist on a thing
of that kind after so much delay, as it must be
seen, that the Government is guilty of. At this
late day, after having ignored the communica-
tion made to Congress by t he executive authori-
ties in December and January, it is now pro-
posed to reduce the estimate then made to
$20,000. I have no doubt that General Terry
feels anxious to have the Government to know
that he has properly provided for the wants of
the soldiers at Fort Totten. That is all right
enough; but General Terry does not say that
the newspapers lie in regard to the Indian suf-
ferings in Dakota. What he says is that the
story that the soldiers at Fort Totten are on
half rations is a lie, and that is all.
But I repeat what I have read and what I
have said heretofore of the sufferings of the
Indians at Devil's Lake and in all that north-
west country. This results, not from any neg-
lect of their own to provide for themselves, as
Indians always do, very poorly, but from their
being thrown off their guard and deceived
by the promises of the Government, in the
treaty to which I have referred, that the Gov-
ernment would provide for them and furnish
them the means of agriculture; furnish them
some means of sustaining themselves when
they withdrew from the chase. The Gov-
ernment has not done it, and in consequence
the Indians are in this distressed condition.
Congress was informed of this condition of
affairs in December and in January again and
again, and now the Senator proposes to answer
all these various complaints and represent-
ations by reading a dispatch of General Terry
that his soldiers at Fort Totten are not upon
half rations! Who cares about that? We have
nothing to do with that. This is an Indian ap-
propriation bill. The military appropriation
bill has just passed. There was the proper
place to make any appropriation for these sol-
diers that they stood in need of; but I take it,
when we propose an application for the Indians,
it is not a sufficient answer to say that the
soldiers are not starving.
Mx-. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to re-
mind the Senator that he misapprehends this
dispatch altogether. The dispatch to General
Teiry was in regard to the Indians and their
suffering condition, and in regard to the news-
paper articles which the honorable Senator
relies upon; and he says expressly, in regard
to those articles that they are lies. That is,
the articles in regard to the condition of the
Indians are lies. It is a very specific state-
ment that the recent newspaper reports on
which my friend relies are lies, and lie says
"there is a large surplus of subsistence at the
post," not only for the soldiers, hut "the
commandant was directed in January to feed
the Indians," not the soldiers.
Mr. HENDERSON. That was in accord-
ance with the request of the commission.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. So they have
got through the winter, and certainly 840,000
would be a pretty large appropriation for such
a purpose. I hope my friend will accept the
suggestion for $20,000, which will meet all
the purposes. I understand we are under
treaty stipulations with these Indians, and that
amount will be in harmony with the bill, per-
haps, to anticipate an appropriation which
these Indians will be entitled to in the regu-
lar bill. In the case we have before us cer-
tainly ยง20,000 would seem to be a very ample
allowance.
Mr. CONNESS. I think it must be evi-
