1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4091
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
committed.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered
on the Journal, and will be passed over for the
present.
adverse reports.
Mr. BOYER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported back the following cases
adversely; and the same were laid on the
table :
Resolution relative to the officers of the
fiftieth regiment of Wisconsin volunteers;
Petition of Colonel Jacob M. Davis and forty
other officers of Pennsylvania regiments, for the
passage of a supplementary act extending the
three months' extra pay to all officers mustered
into the United States service before April
26, 1865, and honorably mustered out there-
after ;
Claim of Selden P. Clark, for pay and allow-
ances of captain of infantry from October 31
to December 20, 1861;
Petition of James W. Strode, first lieutenant
company K, fifth Kentucky cavalry;
Petition of D. S. Curtis, for an amendment
of the act granting three mouths' pay;
A bill (H. R. No. 625) for the relief of
David L. Wright, late captain company E,
fifty-first regiment Indiana volunteers ;
Petition of Samuel Wills, of Illinois, for
relief;
Petition of William W. Wilcox, praying
compensation for services as second lieutenant
seventy-seventh Illinois volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 17) for the relief of Major
James B. Thompson, of Perrysville, Juniata
count}', Pennsylvania, who was first lieutenant
and subsequently captain of company P, one
hundred and ninetieth regiment Pennsylvania
volunteers, having been commissioned during
his confinement in rebel prisons ; and
Petition of William Bass.
deficiency in appropriations for. indians.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a com-
munication from the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, reporting a deficiency in the appropri-
ation made for the subsistence of friendly
Indians, amounting to $172,827 ; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider all the votes recently taken ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the House take a recess.
The SPEAKER stated that there would be
evening sessions for debate only one or two
evenings more, as the evening sessions would
be required for public business.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.)
the House took a recess till half past seven
o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clockp. m., and, agreeably to order, resolved
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union (Mr. Beck temporarily in
the chair) for general debate.
internal revenue system.
Mr. CULLOM. Mr. Chairman, when the
tax bill was before the committee for examin-
ation and discussion some time ago I desired
to give my views in relation to it, but there
seemed to be such uncertainty about the pas-
sage of any bill unless the House acted promptly
that I determined to content myself with my
votes upon the various amendments as pre-
sented. The bill passed the House, how-
ever, has been to the Senate, and passed with
amendments, and there is now no reasonable ■
doubt but that it will become a law, and I |
feel justified in taking a few minutes time in 1
saying what I think in relation to the general
subject of taxation, and especially the tax on
spirits.
The burdens of taxation now resting upon
the people are so heavy that they are calling
upon us for relief. Our duty is to give it if in
our power to do so consistent with public
safety, public credit, and national honor. There
has seldom been a time when business has
been so depressed. Thousands of the best
and most enterprising men of the land are
struggling against the waves of misfortune, and
are in danger of being swallowed up in the
depths of financial ruin. They are looking
toward Congress and expecting help. Can we
give it? If we can, shall we give it? If we
can, and fail, we shall fail to perform a duty for
which we should be held accountable to our
people. One of the means of relief is the
passage of the tax bill. I was in favor of
revising the whole revenue law, and was there-
fore agaiust laying aside the original bill re-
ported to the House by the committee, for the
reason that in my judgment it is ftnwise for the
Government at present to require the collec-
tion of any more revenue than is necessary to
meet the current expenses of the Government
and pay the interest on the public debt. By
going over the whole system we could have
lightened the tax in many particulars, and to
that extent relieved the people of burdens. I
was for going on with that bill for this reason.
I was for going on with it for another reason.
Men are not specially fond of paying taxes
at any time. The people are disposed to put
off that duty about as long as the law will
permit when taxes are light and the burdens
easy. And they are sure to object and pro-
crastinate when the burdens to be borne are
not equitably distributed among all the people.
When one man is called upon to pay and his
neighbor is excused because his property may
be in a different shape, (the one and the other
equally able,) the man who is able to pay may
well be pardoned if he complains that he is
not treated fairly, and he enters his protest.
Justice is an indispensable element in the
tax laws as well as every other, if you will
have them enforced and receive a cheerful
response from the people. The American
people are ready to answer to the calls of the
Government whenever made upon a fair show-
ing of necessity, and when made to all upon
the solid basis of justice. The revenue law, in
my judgment, might be greatly improved and
made much more equitable in its operation
and bearing upon the various classes of indus-
try in the country. For these two reasons I
regret that it was not the judgment of the
House to go over the whole subject. While
the burdens are piled up almost mountain high,
and while trade and commerce and all the
varied employments of the people are so de-
pressed and are struggling to pass through the
present crisis, which amounts almost to a
panic, I am unwilling to pile them up higher
for the sake of having it to say that this nation,
just out of a great war, is rapidly paying off
the public debt.
Mr. Chairman, I wish the debt were paid.
I wish that it had been so ordered that we had
never been called upon to incur it; but, sir, it
is upon us; it was incurred in a war for na-
tional existence, and we must deal with -the
subject as we find it. Our public debt amounts
to about twenty-seven hundred million dollars.
The annual interest upon the public debt
amounts or is estimated for the year ending
June 30, 1809, to be §129,078,078 50. I am
unwilling to do very much more at present than
raise sufficient money to pay the interest as we
agree and to meet the current expenses of the
Government honestly and economically ad-
ministered. Let the people recover from the
shock of battle: let prosperity again prevail;
let commerce regain its wonted energy and
life; let the people have time, and with it will
come an ability to pay that which to-day would I
paralyze and prostrate the people. The Gov-
ernment has been in too great haste to pay off
its debt. The war closed m the spring of 1865,
and since that time we have paid $300,000,000
of the public debt; in which time also an army
of nearly a million of men had to be mustered
out and paid off, and ail the other varied and
extraordinary expenses incident to the closing
up the war had to be met.
A hundred millions a year since the close of
the war has been taken from the people by
duties and internal taxes in addition to the
extraordinary expenses, as I have said, and in
addition to the interest, and paid toward liqui-
dating the principal of the debt of the country.
Sir, it is proof sublime of the capacity and
latent power of this great and free people, and
an example worthy to be heralded to all the
nations of the earth; but, sir, I think it, to say
the least, is unwise for us in the future to con-
tinue to tax and strain the energies of the peo-
ple for the purpose of producing such results;
and I am, therefore, for the present in favor
of giving the people as little to do in the pay-
ment of taxes as possible, consistent with honor
and a healthy condition of the country, until
they get upon their feet again and get to busi-
ness. Then, Mr. Chairman, when we have
determined to raise no more money than we
actually need, and have determined to raise
what we do need by the enactment and enforce-
ment of laws just and equitable, then the
next great business for us is to see that the
taxes provided by law to be paid by the people
shall be honestly collected, and honestly paid
into the Treasury by the officers and agents
appointed for that purpose.
It may be easy t.o pass just laws in which
all the people would cheerfully acqniesce if
properly enforced, but when they are not prop-
erly enforced or if enforced so far as to collect
the tax from the people, and then violated by
a failure to pay over to the Government, it is
not surprising that the people complain and
murmur.
But, sir, when it comes to the question of
enforcing or executing the laws Congress is
powerless. Jt is our duty to enact, it is the
duty of the Exeeutive to execute. With this
plain duty before each of the two branches of
the Government what are the facts? At the
outset good officers of the Government are re-
moved on account of political opinions, and
men put in their places because they profess to
agree with the Executive.
Then after various demonstrations in various
ways calculated to demoralize the public ser-
vice we have the sad spectacle in this land, the
great glory of which is that it is a land gov-
erned by the people's laws, of the chief Execu-
tive, the highest officer of the nation, the man
whose special duty under the Constitution is to
see that the laws be faithfully executed, vio-
lating the law, and yet protected in his action
by the high tribunal which alone can remove
him from office.
Who can expectthat his appointees, with com-
missions signed by him, with his example be-
fore them as a guarantee of protection, will
discharge their duties with fidelity to the inter-
ests of the people and in accordance with the
law which alone should be their guide?
I do not charge that the persons holding posi-
tion underthePresidentarealldishonest. Some
of them I know are faithful to their duty ; but,
sir, in view of the example set by the Presi-
dent it would not be strange if many of his
subordinates should follow his example and set
the law at defiance when for corrupt or other
motives it seemed desirable to do so. And, sir,
I assert that the corruption that seems to pre-
vail among the revenue officers and custom
officers of the country, and which has well
nigh depleted the Treasury within the last two
years, is mainly chargeable to the course pur-
sued by the President of the United States.
But, Mr. Chairman, I desire to say a word
in relation to the tax on spirits. When I came
here at the first session of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress the tax on whisky had been raised to
two dollars per gallon. It bad come up by a
series of steps from twenty cents, I believe,
until it got to two dollars.
The reports of the Commissionerthen showed
