1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
659
of this body to be of one political opinion, I
should have great apprehension from what we
were doing. If I supposed we were liable to be
misunderstood, as the honorable Senator from
Oregon seems to argue, as endeavoringto fix the
standard of political opinions for the Senate of
the United States, I should regret as much as
he possibly can the entertainment of any such
proposition. But, sir, if I understand the
object of the Senate it is to provide against the
possibility of the return of men to this Cham-
ber who, within the last six or seven years, left
it for traitorous purposes. That I understand
to have been the object of the legislation of
Congress when this law was enacted, and the
object of the Senate now in undertaking to
enforce it.
Ha"  we no admonition on this subject? Do
we uot know that for the last two years this
elas3 of persons have been here asking admit-
tance, demanding admittance? My honora-
ble friend from Oregon asks who supposes
that Breckinridge is likely to be elected to the
Senate and come here for admission ? He says
that is a violent supposition, an extreme case.
Why, sir, the fact is that that very class have
been here, elected from these States, demand-
ing admission and denouncing the Congress
as a body of usurpers because it would not
admit them. The second man in the confed-
erate States, the vice president of the confed-
erate States, was here within a twelvemonth
after the confederacy was no more, demanding
admission. I say, therefore, we are admon-
ished on this subject.
But let that suffice on that point. Now, Mr.
President, the rule in this case is laid down by
the law ; and it is not, as my honorable friend
supposes, that we are to inquire who has given
aid and comfort to the enemy simply ; but it ;
is broader. It is quite as broad as the question
of allegiance and the question of loyalty in its
general acceptation and significance. The
second clause of this oath requires every man
admitted here to swear that " I have never vol-
untarily given any aid, countenance, counsel,
or encouragement to persons engaged inarmed
hostility" to the United States. Idonotknow
that it is pretended that this man falls within
either of the other provisions of the oath pre-
scribed by the act; but he must swear that he
has neither given aid, countenance, counsel,
nor encouragement to the rebellion. If either
of these conditions can be shown in his case
he is absolutely excluded.
I agree with the honorable Senator from
Oregon that this should be made clear to every
man's conscience and every man's judgment,
made clear by the facts in the case ; it should
not be left to doubt and hesitation.
Now, are there any facts in this case—I mean
any settled and uncontroverted facts—which
enable us to judge ? There are two ways, per-
haps, of trying this case, as almost all others ;
first, by the facts that are conceded, and then
by the-general facts that appear. It is true
that in this case we have both these classes of
facts. Here are certain facts that are con-
ceded, not controverted or denied by anybody.
And then this man has a general history out-
side of these facts which enables us to judge
whether he falls within the terms of this oath.
The prominent facts alluded to here, set forth
in this report, are only two, I believe ; first,
the $100 given to the son, which is, in some
sense, supposed to be aid, comfort, and en-
couragement ; and, second, the resignation by
this man of his public office in January, 18G1.
These are the two prominent facts. The other
class of facts is the history of this man before
he went into the office, while he was in the
office, since he retired from, the office, and up
to the present time.
Now, let me call the attention of the Senate
for a brief moment or two to what I maintain
is the great fact in this case, which underlies
the whole of it, and which influences my judg-
ment more than all the others combined, and
that is the resignation of his high office on the
11th of January, 1861. If we can ascertain
precisely the motives which induced the man in
the hour of his country's peril, when the ser-
vices of every loyal man and every competent
man were needed at his post, which influenced
him then, I think we can settle his case. In
order to do that it is necessary to look at the '
surroundings and see what was the condition
of affairs at the time.
Bear in mind that this man had been an offi-
cerof the Government, I do not know how long,
but many years.
Mr. HOWARD. One month.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Much longeT.
He was Commissioner of Patents before that.
He became Secretary of the Treasury on the
10th of December previous and was about a
month in the office of Secretary of the Treasury.
The country was in peril; the times were out
of joint. On the 22d of December South Car-
olina passed an ordinance of secession and
claimed to have dissolved the Union. On the
31st of December Mr. Benjamin arose in his
seat here in the Senate and announced his
determination to join his State in her purpose
of rebellion. On the 29th of December Secre-
tary Floyd left his place in the Cabinet and went
to Virginia to incite that State in her purpose
of rebellion against the Government of the Uni-
ted States. Prior to that time Mr. Cobb re-
signed his position as Secretary of the Treasury
and left to encourage rebellion in the southern
States. A few days after the resignation of
Mr. Floyd, Mr. Thompson, the Secretary of the
Interior, left the Cabinet to join his friends in
the general purpose of inciting rebellion in
those States. On the 25th of December, as I
recollect, Fort Moultrie was abandoned by
Major Anderson for Fort Sumter. Thereupon
the question arose in the Cabinet as to the policy
of the Government in retaining its authority in
the State of South Carolina. The Cabinet were
divided. Mr. Buchanan was disposed to main-
tain the authority of the Government. The
gentlemen to whom I have referred were op-
posed to it. Mr. Thomas tells you that he took
the side against Mr. Buchanan, and if you will
look at his letter you will not be in doubt as to
the motives which influenced his resignation, I
think.
Mr. President, my ground is that the act of
resigning under these circumstances was an
act of positive disloyalty on the part of Mr.
Thomas; that having taken an oath to support
the Constitution and laws of the United States,
it was his bounden duty to stand at his post.
If it were treason in Floyd to resign his post
and retire to Virginia with the purpose of
inciting rebellion and civil war and to join in
it, was it not disloyalty in Mr. Thomas to fol-
low within ten days upon the ground stated
here in his letter of resignation, that he could
not stay longer in the Cabinet on account of
his opposition to the views of Mr. Buchanan?
What were those views? Simply that the
authority of the Government of the United
States should be upheld in South Carolina.
He says:
"It has been in my power, as you are aware, to
1 agree with you and with a majority of your consti-
tutional advisers in the measures which have been
adopted in reference to the present condition of
things in South Carolina; nor do I think it at all
probable that I shall be able to concur in the views,
which you entertain, so far as I understand them,
1 touching the authority, under existing laws, to en-
. force the collection of the customs at the port of
Charleston.
| ".'Under such circumstances, after mature consid-
eration, I have concluded that I cannot longer con-
tinue in your Cabinet without embarrassment to you
! and an exposure of myself to the just criticism of
, those who are acquainted with my opinions upon j
I the subject."
! That is to say, "Sir, I cannot support you in j
your purpose to sustain the authority of the
United States in South Carolina, she having
rebelled. I agree with those who say you have
\ no authority, and I resign my place because
J I am not disposed to maintain the authority
of the United States in South Carolina.'" Sir,
1 an abandonment of his post, an abandonment j
of his duty with his oath upon hiro that_ he
would support the Government of the United
States and its authority, with that declaration,
! is a confession in open court. It is absolute
disloyalty. It is so near to an overt act of
treason that I think it would be difficult to
draw the distinction between it and that. It
only needed one quality more to make it abso-
lute treason ; and my own conviction from the
record is that he contemplated the consum-
mation of that other act whenever the contin-
gency should arise that Maryland should go
out of the Union, as it was then contemplated
she would.
Now, sir, it is difficult for me to see how it
is possible to draw, the distinction between the
conduct of this man, who left the Cabinet about
the same time that the other Cabinet officers
left. I do not see any distinction between the
cases, except that Mr. Thomas went to Mary-
land, took up his associations, as the evidence
is, with the secessionists, was in sympathy
with them during the rebellion, but committed
no overt act, because, as I think the record
abundantly shows, he was waitingforthe action
of his State. If his State had passed an ordi-
nance of secession, as the States to which the
other Cabinet officers went did, I cannot doubt
that he would have taken the same course that
they did.
A few words now, Mr. President, on the
other branch of the subject, because I am not
going to argue the case, but simply to state
the grounds on which I shall vote against the
admission of this man. The other point is,
that he gave some encouragement or some aid
or some countenance to his son, who was about
leaving home to join in the rebellion. Is that
clear? The facts in that respect are not de-
nied. He had a son at the age of eighteen, a
minor, an infant, a boy who by the laws of
God and man was under his absolute control.
It was his duty to guard and protect him, to
teach and defend him in the ways of loyalty
I and duty. He had absolute control over him ;
we do not disagree about that. Was he bound
to exercise it? For his good, certainly. Was
he bound to exercise that control for his conn-
try's good? Most obviously he was. Did he
| attempt to do it ? Not a bit of it. There is no
evidence in thi  record that I have been able
to see that he did more than expostulate with
him, nothing more than point out the dangers
and difficulties which he would encounter by
joining the rebellion. He did not undertake
to inculcate to that child one single sentiment
j of loyalty and duty to country. Not a word
! of that kind do you find. There is no remon-
strance against the wrong; it is only the per-
sonal danger against which he warns him.
There is no word here saying, " Your country
calls you: your duty is on the side of your
coun-try." His advice to his son was that he
should not join the other side on account of
the personal peril which would befall him.
Mr. President, he knew the purpose of this
lad. This lad was within his power. He had
notice that on a given day he was to proceed
to the rebel lines. It will not be doubted by
my honorable friend who has just taken his seat
that when the boy left the house and took the
first step toward rebellion it was an act of
treason to his Government. Nobody would
doubt that. When he proceeded toward the
lines, left his father's house to join the enemy,
he was a traitor the moment he departed in that
direction. Did the father know it? Certainly
he did. The evidence is that the father was up
in the morning anticipating the departure ot
the son, saw him ready to depart, and as he
! departed gave him the money; for what ? lo
meet his necessities, it is said. My honorable
friend from Oregon says we ought to be chari-
table aTid to consider that he was a father. I tio
not see, Mr. President, that our sympathies aro
at all invoked in that direction. We are trying
to find what was the motive of this fcither. In-
stead of that act, every sense of duty to country,
to God, to cause, to humanity, and to his boy
required that he should arrest him and prev.-nt
him. With the power to do it, and the duty
oalling upon him to do it, it is impossible for
me to draw any other conclusion than that he
had rather his boy would not have gone undtr
the circumstances, but that he did not oppose
