8068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June il,
desire to give notice that hereafter I shall ask
that all amendments be reduced to writing and
announced from the Clerk's desk. A fe'w mo-
ments ago an amendment was adopted which
I and others aronnd me did not hear the Clerk
announce, though probably he did so.
The CHAIRMAN. The'Chair will enforce
the rule whenever any gentleman-insists upon it.
Mr. MULL1NS. I shall insist upon it.
The amendment of Mr. Spalding was not
agreed to. *
Mr. ROBINSON. " I move to amend by
striking out near the close of this section the
words " manufactured on his own farm so
that the clause will read:
Nov shall any person be taxed as a manufacturer
or dealer for making and selling butter or cheese
witti milk from his own cows, nor for producing or
selliug any other farm product.
I do not see why this exemption should not
extend to persons hiring a farm for the purpose
of making or selling butter or cheese. I think
there would be propriety, also, in striking out
the words " from his own cows ; " for persons
may carry on this business upon shares, own-
ing neither the cows nor the farm; and I do
not think such persons should be taxed more
than those carrying on the same business, but
owning the farm and the cows.
A Member. That is provided for.
Mr. UOBINSON. If this section is intended
to have the construction which I designed to
express by my amendment, I withdraw the
amendment.
, Mr. BAItNES. I move to amend the sec-
tion by striking oat in line seven the word
" iarm " and inserting " premises so as to
make the last clause read :
Nor shall any person be taxed as a manufacturer
or dealer for making and belling butter or cheese,
with milk iroin hi*s own cows, manufactured on his
own premises, nor for producing or selling any other
farm product.
This will make the section harmonize with
the action we have already taken.
Mr. S.CHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I am
opposed to this amendment. The Committee
of Ways and Means have very carefully en-
deavored to guard this bill in such a way that
when a farmer, from the milk of his own cows
and on his own farm, makes butter and cheese,
lie shall not be regarded as a manufacturer,
but that the making of those articles shall be
regarded as one of the incidents of his opera-
tions as a farmer. Gentlemen know perfectly
well—and none better than my neighbors ill
the Western Ileservc of Ohio—that this busi-
ness of cheese-making is sometimes a very
extensive and profitable business. Gentlemen
here begin by getting in an amendment to strike
out in this section the word "farmer" and
insert "person," so that nobody who follows
this business shall be regarded as a manufac-
turer or dealer. By an inadvertence or mis-
understanding that amendment was permitted
to pass. And now it is proposed to go one step
further by striking out "farm " and inserting
'' premises." The latter term is broad enough
to include one of those infernal places in New
York where hundreds of cows are kept steam-
ing and sweating over swill-tubs to give milk
which, whether in the shape of the liquid itself
or in the form of butter and cheese, is poison-
ous to those who use it.
Mr. BAiiNES. That kind of milk does not
produce butter.
Mr. SCHENCK. No, it does not make
butter, I believe, but makes some sort of curd.
Whether in its liquid or its solid shape, I believe
it to be poisonous. I assume that the object
is of some gentleman here to permit this whole
manufacturing business to creep in step by step
by means of these changes. By the time this
process shall have been completed this branch
of manufacturing industry will be entirely
exempt from its share of the burdens of the
country ; so that instead of relieving the farmer
from taxation upon that which is incident, in
a greater or less degree, to his occupation, we
shall have released a whole branch of business
for the benefit of those who may invest their
capital in that way.
Mr. SPALDING. I wish to reply to- my
colleague.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
The question was taken on Mr. Baekes's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to strike out the
words "with milk from his own cows." 'The
gentleman says I know something about this.
Mr. SCHENCK. I know you do.
Mr. SPALDING-. I know that farmers do
not always make butter from milk of their own
cows. A custom has grown up among farmers
of exchanging milk with each other and of
making butterand cheese outof Borrowed milk.
It is considered as the product of their own
farms. ^ Now, my friend, the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means has urged more
than once that it was wise to place the burden of
taxation upon the false tastes of men for liquor,
tobacco, &c. I take it that he drew milk from
his mother's breast and acquired a taste for it
in that way. It is, therefore, a natural taste;
and according to his reasoning this matter
should escape all taxation. I appeal to him to
follow out bis own reasoning, and 1 ask him in
good faith to have these words stricken out,
because our farmers make butter and cheese
from milk they have received in exchange as
from milk of their own cows.
Mr. MULLINS. I hope the amendment
will be rejected j and as I am up I will give you
my idea of this matter. I must give venfc to
my thoughts on the moving of this amendment
about butter and chcese. Having gone over
the material points of the bill, and now having
come to this place where little farmers are
interested, as to the partnership of farmers for
the purpose of exchanging milk and making
butter and cheese, then, lo! when before all
was serene as a summer morning, we have a
terrible wrangle and a great clamor raised. I
know what this means. If we allow this bor-
rowing and exchanging of milk, as the gentle-
man suggests, then there may be an association
of parties who will supply all the butter and
cheese and run the little farmers out of the
market entirely. That is what it means.
The question was taken on the amendment
of Mr. Spaldixg; and it was disagreed to.
No further amendment being offered, the
Clerk read the next section, as follows:
Sec.96. Andbe it farther enacted, That the payment
of any special tax imposed by this act shall not be
held or Construed to exempt any person carrying on
any trade, business, or profession from any penalty
or punishment therefor provided by the laws of any
State; nor to authorize the commencement or con-
tinuance of any such trade, business, or profession
contrary to the laws of any State, or in places pro-
hibited by municipal law; nor shall the payment of
nnysuch tax bo held or construed to prohibit or pre-
vent any State from placing a duty or tax on the
same trade, business, or profession tor State or other
purposes.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
as follows:
STAMPS.
Sec. 97. And be il further enacted, That all internal
revenue stamps of every kind and denomination on
hand with the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, or
under his control, together with all such stamps as
may be in the possession of or charged to any collector
or other officer, agent, or person at the time this act
takes effect, shall be accounted for by said Commis-
sioner to the Treasury Department; and to this end
he shall render a full and detailed report thereof, in
duplicate, one report to be delivered to the Treasurer
of the United States and the other to be delivered to
the First Comptroller of the Treasury; and itshallbe
the duties of those officers severally to take account
of the stamps thus reported, their numbers, kiuds,
and denominate values, and to charge the same to
the respective accounts of the Commissioner, collec-
tors, agents, or other officers or persons entitled by
law to the possession of the same, and with whom
they may appear to be severally deposited.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike out the
word, ''duties," and insert in lieu thereof
"duty."
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment being offered, the
Clerk read the next paragraph, as follows :
Sec. 98. And be it further enucted, That whenever
any internal revenue stamps shall be prepared on
the requirement of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, and shall be ready for delivery, the said
Commissionershall issue a warrant theretor in favor
of the Treasurer br some Assistant Treasurer of the
United States, addressed to the person or persons, or
company, bywhom the shall havebees so pre*
pared* specifying therein the several denominations
and the number of each,denomination, and shall
deliver a copy of said warrant to the First Compti oi-
ler of the ireasury. Aud it shall be the'duly of the
irea?uieror the Assistant Treasuier forthwith tor pre-
set such, warrant to the party to whom llie suine
shall be addressed, and to receive the stamps therein
described, and to transmit to the Uotnmissoner and
to the inrst Comptroller each a ocrtificatpoj thefact.
And the Secretary of the Treasury may make such
regulations as to him aiayseeni proper for the inter-
ests of the United States and the convenience 01 the
public, for the transfer stamps by the Treasurer to
an Assistant Treasurer, and from one Assistant Treas-
urer to another, or to the Treasurer; and he may tflso
make regulations for the custody and disposal of
stamps by designated depositaries. Ami forthesafe-
keeping and disposal of stamps agreeably to law, the
said ireasurerand each Assistant Treasurer and des-
ignated depositary, respectively, shall, with their
respective sureties on their official bonds, bo ;held
bound and liable to .the United States for Lhe par
money value of such stamps, in the same manner
and to the same extent as for the safe-keeping and
disposal of the moneys of the United States. And
whenever application shall be made to purchase
stamps the Commissioner shall issue a warrant there-
tor on the Treasurer, or proper Assistant Treasuier.
stating therein the number of each denomination or
stamps to be delivered, and the sum to be paid there-
ior; but in no case shall a warrant be issued for a J ess
amount than fifty dollars of the denominate valuo
• , v--.  - .—csistant
ireasuivrol thesum designated, thedesenbedstamps
shall be delivered to the holder of the wart ant aud a
receipt taken therefor; but the Commissioner may
require a deposit of the puiehase money before issu-
ing a warrant for the delivery of stamps, and where
by law the delivery of stamps to collectors oi internal
revenue without prepayment of the value thereof
may be authorized, such deliveries shall be made
in the manner and with the forms proscribed in.
this sectionProvided. That the Commissioner and
the Secretary of the Treasurer may together au-
thorize some officer of the United States, appointed
by the President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, and having his office in kan Francisco,
to draw warrants for stamps on the Assistant Treas-
urer at San Franoi&co; and such officer, in addition
to transmitting a copy of each warrant to the First
Comptroller, as required of the Commissioner, shall
make such iepoits of his transaction as may be re-
quired by the Secretary of the Treasury and ibe Com-
missioner. The Treasurer, oach Assistant Treasurer,
and designated depositary, to whom stamps shall be
delivered, shall, at tho oxpiiation of oach quarter, or
often er if required, render and transmit to the Fifth
Auditor of the Treasury an account of the stamps
leceivcd by him, in which he shall be charged with
all stamps on hand at the beginning of tho quarter,
and with all stamps received by him during the
greater or lesser period of time, at tho denominate
valueof such stamps; and hcshall becrcdit,ed.at like
valuewith ailstamps delivered by him upon warrants,
as herein provided, upon the production of the war-
rants, duly receipted, by the parties respectively to
whom tho deliveries may have been made; and he
shall accompany each account with schedules of tho
denominations and numbers and character of the
stamps charged; of those delivered upon warrants
and of those yet remaining on hand. Each collector
of internal revenue to whom stamps may be deliv-
eiedfor saleshall in like manner render aud trausinit
to the Fifth Auditor an account and schcdulo of
stamps received by him, stamps sold and stamps re-
maining on hand, separate from his other accounts,
in which he shall be charged with all stamps on hand
at the beginning of the quarter, and with all stamps
received during the period embraced iu the account
at the denominate value thereof, and he shall be
credited with all moneysdeposited byhimonaceount
of sales of stamps, with the commission on such de-
posits authorized by law and the regulations ot the
Commissioner, and with such stamps as he may have,
under the regulations of tuc Commissioner, returned
to the Treasurer, an AssistantTreasurer, or designated
depositaiy. And in case of tho failure of the Treas-
urer, an Assistant Treasurer, designated depositary,
or collector of internal revenue to pay over moneys
received for stamps, orotherwise properly to account
for the stamps received by nim, he shall bo liable to
the United States for the full denominate value of
such stamps, without deductions for commissions or
other charges. And ail moneys received from the
sale of stamps shall bo paid into the Treasury separate
and distinct from otner public moneys. And the
Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to make rules
and regulations for the safe-keeping and transmis-
sion of stamps, and to provide, by contract or other-
wise, for the manufacture of them, in such numbers
and kinds, and of such descriptions, denominations,
and devices, as the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue may require.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend, in line
twenty-seven, by striking out the words 44 par
money" and inserting the word ''denom-
inate."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move further to strike
out the following words :
In which he shall be charged with all stamps on
hand at the beginning of the quarter, and with all
stamps received during the period embraced in the
account at th<^ denominate value thereof, and he
shall be credited with all moneys deposited by him
