660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
his authority to the lad's going, growing out of
the fact of the sympathy which ho had had in
the beginning with the rebellion, and growing
out of his opinions that the South were right,
and the Government, in attempting to enforce
its authority over these States, was wrong; and
therefore, if the boy would go, he would not
interpose his authority to prevent him.
Mr. President, if it were treason in the lad,
as I maintain it was, to leave that house and
go in the direction of the rebel lines with the
purpose of joining the enemy and taking up
arms, it was misprision of treason in the father
to allow it. I maintain that that is sound law.
If it was a crime in the son, which he was
about perpetrating with the knowledge of the
father, it was misprision of treason in the
father not to arrest hiin. I do not mean to
say it was such in a positive, active sense, but
in the negative sense. Every man is respon-
sible who knows a crime about to be commit-
ted and neglects to inform of it.
Therefore, Mr. President, I suggest to my
honorable friend from Oregon that on these
facts, if they are liable to this interpretation,
there is nothing doubtful in this case. We are
not left to conjecture. If the country shall
call upon us to know why we refuse this man
admittance into the Senate our answer is, first,
that he resigned his great office in the Cabinet
at a time when the country was in peril to avoid
serving on the side of the country, because he
favored rebellion, because he believed in the
right of secession, because he believed that the
authority of South Carolina was superior to
that of the national Government. Hence he
resigned his trust; he would not serve this
Government when its authority was called in
question by one of the States. For that rea-
son he has no right to ask to serve it now. The
further answer would be, of course, that having
a child under his power and within his author-
ity who owed service to the Government of the
United States, instead of requiring that service
for the Government of the country, he not only
suffered and allowed the boy to depart with
a full knowledge of these facts, but, to use
the very language of this law, he encouraged
him on his way by giving him material aid.
Besides, it should not be forgotten that while
the lad was on this side of the lines, lingering
on this side of the lines, and attempting to
reach the rebel lines, the father was advised
of his whereabouts ; that he was here; he had
written to his mother; he had received cloth-
ing and other things from the family, and there
was no time during the month he was on this
side of the lines attempting to reach the other
side when the father made the slightest effort
to arrest him, or to admonish him, or to give
information to others, that he might be ar-
rested.
Therefore, Mr. President, with these sugges-
tions of the difficulty in my own mind on this
subject, and not with any view of arguing the
matter to the Senate, I have to say that with-
out any hesitation whatever I shall vote against
allowing this man to take the oath.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, if this were
a doubtful case, if I had any doubt in my own
mind upon the facts, I should be inclined to give
the benefit of the doubt to the claimant; but I
have no doubt of this state of facts. I have no
doubt that Mr. Thomas thoroughly sympathized
with the rebellion from the beginning to the end,
and that his sympathies have not been changed.
In the whole history of this case I can see no
expression and no act of his in favor of the
country. He left Mr. Buchanan's administra-
tion because it was too much inclined to sup-
port the authority of the Government. That
appears to be the sum and substance of it.
He retired Jo Maryland, and was in full sym-
pathy with that portion of the inhabitants of
that State that sympathized with the rebellion.
He declined to vote or to participate in any of
the elections in that State held under the con
stitution that was formed by the loyal men
there. During the rebellion his son, a boy of
eighteen years of age, completely under hi#
control, went into the rebel army, and although
! his father knew where lie was going he gave
him SI00. Ho said ho did that on aceount'of
his affection for his son. He knew the pur-
poses to which that money was to be put; he
knew that it was to aid his son to join in the
rebellion. His son was a month in getting
through the lines. It would have been very
easy to have had him stopped during that time.
Mr. Thomas made no effort to do so. He pur-
sued the course I have indicated until the
Democrats and those who sympathized with
his views camo into power in Maryland, and
lie was elected to the Senate. After he was
elected he made a speech, the most favorable
version of which, to say the least of it, was
not in harmony with the sentiments of the
people who had sustained the country, not in
harmony with the principles upon which the
war had been fought, but in perfect sympathy
with the adversaries of the country.
Now, I undertake to say that there is enough
in the case to show motive, if you are to deter-
mine this question upon motives. We have a
right to take into consideration his whole eon-
duct to give character to that act of contribut-
ing $100 to his son. If I could find in all this
record one circumstance that would induce me
to believe that he had any desire that his son
should not aid the rebellion, that he had any
sympathy with the cause of the Union, I should
be inclined to go as far as possible in attrib-
uting to him a desire simply to relieve the
wants of his son. He knew the purpose for
which the money was to be appropriated, and
all the facts of this case go to show that that
purpose was in harmony with his sympathies
and his desires. There is no doubt of the fact
that this was aid and comfort to the enemy.
There is no more doubt of it in my mind than
there is of any other proposition that can be
imagined. Certainly if this was a criminal
case, and it was a question whether he was an
accessory before the fact to the commission
of the crime, testimony of this kind would con-
vict him before any jury. It is amply sufficient,
and no one would doubt it. The only way to
avoid it is to say that the rebellion was not a
crime. There is no confusion when you apply
the facts of this case to ordinary criminal juris-
prudence. He was an accessory before the
fact. He did contribute his son and gave him
money to aid in this rebellion.
So far as the facts are concerned, although
the case of Mr. Thomas is not as notorious as
would be the case of Jefferson Davis if he were
to present himself here, it seems to me it comes
within the same rule; and with me the ques-
tion comes back, would we exclude Breckin-
ridge or Jefferson Davis if they were elected
and sent here, because it is not the amount of
aid that he gave the rebellion, but the fact that
he did give it that we are to determine.
We have an oath here which it is said the
applicant may take and then take his seat and
we have no jurisdiction of the matter. If that
be true, we have been acting very foolishly in
investigatingthesubject beforehand. The Sen-
ate determined that it would inquire into the
question by referring it to a committee for
examination to see whether Mr. Thomas was
entitled to take this oath. It has indicated
that it intended to enforce this rule, that a per-
son who had been engaged in the rebellion
should not take a seat in Congress until the dis-
abilities it created were removed. While I am
in favor of removing disabilities ; while I am in
favor of amnesty in all proper cases; while I
was in favor originally, and will be whenever
the time shall come again, of extending amnesty
to all persons who will extend rights and suf-
frage to the poor and the weak; while I am will-
ing to extend mercy to those who'will do justice,
and it is a part of my creed; while I am anxious
all the time to relieve any one who shows that
he is now willing to cooperate in the cause of
his country and let bygones be bygones, I am
not willing to extend amnesty and indulgence
unless I get the equivalent on the part of these
men, of justice and protection to the weak and
tbe oppressed among them, unless I have some
eyidence that they are now in favor of sustain-
ing the Government. I have seen no such evi-
dence on the part of the ruling classes of Mary-
land. I have seen no such evidence on the
part of those who support Mr. Thomas in Mary-
land. i have no such evidence on his part. I
have not yet heard from him that he is willing
that every Union man in Maryland should be
protected by the law ; that the civil rights bill
should be there enforced. I have seen nothing
of that kind, and the case comes to me simply
upon the law and the admitted facts that he did
give aid and comfort to the rebellion, that his
sympathies were with the rebellion. It comes
to me in that naked form. There is no circum-
stance appealing to this Senate in his behalf,
showing that he is ready to extend protection
to those who are willing to be loyal in that
State. Consequently it seems to me that while
these laws remain on the statute-book it, is our
duty to investigate and to administer them.
The oath that is to be taken before admis-
sion to a seat in this body requires that the
applicant for admission shall swear—-
"That I have not yielded a voluntary support to
any pretended government, authority, power, or
constitution within the United States hostile or in-
imical thereto."
Although it may be said we have nothing to
do with this question, that it depends upon
him, yet we have undertaken to exercise juris-
diction, and after having investigated the case,
it seems to me it comes with an ill grace to say
that we shall stand by and see him take that
oath, when, in the judgment of the Senate, he
ought not to do so.
It is contended by some that if this be au
additional qualification we cannot impose it;
that we cannot impose a qualification that is not
in the Constitution ; that we cannot require any-
thing but the simple oath to support the Con-
stitution. That would lead to very strange
results, and, in my judgment, would deprive
us from carrying out the intent and meaning
of the Constitution. If that construction were
carried out, to the full extent contended for by
the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] the
other day, I suppose it would admit Jefferson
Davis, Breckinridge, and every other rebel into
this body; and certainly if it had been enforced
during the rebellion, it would have been the
destruction of this Government. It certainly
would have been the destruction of the Govern-
ment if we had admitted it at that time. Who
can say that it may not now be dangerous to
admit enemies of the country into this Senate?
If there is in the Constitution an inherent
right that compelled us to take the necessary
measures to maintain the existence of this Gov-
ernment and to exclude its enemies, who pro-
posed to destroy it, Congress must judge of
the necessary means. It would be a strange
construction indeed that would force Congress
to admit into these halls persons who were de-
termined to destroy the Government. Mr.
Johnson has taken a different view. The Pres-
ident has contended from the beginning that
we could exclude disloyal persons. He has so
stated in most of his messages. He has con-
ceded that jurisdiction to Congress in the full-
est possible way. I understand that to be a
part of the President's policy, that disloyal
men are to be excluded from Congress. He
says we can do that; that we are the judges,
and the rule by which we are to judge whether
applicants are loyal or disloyal we have deter-
mined in this oath. It is therefore not only
our right, but it is our duty to exercise the
necessary power to protect the Senate from
disloyal persons, to protect them from Breck-
inridge or Jeff. Davis; for the logic of the
contrary doctrine, as was admitted, would ad-
mit Breckinridge into this Chamber at once if
he were sent here from Kentucky.
The question of what is meant by the word
"necessary" in the Constitution, the neces-
sary power that Congress should exercise, aijd
the latitude it possessed in judging of that
question, is discussed generally and very for-
cibly in the opinion of Chief Justice Marshall
in the case of McCulloch vs. The State of
Maryland, There are some .passages in fhat
