1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Laws of (he United States.
40th Cong. .. .2d
items in the office of the Paymaster General,
eleven thousand, dollars.
For the repair, preservation, extension, and
completion of certain public works on rivers
and harbors, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of War, one million five
hundred dollars: Provided, That said expend-
itures shall not be applied to any works not
mentioned in the bill "making appropriations
for repairs, preservation, and completion of
certain public works, and for other purposes,'"
which passed the House of Representatives
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight.
One hundred thousand dollars, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of War
in the removal of the wreck of the iron steam-
ship "Scotland," now on the bar outside of
Sandy Hook, near the entrance to the harbor
of New York: Provided, That the Secretary
of War shall, after notice given in one or more
newspapers in the cities of Philadelphia, New
York, and Boston, receive sealed proposals
for the removal of said wreck, and make con-
tract for the same with the lowest bidder there-
for. Said contract will in no case exceed in
amount the sum herein appropriated.
For the removal of a sunken rock in the
channel of the harbor at the port of New York,
fifteen hundred and thirty dollars.
Soldiers' Bmmties.
To facilitate the payment of soldiers' boun-
ties under act of July twenty-eighth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, as follows :
For fuel and gas, seven hundred dollars.
For carpeting, two thousand dollars. -
For fitting house, cases, and so forth, five
hundred dollars.
For rent, twelve hundred dollars.
For fifty chairs, three hundred dollars.
For one messenger, three laborers, and two
night watchmen, four thousand six hundred
dollars.
Washington Aqueduct.
To meet a deficiency in the cost of complet-
ing certain portions of the Washington aque-
duct, comprising the Potomac dam, repairs of
temporary dam, gate-house at Great Palls, and
the connecting conduit at the receiving reser-
voir, twenty-seven thousand five hundred dol-
lars : Provided, That the sum shall be iu fall
of all claims against the Government for work
done or damages incurred on the Washington
aqueduct.
For salary of assistant engineer, superin-
tendence, and repairs, for the year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine,
twenty-five thousand dollars, to be expended
under the immediate direction of the officer
detailed to act as superintendent of public
buildings and grounds.
Bock Island Arsenal.
For the erection of abridge to connect Rock
Island arsenal with the city of Rock Island,
Illinois, one hundred thousand dollars, said
bridge to be constructed and completed for the
sum hereby appropriated.
To enable the Secretary of State to pay the
costs of interpretation at the consulate at Ban-
kok, in Siani, front the first of July, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven, to the thirtieth of
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-Bine, one
thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of War to meet the
expenses of defending suits brought against
parties for executing the orders of Govern-
ment during the late rebellion, fifty thou-
sand dollars, or so orach thereof as may be
necessary.
To supply a deficiency for Teportmg and
printing the proceedings of the Senate in the
Daily Globe, fifteen thousand dollars.
To repay to the judiciary fund the sum of
five thousand two hundred and eighteen dol-
lars and thirty-eight cents, being amounts ex-
40th Cong. 2d Ress.-~-No. 35,
pended by order of the Chief Justice of the
Supreme Court of the United States in carry-
ing into effect the provisions of an act ap-
proved March second, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, entitled "An act to establish a
uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the
United States."
To reappropriate an unexpended balance of
an appropriation made by act approved Au-
gust fifth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
"to refund to the State of California expenses
incurred in suppressing Indian hostilities,"
said balance having lapsed and being covered
into the Treasury on the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, ten thou-
sand one hundred and eighty-three dollars and
sixty-three cents: Provided, Thatnothingshall
be paid except subject to existing provisions
of law and upon the finding and certificate of
the Third Auditor that the same is actually due.
For the payment to the Territory of Colo-
rado for the services of the first regiment of
the Colorado mounted militia, called into the
service of the United States on the requisition
of Colonel Thomas Moonlight; and for the
services of any other militia forces of the said
Territory which were employed in the service
of the United States, on the call of the Gov-
ernor of the Territory, in the year eighteen huu
dred and sixty-four, the sum of fifty-five thou-
sand two hundred and thirty-eight dollars and
eighty-four cents, being the amount found to
be justly due and recommended to be allowed
on the account as presented by Thomas M.
Vincent, assistant adjutant general, in his let-
ter to the Secretary of War, dated Washington,
October thirty-first, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven: Provided, That said amount shall
be taken and deemed to be in full satisfaction
of the claims of the said Territory: And pro-
vided further, That no money shall be paid
from the Treasury on said account until the
public property issued to the forces shall have
been properly accounted for to the satisfaction
of the proper officers of the Treasury.
For deficiency in the appropriation for sala-
ries and other expenses of local and supervis-
ing inspectors, appointed under act of August
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and fifty-two, for
the better protection of the lives of passengers
by steamboats, twenty thousand dollars.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
For overland mail and marine service be-
tween New York and California, nine hundred
thousand dollars.
For deficiency for steamship mail service
between the United States and _Brazil_ during
the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, twelve thousand five
hundred dollars.
RECONSTRUCTION".
For deficiency under the reconstruction acts
for the several military districts for the fiscal
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight:
For the first district, six thousand dollars;
For the second district, one hundred and
twenty-seven thousand eight hundred and
ninety-eight dollars and twenty-five cents;
For the fourth district, fifty-three thousand
two hundred dollars;
For the fifth district, forty-five thousand
dollars. .
For the following amounts estimated as ne-
cessary in carrying out the reconstruction acts
from and after the thirtieth day of June, eight-
een hundred and sixty-eight:
For the first district, ninety-three thousand
dollars;
For the second district, fifteen thousand dol-
^For the third district, fifteen thousand dol-
For the fourth district, seventy-five thousand
dollars; • ' ,
For the fifth district, eighty thousand dollars.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AND GROUNDS.
To supply deficiencies in appropriations for
public buildings and grounds, viz.:
For additional labor cleaning the center
building of the Capitol, repairing the Wash-
ington statue on the east grounds of the Capi-
tol, cleaning and repairing columns in the
building, laying a new brick pavement on the
west front, and repairing fountains, fifteen
hundred dollars.
For continuing the filling and grading of the
Capitol grounds, under the direction of the
architect of the Capitol extension, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For taking care and improvement of reser-
vation number two and La Fayette square,
five hundred dollars.
For care and improvement of grounds south
of the President's House, one thousand dol-
lars.
For continuing the grading of Virginia ave-
nue, to pay cart hire—labor having been fur-
nished by the Commissioner of the Freedmen's
Bureau, when the original appropriation was
exhausted, to continue the work—the hire of
carts to be paid by the officer in charge of pub:
lie buildings and grounds, two thousand dol-
lars.
For cleaning sewer traps on Pennsylvania
avenue, five hundred dollars.
For repairs of water pipes, three hundred
dollars.
For removing snow and ice from .pave-
ment[s] and public walks, two hundred dol-
lars.
For repairs of Pennsylvania avenue, and
keeping it clean and free from dirt, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For annual repairs of the President's House,
including the payment of bills approved by the
joint committee of Congress appointed to audit
the bills for repairing and refurnishing the
Executive Mansion, ten thousand dollars.
For removal of foot-bridge from Maine ave-
nue to Third street west, seventy-five dollars.
For improvement and taking care of the
Circle, on Pennsylvania avenue and Twenty-
Third street west, one hundred and fifty dol-
lars.
To supply deficiency in payment for mate-
rial for gates for Judiciary Square Hospital,
eight hundred and sixty-eight.dollars.
For deficiencies in appropriations for feed-
ing destitute friendly Indians, under act of
July twentieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, in accordance with recommendations
of the Indian peace commission, one hundred
and seventy-two thousand eight hundred and
twenty dollars and eleven cents: Provided,
That no part of the money appropriated for
this purpose shall be paid until the accounts
for feeding such destitute Indians shall be fully
investigated by a commission to consist of
Lieutenant General William T. Sherman, Ma-
jor General P. H. Sheridan, and Major Gen-
eral C. C. Augur; and the said commission is
hereby authorized, for the purpose of such
investigation, to call and examine witnesses
in this behalf, and only the amount that said
commission shall certify to be equitably and
justly due shall be paid. And said commis-
sion shall sit at Leavenworth, Kansas, and
shall have power to appoint a clerk at a salary
of five dollars per day for the time actually
employed; and the sum of one thousand dol-
lars, or so much thereof as may be necessary
for clerk hire, traveling and incidental ex-
penses of the commission, is hereby appro-
priated.
CITY OF WASHINGTON,
Sf.c. 2. Andbeit further enacted, That the
chief engineer of the Army shall reimburse to
the corporation of the city of Washington for
expenses incurred in improving th"e_ property
of the General Government iu said city, under
provisions of act- of May fifth, eighteen hna 
dred and sixty four, and in accordance with
