2046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
alarm us. If the people should be invited, as
in fact they have been, by strained construc-
tions of law and crooked perversions of plain
contracts, to seek to avoid their honest obliga-
tions, let us remember that this invitation
comes from the same persons who advised the
young men to stay at home while the streams
run blood at Gettysburg and Vicksburg.
This brief review shows that our present
financial troubles are to be referred mainly to
these causes, to wit:
1. The heavy national war debt, requiring
large taxes for many years to pay off the yearly
interest and ultimately to liquidate the principal.
2. A disorganized industry, occasioning too
large a production in some branches and too
little in others, together with excessive import-
ations of foreign goods.
3. An unsound and depreciated paper cur-
rency, which leads to idleness, extravagance,
speculation, and overtrading.
Other evils might be enumerated, no doubt,
of a subordinate character, but the foregoing
■will be recognized as the principal causes of
the present uneasiness in the public mind.
Into these, I think, nearly all others may bo
easily resolved. What then is the remedy for
them, if there be any, and how shall it be ap-
plied? And first, as to the public debt, that
great nightmare which has frightened so many
people out of their senses and is making cow-
ards of so many public men, but which, in my
opinion, is not by any means our worst danger
at the present time—what is to be done with
it? To this question there ought to be but one
answer. There can, in fact, be but one answer
by a brave and honest people—it is to be paid.
There is, indeed, in the country a small party of
political freebooters who boldly propose to re-
pudiate this debt, but no man who has any fear
either of infamy in this world or of the pangs
of the second death will make haste to join
them. It is safe to affirm, upon the honor of
the American people, which has never yet been
defiled, that this debt will be paid.
But there is a new Democratic method for
the payment of the public debt, which may be
fitly termed the "greenback" scheme. It
comes from a quarter not likely at once to
win the confidence of the loyal people of the
country. Its inventor was not quick to bring
liis gifts to the aid of the nation in its great
struggle for existence. He was not ready then
with a scheme to put down rebellion, but
rather scoffed at our efforts and pronounced
them a "failure." He would not vote the
money to carry on the war, and his people dis-
missed him from the public service on account
of his want of patriotism. There were many
men of his party who stood by their country,
preferring to save the nation even though a
party might perish, but this gentleman was not
of them. .Now, however, Mr. Pendleton
exhibits the greatest alacrity in bringing for-
ward a project to pay a debt to the making of
which he was utterly hostile. It must be paid,
he informs us, in legal tenders, but he does
not in the least enlighten us as to what he will
do with the legal tenders. Is he sincere in
his profession of a desire to pay the national
debt, or does he mean utterly to swamp it in
his overwhelming flood of irredeemable green-
backs? There is the utmost reason to suspect
the latter. Repudiation is an ugly word.
Payment in something which is no payment
sounds much better. The Ohio convention,
on the 8th January, which put Mr. Pendle-
ton forward as its candidate for the Presidency,
expressed itself in this wise :
" Jiesohsd, That, neither forgetting nor denying
our ancient I'aith that gold and silver coin form the
currency of the Constitution, we declare that the five-
twenty bonds should be paid in the same cunency
received by the Government for their issue."
The Indiana convention, held on the same
day, adopted this resolution on the same sub-
ject :
" Resolved, That we arc in favor of the paying of
the Government bonds in Treasury notes, commonly
called greenbacks, except where expressly made pay-
able in gold by law, at the earliest period.''
There is some encouragement to be derived
from the fact that the Ohio convention still
had virtue enough left to be ashamed of itself.
Seeing that, as Democrats, they were turning
their backs upon all the best traditions of the
party, they declare "that they neither forget
nor deny their anoient faith that gold and sil-
ver coin form the currency of the Constitu-
tion," but still demand that "the five-twenty
bonds-shall be paid in the same currency re-
ceived for their issue." Why the five-twenty
bonds any more than every other debt of the
United States? They were bought and paid
for in the same manner as every other form of
indebtedness. The same currency used then
is used now, and is likely to continue for some
time to come. Does this resolution mean that
the debt was unconstitutionally contracted, and
therefore ought to be paid in a currency not
sanctioned by the Constitution? It certainly
has a very strong leaning in that direction.
Gold and silver are recognized as "the cur-
rency of the Constitution," and greenback
payment as applicable only to the five-twenty
bonds. Th&e bonds are treated as an excep-
tional case. The Indiana Democracy does
forget entirely the " ancient faith," and deny
it, too. They " favor the payment of the Gov-
ernment bonds in Treasury notes at the earliest
period," or rather they wish to make known
their intention to refuse payment of the Gov-
ernment bonds as soon as possible. They have
been educated in the " Golden Circle," and do
not blush in their work.
If the five-twenty bonds are" to be paid in
greenbacks, then I desire to know in what
manner and when they will pay the green-
backs ; for if you will keep your promise to
pay the legal tenders according to the terms
of that promise, then it is immaterial how
quickly the bonds are paid in that currency.
But if you intend to break your promise to
pay the legal tenders speedily in money, then
the pretense of payment of $1,720,000,000 of
the national debt in that paper is a false pre-
tense and a very thin cover to a shameless
repudiation.
I pass by now the fact that it is utterly idle
to call that a payment which is only the substi-
tution of one promise for another. The green-
backs are themselves a material portion of the
national debt, and, in my judgment, that por-
tion which calls most loudly for immediate
payment. It is the legal tenders that stand
most in the way of a return to a sound cur-
rency and to the restoration of that stability
in all business affairs which is the only safe
basis of prosperity. What are these magical
greenbacks which we are told are "to relieve
the people from the_ burden of debt" and lift
the load of oppressive taxation from their
shoulders? By what wonderful process is it
that the people are to be relieved of a great
burden of debt, not yet due, by the substitu-
tion for it of another of equal amount, which
is already overdue.
The legal-tender note is simply the promise
of the United States to pay to the holder a cer-
tain sum in money at the Treasury in New
York. It is due as soon as issued, and ought
to be paid in gold at the Treasury when de-
manded there. If so paid it would constitute
a sound paper currency. But, in fact, it is
not paid at all. The promise is broken as soon
as made. It is, therefore, a dishonored paper
from the beginning, always at a heavy dis-
count from actual money, a false and fluctu-
ating standard of values, and a general dis-
turber of the business of the country. By this
false and delusive circulating medium the pub-
lic judgment has been demoralized and led
astray, men's minds have been confused, and
their good sense confounded between actual
money and mere promises to pay money.
Because it passes current and the depreciation
is not marked on its face, but only in the pre-
mium upon gold and the enhanced price of
commodities, we are innocently asked by per-
sons who are otherwise supposed to possess
good sense if this is not good enough money.
It is the precise delusion that pronounced a
national debt a national blessing. It takes for
granted that there is some value in these pic-
torial promises themselves, while, in fact, they
are utterly worthless except in so far as there
is a probability that they will ultimately'^ paid
off in gold. And this probability is lessened
by every additional issue and as well by every
act of Congress that indicates a disposition to
postpone indefinitely the day of resumption of
specie payments.
When the legal tenders were first issued
their real character was fully understood. It
was then thought necessary to apologize for an
act so entirely atwarwith all sound principles.
Congress informed the country that this was
a temporary expedient for borrowing money,
justified by an appalling necessity, and to be
resorted to no longer and to no greater extent
than the necessity demanded. The public
mind was not yet debauched by the speculative
gambling which always carries off an irredeem-
able paper currency. But gambling is a se-
ductive vice, and when once entered upon it is
hard to bring back its bliuded devotee-s to the
sober ways of honest industry. That is our
present difficulty. The country has become
to a degree intoxicated with an abundance
of cheap and depreciated paper money, and,
like every inebriate, instead of putting aside
the poisonous draught cries loudly for more
It is the daughter of that financial hor&e-
leeeli" which cries forever " Give ! give!" This
greenback delusion will shortly pass away.
The good sense of the country will reject it.
It is an appeal to the dishonesty of the people,
which does not give them credit for the intel-
ligence they actually possess. At first blush
it seems a cunning ruse to tell the public cred-
itor that he must receive in payment for his
bond the same currency in which be paid for
it originally, but when more closely scanned it
is a manifest fraud ; it wholly ignores the con-
tract and deliberately repudiates the interest.
Why not have kept the greenbacks in the
beginning ? What necessity for bonds at all ?
If the country is ready, by compelling its
creditors to acceptnon-interest-payingTreasury
notes for interest-paying bouds, to repudiate
the interest upon the debt, how long will it be
before it is ready to repudiate the debt itself?
Who will be willing, after incurring the shame
of the first repudiation, to bear heavy burdens
to escape the second. A reputation already
spotted will not be likely to haggle about the
size of the spots.
In this argument I make no account of thepar-
ticnlarlanguage of theseveral acts authorizing
the issue of the five-twenty bonds. Onaquestion
of national good faith shown like this we can-
not resort to the acts of the small lawyer. When
the bonds were put on the market the nation
was in extremis. Greenbacks would not an-
swer its purpose. There was the most over-
whelming necessity, not only that the money
should be obtained, but that it should be ob-
tained upon securities having a term of years
to run, that the business and credit of the coun-
try might not be destroyed by a floating debt
so large as to be unmanageable. With this
understanding the bonds were issued to fall
due at a period supposed to be remote enough
to escape all contact with the greenback flood.
They were promises to pay money as understood
both by seller and buyer and the people were
exhorted by every motive of patriotism to in-
vest in them, and they did so to such an extent
as to excite the admiration of the whole civil-
ized world. Shall we now come to them and
say that the cunning lawyers have found out a
trick in the acts of Congress to cheat them out
of the securities they bought?
Why. sir, if we are to do this, let us at least
assume the virtue of the common highwayman.
Let us stand square np to the position we take.
Let us say to the creditors of the nation : "It
is true enough that when we were in great
straits and desperate need of money you came
forward very generously and saved ns. And
it is equally true that we, in apparent good
faith, gave you the promise of the Government
to pay you certain sums of money with interest
at a future day. But really you must be aware
