3070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
stamp, die, plate, or other instrument, which shall
have been so provided, made, or used as aforesaid,
with intent to defraud the United States; orif any
person shall fraudulently cut, tear, or remove or
cause or procuicto be out, torn, or removed, the im-
pression ol any stamp, die, plate, or other instrument
which shall have been provided, made, or used in
pursuance of this net from any vellum, parchment,
or paper or any instrument or writing charged or
chargeable with any ot tile taxes imposed by law ; or
if any person shall fraudulently use, join, fix, or
place or cause to be used, joined, fixed, or placed, to,
ivith, or upon any vellum, parchment, paper, or any
instrument or writing charged or chargeable with
any of the taxes hereby imposed, any ad bosive stamp,
or the impression of any stamp, die, plate, or other
instrument, which shall have been provided, made,
or used m pursuance of law, and which shall have
been cut, torn, or removed from any other vellum,
parchment, or paper or any instrument or writing
ehaiged or chargeable with any ot the taxes imposed
by law; or if any peason shall willfully remove or
cause to be removed, alter or cause to bealtercd, the
canceling or defacing maiks on any adhesive stamp,
with intent to use thosanie or to cause the use of the
same after it shall have been once used, or shall
knowingly or willfully sell or buy such washed or
restored stamps, or oiler the same for sale, or give or
expose the samo to any person lor use, or knowingly
use the same, or prepare the same with intent lor the
farther use thereof; or if any person shall knowingly
und without lavvlul excuse (the proof whercol shall
lie on the person accused) have in his possession any
washed,restored, or altered stamps, whichhave been
removed trom any vellum, parchment, pap r, instru-
ment, or writing; then, and in eveiysuch case, every
person so offending, and every person knowingly and
willfully aiding, abetting,or assisting in committing
any such offense as aloresaid, shall, on conviction,
be fined not less than $500 nor more than $5,000, and
imprisoned for not less than one year nor more than
five years; and all articles to which such forged,
counterfeited, washed, restored, or altcied stamps
have been allixod shall be forfeited to the United
States; and all such stamps, plates, dies, and other
instruments shall be destroyed by the marshal under
the direction ol tiie court.
Mr. AIjLISON. I move to amend this sec-
tion, adding to it the following:
ided. That the presence upon any stamp of a
Lition mark shall be prima facie evidence that
h stamp has been cut, torn or removed from some
iting or instrument charged or chargeable with a
, unless said stamp shall be affixed to an instru-
ment or writing, and the cancellation maik be that
wtiicli is appropriate to sack instrument or writing.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would call tlio atten-
tion of thegentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison1]
to this fact; his amendment says " unless said
stamp shall be affixed to an instrument or
writing." Are there not a great many articles
upon which stamps are to be. used, which can-
not be so described ?
Mr. ALLISON. This section applies to the
cutting or tearing off of stamps from "any parch-
ment, vellum, paper, instrument, or writing."
Mr. GARFIELD. Are not stamps applied
to other articles not so described?
Mr. ALLISON. They are; but the pro-
viso I have moved relates only to the articles
described in this section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move to amend this
section by striking out the following clause :
Or if any person shall knowingly and without law-
ful excuse (the proof whereof shall lio oil the per-
son accused) have in his possession any washed,
restored, or altered stamps, which have been lemoved
from any vellum, parchment, paper, instrument, or
wilting.
I see no reason at all for this very severe
provision of the law. Persons might have
stamps iu their possession without any illegal
puipose. But that to which I principally ob-
ject are the words included in the parentheses,
''the proof whereof shall lie on the person
accused." And wherever I meet with any
such provision in this bill, I intend to oppose
it as something tyrannical, unjust, and wrong
iu every way. It is wrong to have such a pro-
vision as this in the law, by which the mere
possession of a couple of stamps of the value
of two cents, shall be regarded as evidence
of guilt, throwing the burden of proof of inno-
cence upon the person having possession of
the stamps. And if there is any use at all in
any portion of this clause, I can see no excuse
for the words embraced in the parentheses.
I will modify my amendment, and move to
strike out the words in the parentheses, "'the
proof whereof shall lie on the person accused."
Mr. ALLISON. There can be no possible
honest reason for a person having iu his pos-
session " washed, restored, or altered stamps."
Mr. ROBINSON. I have a few in my pocket
now, and have had for more than a twelve-
month.
Mr. ALLISON. Or if there is any honest
reason it can be easily shown. In the large
cities there is a very large traffic in these washed
and restored canceled stamps. The object of
i this provision is to impose a punishment upon
| a class of people who indulge in this sort of
I traffic. I think it is a very just and proper pro-
vision, and that no honest man will be troubled
byMr. VAN AUKEN. Suppose a deed is
drawn up and a stamp affixed to it, and be-
fore the deed is delivered the party changes
his intention so as to require the drawing up
of a new deed.
Mr.'ALLISON. This provision applies to
persons having these restored, washed, or can-
celed stamps in their possession without any
legal excuse therefor. If a man lias an honest
legal reason for having such stamps in his
possession it will be very easy for him to show
that reason. I do not think much of that objec-
tion to this provision.
Mr. BARNES. Will the gentleman from
Iowa [.Mr. Allison] allow me to ask him a
question ?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
this amendment.
On agreeing to the amendment of Mr. Rob-
ixson there were—ayes 28, noes 43; no quorum
voting.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Robinson] insist on a
further count?
Mr. ROBINSON. Yes, sir; I feel justified
in making every effort in my power to have
this abominable provision struck out.
Mr. MAYNAKD. I think I can suggest to
the gentleman from New York a modification
of his amendment which would be acceptable.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
No quorum having voted,
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers ; and appointed Mr. Robinson and Mr.
Alusox.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 25, noes 72.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. PAINE. I move to amend the proviso
which has been added to this section on motion
of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Allison,]
by inserting after the word " instrument " the
words '• or article."
Mr. ALLISON. There is no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move to amend the
section by striking out the following :
Or if any person shall knowinglynnd without law-
ful excuse (the proof whereof shall lie on the person
accused) have in his possession any washed, restored,
or altered st.imps, which have been removed trom
any vellum, parchment, paper, instrument, or writ-
ing.
Mr. Chairman, I trust the committee will not
understand me as trilling with its time by
bringing up this question again. I believe that
no gentleman who will carefully examine the
provision which I move to strike out, can say
that there is any necessity for it. Its adoption
will simply place upon our statute book a cruel,
unnecessary, and unconstitutional enactment,
which can only be defended by those who ex-
pect severity to do what severity can never
accomplish. I trust, therefore, that this pro-
vision will be strteken out.
How would such an enactment operate?
Any gentleman having upon his person as
mere curiosities two stamps of the value of
one cent each, may be arrested by any one of
the many thousands of inspectors, runners,
&e., scattered all over the country, may be
brought before a magistrate or commissioner,
and there compelled to call witnesses to prove
that he has those stamps in his possession for
an innocent and lawful purpose. I say, take
all the oppressive laws that have ever been
denounced for their injustice and severity, and
you will not find upon the statute-book of any
nation so unjust, severe, and unnecessary a
provision as that upon which I am now com-
menting. It would seem a,<> if it had been
framed to outbid and out Hector all previous
forms of tyranny, putting into the Lands ot
these revenue officials more power than was
ever before put into the hands of magistrates
of any kind.
Mr. Chairman, I yield tlie remainder of my
time to my colleague, [Mr. Baknes.]
Mr. BARNES. Mr. Chairman, 1 fully in-
dorse the views which have just been expressed
by my colleague. I am astonished that gentle-
men should propose to incorporate a provision
of this kind into a bill intended, to be just.
Let me illustrate how such a provision would
operate. On a recent visit to my own estab-
lishment in the city of New York I found that
in consequence of some jealousy (the cause
of which i do not know) betvveen two of my
employes, one of them had putinto-the pockets
of the other articles of merchandise and had
him arrested and taken to the Tombs for the
supposed theft. Now, we all know that malice
is a more powerful incentive of human action
than avarice or revenge or any other passion.
Under the iufluenee of this passion children
oreven adults mayplace these canceled stamps
upon the person of any one whom, they wish
to injure, and subject him to a sort of inquisi-
tion which we all understand is unjust. It
seems to me whatever object is designed by
the committee to gain a great revenue, some
other means ought to be ascertained for the
purpose of accomplishing it.
Mr. SCHENCK. If these two gentlemen
were better lawyers they would not be as good
orators. We should not have heard from one
that this is the first instance in which we out-
Hectored and outbid every other form of
tyranny. There is no new principle of law
whatever involved in it. What is it we pro-
pose? To make it a penal offense to be found
in the possession of altered, washed, or re-
stored stamps. Not canceled stamps, for you
may have as many canceled stamps in your
pocket as you please; but if you are found
with stamps canceled, and the cancellation
partially removed so as to restore them, wash
them and put them upon the market, you are
like any other person found in possession of
counterfeited or altered notes, and it is a prima
facia case against any one charged with that
offense to say he has been found in possession
of these altered or counterfeit notes.
Mr. BARNES. Could I not take those
stamps and manipulate thetu in that way, and
place them upon the person of a second party,
so as to work to his own injury under this bill?
Mr. SCHENCK. I could get counterfeit
notes, and, if I were willing to do it, could
sneak up and put them into the pocket of my
friend from New York, but if 1 did it would
be easy to inquire into and explain the matter.
It is rather a violent presumption for the gen-
tleman to make.
All through the statute-books of every State
of the Union are provisions precisely similar
to this, that it shall be held to be penal, not
merely to counterfeit and forge, but to be found
in possession of forged and counterfeit notes.
That is all there is of it. This provision, j' if
any person shallknowingly." "Knowingly"—
that will meet the gentleman's case. The lan-
guage is:
Or if any person shall knowingly and without law-
ful exeuso (the proof whereof shall lio on the person
accused; have iu his possession any washed, restored,
or altered stamps, which have been removed trout
any vellum, parchment, instrument,or writing, then,
and in every such ease, every person so emending,
and every person knowingly and willfully aiding,
abetting, or assisting m committing any such oflense
as aloresaid, shall, on conviction, be tilled not less
than ioQO nor moie than So.000. and imprisoned for
not less than one year nor more than five years.
The amendment was disagreed to.
No further amendment being offered, the
Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. 102. And be it further enacted. That there sh all
be levied, collected, and x>aid as taxes, for and iu,
respect of the several instruments, matters, and
things mentioned and described in the. schedule
(marked B) hereunto annexed, or for ur lu respect
of the vellum, parchment, or paper upon which such
