4094:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to
allow it to be put on its passage now. It is a
bill extending the revenue laws over Alaska,
and it is a matter of necessity, and must go to
the House. Therefore I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to put it on its passage
at once.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that the laws of the
United States relating to customs, commerce,
and navigation, shall be extended to and over
all the mainland, islands, and waters of the
territory ceded to the United States by the
emperor of Russia by treaty concluded at
Washington on the 30 th day of March, 1867,
so far as the same may be applicable thereto.
By the second section all of the said territory,
with its ports, harbors, bays, rivers, and waters,
will constitute a customs collection district, to
be called the district of Alaska, for which dis-
trict a port of entry is to be established at some
convenient point to be designated by the Presi-
dent, at or near the townofSitkaorNew Arch-
angel, and a collector of customs be appointed
by the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, who shall reside at the
port of entry and receive an annual salary of
$2,500 in addition to the usual legal fees and
emoluments of the office. But his entire com-
pensation is not to exceed $4,000 per annum,
or a proportionate sum for a less period of
time. The third section provides that ports of
delivery not exceeding six in number may be
established by the Secretary of the Treasury at
such other points in the district as, in his opin-
ion, the interests of the revenue may demand,
for each of which a surveyor shall be appointed
by the Secretary, who may, at his discretion,
be by him clothed with any part or all of the
official powers of a collector, and required to
give bond to the United States for the faithful
discharge of his official duties in such amount
as the Secretary shall direct; and who shall
receive a salary of ยง2,000, and in addition,
when clothed with the powers and responsibil-
ities of a collector, the fees and emoluments
of a collector accruing at the port where each
surveyor is stationed. And in that case the
collector of the district is not to be entitled to
the same; but the entire compensation of any
such surveyor is not to exceed $3,000 per an-
num, or a proportionate sum for a less period.
The Secretary of the Treasury is by the fourth
section authorized to make and prescribe such
regulations as he may deem expedient for the
nationalization of all vessels owned by actual
residents of the ceded territory on and since
the 20th day of June, 18G7, and which shall
continue to have been so owned up to the date
of such nationalization.
The President is to have power, by the fifth
section, to restrict and regulate or to prohibit
the importation and use of fire-arms, ammu-
nition, and distilled spirits into the territory ;
and the exportation of the same from any other
port or place in the United States when des-
tined to any port or place in that territory;
and all such arms, ammunition, and distilled
spirits, exported or attempted to be exported
from any port or place in the United States
and destined for such territory, in violation of
any regulations that may be thus prescribed ;
and all such arms, ammunition, and distilled
spirits, landed or attempted to be landed or
used at any port or place in that territory, in
violation of those regulations, are to be for-
feited ; and if the value of the same shall ex-
ceed ยง400, the vessel upon which the same
shall be found, or from which they shall have
been landed, together with her tacl le, apparel
"and furniture, and cargo, are to be forfeited ;
and any person willfully violating such regula-
tions is, on conviction, to be fined in any sum
not exceeding $500, or imprisoned not more
than six months. And bonds may be required
for a faithful observance of such regulations
from the master or owners of any vessel de-
parting from any port in the United States
having on board fire-arms, ammunition, or dis-
tilled spirits, when such vessel is destined to
any place in the territory, or, if not so des-
tined, when there shall be reasonable ground
of suspicion that such articles are intended to
be landed therein in violation of' law; and
similar bonds may also be required on the
landing of any such articles in the territory
from the person to whom the same may be
consigned.
The sixth section provides that the coast-
ing trade between the territory and any other
portion of the United States is to be regulated
in accordance with the provisions of law ap-
plicable to such trade between any two great
districts.
By the seventh section it is to be unlawful
for any person to kill any otter, mink, marten,
sable, fur-seal, or other fur-bearing animal
within the limits of the territory, or in the
waters thereof; and any person guilty thereof
will, on conviction, be fined in any sum not
exceeding $100 for each offense, one half of
which will be for the use of the informers.
The President is to have power to issue to
individuals or incorporated companies annual
licenses, by virtue of which such individuals
or corporations may lawfully kill or cause to
be killed, under such restrictions and regula-
tions as the President may prescribe, such
number of otters, minks, martens, sables, fur-
seals, or other fnr-bearing animals as shall be
by such license specially authorized, and no
more. And the President is empowered to
prescribe all necessary regulations, and to re-
quire from persons and corporations licensed,
or to be licensed, bonds with sufficient secur-
ity, conditioned upon a faithful observance of
all general or special regulations prescribed ;
and any license so granted is not to be assign-
able, but shall be effectual only for the person
or corporation to which it shall have been
issued, or an agent of the same duly author-
ized in writing, and shall be and become for-
feited and void upon any violation of the regu-
lations.
By the eighth section, until otherwise pro-
vided by law, all violations of this act, and of
the several laws by it extended to the territory
and the waters thereof, committed within the
limits of the same, are to be prosecuted in any
district court of the United States in Califor-
nia or Oregon, or in the district courts of
Washington, and the collector and deputy col-
lectors appointed by virtue of this act, and any
person authorized in writing by either of them,
or by the Secretary of the Treasury, is to have
power to arrest persons and seize vessels and
merchandise liable to fines, penalties, or for-
feitures under this and the other laws, and to
keep and deliver over the same to the marshal
of some one of those courts, which are to have
original jurisdiction and may take cognizance
of all cases arising under this act and the sev-
eral laws by it extended over the territory so
ceded to the United States by the emperor of
Russia, and shall proceed therein in the same
maimer and with the like effect as if such cases
had arisen within the district or territory where
the proceedings shall be brought. According
to the ninth section, in all cases of fine, penalty,
or forfeiture, mentioned and embraced in the
act entitled an act to provide for mitigating or
remitting the forfeitures, penalties, and dis-
abilities accruing in certain cases therein men-
tioned, or mentioned in any act in addition or
amendatory of that act, that have occurred or
may occur in that collection district of* Alaska,
the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized if,
in liis opinion, the fine, penalty, or forfeiture
was incurred without willful negligence or inten-
tion of fraud, to ascertain the facts in such
manner and under such regulations as he may
deem proper without regard to the provisions
of the act referred to, and upon the facts so to
be ascertained he may exercise all the power
of remission conferred upon him by that act
as fully as he might have done had the facts
been ascertained under and according to the
provisions of the act.
The tenth section provides that bonded
warehouses may be established under the pro-
visions of the warehousing laws, if authorized
by the Secretary of the Treasury, under such
regulations, general or special, as the Secre-
tary shall prescribe, at any port of entry or
delivery thus established. But all expenses
incurred by the United States in connection
with private bonded warehouses of any class
established under the custom laws at any port
in the United States, and for the reception,
delivery, custody, and safe-keeping of the
merchandise stored therein, are to be reim-
bursed by the proprietors or occupants of such
warehouses respectively, and moneys received
by collectors on account of such reimburse-
ment are to be duly accounted for as moneys
received from, that specific source, and not be
considered as storage for any purpose whatso-
ever.
The Secretary of the Treasury may pre-
scribe all needful rules and regulations to
carry into effect all parts of this act, except
those specially intrusted to the President alone;
and the sum of $100,000 is appropriated to
carry this act into effeet and meet the expenses
of collecting the revenue from customs within
the limits of the territory. And the ports of
delivery established under this act by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may be, at his discre-
tion, by him discontinued or changed to differ-
ent localities.
The Committee on Commerce reported
amendments to the bill, the first of which was
to strike out the third section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Commerce was to strike out the seventh sec-
tion of the bill, and in lieu thereof to insert the
following:
And be it further enacted, That until Congress shall
otherwise provide by law the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, with the approval of the President, shall have
power to prescribe such rules and regulations as ho
may think proper in relation to the killing and the
preservation of fur-bearing animals from indiscrim-
inate destruction.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
of the Senator having charge of this bill whether
this amendment strikes out the provision allow-
ing the President to grant exclusive privi-
leges ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir; the whole of
that is stricken out, and this provision is put
in about fur-bearing animals.
Mr. STEWART. May they not construe
this provision as enabling them to give such
privileges?
Mr. CHANDLER. This section provides
that until Congress shall pass a law regulating
the matter, the Sccrctary of the Treasury, with
the approval of the President, may make such
regulations as may be deemed necessary.
Mr. STEWART. Why not add "but shall
grant no special privileges?"
Mr. CHANDLER. You may put that in if
you please.
Mr. STEWART; I move to amend the
amendment by adding:
Provided. That no special privileges shall be granted
under this act.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose the Secretary
of the Treasury will have to give the privilege
to somebody temporarily until Congress passes
a law on the subject. If he gives the privilege
to everybody it will be no privilege at all.
Mr. CHANDLER. Congress will by law
regulate the matter at the next sesson.
Mr. STEWART. If the amendment be
made he will not give a special privilege to
anybody, but he may make regulations against
killing that will leave it open. There is a com-
pany now organized at San Francisco who are
the successors of the Russian company. They
were very desirous of having special privileges.
That company is a very worthy company, and
would probably protect the animals as well as
any other. I think, however, there ought to
be a provision that no exclusive privilege shall
be granted to anybody.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not object. The
whole measure is a temporary thing.
Mr. COLE. I realize the necessity, because
it is very great, of affording some protection
to these animals. The Russian Government,
