1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL GrLQBE.
5.47.
Laics of the United Slates.
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Sec. i). And be it further enacted, That
every male citizen of the United States above
the age of twenty-one years, and [including]
persons who shall have declared their inten-
tion to become citizens of the United States,
who shall have been a resident of the said
Teriitory at the time of the passage of this
act, shall be entitled to vote at the first and all
subsequent elections in the Territory, and shall
be eligible to hold any office in said Territory.
And the Legislative Assembly shall not at any
time abridge the right of suffrage, or to hold
office, 011 account of the race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude of any resident of
the Territory: Provided, That the right of
suffrage and of holding office shall be exercised
only by citizens of the United States, and
those who shall have declared on oath before
a competent court of record their intention to
become such, and shall have taken an oath to
support the Constitution and Government of
the United States.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, [Thrt]
the legislative power of the Territory shall
extend to all rightful subjects of legislation
consistent with the Constitution of the United
States and the provisions of this act; but no
law shall be passed interfering with the pri-
mary disposal of the soil; no tax shall be im-
posed upon the property of the United States,
nor shall the lands or other property of non-
residents be taxed higher than the lands or
other property of residents, nor shall any law
be passed impairing the rights of private prop-
eity, nor shall any unequal discrimination be
made in taxing different kinds of property,
but all property subject to taxation shall be
taxed in proportion to its value- Every bill
which shall have passed the council ana the
house of representatives of said Territory shall,
before it becomes a law, be presented to the
Governor of the Territory, if he approve, he
shall sign it; but if not, he shall return it with
his objections to the house in which it origin-
ated, who shall enter the objections at large
upon their journal and proceed to reconsider
it. If, after such reconsideration, two thirds
of that house shall agree to pass the bill, it
shall bo f-eut, together with the objections, to
the other house, by which it shall likewise be
reconsidered ; and if approved by two thirds
of that house it shall become a law. But in
ail such cases the votes of both houses shall
be determined by yeas and nays, to be entered
on the journal of each house respectively. If
any bill shall not be returned by the Governor
within five days ("Sunday excepted) after it
shall have been presented to him, the same
shall be a law in like manner as if he had
signed it, unless the Assembly, by adjourn-
ment, prevent its return, in which case it shall
not be a law.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That all
township, district, and county officers, not
herein otherwise provided for, shall be ap-
pointed or elected, as the case maybe, in such
manner as shall be provided by the Governor
and Legislative Assembly of the Territory.
The Governor shall nominate and by and with
the consent of the council appoint all officers
not herein otherwise provided for, and in the
first instance the Governor alone may appoint
all such officers, who shall hold their offices
until the end of the first session of the Legis-
lative Assembly; and he shall lay off the neces-
sary districts for members of the council and
house of representatives, and all other officers.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That no
member of the Legislative Assembly shall hold
or be appointed to any office which shall have
been created, or the salary or emoluments of
which shall have been increased while he was
a member, during the term for which he was
elected, and for one year after the expiration
of such term ; and no person holding a com-
mission or appointment under the United
States, except postmasters, shall be a member
of the Legislative Assembly, or shall hold any
office under the government of said Territory.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the
judicial power of s iid Territory shall be vested
in a supreme court, district courts, probate
courts, and justices of the peace. The supreme
court shall consist of a chief justice and two
associate justices, any two of whom shall con-
stitute a quorum,-and who shall hold a term at
the seat of government of said Territory
annually ; and they shall hold their offices for
four years, unless sooner removed by the Pres-
ident with the consent of the Senate of the
United States. The said Territory shall be
divided into three judicial districts, and a dis-
trict court shall be held in each of said districts
by one of the justices of the supreme court, at
such time and place as may be prescribed by
law; and said judges shall after their appoint-
ments, respectively, reside in the districts which,
shall be assigned them. The jurisdiction of the
several courts herein provided for, both appel-
late and original, and that of the probate
courts, and of the justices of the peace, shall
be as limited by law: Provided, That justices
of the peace shall not have jurisdiction of any
matter in controversy when the title or bound-
aries of land may be in dispute, or where the
debt or sum claimed shall exceed one hundred
dollars; and the said supreme and district
courts, respectively, shall possess chancery as
well as common-law jurisdiction and authority
for redress of all wrongs committed against the
Constitution or laws of the United States or of
the Territory affecting persons or property.
Each district court, or the judge thereof, shall
appoint its clerk, who shall also be the register
in chancery, and shall keep his office where the
court may be held. Writs of error, bills of
exception, and appeals shall be allowed in all
cases from the final decisions of said district
courts to the supreme court under such regu-
lations as may be prescribed by law, but in no
case removed to the supreme court shall trial
by jury be allowed in said court. The supreme
court, or the justices thereof, shall appoint its
own, clerks, and every clerk shall hold his office
at the pleasure of the court for which he shall
have been appointed. Writs of error and
appeal from the final decision of said supreme
court shall be allowed and may be taken to the
Supreme Court of the United States, in the
same manner and under the same regulations
as from the circuit courts of the United States,
where the value of the property or the amount
in controversy, to be ascertained by the oath or
affirmation of either party, or other competent
witness, shall exceed one thousand dollars;
and each of the said district courts shall have
and exercise the same jurisdiction in all eases
arising under the Constitution and laws of the
United States, as is vested in the circuit and
district courts of the United States; and the
taid supreme and district courts of said Terri-
tory, and the respective judges thereof, shall
and may grant writs of habeas corpus in all
cases in which the same are grantable by the
judges of the United States in the District of
Columbia; and the first six days of every term
of said courts, or so much thereof as shall be
necessary, shall be appropriated to the trial of
causes arising under the said Constitution and
laws ; and writs of error and appeals in all such
cases shall be made to the supreme court of
said Territory, the same as in other cases.
The said clerk shall receive in all such cases
the same fees which the clerks of the district
courts of Dakota Territory now receive for
similar services.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That
there shall be appointed an attorney for said
Territory, who shall continue in office for four
years, unless sooner removed by the President
with the consent of the Senate, and who shall
receive the same fees and salary as is now
received by the attorney of the United States
for the Territory of Dacotah, [Dakota.] There
shall also be a marshal for the Territory-
appointed-, who -shall hold his Office for four
years, unless Sooner removed1 by the. President
with the consent of the Senate, a.nd\vho shall
execute all proc'es&es issuing fW>na-:'the said
courts when exercising theirjurisdieliori as cir-
cuit and district courts of the United States;
he shall perform the duties, be subject to the
same regulations and penalties, and be entitled
to the same-fees as the marshal'of the district
court of the United States for the prese'nt Ter-
ritory of Dakota, and shall, in addition, be paid
two hundred dollars annually as a compensa-
tion for extra services.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the'
Governor, secretary, chief justice, and associate
justices, attorney, and marshal, shall-be nom-
inated, and, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, appointed by the President of
the United States. The Governor and sec-
retary'to be appointed asaforesaid shall, before
they act as such, respectively, take an oath or
affirmation before the district judge, or some
justice of the peace iii the limits of said-Terri-
tory duly authorized to administer oaths'and
affirmations by the laws now in force therein,
or before the Chief Justice, or sortie associate
justice of the Supreme Court of the United
States, to support the Constitution of the
United States, and faithfully to discharge the
duties of their respective offices, which said
oaths when so taken shall be certified by the
person by whom the same shall have been
taken ; and such certificates shall be received
and recorded by the secretary among the ex-
ecutive proceedings, and the chief justice, and
associate justices, and all other civil officers in
said Territory, before they act as such, shall
take a like oath or affirmation before the said
Governor Or secretary, or some judge or justice
of the-peace of the Territory, who may be duly
commissioned and qualified, which said oath
or affirmation shall be certified and transmitted
by the person taking the same to the secretary,
to be recorded by him as aforesaid, and after-
wards the like oath or affirmation shall be
taken, certified, and recorded in such manner
and form as may be prescribed by law. The
Governor shall receivean annual salary of two
thousand dollars as Governor, and one thou-
sand dollars as superintendent of Indian affairs;
the chief justice and the associate justices shall
each receive an annual salary of twenty-five
hundred dollars, and the secretary shall receive
an annual salary of eighteen hundred dollars.
The said salaries shall bepayablequarter yearly
at the Treasury of the United States. The
members of the Legislative Assembly shall be
entitled to receive four dollars each per day
during their ftttendanee at the session thereof,
and three dollars for every twenty miles' travel
ingoingtoand returningfrom thesaid sessions,-
estimating the distance by the nearest traveled
route. There shall be appropriated annually
thesumof one thousand dollars, to beexpended
by the Governor, to defray the contingent ex-
penses of the Territory. There shall also be
appropriated annually a sufficient sum, to be
expended by the secretary, and upon an esti-
mate to be made by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury of the United States, to defray the expenses
of the Legislative Assembly, the printing of
the laws, aud other incidental expenses ; and
the secretary of the Territory shall annually
account to the Secretary of the Treasury of the
Uuited States for the maimer in which the
aforesaid sum shall have been expended.
Sec. 12.- And be it further enacted, That the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Wyom-
ing shall hold its first sessiorj at snch time and
place in said Territory as the Governor thereof
shall appoint and direct; and at said first
session, or as soon thereafter as they shall
deem expedient, the Governor and Legislative
Assembly shall proceed to locate and establish
the seat of government for said Territory at
such place as they may deem eligible; which
