1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
663
Maynard, McCarthy, McClurg, Mercur, Miller,
Moore, Moorhead, Mullins, Myers, Newcomb, Nunn,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pike, Pile, Plants,
Poland, Polsley, Pomeroy, Price, Raum, Robertson, j
Sawyer, Schcnck, Seotield, Sel.ve, Shanks, Smith, <
Spalding, Starkweather, Aaron F. Steven;-, Taylor,
Thomas, John Trimble. Trowbridge, Upson. Van _Aer-
nam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyek,
Ward, Cadwalader 0. Washburn, Eiinu 13. Wash-
burne, Ilenry D. Washburn, William 11. Washburn,
Welker, Thomas William®, William Williams, James
F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson,
Windoin, and Woodbridge—122.
NOT VOTING—JIes«rs. Adams, Barnum, Cornell,
Covode, Finney, Hawkins, Hill, Hulburd, Laflin,
George V. Lawrence, Loan, Lynch. Mallory, McOul-
lough, Morrcll, Peters, Randall, liobiuson, Shella-
barger, Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes, Taffe, and Twich-
cll—23.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The question recurred upon seconding the
previous question upon the amendments re-
ported from the Committee on Reconstruction.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
The amendments of the committee were as
follows:
Amend section two by inserting before the words
" to remove" the words "is authorized," and insert-
ing after the words " to remove" the words "at his
discretionso that portion of the section will read:
The General of the Army of the United States is
hereby authorized and required to enjoin, by special
orders upon all officers in command within the sev-
eral military departments within said several States,
the performance of all acts authorized by said sev-
eral laws above recited, and is authorized to remove
at his discretion by his order from command any or
all of said commanders and detail other officers of
the United States Armv, Jtc.
Also to insert after the words "of the acts afore-
said " in section five the words "or any refusal or
willful neglect of any person to issue any order or do
any act required by this act, or either of the acts to I
which this act is additional and supplementary, with \
intent to defeat or delay the due execution of this j
act, or either of the acts to which this is supplement-
ary;" so that the section will read:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That any inter-
ference by any person, with intent to prevent by
force the execution of the orders of the General of
the Army made in pursuance of this act and of the
acts aforesaid, or any refusal orwilltul neglect of any
person to issue any order or do any act required by
this act, or either of the acts to which this act is
additional and supplementary, with intent to defeat
or delay the due execution of this act or either of the
acts to which this is supplementary, shall be held to
be a high misdemeanor, and the party guilty thereof
shall, upon conviction, be fined not exceeding $3,000,
and imprisoned not exceeding two years.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ments, and they were agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER. I move to amend the first
section of the bill by striking out all after the
enacting clause and inserting in lieu thereof
what I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
That in Virginia, North-Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas,
Florida, and Arkansas there are no civil State gov-
ernments republican in form, and that the so-called
civil governments in said States, respectively, shall
not be recognized as valid or legal State govern- i
ments either by the executive or judicial power or
authority of the United States. In order to supply \
the place of such governments so declared illegal i
the several constitutional conventions of each of
said States, as soon as such conventions, respectively, j
shall have submitted to the people a constitution or j
frame of government forthcir ratification,shall havo
power and authoritytoappoint all civil officers here-
tofore provided by the laws of said States ; such ;
officers to have all the powers and shall perform all
the duties appertaining by law to such offices re-
spectively. It shall be the duty of the several dis-
trict commanders to confirm the appointment of such
officers by the convention; to install each officer in
his office; to cause to be put into the possession and j
control of each officer the records and archives and ■
other property of the State pertaining to his office,
and to do all other acts which may be necessary to
enable such State officers, respectively, to perform j
the functions of their offices. Each of said officers
may be removed for cause, to be stated in the order
of removal, by said district commanders respect- |
ively; and in case of vacancy by death or otherwise,
the same may be filled by the appointment of the
district commanders respectively. Such State gov-
ernments so organized snail continue in force and 1
authority until each State, respectively, shall be 1
represented in the Congress of the United States and
other State officers shall have been elected and qual-
ified under the constitution thereof.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I do not pro-
pose to trouble the patience of the House fur-
ther than to state that the only difference
between this amendment and the proposition
contained in the bill reported by the committee
is that the amendment proposes the appoint-
ment of the State officers by the several con-
stitutional conventions, after they shall have
submitted the respective constitutions to the
people, instead of permitting those officers to
be appointed by the district commanders. I
have offered the amendment in response to a
universal demand to this effect coming from
every southern State.
I think I ought not to trespass upon the gen-
erosity of the House by further discussion, and
I propose to move the previous question when
I have yielded to my friend from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] who has been absent during
the discussion heretofore, and who desires now
to submit some remarks.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
but five minutes.
Mi-. BUTLER. I cheerfully yield to the
gentleman, with the understanding that I shall
resume the floor at the close of his remarks to
call the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, I have no desire to debate this ques-
tion ; but in view of my position as chairman
of the committee, and of the fact that I have
not joined in the report, it may be proper that
I should give my reasons for dissenting from
the conclusions of my colleagues.
In the first place, I do not perceive that the
present bill will add any efficiency to our pres-
ent legislation. As chairman of the commit-
tee 1 have, very naturally, been addressed
upon subjects of this kind by the several con-
ventions, they not knowing the slight part I
take in these matters now. From all the con-
ventions now in session, I believe, with the
exception of three, or at most four, there have
come to me requests to introduce and advo-
cate a measure similar to the proposition which
has been offered by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Butler.] I will state the rea-
sons on which these applications have been
based.
It is thought that after the military power
has so far protected those populations as to
enable the conventions to go on quietly in
framing constitutions and submitting them to
the people, the designation of the officers to
carry those constitutions into effect will be
much better made by the civil than by the
military power. There is naturally some ob-
jection down there, as there is everywhere, to
the unnecessary prolongation of military rule
in this country.
In addition to this, the men composing the
conventions are, as a matter of course, much
better acquainted with the proper agents to
carry their work into effect than the military
authorities can possibly be. It is believed,
also, that there will be a much better chance
for the success of these constitutions before the
people if the conventions have the appointment
of the agents than if the appointments be made
by the district commanders. I need not say
that the former system is also more consonant
with our form of Government.
I believe the loyal people there are nearly
unanimous on this subject. Having received
the draft of a bill very similar in substance to
the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, I have come to the conclusion that
the system of appointment thus proposed is
vastly more proper and more likely to be effect-
ual in getting these States speedily back again
than the system contemplated by the bill now
before us. For these reasons I advocate the
proposition. I have no desire, of course, to
make any factious opposition upon a question
of this kind. I support the amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts because it is in
accordance with what I know to be the wishes
of the great majority of those "who are to be
affected by it.
Having said this much I now yield the floor
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Buti.er,] that he may call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to yield to me for a moment,
that I may read a letter.
Mr. BUTLER. I yield to the gentleman for
that purpose.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to lay before the
House portions of a letter which I have re-
ceived this morning from Little Rock, Arkan-
sas, dated January II, 18G8. It is written by
a member of the convention now in session at
that place—a gentleman for whose veracity and
general character I can vouch from my per-
sonal knowledge. He writes as follows :
"Thereis a memorial before the Republican mem-
bers of the convention in caucus assembled asking
Congress to confer upon the convention the authority
now vested in tho military to organize and control
the State ; to remove all officers of the State, and to
appoint other officers in their stead." * * * *
"Since the convention has been in session (only
five days) five U nion men have been murdered in this
State for their Union sentiments; and with the pres-
ent incumbent officers men in the same faith aie sum-
moned as grand jurors and no bill is found, and if
found, petit jurors of like faith are picked out and
their verdict is in favor of the rebel.
" You will remember the conversation we had in
General Eaton's office in Memphis when you were on
your southern tour, in which you requested me to
write you on any matters of importance. If I had
an opportunity to talk with you now an liourl could
tell you just how matters are; but writing is a poor
way to express a man's feelings.
"Hoping that our friends in Congress will put this
matter through we await your action, feeling that
humanity and justice demand an early action on this
subject. I request your personal attention in consid-
eration of this matter."
Mr. SCOFIELD. If these conventions sus-
pend their business of making constitutions to
go into the election of State officers, will it not
divide them up into numberless and irrecon-
cilable factions and throw the whole system
of reconstruction into chaos and ridicule?
Mr. KELLEY. I have an answer, but yield
the floor to the gentleman by whose suffrage I
hold it.
Mr. BUTLER. I am glad to answer that
question. The amendmentprovides there shall
be no action by the conventions in making State
officers until they have performed their appro-
priate work of submitting to the people a form
of constitution to be voted for, and then, hav-
ing done that, they are at liberty to turn their
attention to putting into operation the machin-
ery by which that constitution is to be sup-
ported and loyal men are to be protected, and
having in that the full aid of the military in
support of the civil power. That, is the precise
working of the amendment, and it will cause
the constitutional convention to hurry up as
fast as proper their work in sending out a form
of constitution so that they may get ready the
State machinery. It will rather urge speed
than retard it.
I now demand the previous question, and
shall not be able to yield to further discussion,
injustice to the House.
Mr. HARDING. I ask whether this pro-
vision ought not to be included? that no per-
son shall be permitted to hold office in the so-
called provisional or State governments referred
to in this act who has not or shall not be qual-
ified by taking the oath of office prescribed by
law of the United States called the test-oath.
Mr. BUTLER. All I can say is that the
majority of every convention in the South is
composed of men who have been tried as with
fire, and I am quite ready to trust them; and
I am certain they will not do wrong with the
power. All have now been elected, and there
is no danger in our having wrong men. I am
willing to leave it to them whether they will
put on any test-oath; and the only fault I find
with them is, they have been giving too much
attention to oaths and too little to penalties
for doing wrong. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WOOD demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
3%e question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas nays 112, not voting
23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Arnell, Delos
R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bank'. Broom all, Butler,
(Jake, Cary, Churchill. Reader W. Clarko, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb.^Mjurn, Donnelly, iJriggs, Eckley, Ela,
Ferry, Fields,(wave ly, Harding, Iliirby, Hunter, Judd,
Julian, Kelley, Kelsoy, Kitchen, William Lawrence,
Logan, Loughridge, Maynard, McClurg, Mercur, Mul-
lins, Newcomb, Nunn, Perham, Raum, Schcnck,
