8072
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
seated, and which shall be presented to a bank
or banker for payment." I offer tbis amend-
ment for the purpose of asking some member
of the Committee of Ways and Means if that
is not a change in the lavs- as it now exists, and
if it does not materially conflict with the pre-
ceding clause?
Mr. ALLISON. This clause is necessary,
as it relates to time drafts, whjle other checks
and drafts are subjected to 9. stamp duty of two
C6nts 68(Ch
Mr. NICHOLSON. I withdraw myamend-
ment.
No further amendment was offered.
The following clauses were read:
And for every additional $100, or fractional part
thereof, in cxcess of $100, five cents.
Bill of exchange, (foreign,) or letter of credit,
■drawn in but payable out of the United States, if
4rawn singly,orotherwise than according to thecqs-
tom of merchants and bankers, in a set of three or
more,sb,ill pay the s<ime rates of duty as inland bills
of exchange or promissory notes.
If drawn in sets of three or more: For every bill
of each set wheie the sum made payable shall not
exceed $100,or the equivalent thereof,in any foreign
currency in which such bills may be expressed,
aceoidmg to the standard of value fixed by the Uni-
ted States, two cents.
And for every additional $100, or fractional part
thereof, in excess of $100, two cents.
Bill of lading or receipt (other than charter-party)
forany goods, meichandise, or effects to be exported
from a port or place in the United States to any for-
eign port or place, ten cents.
Bill of sale by which any ship orvessel, orany part
thereof, shall be conveyed to or vested in any other
person or persons, when the consideration shall not
exceed $500, fifty cents.
Exceeding $500 and not exceeding $1,000, one dol-
lar.
Exceeding $1,000 for every additional amount of
$500, or lraectanul part thereof, fifty cents.
Bond. For indemnifying any person for the pay-
ment of any sum of money, where the money ulti-
mately recoverable thereupon is $1,000 or less, fifty
cents.
Mr. PETERS. I move to amend the clause
last read by striking out the woids 11 money
ultimately recoverable thereon" and insert-
ing in lieu thereof the words "penal sum."
I have found in practice a great deal of diffi-
culty resulting from the construction of similar
phrases in the revenue laws. How can a per-
son tell in advance what may be ultimately
recoverable upon a bond?
Mr. ALLISON. I do not object to that
ameudmenfc.
Mr. SCHENCIC That is right.
Mr. PEfEKS. I think such an amendment
is necessary.
Mr. SCOFIELD. We will all agree to it if
you will not say anything more.
Mr. PETEtiS. Very well; I will not say
another word.
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The next clause was read, as follows:
Where the money ultimately recoverable there-
upon exceed $1,000, for every additional $1,000, or
fractional part thereof in excess of $1,000, fifty cents.
Mr. ALLISON. I move the same amend-
ment to this clause that was adopted to the
one next preceding, to strike out the words,
tl money ultimately recoverable thereupon,"
and insert iu heu thereof the words, "penal
sum."
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to the amend-
ment. I think the language now used in the
law is fully understood by the people. I do
not think it is necessary to make these changes,
for every change produces confusion. I hope
the amendment will not be adopted.
ilp- MAYNARD. I hope the amendment
will be adopted.
Mr. HOLM AN. _ I hope we will adopt the
entire schedule as it is in the present law.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Allison ; andit was agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The following clauses were read:
Bond for the due execution or performance of the
duties of any office, one dollar.
Bond of any description, other than such as may
be required in legal proceedings, or used in connec-
tion with mortgage deeds, and nut otherwise charged
in this schedule, twenty-five conts.
Certificate of stock in any incorporated company,
twenty-five cents.
Certificate of profits, ©r any certificate or memo-
randum showing an interest in the property or accu-
mulations of any incorporated company, if for a sum
not less than ten dollars and not exceeding fifty dol-
lars, ten cents.
Exceeding fifty dollars and not exceeding $1,000,
twenty-five cents.
Exceeding $1,000, for every additional $1,000, or
fractional part thereof, tweuty-five cenis.
Certificate. Any certificate of damage or other-
wise, and all other certificates or documents issued
by any port warden, marine surveyor, or other per-
son acting as such, twenty-five cents.
Certificate of deposit of any sum of money in any
bank or trust company, or with any banker or per-
son acting as such—
If for a sum not exceeding $100, two cents.
For a sum exceeding $100, five cents.
Certificate of any other description than those spe-
cified, five cents.
Charter-party. Contract or agreement for the
charter of any ship or vessel or steamer, or any let-
ter memorandum, or other writing between the cap-
tain, master, or owner, or person acting as agent of
any ship or vessel or steamer, and any other person
or persons, for or relating to the charter of such ship
or vessel^ or steamer, or any renewal or transfer
thereof, if the registered tonnage of such ship or
vessel or steamer does not exceed one hundred and
fiity tons, ouo dollar.
Exceeding one hundred and fifty tons and not
exceeding three hundred tons, three dollars.
Exceeding three hundred tons and not exceeding
six hundred tons five dollars.
Exceeding s:x hundred tons, ten dollars.
Contract. B.oker's note or memorandum of sale
of any goods or merchandise,real estate, or property
of any kind or description, issued by brokers or per-
sons acting as such, for cach note or memorandum
of sale, ten ccnts.
Bill or memorandum of the sale or contract for the
sale of stocks, bonds, gold or silver bullion, coin,
piomissory notes, or other securities, shall pay a
stamp tax at the rate provided in section —.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend the last
clause just read by striking out " section —
and inserting "this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The following clauses were read:
Conveyance, deed, instrument, or writing, whereby
any lands, tenements, or other realty sold shall be
granted, assigned, transierred, orotherwise conveyed
to, or vested in, the purchaser or purchasers, or any
other person or persons, by his. her. or their direc-
tion, when the consideration or valuedoesnotexceed
$500, fifty cents.
Whenjhe consideration exceeds $500 and docs not
excetd &1.000, one dollar.
And for every additional $500, or fractional part
thereof, in excess of $1,000, fitly cents.
Entry of any goods, wares, or merchandise at any
custom-house, either for consumption or warehous-
ing, not exceeding $100 in value, twenty-five cents.
Exceeding $100 and not exceeding $500 in value,
fifty cents.
Exceeding $500 in value, one dollar.
Entry for the withdrawal of any goods or merchan-
dise from bonded warehouse, fifty cents.
Insurance, (life.) Policy oi insurance, or other
instrument, by whatever name the same shall be
called, whereby any insurance shall be made upon
any life or lives—
When the amount insured shall not exceed $1,000,
twenty-five cents.
Exceeding $1,000 and not exceeding $5,000, fifty
cents.
Exceeding $5,000. one dollar.
Insurance, (inaiine, inland,and fire.) Each policy
of insurance, or other instrument, by whatever mime
the same shall be called, by which insurance shall be
made or renewed upon property of any description,
wheth< r ag.dnst perils by the sea or by fire, or other
peril of any kind, made by any insurance company,
or its agents, or by any other company or person, the
premium upon which does not exceed ten dollars,
ten cents.
Exceeding ten and not exceeding fifty dollars,
twenty-five cents.
Exceeding fiiiy dollars, fifty cents.
Lease, agreement, memorandum, or contract for
the hire, use, or rent of any land, tenement, or por-
tion thereof, where the rent or rental value is $300
per annum or less, fifty cents.
Where the rent or rental value exceeds the sum
of $3U0 per annum, for each additional $200, or frac-
tional part thereof, in excess of $300, fifty cents.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend the clause
last read by adding to it il When executed in
duplicate the stamp shall be required only on
the instrument held by the lessee."
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The following clauses were read :
Manifest for custom-house entry or clearance of
the cargo of any ship, vessel, or steamer for a foreign
port—
It the registered tonnage of such ship, vessel, or
steamer does not excetd three hundred tons, one
do'lar.
Exceeding three hundred tons and not exceeding
six hundred tons, three dollars.
Exceeding bix hundied tons, five dollars.
Mortgage of lands, estate, or property, real or per-
sonal, heritable or movable whatsoever, where the
same shall be made as a security for the payment of
any. definite and certain sum of money lent at the
time or previously due and owing or forborne to be
paid, being payable; al&o any conveyance of any
lands, estate, or property whatsoever, jn trust, to be
sold or otherwise converted into money, which &hall
be in tended only as security, and shall be redeemable
before the sale or other disposal thereof, either by
express stipulation or otherwise; or any personal
bondgiveu. as security for thepaymentofany definite
or certain sum of money exceeding $100, and not
exceeding$400, fifty cents..
Exceeding $500 and not exceeding$l,000. onedollar.
And for every additional $500, or fractional part
thereof, in excess of $100, fifty cents.
Upon every assignment or transfer of a mortgage
the same stamp tax upon the amount remaining un-
paid thereon as is herein imposed upon a mortgage for
thesaraeamount: Provided, That upon each and every
assignment or transfer of a policy of insurance, or the
renewal orcontinuanee of any agreement, contract, or
charter, by letter or otherwise, a stamp duty shall
be req-uired and paid equal to that imposed upon the
original instrument: Andprovidcdfurther, Thatupon
each and every assignment of any lease a stamp duty
shal 1 be required and paid equal to that i mposed on the
original instrument, increased by a stamp duty on the
consideration or value of the assignment equal to
thatimposed upon the eonveyanceof landforsimilar
consideration or value.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend by adding
at the end of the clause last read the following:
Except an assignment or transfer to a trustee as
successor to one resigning the trust.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire. I
move to amend by striking out near the begin-
ning of the clause last read the words "the
same stamp tax upon the amount remaining
unpaid thereon as is herein imposed upon a
mortgage for the same amount," and inserting
in lieu thereof " twenty-five cents." X desire,
Mr. Chairman, to makefile tax upon the assign-
ment or transfer of a mortgage uniform. I
suppose it is well understood that in many of
the States, perhaps in all them, it is judicially
held that the formal assignment of a mortgage
is not necessary to the transfer of the mortgage
interest, that an assignment of the mortgage
note carries with it as an incident the transfer
of the mortgage security. In view of this con-
struction ojt' the law, these assignments in many
States are seldom made formally by the transfer
of the mortgage, the mere assignment of the
mortgage note being relied on as sufficient. In
this way the Government loses in its revenue
a considerable amount which it would receive
were the tax onassignrnents of mortgages fixed
at a small uniform sum. J think there would
be a decided advantage in placing upon these
assignments a uniform tax of reasonable
amount. Hence, 1 hope my amendment will
meet the approval of the committee.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Chairman, I presume
the law as stated by the gentleman from New
Hampshire is the same in nearly all the States;
it is so far as i know. But this paragraph
corresponds with the provision of the present
law, according to which, if a noie is stumped,
the mortgage need not be, provided the stamp
upon the note is for the amount which would
be required upon the mortgage. I think it
better to leave this clause as it is rather than
change it, thereby creating confusion. 1 do
not think the amendment proposed would tend
to increase the revenue'.
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire. The
gentleman will allow me to say that 1 think he
misapprehends the point I made, that the mere
indorsement and transfer of the note is ail that
is necessary to transfer the mortgage.
Mr. ALLISON, i understand that perfectly.
Mr. STEVENS, ofNew Hampshire. Hence,
while required to pay upon the assignment of
a mortgage a tax graduated in accordance with
the amount of the mortgage, persons will not
make the formal transfer, but will merely assign
the mortgage notes; while, if the stamp-tax
were reduced to twenty five cents, manyj)er-
sons would prefer, by paying this small amount,
to make their title appear properly on the
record; and thereby the revenues of the Gov-
ernment would be increased.
Mr. ALLISON. I think we shall get more
revenue by retaining the present provision than
by adopting the one the gentleman proposes.
Mr. HOLMAN. For the sake of making a
single suggestion on this subject, I move to
