2048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
object. "Wise legislation will, no doubt, aid
materially, but our main dependence must be
upon the industry and enterprise of the peo-
ple. All the legislation which is aimed at the
speedy restoration of the lately rebellious States
to the Union I look upon as most important,
since the productive power of the country can
only be fully developed under conditions of
stability and peace.
The balance of trade between us and foreign
countries ought speedily to be turned in our
favor in order that the flow of the precious
metals should cease to be only outward, as at
present. We ought not to be increasing our
indebtedness abroad more and more every
year; and I cannot resist the conclusion that
the legislation of Congress ought to be aimed
powerfully against this evil. We can never
resume until a better balance-sheet is shown.
Let us by heavy imposts shut out some portion
at least of the costly luxuries which so exhaust
our resources for the benefit of foreign monop-
olies, spurning the delusive sophistries of a
speculative free trade; let us give to American
labor the most efficient protection and support
of American laws.
In the effort to resume specie payments I
look for the most valuable assistance from the
national banks. They have already proved
themselves exceedingly useful, and have ac-
quired the confidence of the business public in
a very high degree. But they were not origin-
ated for such a condition of things as now
exists. If the country is to continue indefi-
nitely a policy of suspension and irredeemable
legal tenders it is easy to see that the national
banks are unnecessary. They can form no
proper part of such a system. If the issues
of banks are not to be redeemed then I con-
fess they seem to me a useless monopoly.
But upon the supposition that specie pay-
ments will bo resumed as soon as possible the
banks become indispensable. They give us a
currency at once safe and equally current in
every part of the country. Whencver the Gov-
ernment will resume the banks will do the
same, and their circulating notes will take the
place of the legal tenders as they are with-
drawn, thus supplying a sound and elastic
currency, based upon coin redemption, without
panic or disorder. The transition will be easy
if not entirely imperceptible. When this
period arrives all restrictions should be re-
moved and the system made entirely free.
There will be no need to limit the number or
capital of the banks when their notes are
promptly redeemed in coin. This will remove
a just cause of complaint, the unequal distri-
bution of the bank capital.
The system has been attacked by the Demo-
cratic opposition principally upon two grounds:
first, that the capital has been distributed with
gross inequality; and second, that the privi-
leges granted to the banks are too lucrative.
Ex-Governor Seymour, of New York, in a
speech before the State convention at Albany,
before referred to, and which is intended to be
the key-note of the campaign, madethis attack
in the following language:
"As if bent upon making ruin certain they built
up a banking system which was to have a monopoly
of putting out currency, which was to get doublo
usury interest from the Government upon its bonds,
and interest from the peoploupon the currency issued
upon those bonds. To render its monopoly complete
all other banks were taxed out of existence. But
madness and folly did not stop here. These hanks
were not alloted to the diffaient States so that there
could be even geographical fairness, but the States
which held the bonds, which had the most wealth
and made the most money out of the war, were al-
lowed to absorb nearly tiie wholeof the £300,000,000 to
which they were limited."
To this uncandid and intensely partisan view
it might be sufficient to say that the system is
nearly identical with the free banking law of
the State of New York, and confers upon the
banks no monopoly or advantage of any sort
which was not enjoyed by the banks under the
New York system, of which I never heard that
Governor Seymour or his party complained.
But another, and an entirely conclusive an-
swer is, that if the distribution of banking capital
tinder the law is unequal and unfair, that can
easily be remedied by legislation, and ifthe priv-
ileges granted are too valuable they can easily
bo restricted and the law made in these respects
to conform to justice and equality. Ihese
things do not in the least affect the system nor
require its abrogation. In fact, they grow
mostly, if not entirely, out of the suspension of
specie payment, whereby the banks are ex-
empted from the burdens imposed by the neces-
sity of constant coin redemptions. This, we
hope, is but temporary. When these institu-
tions are required to redeem in specie the case
will be bravely altered.
It certainly cannot be attributed to the banks
as a fault that they have invested over three
hundred million dollars in United States bonds,
which removes that vast amount from the mar-
kets, thus greatly strengthening the national
credit; nor does it seem much worse to pay the
interest upon these bonds to banking corpora-
tions scattered all over the country at home
than to send the coin for this purpose elsewhere.
Governor Seymour simply finds fault with all we
have done, as was natural for him, but does not
propose any system to take the place of the
national banks, unless his complaint that the
State banks are taxed out of existence is in-
tended to recommend a return to that system.
If that is what he means we can afford to let
the people decide without argument. It is not
easy to see precisely what he wants. He was
in a very spiteful vein at Albany. Perhaps the
people of New Hampshire were to blame for it.
The national banks are by far too essential a
part of our financial system to be lightly aban-
doned. It seems to me much better to correct
the system as experience may dictate and ex-
tend its benefits more equally to all parts of
the country. This done and it cannot fail to
be a great help in the restoration of the coun-
try to a sound financial condition. Some sys-
tem of banking we certainly must have, and
until a better than this is proposed I think the
people will conclude to stand by that we now
have.
As to what shall be done ultimately with the
principal of the national debt I do not think
it very important at this time to consider.
What we have in hand now is the relief of the
useful industry of the country from oppressive
taxation, a return, as speedily as possible, to
specie payments, and the reestablishment of
national prosperity upon the enduring basis of
peace, national honor, and good faith. While
doing this we can dc little more than pay the
accruing interest upon the public debt, nor is
it desirable to undertake more. There need
be no undue haste to lift this great burden all
at once. Our children will not complain if we
leave to them some considerable share of the
heavy obligations incurred in the suppression
of the rebellion. When, after a very lew years,
we have reached the beneficent conclusion of
our measures of reconstruction, with a united
people and an enlarged and prosperous indus-
try, securing its rewards in a currency which
the world recognizes, it will be time enough to
begin to mature measures for funding the na-
tional debt at a much lower rate of interest.
Then we can realize fully the advantage to
which our unparalleled growth and natural
resources fairly entitle us. To make any fund-
ing scheme successful at this time we should
have to paya much higher rate of interest upon
the bonds than even ought to be submitted to
by a country really so rich as purs.
Let us give our undivided attention to the
great subject of restoration. And first of all,
let us establish a -solid and enduring peace
throughout the land, based upon liberty and
justice for all the people. Upon this broad
foundation we will build a great and universal
prosperity. Fostering carefully our American
home industry and protecting it against ruin-
ous competition from abroad, wo will speedily
see the balance of trade turn in our favor, and
wealth will flow in upon us from without.
Cotton, if it can no longer be king, will again
become a very sturdy and useful free citizen,
which is much better. The plow will again
move in the furrow upon the abandoned plant-
ation, and the dusky freeman will gather abun-
dant crops where the sweat of the slaye had
hitherto cursed the ground. The soldier who
went forth to waste the land will return now
to till it. The hardy emigrants, fleeing from
the oppressions and poverty of the old aris-
tocracies, will pour in upon our vacant lands
in an unbroken stream to build them new
homes and add to the aggregate wealth. The
inexhaustible wealth of the richest mines un-
der the sun will fill the Treasury with their
shining products, and all these combined will
lift us up until our embarrassments disappear
like a troubled dream.
Mr. NIBLACK. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Blair] if he
is not cognizant of the fact that the recent Re-
publican State convention in Indiana, which,
recommended my distinguished colleague, the
Speaker of the House, for Vice President, re-
solved in favor of the payment of the five-
twenty bonds in greenbacks; and also that the
recent Republican State convention in Ohio
passed similar resolutions? Why, then, does
the gentleman call this a Democratic measure?
I certainly have no objection to his calling it a
Democratic measure, but would like to know
his reasons for doing so.
Mr. BLAIR. I will say to the gentleman
that I do not understand that the Republican
convention, either of Indiana or Ohio, has
adopted the policy which proposes directly to
pay the public debt in greenbacks. I have
not the resolutions of those conventions before
me, but from my recollection of the language
of the resolutions of the Ohio convention it is
something like this: that when the public
debt comes to be paid it should be paid in the
currency which is at par at the time. They do
not undertake to say that the debt should be
paid in currency now by any means. I cannot,
however, entirely acquit the Ohio convention.
It seems to me as ifthere was something likeau
evasion. But certainly they did not adopt the
scheme which the gentleman speaks of as
adopted by the convention of the Democratic
party in Ohio and Indiana.
Both of the latter conventions did adopt this
policy, plainly and distinctly, while, I-under-
stand, the Republican conventions in those
States did not fully adopt it. I wish the Repub-
lican conventions had done nothing of the sort.
But I am sure they did not intend to bring the
Republican party in those States to the adop-
tion of Mr. Pendleton's policy. What they did
was one of those unmanly exhibitions of par-
tisan timidity.
But, sir, I have noticed while here that
whenever this question has arisen in at least
nine cases out of ten the Democracy in this
House have voted in favor of every measure
which has been offered here proposing to pay
the national debt in greenbacks, while the great
body of the Republicans have taken an oppo-
site view. Therefore, I think my declaration
that this is a Democratic measure is true.
Mr. NIBLACIv. One word more.
Mr. BLAIR. Very well.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to say to the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Blaie,] that in
Indiana it is regarded rather as an imputation
upon the Republican party to intimate that
they are not as sound upon this question of
paying the national debt in greenbacks as the
Democratic party. And it is also claimed that
the scheme originated with the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] and the gentle-
man from Massaehuetts, [Sir. Butler.] and
therefore that it is a simon-pure Republican
measure.
Mr. BLAIR. All I have to say in reply to
that, is that1! the Republicans of Indiana have
any such idea as that then so much the worse
for the Republicans of Indiana,
_ Mr. MT ~,GEN. Will the gentleman now
yield to me for a question?
Mr. BLAIR. For a question, yes.
Mr. M UN GEN. The gentleman says that
payment of the United States bouds in green-
backs is no payment at all." Now, sir, I
would ask the gentlsman from Michigan, [Mr.
