1808.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
549
Laws of the United States.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
shall not be necessary for the accommodation
of said company, in the convenient transaction
of its business, shall be sold and disposed of
within six years after the said company shall
have acquired title to the same; and it shall
not be lawful for the said company to hold such
real estate for a longer period than that above
mentioned.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
board of directors shall have power to invest
the capital stock and accumulated profits or
surplus funds of the said company in such
securities and in such manner as they may
elect; but the stockholders of this company
shall not be liable for any loss, damage, or
responsibility beyond the amount of stock sub-
scribed by them respectively; and any profits
accruing therefrom and undivided, and the
premium reserve, or reinsurance fund, shall
be invested in, or loaned upon, the following
securities, and no other:
First. The real estate, as herein described.
Second. Bonds and mortgages on unencum-
bered real estate, worth, in each case, at least
double the amount loaned.
Third. Stocks of the United States of Amer-
ica.
Fourth. Stocks of the several States, and of
incorporated cities therein.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That Ui«,
directors shall be elected annually by the stock •
holders on the second Tuesday of March, an'J
they shall elect from their number, at the firat
meeting of the board after their election, a
president and a vice president, and shall hai-e
power to appointa cashier and aseeretary, and
such other officers, clerks, and agents as t5i«
business of the company may require, and, to
fill vacancies occasioned by death or resigna-
tion in said board. All elections for directors
shall be by ballot, and every stockholder shall
be entitled to one vote for each share of the
stock held by him, but no person shall be eligi-
ble as director who is not a stockholder to the
amount of twenty shares.
Sec. 8. And be it further eiacied, That ten
days' notice shall be given by publication in
two papers, published in the city of Washing-
ton, of the time and place of the annual elec-
tion, which election shall be conducted by
three stockholders, who shall be appointed for
that purpose by the board of directors at their
previous stated meeting, one of whom shall
act as judge, and the other two as inspectors.
Sec. 9. And be it farther enacted, That the
directors shall have power to declare such
dividends of the profits of the company as they
may deem proper: Provided, That no dividend
shall be declared when the capital stock would
be impaired thereby.
Sec. 10. Andbeit further enacted, That the
office of the company shall be located in the
city of Washington, in the District of Columbia,
and said company may establish branches or
ngeneies elsewhere, subject to the laws of the
States respectively in which they may be
established.
Sec. 11. And be it further ena.cf.ed, That
Congress may at any time alter or amend this
let of incorporation.
Approved, .1 uly 25, 1868.
Ciiap. OCXL.—An Act to confirm the Title
to certain Lands in the State of Nebraska.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in all cases in which
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
or the Secretary of the Interior, has finally
decided in favor of preemption settlers or
the locators of Indian or half-breed scrip, and
issued patents to them for lands within the
corporate limits of the city of Omaha, in the
State of Nebraska, the right and title of the
patentee or patentees shall not be defeated or
impaired because such land was within the said
corporate limits, but if good in every other
respect the title shall he good and valid not-
withstanding such lands may have been within
the said corporate limits, and notwithstanding
the entry thereof, by any preemptor, or locator
of Indian or half-breed scrip, was forbidden
by the tenth section of the act of September
fourth, eighteen hundred and forty-one, be-
cause so within said limits: Provided, That
the following tracts of lands, to wit: the north
half of the northwest quarter of section fifteen ;
the west half of the southwest quarter of sec-
tion ten ; the east half of the southeast.quarter,
and the northwest quarter of the southeast
quarter of section nine; township fifteen north
of range thirteen east of the sixth principal
meridian, are hereby excepted from the opera-
tion of this act.
Approved, July 25, 1868.
Chap. CCXLI.—An Act authorizing the Trus-
tees of Union Chapel, of the Methodist Epis-
copal Church, in the City of Washington, to
Mortgage their Property for church purposes,
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That George Keinfaai dt,
John Byram, John B. Ilines, William Worth,
and George T. McGlue, trustees of Union
Chapel of the Methodist Episcopal church, in
the city of Washington, are hereby authorized
to execute and deliver a mortgage on lot num-
ber twenty-eight and lot number twenty-nine,
in square number one hundred and one, be-
longing to said church in said city, in order
thereby to enable said trustees to procure money
for the purpose of erecting a parsonage on said
lots, and otherwise improving said lots, for the
use and benefit of said church, in manner and
form as the legally-constituted authorities of
said church shall prescribe and direct.
Approved, July 25, 1808.
Chap. CCXLII.—An Act to extend the Time
for the Construction of the Southern Pacific
Railroad in the State of California.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company of the State of California
shall, instead of the times now fixed by law
for the construction of the first section of its
road and telegraph line, have until the first day
of July, eighteen hundred and seventy, for
the construction of the first thirty miles, and
they shall be required to construct at least
twenty miles every year thereafter, and the
whole line of the road within the time now pro-
vided by law.
Approved, July 25, 1868.
Chap. CCXLIIT.—An Act providing for the
Sale of the Arsenal Grounds at Saint Louis
and Liberty, Missouri, and for other pur-
poses.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and is hereby, authorized to sell, at such
time and in such mannerashemay deem most
advantageous to the interests of the Govern-
ment, subject to the provisions hereinafter con-
tained, the following military reservations and
public property, namely:
The ground now occupied by the Saint Louis
arsenal, in the city of Saint Louis, Missouri,
except the westernmostsix acres thereof, and
that occupied by the United States arsenal sit-
uated at Liberty, Missouri, together with such
buildings, machinery, and other property ap-
pertaining thereto as cannot be advantageously
employed in the construction or improvement
of other arsenals or military posts.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the
ground occupied by the Saint Louis arsenal,
except the westernmost six acres thereof, shall
be divided into blocks and lots of convenient
size for building purposes, with public streets,
conforming,as near as may be without detriment
to the interests of tjie Government in the sate*
to the public streets of the city of Saint Louis
adjoining said grounds ; a plat of this diyision
made in accordance withthelaws of the Stite
of Missouri, shall be filed1 Tcith the proper
officer in the city of Saint Louis ; and the said
lots shall be sold separately, at public auction,
to the highest bidder, after thirty days' notice
by advertisement in at least three daily papers
in the city of Saint Louis; paymentto be made
one third in cash, the remainder in one and
twoyears, with six per cent, interest perannum,
secured by deed of trust on the lots sold. The
stone wall surrounding said arsenal shall be
sold in sections not exceeding one hundred
feet in length.
Sec. o. And be it further enacted, That the
westernmostsix acres of the tract of ground
occupied by the said Saint Louis arsenal is
hereby granted to the city of Saint Louis, to
be by it held as a public ground forever, open
to the use of the public as a place of public
resort, and for no other use whatever, and
without any power in said city to make any dis-
position of the same, or any part thereof, for
Any private use whatever: Provided, however,
That this grant is upon the express condi don that
the said city or the association formed and now
existing in the State of Missouri for the pur-
pose of erecting a monument to the memory
of the late Brigadier General Nathaniel Liyon,
shall, within three years after the passage of
this act, complete the erection upon the said
six acres of such a monument, upon a plan
and of a character to be approved by the
President of the United States; in default
whereof this grant shall be null and void.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
grounds occupied by the Liberty arsenal shall
be sold at public auction, after due notice by
public advertisement of the time and place of
said sale, in such parcels, blocks, and lots as
may be deemed most advantageous to the in-
terest of the Government, by the Secretary of
War, upon the terms and conditions as to pay-
ment specified in the previous section.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all
proceeds of the sale of all property provided
for in this act shall be paid into the Treasury
of the United States: Provided, That the ma-
chinery, ordnance stores, and arms that the
Government desires to reserve from sale, shall
be stored at any arsenal now established or to
be established by law.
Approved, July 25, 1868.
Chap. CCXLIV.—An Act to Establish certain
Post Roads.
Beitenacledby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following be es-
tablished as post roads:
arkansas.
From Hot Springs to Mount Ida.
From Dardanelle to Fort Smith.
california.
From Nevada City, via Owego and Bear Val-
ley, to Washington.
From Capto to Round Valley.
From Latrobe to lone City.
From Mendocino City to Noyo.
From Cisco to Meadow Lake.
From Summit, via Loyalton and Sardine
Valley, to Crystal Peak, in Nevada.
From Weaverville, via Douglas City and Hay
Fork, to Hydesville.
From Trinity Centre, via Summersville,
Petersburg, Cecilville, Centreville, and Black
Bear, to Sawyer's Bar.
From Havilahto Independence, inthecounty
of Inyo.
From Stockton, viaFrench Camp, Toulumne
City, Hopetown, Welch's Store on Mariposa
creek, Apling's on the Chowchilla, to Miller-
ton.
