666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
post office, etc., at peoria, illinois.
Mr. F.VRNSW Oil I'll, from the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, reported
back a joint resolution (H. 11. No. 34) to pro-
vide lor the erection of a building at Peoria,
Illinois, for the accommodation of the post
office and internal revenue office, and moved
that it be referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
new orleans and chattanooga railroad.
- Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the same com-
mittee, also reported back House bill No. 2%,
to establish and declare the railroad and
bridges of the New Orleans, Mobile, and Chat-
tanooga Railroad Company, as hereafter con-
structed, a post road, and for other purposes,
with a substitute.
The substitute was reported, as follows :
_ Be it enacted bythe Senate and Houte of Itepresenta-
t ivr i of the Cnited Statei of America in Congress amem-
bted, 1'hat the New Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga
Railroad Company is hereby authorized and empow-
ered to construct, build, and maintain bridges over
and aeross the navigablewaters 0f the United States
on the route of said railroad between New Orleans
and Mobile, for the use of said company and the
passage of its engines, ears, and trains of cars, pas-
sengers, mails, and merchandise thereon; and said
railroad and its bridges aforesaid,when constructed,
completed, and in use, in accordance with this act
and the laws of thescveral States through whose ter-
ritory the same shall pass, shall be deemed, recog-
nized, and known as lawful structures and a post
road, and are hereby declared as such: Provided,
however, That the said company, in the construction
of its bridges over and across the waters known as
East PajScagoula river, and the bay of Biloxi and the I
bay of St. Louis, shall constructand maintain draw-
bridges in the channels thereof, which when open,
shall give a clear space for the passage vessels of not
less than eighty feet in the channelsof the East Pas-
cagoula, of the bay of Biloxi, and of the bay of St.
Louis, and of not less than one hundred feet in the
channel ofthe GreatRigolet; and said company shall
at all times open thesaiddrawbridges and shall pro-
vide reasonable facilities lor the passage of all ves-
sels requiring the same, except daring and for ten
minutes prior to and after the time of the passage of
the mail and passenger trains of said company.
The substitute was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I demand the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to state that before this bill was introduced I
understood it followed the precedents hereto-
fore introduced. It seems the draw provided
in this bill is not as wide as in other bills.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. There is 1
a bill about to be introduced to bridge the Mis-
sissippi river at LaCrosse. It was in reference
to that that I stated to the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Wasiiburxe] that it conformed to ,
the grants heretofore made for the bridging of
the Mississippi at Winona and other points. :
But this bill allows this company to bridge cer-
tain streams and bayous between New Orleans
and Mobile with not of the same width of
draw as the bridges proposed across the Mis-
sissippi, because there is no necessity for any
such width of draw. I have had my attention
called to this road. It is a line of road skirt-
ing along the Gulf and crosses tide-water at
several bays and small streams, no streams,
however, comparing in any way to the Missis-
sippi or that are navigated by large vessels;
for instance, the lombigbee and others. The
width of draw provided here is entirely am- if
pie to accommodate the commerce of these
streams, and there is nothing in this bill which
can in any way interfere with the free naviga-
tion of those streams. • j,
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera- i|
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed !
and read a third time; and being engrossed,it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed. I
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and ,
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
southern minnesota railroad.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the Committee ,!
on the Post Office and Post Roads, reported j
bark, with a recommendation that it do pass, j
House bill No. 96, to authorize the Southern jj
Minnesota Railroad Company to constructand li
maintain a bridge across the Mississippi river
and to establish a post road.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Southern
Minnesota Railroad Company, a corporation
existing under the laws of the State of Minne-
sota, to construct and operate a railroad bridge
across the Mississippi river between the city of
La Crosse, Wisconsin, and a point opposite in
the State of Minnesota, with the consent ofthe
Legislatures of the States of Minnesota and
Wisconsin, and declares the said bridge a post
route subject to all the terms, conditions, re-
strictions, and requirements, and entitled to
all tbe privileges named in an act approved
July 25, 18C6, entitled "An act to authorize
the construction of certain bridges and estab-
lish them as post roads."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I presume this bill
requires no remark.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask to
be permitted to make an amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will hear it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to move an amendment to repeal the act legal-
izing the Clinton bridge.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Oh, no.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
further to state to the House the influences by
which that bill was passed by the House at the
last Congress.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot consent
to that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The in-
fluences brought to bear on the chairman of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My colleague can
introduce a bill for that purpose if he chooses.
This bill simply authorizes a railroad bridge
across the Mississippi river at La Crosse, in
accordance with the acts of the Legislatures of
Wisconsin and Minnesota, subject to the same
conditions in all respects as the bridges author-
ized by the act of Congress referred to in this
bill, such as the bridges authorized to be con-
structed at St. Louis, Quincy, and some other
points on the Mississippi. I call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. PILE. I desire to ask the gentleman
if the provisions of this bill will not authorize
this company to construct a bridge without
requiring them to conform to the present law
in reference to bridging the Mississippi river?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The bill expressly
provides that they shall conform to the pres-
ent law.
Mr. PILE. I think not, from my hearing
of the bill. I think the bill should specially
provide that the bridge shall be so constructed
as to conform to the conditions heretofore
imposed as to length of span, the draws, the
piers running parallel with the current, and so
forth. Unless that provision is specially made
the bill will authorize the company to con-
struct just such a bridge as they please.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The bill under con-
sideration provides that the bridge shall be
constructed subject to the conditions in all
respects of the act to authorize the construc-
tion of certain bridges, and to establish them
as post routes, approved July 25, 1806, which
authorized the construction of the bridges at
St. Louis, Quincy, and some other points. It
refers to that act, and makes this company
subject to its conditions. I now call the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
government advertisements.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from tho Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, reported
back, with an amendment in the nature of a
substitute, joint resolution (H. R. No. 132) in
regard to the construction of section ten ofthe
act approved March 2, 18G7, entitled "An act
making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1868, and for other purposes."
The substitute was read. It provides that
the tenth section of the act making appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses ofthe Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1868, and
for other purposes, approved March 2, 1867,
shall not be so construed as to authorize the
publication in papers published in the District
of Columbia of proposals for carrying the mails
in any State except the States of Maryland and
Virginia, nor the publication of any advertise-
ments, notices, or proposals for contracts from
any executive department of the Government
in papers published in the District of Columbia
when the service to be rendered or the objects
to be attained by the publication of such adver-
tisements are not required to be rendered or
done in said District or in the States of Mary-
land or Virginia.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now yield to my
colleague on the committee, [Mr. Johnson,"]
who desires to move an amendment to the
substitute reported by the committee.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend the sub-
stitute by adding to it the following section:
And be it further resolved. That no publication, or
notice, or advertisement under this act, or the act to
which this is amendatory, shall be made in any ex-
cept one morning newspaper.
I understand, from the investigation I have
been able to make upon this subject, that the
sum of $40,000 is paid to each of these two
papers, making $80,000 in all. Of course we
cut down that expense considerably by the
joint resolution now under consideration; but
we would cut it down still further by the amend-
ment I have offered. My amendment proposes
to confine this publication to one morning
newspaper ; and that will save perhaps $30,000
to the Government.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would state to the
House, so that this matter may be understood,
that the act of March 3, 1845, authorized the
publication of these notices in two papers in
this District. By the act of June 12, 1858, that
provision was repealed, and the publication for
j proposals to carry the mails was authorized to
I be made in the District papers. By the act of
! March 3, 1865, authority was again given for
this publication ; and by the act of March 2,
1867, it was provided as follows:
"And be it further enacted. That all advertisements,
notices, and proposals for contracts for all tho Exec-
utive Departments of the Government, apd the laws
passed by Congress and executive proclamations
and treaties, shall hereafter be advertised by publie-
: ation in tho two daily papers published in the Dis-
I trict of Columbia now selected under the act of tho
' first session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress making
■ appropriations for the service of the Post Office De-
j partment during the fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, 1867, and for other purposes, until otherwise
' ordered by Congress, and in no other District of Col-
umbia papers: Provided, That the charges for such
publication shall not be higher than such as are paid
by individuals for advertising in said papers : And
provided also, That tho same publications shall bo
made in each of said papers equally as to frequency :
Provided farther, That all printing of any kind or-
dered by the Executive Departments shall bo exe-
cuted by the Government Printer when practicable,
and ifnot, at such office as may be designated by tho
Clerk of tho House of Representatives, at rates not
exceeding the current rates for sueh printing."
Now, we propose so to modify that section
that this publication of proposals for carrying
the mails shall not be made in newspapers
published in the District of Columbia, except
for the States of Maryland and Virginia. As
many of the mail routes in those States tend
to the city of Washington, it is proper enough
that Washington papers should publish these
advertisements. But as regards the other
States we propose to cut off this expenditure.
And in doing this we also propose by this
bill that advertising for proposalsfor contracts,
&c., for other Departments of the Govern-
