1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
667
ment where the service to be rendered or the
thing to be done is not required to be ren-
dered or done here shall not be published in
the papers here. It' any member will cast his
eve over anv paper here in which this publica-
tion is made lie will find numerous advertise-
ments the publication of which here is of no
earthly use in the world. There are advertise-
ments for the War Department, for the quar-
termaster's and commissary departments, for
transportation on the Pacilic coast; for mules
to be delivered in Arizona ; for corn to be de-
livered in Iowa, or Nebraska, or Kansas, or
Colorado ; for an auction in St. Louis to sell
some old Government wagons ; all these things
are advertised in the papers here. By the law
we propose to have enacted these advertise-
ments will be published in the papers of the
locality where the service is to be rendered
or the thing to be done.
So. too, with reference to the carrying of the
mails. The law now provides that propositions
for carrying the mails shall be published in two
papers in each State: and they will still pub-
lish these proposals should the pending joint
resolution be passed. But it is to the State
papers, to the papers of the districts in which
the mails are to be carried, that persons natu-
rally look to see the proposals of the Govern-
ment.
It seemed to the committee that if we could
cut off this leech from the Treasury, which
draws from it some forty or sixty thousand
dollars a year, we would be doing the country
some service. Therefore I am instructed to
report this joint resolution. !
It will be observed by the House that as to !
the publication of the laws, proclamations, 1
and treaties, the advertisements by the Exec-
utive Departments for proposals, where the
supplies are to be furnished or the services
rendered here, publications will still be made
in newspapers of this District. But in these
days, when we are called upon to retrench in
our various expenditures, it seemed to the
committee that there was a manifest propriety
in stopping this leak in regard to advertise-
ments published here when the work is to be
done in some other locality.
Mr. PRUYN. Mr. Speaker, I am just as
anxious as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Lawrence] and his colleagues on the commit-
tee to economize wherever it may be possible
in the expenditures of^the Government. But
the question which suggests itself to my mind
is whether, by suspending the publication of
these advertisements in the papers of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, we may not in some cases
prevent that competition which is desirable for
the interest of the Government. I desire in-
formation on that point. Suppose, for instance,
that at St. Louis (I name that city because it
has been named by the gentleman) some Gov-
ernment work is to be done or some Govern-
ment supplies are to be furnished. Parties in
adjacent States might desire to put in bids for
the performance of the work or the furnishing
of the supplies. Now, parties of that class—
and there are a large number of them through-
out the country—make it a point, as I under-
stand, to take the Washington papers, for the
reason that they find in those papers all the
Government advertisements with regard to
contracts, &c. Now, if in the case I have sup-
posed the advertisements for bids be confined
to the city of St. Louis, they will escape the
attention of parties residing elsewhere, and
thus the Government will lose the benefit of
that competition which might otherwise exist.
I would like to know whether this point has
been guarded by the committee, and how
broad the bill is.
Mr. FAR.NSWORTH. The substance of
the bill is as I have stated it. For the inform-
ation of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Priyn,] and any other gentleman who may
desire it, I ask the Clerk to read again the
substitute reported by the committee. It will
explain itself.
The Clerk again read the substitute.
Mr. PRUYN. Mr. Speaker, the provisions
of the substitute are very proper, so far as re-
gards post office advertisements, but with refer-
ence to the remainder of the bill—not having
before me the net of Congress which it pro-
poses to modify—I cannot say with confidence
whether it is proper or not. It seems to me,
however, that the subject requires some exam-
ination, because by preventing competition in
regard to contracts for supplies ana work for
the Government we may inflict upon the Treas-
ury greater loss than it now suffers in the ex-
pense of these advertisements. I suggest to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnswoktii,]
who has charge of this bill, that he had better
withdraw it for the present that the committee
may give the matter further examination. If
the gentleman declines to do that, I believe I
shall move to strike out the last clause.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The committee, I
think, gave this matter due examination. The
bill does not cut off advertisements in papers
outside of the District of Columbia, nor does
it forbid advertisements in the papers of the
District where the services are to be rendered
or the supplies delivered here. The different
Departments now publish their notices for pro-
posals not only in the papers of the different
States where the work is to be done or the
supplies furnished, but also in the papers of
this District. The committee propose to dis-
pense with this additional and useless public-
ation in the District of Columbia.
Mr. PRUYN. That does not meet the case
which I put. It constantly occurs in all parts
of the country that not only parties living in 1
the locality where work is to be done bid for j
the contract, but also those residing at a dis- ■
tance. Take the case of a job of work to be
done at St. Louis—the city named by the gen-
tleman. We all know that parties in adjoin- ,
ing States would be bidders if they knew that
the work was open for bids. If in such cases
we authorize advertisements only in the local
papers, we prevent the competition of a large
body of men who would otherwise put in their ;
bids, and by whose competition the Govern-
ment might save in a single contract more than 1
all the advertising in this District would cost in
a year. !
Mr. GETZ. With the permission of the
gentleman from Illinois I will say one word.
I think the resolution as reported from the
Committee on the'Post Office and Post Roads
is a very sensible one. It is one that will j
receive the concurrence of every business man.
The papers of the District of Columbia are to
a great extent mere local papers, having but
little circulation outside of the District, and to
advertise in them for proposals for work to be
done in remote portions of the country is a I
proposition that no business man would enter-
tain for a moment. It is wisely provided in
the resolution that only advertisements for
proposals for contracts in Virginia and Mary-
land shall be published in the papers of this
District. The papers of this District have
some circulation in those adjoining States, and
it is proper such advertisements should be pub-
lished in those papers for circulation. But,
sir, to advertise in them for work to be done in
St. Louis, New York, or Philadelphia, is what
no business man would approve of. I hope the
resolution will pass.
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question recurred on Mr. Johnson's
substitute for the substitute, and it was adopted.
The substitute of the committee, as amended,
was then agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was then
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
: the third time, and passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mail contractors pacific coast.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on
the Post Ollice and Post Roads, reported back
adversely Housejointresolution No. 43, author-
izing the Postmaster General to secure to the
inuil contractors in the Pacilic States and Ter-
ritories payment of the contract pay at San
Francisco, California.
The SPEAKER. It will be laid on the table.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Speaker, before sub-
mitting a motion to lay on the table I desire
to say a few words op that resolution, as it
relates directly to my own State. Heretofore
there has been a necessity for something of
this kind. There is now, for it is a great in-
convenience for the people on that coast to be
compelled to transact their business with the
Departments here through the mails. But this
resolution would involve the establishment of
a post office department on the Pacific coast,
which would be located at San Francisco.
Now, if such a department were established
there parties living twelve or fourteen hundred
miles distant from that point would be sub-
jected precisely to the same inconvenience as
now, for they would have to transact their busi-
ness through the mails. They could do it as
well with the Department here as with any
department established in San Francisco.
Then, besides, sir, within the six months
when the resolution would go into effect, if
passed, the Central Pacific railroad will meet
the Western Pacific railroad, and we will
have direct communication across the coun-
try. I do not?, therefore, see how the resolu-
tion would be of any practical use to my people.
The joint resolution was laid on the table.
free mail matter.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio, from the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, reported
back House joint resolution No. 104, author-
izing the transmission through the mails, free
of postage, of certain certificates by the adju-
tant general of New Hampshire, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
The joint resolution provides for the trans-
mission through the mails, free of postage, of
certificates of thanks voted by the Legislature
of New Hampshire to the soldiers thereof,
under such regulations as the Postmaster Gen-
eral may direct.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
foreign mails.
Mr. LINCOLN, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported back
I House bill No. 176, to amend an act entitled
i "An act to provide for carrying the mails from
the United States to foreign ports, and for other
purposes," approved March 25,1864, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
The bill provides for the repeal of the fourth
section of the act indicated in the title.
Mr. LINCOLN. The act of March, 18G4,
prohibits the overland mails from carrying
printed matter except newspapers from the
office of publication to bona fide subscribers.
Mr. WASHBDRNE, of Illinois. And by
repealing that act you let all printed matter
go through.
i The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
! read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LINCOLN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and alto
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
first presbyterian ciiurcii of washington .
Mr. KOONTZ. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to put on its passage a bill
that passed both Houses before the adjourn-
