•1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL-GLOBE.
551
Laws of the United States.
40xh Cong.... 2d Sbss.
Prom Lancaster to Liberty Square.
From Curllsville, via Sligo Furnace, to Cal-
lonsburg.
From Montgomery Station, via Mount Zion,
to Klmsport.
From Greensburg, via Middletown, to New
Stanton.
From Sieglesville to Milroy.
From Carroltown, via Glassers, Elder's
Mills, and Saint Lawrence, to Mount Pleasant.
From Rogersville, via Walnut Brush, Burt
Mill, and Big Tree, to Cameron, in West Vir-
ginia.
From Mill City to Falls.
From Annville, via Carper's. Kelly's Cor-
ner. and Centreville, to Mount Joy.
_ From Palmyra, Campbellstown, Bachmans-
vilie, and Mount Harrison, to Elizabethtown.
From Bloody Run to Orleans, in Maryland.
From Garland to South West.
From Newville to Blaserville.
From Ashland, via Gordon, Taylorsville,
and Wishampleton, to Hegins.
From Greensburg, via Middleton, to Mad-
ison.
_ From York, via Dover, Rossville, Wells-
ville, and Mount Top, to Dillsburg.
From Mechanicsburg, via Siddonsburg, Lis-
hurn, Lewisberry, Newberry, and Yocumtown,
to Biter's.
From Sabiusville, in the county of Tioga,
via Mixtown and Sanderlinville, to Ulysses, in
the county of Potter.
From English Centre, in the county of
Lycoming, to Morris Post Office, at W. W.
Babb's, in Morris township, in Tioga county.
From Alba, in Bradford county, to Fall
Brook, in the county of Tioga.
From Fallen Timber, via Gill's Mills, Glen
Connell, and Elder's Mills, to Carrolton.
From the city of Reading, via Black Bear
Tavern, Oley turnpike road, and Manatauney
post office, to Pike post office, in Pike town-
ship.
tennessee.
From Belle Station to Dyersbnrg.
From Taylorsville, via Stoney Creek, to
Elizabethtown.
west virginia.
From Glengary, via Shokeys, to Unger's
Store.
From Kanawha Salines to Lizemore's.
wisconsin.
From Westfield, via Lawrence, to Spring
Bluff.
From Freeman to Lower Lynxville.
From Muscada to Richland Centre".
From Chilton, via Bachelor School-house,
Potter's Mills, Duell's Mills, Brillion, and
Holland, to Wrightstown.
From La Crosse, via Chaseburg, Enterprise,
and Springville. to Viroqua.
From White Hall to Franklin.
From Neillsville to Dextervilie.
E>om Hixton, via Pole Grove, to Houghton-
burg.
From Garden Valley, via Augusta, to Eau
Claire.
From Pine Hill, via. Hop Hollow, to the
Saint Croix railroad.
From Goole to Hillsboro'.
From Debillo, via Oaks and Ironton, to
Barabo.
utah territory.
From Eagle Valley to Panacea.
From Pinto, via Hamblin and Palsifer, to
Panacea.
Apfkoved, July 25, 1868.
Chap. CCXLV.—An Actrelatingto the Freed-
men's Bureau and providing for its Discon-
tinuance.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the duties and powers
of Commissioner of the Bureau for the Relief
of Freedmen and Refugees shall continue to
be discharged by the present Commissioner of
the bureau, and in case of vacancy in said office
occurring by reason of his death or resignation
the same shall be filled by appointment of the
President on the nomination of the Secretary
of War, and with the advice and consent of the
Senate ; and no officer of the Army shall be
detailed for service as Commissioner or shall
enter upon the duties of Commissioner unless
appointed by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate; and all assistant commissioners,
agents, clerks, and assistants shalPbe appointed
by the Secretary of War on the nomination of
the Comniissjoner of the bureau. In case of
vacancy in t.he office of Commissioner happen-
ing during the recess of the Senate, the duties
of Commissioner shall be discharged by the
acting assistant adjutant general of the bureau
until such vacancy can be filled.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the
Commissioner of the bureau shall, on the first
day of January next, cause the said bureau to
be withdrawn from the several States within
which said bureau has acted and its operations
shall be discontinued. But the educational
department of 'he said bureau and the collec-
tion and payment of moneys due the soldiers,
sailors, and marines, or their heirs, shall be
continued as now provided by law until other-
wise ordered by act of Congress.
SCHUYLER COLFAX.
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
B. F. WADE,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
Is Senate of this United States,
Jidy '25, 18G8.
The President of the United States having
returned to the Senate, in whicli it originated,
the bill entitled "An act relating to the Freed-
men's Bureau and providing for its discon-
tinuance," with his objectionslhereto,tlie Sen-
ate proceeded, in pursuance of the Constitution,
to reconsider the same; and
Resolved, That the said bill do pass, two
thirds of the Senate agreeing to pass the same.
Attest: GEO. C. GORHAM,
Secretary of the Senate.
In the House of Representatives, U. S-,
July 25th, 1808.
The House of Representatives having pro-
ceeded, in pursuance of the Constitution, to
reconsider the bill entitled "An act relating to
the Freedmen's Bureau and providing for its
discontinuance," returned to the Senate by
the President of the United States, with his
objections, and sent by the Senate to the House
of Representatives, with the message of the
President returning the bill—
Resolved, That the bill do pass, two thirds
of the House of Representatives agreeing to
pass the same.
Attest: EDWD. McPHERSON,
Clerk H. R. U. S.
CrrAr. CCXLVI.—An Act to further Amend
the Postal Laws.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That when any writer of a
letter, on which the postage is prepaid, shall
indorse in writing or in print upon the outside
thereof his name and address, the same, after
remaining unelalled [uncalled] for at the post
office to which it is directed thirty days, or the
time the writer may direct, shall be returned
to the said writer without additional postage,
whether a specific request for such return be
indorsed on the letter or not.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all
persons who receive money orders shall be
required to pay therefor the following charges
or fees, viz.: for one dollar or any sum not
exceeding twenty dollars, a fee of ten cents
shall be charged and exacted -by the postmas-
ter giving said order; for all orders exceeding
twenty dollars and not exceeding thirty dollars,
the charge shall be fifteen cents; for all orders
exceeding thirty dollars tmd not exceedingforty
dollars, the fee shall be twenty cents; for all
orders exceeding forty 'dollars and not exceed-
ing fifty dollars, the fee shall be twenty-five
cents; and furthermore that the compensation
of deputy postmasters for the payment of money
orders is hereby increased from one eighth to
one fourth of one per centum on the gross
amount of orders paid at their respective offices,
and that nothing contained in any act shall be
so construed as to deprive postmasters at
money-order offices of the compensation for
transacting the money-order business fixed by
the act of May seventeenth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, and modified as stated in this
section: Provided always, That the amount of
such annual compensation, together with the
postmaster's salary, shall not in any case exceed
the salary established by law for postmasters
of the first class.
Sec. 3. Andbeit further enacted, Thatsection
thirty-five of the act of March third, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three, shall be so construed
as to permit weekly newspapers, properly folded
and addressed, when sentto regular subscribers,
in the county where printed and published, to
be delivered free of postage, when deposited at
the office nearest to the office of publication;
but nothing in this act shall be so construed as
to require carriers to distribute said papers,
unless postage is paid upon them at the rate of
five cents per quarter, and such postage must
be prepaid for a term of not less than one
quarter or more than one year, either at the
office of mailing or of delivery, at the option
of the subscriber.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That in
case of the loss of a money order, a duplicate
thereof shall be issued by the superintendent
of the money-order office without charge, on
the application of the remitter or payee of the
original: Provided, That the applicant furnish
a certificate from the postmaster on whom the
same was drawn that it had not been and would
not thereafter be paid, and a similar certificate
from the postmaster by whom it was issued that
it had not been and would not be repaid to the
purchaser; and a second fee shall not be charged
for a duplicate money order issued to replace
an order that has been rendered invalid because
of non-presentation for payment within one year
after its date, or because of illegal indorsements.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That if
any person shall falsely forge or counterfeit, or
willingly aid, assist, or abet in falsely forging
or counterfeiting, or shall procure, directly or
indirectly, to be falsely forced or counterfeited
any postal money order, or any material signa-
ture or indorsement to any postal money order
issued by the Post Office Department, or any
of its agents, for the purpose and with the intent
of obtaining or receiving, directly or indirectly,
or of procuring or enabling- others to obtain or
receive, directly or indirectly, any sum or sums
of money, and thereby to defraud either the
United States or any person of such sum or
sums of money, or any part thereof, or shall
pass, utter, or publish or "attempt to pass, utter,
or publish as true, any such forged or counter-
feited postal money order with intent to defraud
either the United States or any person of any
sum or sums of money, knowing such postal
money order, or any signature or indorsement
thereon, to be so falsely forged or counterfeited,
every such person shall be deemed guilty of
felony, and being thereof duly convicted shall
be sentenced to be imprisoned and kept at hard
labor for a period of not less than two years
nor more than five years, and to be fined in a
sum not exceeding five thousand dollars.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
Postmaster General be, and heis hereby, author-
ized to appoint and employ on board of each
of the mailsteamers plyingon the route between
