668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
raent for the holidays, but failed to receive the
signature of the President because it did not
reach him in time. I do not deem it advis-
able to have it recommitted inasmuch as it has
received the sanction of both Houses. It is a
bill (H. 11. No. 502) to incorporate the con-
f regation of the First Presbyterian Church of
Vashington.
Mr. HOLMAN. Has this bill been re-
ferred ?
Mr. KOONTZ. It has been acted upon and
passed by both Houses, and only failed because
it did not reach the President in time to receive
his signature.
Mr. HOLMAN. This subject has not been
referred to a committee. It is an entirely new
measure.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana objects; the bill therefore cannot be put
on its passage.
The bill, by unanimous consent, was read a
a first and second time; and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
WILLIAM B. TODD.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 503) for the relief of William B. Todd ;
which was read a iirst and second time.
It directs that there be refunded to William
B. Todd, of the city of Washington, the sum
of $319, being the amount paid by him to the
United States on the 27th of June, 1856, for
certain land in the city of Washington, which
had been before sold and the.United States
paid therefor.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is there a report accom-
panying this bill?
Mr. INGERSOLL. There is not; but I
have a letter on the subject which I ask to have
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Washington City, December 27,1866.
Sir : During my incumbency of the office of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings I sold to William
15. Todd, Esq., at a public sale of Government lota,
on the 27th of June, 1856, south half of lot fifteen
in square six hundred and thirty-six. When Mr.
Toda was about to take possession of the property >
he found it in the occupancy of another person, I
who claimed to have purchased it a long time prior
to the sale at which he purchased. My attention
was called by Mr. Todd to the subject, and a few
days since 1 called at your office and made a thor-
ough examination of the title. Mr. Robert Ould,
as you $re aware, was employed by the Secretary
of the Interior in 1854 or 1855 to examine the rec-
ords of your office and the land records of the county
of Washington to ascertain and report the lots the
titles to which still remained in tae Government.
In preparing the list of lots for sale I was mainly
governed by Mr. Ould's report, as it was intended
lor the guidance of the Commissioner in the dis-
posal of Government lots. The north half of lot
til teen in square six hundred and thirty-six is stated
in his last report to have been sold to C. T. Krebs,
and the record of the deed is to be found in the land
records of the county. Liber W. B. No. 60. Accord-
ing to the report the title to the south half of the lot
was in the Government; but the "register of squares"
in your office shows that it was sold February 12,1838,
to 0. T. Krebs. To place the matter beyond doubt,
ou leaving your .office I repaired to the office of the
register of deeds and there found a deed from Com-
missioner Noland, Liber W. B. No. 69, folio 12, to C.
T. Krebs tor the south half of lot fifteen, square six
hundred and thirty-six, which settles the title of the
whole lot to be in Krebs, and consequently my sale
to Mr. Todd was a nullity. The hall lot sold to Mr.
Todd contained twenty-two hundred and seventy-
nine feet, which was struck off to him at fourteen
cents per foot, and he paid me $319 06, the full
amount of the cost of the lot. The money was dis-
bursed for Government purposes, and of course you
will refund it to Mr. Todd; and in view of the fact
that the Government has had the use and benefit of
it I respectfully submit that he ought to be allowed
interest.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN B.BLAKE.
Major B. B. FbencH,
Commissioner of Public Buildings.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is interest
charged?
Mr. INGERSOLL. No, sir; the money
was paid several years ago, but no interest is
charged. If there is no further information
desired I ask that the bill be put on its pas-
sage.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to hear some further explanation.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask the Clerk to read
a letter from Commissioner French.
Mr. HOLMAN. I appeal to the gentleman
! that it is hardlv worth while to consume any
more time on this subject. It seems to me
eminently n just, claim.
Mr. INGERSOLL. There i3 no question
about it at all.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
ou the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
STEAM FRIGATE JAVA.
Mr. BARNES. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Whereas the United States steam frigate Java,
which has been three years in building and now lies
in an unfinished condition, exposed to the weather,
in the Brooklyn navy-yard, and upon which all
work has recently been suspended; and whereas in
her present condition she is being seriously damaged
by the elements, and if work is resumed thereon she
can befiuishedand equipped by the coming autumn ;
and whereas great suffering exists on account of the
discharge of laborers from the yard at this season of |
the year: Therefore,
Be it resolved. That the Secretary of the Navy be,
and he hereby is, instructed to have the said frigate
Java completed without unnecessary delay.
Mr. WELKER. I object.
Mr. BARNES. I would like to explain. At
a recent visit to the navy-yard my attention
i was particularly called to this unfinished vessel,
j Mr. HARDING. I object.
j CANAL AND SEWER COMPANY.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back a bill
(H. R. No. 232) to incorporate the George-
town and Washington Canal and Sewer Com-
pany, and moved that it be recommitted to the
Committee for the District of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
committed, and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TIMBER FOR NAVAL VESSELS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Navy, in
reply to a resolution of the House of December
9, 1867, regarding the quantity of seasoned and
green timber on hand for building vessels of
war; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
MIDNIGHT MAIL TO NEW YORK.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Postmaster General,
in reply to a resolution of the House of the 10th
instant, relative to the discontinuance of the
transmission of the midnight mail from New
York to Philadelphia, &c.; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
WALTER B. PLOWDEN.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
relative to the petition of Walter B. Plowden,
asking payment for his services as a scout;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
FORT LEAVENWORTH RESERVATION.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of 'War
transmitting certain papers connected with the
right of way across the military reservation at
Fort Leavenworth by the Leavenworth and
Des Moines and Northwest and Leavenworth
railroads; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
MEMORIALS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the memorial of the Legislature of the State
of Wisconsin, asking for a grant of lands to
the State of Wisconsin to aid in building a
wagon road from Chippewa Falls to Ashland,
Wisconsin; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a memorial of the Legislature of the Territory
of Dakota, praying for a grand of lands to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Sioux
City, Iowa, to the mouth of the Big Cheyenne
river, Dakota Territory; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
The SPEAKER then resumed the call of
committees for reports.
RECONSTRUCTION MEASURES.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, the
Committee on the Judiciary was discharged
from the further consideration of a bill (II. R.
No. 254) to amend an act entitled ''An act to
provide for the more efficient government of
the rebel States," passed March 2, 1807, and
to facilitate restoration; and a bill (II. R. No.
214) to facilitate the restoration of the late
rebel States, and for other purposes; and a
bill (H. R. No. 30) to regulate the practice
and define the powers of the Supreme Court
of the United States in certain cases arising
under the Constitution and laws thereof; and
the same were severally referred to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
SUPREME COURT.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, the
same committee was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of a bill (II. R. No. 379)
requiring the concurrence of two thirds of the
judges of the Supreme Court of the United
States in order to pronounce a law passed by
Congress to be unconstitutional, and the same
was laid upon the table.
TENNESSEE BLIND SCHOOL.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, the
same committee was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of a bill (H. R. No. 385) to
appropriate money for the rebuilding of the
Tennessee blind school buildings; and the same
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, the
same committee was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of *he petition of William
H. Conover, fourth Michigan cavalry, praying
the payment of the reward for the capture of
Jefferson Davis; and the same was referred to
the Committee of Claims.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, the
same committee was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition of citizens
of the fourth ward of the city of Washington,
praying Congress to strike from the city char-
ter the property qualification and the word
"white, &c.; and the same was referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
TAXING UNITED STATES NOTES.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, oflowa, the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary were also discharged
from the further consideration of House bill No.
244, to authorize State authorities to tax non-
interest-bearing United States notes ; and the
same was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
JOHN F. CONOLEY.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, the
Committee on the Judiciary were also dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
petition of John F. Conoley, late judge of the
county court for the county of Dallas, Alabama,
praying that he may be relieved from political
disability and allowed to hold office under the
Government of the United States ; and the
same was referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction.
FEES OF MARSHALS, ATTORNEYS, ETC.
On motion of Mr. ELDRIDGE, the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary were discharged from
the further consideration of House bill No. 78,
