552
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-SESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 2%
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
San Francisco, Japan, and China, and between
San Francisco and Honolulu, (Hawaiian Isl-
ands,) a Government agent in charge of the
United States mails, at an annual salary of
two thousand dollars each per annum.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
Postmaster Generalbe, and heishereby, author-
ized to establish in connection with the United
States mail steamship service to Japan and
China a general postal agency at Shanghai,
China, with such branch agencies at other ports
in China and Japan as shall, in his judgment,
be necessary for the prompt and efficient man-
agement of thepostal service in those countries;
and to pay the postal agents so appointed and
employed a reasonable compensation for their
services, in addition to the necessary expenses
for rent, furniture, clerk hire, and so forth, to
be allowed at each agency for conducting the
postal business, a report on which shall be
embraced in theannual report of the Postmaster
General.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That for
the more efficient management of the increased
postal business connected with the foreign
mail service, the Postmaster General be, and
he is hereby, authorized to appoint in his De-
partment a superintendent of foreign mails at
an annual salary of three thousand dollars,
and also three additional clerks for that branch
of the postal service, to wit: one of class
four, and two of class three; and that the
salary of the superintendent of the money-
order system shall be three thousand dollars
per annum.
Sec. 9. And he it further enacted, That the
Postmaster General be, and he is hereby,
authorized^ to appoint in the office of the
Third Assistant Postmaster General, a chief
of division for the dead-letter office, at a sal-
ary of two thousand five hundred dollars per
annum.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That, if
any person employed in any department of the
Post Office establishment of the United States
shall, willfully and knowingly, use or cause
to be used in prepayment of postage any post-
age stamp or stamped envelope issued or
which may hereafter be issued by authority of
any act of Congress or of the Postmaster Gen-
eral which has already been once used for a
like purpose, or shall remove or attempt to
remove the canceling or defacing marks from
any such postage stamp or stamped envelope
with intent to use or cause the use of the
same a second time, or to sell or offer to sell
the same, or shall remove from letters or other
mail matter deposited in or received at a post
office the stamps attached to the same in pay-
ment of postage, with intent to use the same
a second time for a like purpose, or to sell ox-
offer to sell the same, every such offender
shall, upon conviction thereof, be deemed
guilty of felony, and shall be imprisoned for
not less than one year nor more than three
years.
Sec. 11. Andbeitfurther evaded,That i{any
person not employed in any department of the
Post Office ^establishment of the United States
shall commit any of the offenses described in the
preceding section of this act, every such per-
son shall, on conviction thereof, be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and be punished by
imprisonment for not less than six months nor
more than one year, or by a fine of not less
than one hundred dollars nor more than five
hundred dollars for each offense, or by both
such line and imprisonment.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That
section nine of an act of Congress, approved
July one, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
authorizing the sales of postage stamps and
stamped envelopes at a discount, be so modi-
fied that the quantities of each sold at anyone
time to the same party shall not exceed one
hundred dollars in value ; and that such sales
shall be restricted to certain designated agents
who will agree t~o sell again without discount
under rules to be fixed by the Postmaster
General.
Sec. 13. And be it fwrther enacted, That it
shall not be lawful to deposit in a post office,
to be sent by mail, any letters or circulars con-
cerning lotteries, so-called gift concerts, or
other similar enterprises offering prizes of any
kind on any pretext whatever.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That the
Postmaster General be, and he is hereby,
authorized and empowered to establish a blank
agency for the Post Office Department, to be
located in the city of Washington, District of
Columbia, and to appoint one superintendent
at an annual salary of eighteen hundred dol-
lars, one assistant superintendent at an annual
salary of sixteen hundred dollars, and three
other assistants at an annual salary of otic
thousand dollars each, and two laborers at an
annual salary of seven hundred and twenty
dollars each; and all other blank agencies are
hereby abolished.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That the
Postmaster General be, and he is hereby,
authorized to conclude arrangements with the
post departments of foreign countries, with
which international postal conventions have
been or shall be concluded, for the exchange
of small sums of money by means of postal
orders, the maximum amount of which shall
not exceed that fixed by law for domestic
money orders, at such rates of exchange and
under such rules and regulations as he may
deem expedient; and that the expense incurred
in establishing and conducting such system of
exchange may be paid out of the proceeds of
the money-order business.
Sec. 16. Andbe it further enacted, That the
proviso in section three of the act approved
March three, eighteen hundred and twenty-
five, entitled "An act to reduce into one the
several acts establishing and regulating the
Post Office Department," be, and the same
is hereby, repealed: Provided, That nothing
herein contained shall repeal any of the pro-
visions of the act approved July eleven, eight-
een hundred and sixty-two, entitled " An act
in relation to the Post Office Department."
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That if
on the final^ settlement of the account of any
postmaster it shall appear that such postmaster
is indebted to the United States, and suit shall
not be instituted within three years after the
close of such account, then, and in that case, the
sureties on the bond of such postmaster shall
not be liable to the United States.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That
copies of the quarterly returns of postmasters,
and of any papers pertaining to the accounts
in the office of the Auditor of the Treasury for
the Post Office Department, certified by him
under his seal of office, shall be admitted as
evidence in the courts of the United States in
criminal prosecutions, in the same manner as
the same arc now admitted in civil cases, as
provided in section fifteen of an act entitled
"An act to change the organization of the
Post Office Department, and to provide more
effectually for the settlement of the accounts
thereof," approved July second, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-six.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That in
all suits for the recovery of balances due from
postmasters, a copy, duly certified under the
seal of the Auditor of the Treasury for the Post
Office Department, of thestatement of any post-
master, spccial agent, or other person employed
by the Postmaster- General or the said Auditor
for that purpose, that he has mailed a letter to
such delinquent postmaster at the post office
where the indebtedness accrued, or at his last
and usual place of abode, and that a sufficient
time has elapsed in the ordinary course of
mail to have reached its destination, and has
not received payment of such balance within
the time designated in his instructions, shall be
received as sufficient evidence in the courts of
the United States or other courts that a demand
has been made on such delinquent postmaster:
Provided, nevertheless. That when the account
of a late postmaster has been once adjusted and
settled, and a demand made for the balance
appearing to be due, and afterwards allowances
shall be made or credits entered on the account,
it shall not be necessary to make a further
demand for the new balance found to be due.
Sec. 20. Andbeit further enacted, That the
Postmaster General is hereby authorized to
prescribe a uniform dress to be worn by the
letter carriers at the several free delivery offices,
and that any person not connected with this
branch of the service who shall wear the uni-
form that may be prescribed in accordance
herewith, shall be deemed guilty of a misde-
meanor, and being convicted thereof, shall, for
every such offense, be fined not more than one
hundred dollars, or imprisoned not more than
six months, or both, in the discretion of the
courtbefore which suchconvictionshallbehad.
Appkoved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCXLVII.—An Act making an Appro-
priation of Money to carry into effect the
Treaty with Russia of March thirtieth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-seven.
Whereas the President of the United States,
on the thirtieth of March, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven, entered into a treaty with the
Emperor of Russia, and the Senate thereafter
gave its advice and consent to said treaty, by
the terms of which it was stipulated that, in
consideration of the cession by the Emperor
of Russia to the United States of certain terri-
tory therein described, the United States
should pay to the Emperor of Russia the sum.
of seven million two hundred thousand dollars
in coin ; and whereas it was further stipulated
in said treaty that the United States shall
accept of such cession, and that certain inhab-
itants of said territory shall be admitted to the
enjoyment of all the rights and immunities of
citizens of the United States; and whereas
said stipulations cannot be carried into full
force and effect except by legislation to which
the consent of both Houses of Congress is neces-
sary : Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and Souse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be, and hereby
is, appropriated from any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, seven million
and two hundred thousand dollars in coin, to
fulfill stipulations contained in the sixth article
of the treaty with Russia, concluded at Wash-
ington on the thirtieth day of March, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCXLVIII.—An Act making Appropri-
ations for the Current and Contingent Ex-
penses of the Indian Department, and for
fulfilling Treaty Stipulations with various
Indian Tribes for the year ending thirtieth
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, and
for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums be,
and they are hereby, appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, for the purpose of payingthe current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department
and fulfil ling treaty stipulations with the various
Indian tribes—
For the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian department, namely:
For the pay of superintendents of Indian
affairs and of Indian agents, one hundred and
thirteen thousand five hundred and fifty dol-
lars, as follows:
Superintendents of Indian Affairs.
Three superintendents for the tribes east of
the Rocky mountains; one for Oregon; one
for Washington Territory; one for the Terri-
tory of New Mexico; one for the Territory of
