1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
669
to amend an act entitled, " An act to regulate
tlie fees and costs to be allowed to clerks, mar-
shals, and attorneys of the circuit and district
courts of the United States, and for other pur-
poses," approved February 26, 1853 ; and the i|
same was laid on the table.
MARSHAL FOlt DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, reported back House
bill No. 288 to provide for the appointment of
marshal for the District of Columbia with an
amendment.
The original bill was read. The first sec- ;
tion provides that the appointment of marshals
for (he District of Columbia shall be vested in /
the supreme court of said District, and that
the judges of said court shall nominate, and
by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate appoint, a marshal, whose term of office,
duties, and compensation shall be the same as
those now pertaining to the office of marshal
for said District.
The second section provides that all acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with this act shall be
repealed.
The amendment of the committee was to
strike out all after the enacting clause of the
bill, and to insert in lieu thereof the following:
That the supreme court of the District of Colum-
bia is hereby authorized to appoint a marshal of the
United States for the District of Columbia, whose
powers and duties shall be the same as the powers
and duties of the marshal of the United States for the
District under existing laws; and the said marshal so
appointed shall receive the same compensation for
his services as the marshal now receives for like ser-
vices ; and from and after such appointment the office
of said marshal, now held under appointment of the
President, shall cease and determine.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That an act enti-
tled "An act to authorize the appointment of a warden
in the jail of the District of Columbia," approved
February 29,1864, be and the same is hereby repealed.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I now call the
previous question on the bill and pending
amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before the gentleman calls
the previous question I hope he will allow me
to submit an amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I cannot yield
for that purpose.
The question was then taken upon second-
ing the call for the previous question ; and upon
a division there were—ayes 54, noes 38; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Lawrence
of Ohio and Mr. Holma* were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—-ayes 70, noes 44.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
The first question was upon the amendment ]
reported from the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I will state
very briefly what this bill is, and then I appre-
hend there will not be any serious objection to
it. TKe first section of the bill provides that
the supreme court of the District of Columbia
shall have power to appoint the marshal for
the District. The second section repeals the
act of February 29, 1864, which authorizes the
President of the United States to appoint the '
warden for tlie jail in the District of Colum-
bia. The effect of the repeal of that law is to
restore the law as it stood before that time,
and to leave the appointment of the warden in j
the hands of the marshal of the District. In \
that respect the second section of the bill now j
before us is simply to restore the law as it
stood almost from the foundation of the Gov-
ernment to the time of the passage of the act
of February 29, 1864.
I think it will be conceded by gentlemen on
both sides of this House that the supreme
court of the District are much better qualified
to judge of the merits and qualifications of per-
sons who are applicants for the office of mar-
shal than the President possibly can be. In
the multitude of the duties of the President it
is not possible that he can have personal knowl-
edge of the qualifications of all the men whom
he may be asked to appoint to office.
This bill simply proposes to vest in the
supreme court of the District of Columbia the
power to appoint their own marshal. I sup-
pose this Congress has settled the question
of the propriety of giving to the courts of
this District the power to appoint their own
officers.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio whether he proposes to confer
upon the Federal courts in the other districts
this same power of appointment with regard to
marshals, or whether he designs to confine the
provision to this particular court?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. This bill relates
only to the supreme court of the District of
Columbia. We do not propose to accomplish
everything at once. We propose to do only
one thing at a time. I think that, as a general
proposition, it would be better if all the courts
of the United States had the power to appoint
their own officers. They are better judges of
the qualifications and claims of those who may
apply to them for appointment than the Pres-
ident possibly can be.
Mr. SPALDING, [in his seat.] Does not
that depend a little on their political senti-
ments?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Congress
passed an act, which was approved by the
President on the 2d of March, 1867, author-
izing the Supreme Court of the United States
to appoint its marshal; and the bill now before
us proposes simply to establish the same pol-
icy with regard to the supreme court of this
District. Now, our legislation in reference to
this District has, as a general rule, been sep-
arated from the legislation designed for the
States and for the country at large; and, fol-
lowing out that same policy, this bill simply
proposes, as I have remarked, to settle the
question as to the mode of appointing the
marshal for the supreme court of the Dis-
trict. I hope that the bill will pass.
1 now yield to my colleague on the commit-
tee, the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Mar-
shall.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] pledge
himself not to bring in a bill to repeal this bill
in the course of a year ?
Mr. SPALDING. No; he will not do that.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. That will de-
pend on circumstances. t
Mr. MARSHALL. I wish to speak with all
due respect of all matters of legislation com-
ing before this House for its deliberation and
action. But I must say that I regard this bill as
a specimen of very petty legislation indeed. It
seems to me in its purpose and effect wholly
indefensible. I regret that the Judiciary Com-
mittee of this House has allowed itself to be
made an instrument for accomplishing such an
object as that intended by the bill before the
House. This bill is another specimen of the
mere bread-and-butter legislation of which we
have had so much during the Thirty-Ninth and
Fortieth Congresses. A year or two ago we
heard a great deal said about a bread-and-
butter party. Now, if there ever was upon
earth, and especially in the United States of
America, a bread-and-butter party, it is the
party now having the control of the Congress
of the United States. While the people are
groaning under the burdens imposed upon
them, we find that in this House the important
business of the country is from day to day
pushed aside for the purpose of adopting legis-
lation in regard to some petty office which it
is found happens to be occupied by some man
who does not go the whole figure in support
of the radical measures of this Congress. For
this purpose the tenure-of-office bill was passed
by the last Congress. Quite a number of bills
aiming at precisely this object have been pro-
posed by the present Congress. Now, I say,
with all due respect, that such measures are
unworthy of the American Congress. If one
Congress degenerates into practices of this kind
another may follow the example. A bill like
this establishes a bad precedent, and one which
ought not to be tolerated.
What is the immediate demand for such
legislation as this at the present time ? Why
must the important business of the country be
stopped while Congress enters upon the con-
sideration of such a measure ? The whole
Surpose is simply to get at a petty office in the
►istrict of Columbia by special legislation.
And for what reason? Is the present incum-
bent incompetent? Has he been accused of
neglect of duty or of any dereliction whatever ?
I know very little personally concerning the
present occupant of this office, but I am told
that he has proved himself a moat excellent
officer, and that no charge of want of ability
or neglect of duty can be brought against him.
Mr. MYERS. Will the gentleman yield for
one moment?
Mr. MARSHALL. No, sir; I cannot yield
now.
Mr. Speaker, why should we make any dis-
tinction between the mode of appointing the
marshal in the District of Columbia and the
manner of appointing marshals in the Federal
courts throughout the States? These officers
perform duties of the same character, and if
there is any propriety in devolving the appoint-
ment upon the courts in one instance there is
the same reason in all. It may be said that
the marshals, if not appointed by the court,
are not properly subject to the power of the
court; but this is not true.
They are subject to the power of the court
as far as the court ought to have control of
their action.
If it be proper that the appointment of the
marshal of this court should be taken from the
present appointing power, will the gentleman
introduce a general law to extend it to all the
Federal courts in the United States? If that
were done we could then see the propriety, or
rather the consistency, of this legislation. But
nothing of that kind is proposed in the bill
now before the House; and I therefore sub-
mit it must be manifest to the House that this
is a mere attempt to stop important legislation
for the purpose of getting at some petty office
in which to put some partisan of the party
which now controls this Congress. I can see
no other purpose, and I submit there is no
other purpose. The House and the country,
I believe, will agree with me in this.
It is proposed also to abolish the office of
warden and to attach the duties thereof to the
office of marshal. We know how and for what
purpose the office of warden was established.
Congress did not happen to be satisfied with
the conduct of the marshal for this District,
Marshal Lamon, who was appointed by Mr.
Lincoln. It was thought, so long as Lincoln
was in power, there was no chance for his re-
moval, and therefore a large part of the prof-
its of that office were taken from him, making
the warden a separate and distinct office from
that of the marshal. Now the time has coma
round when it is supposed the supreme court
of the District of Columbia is in full sympathy
with the party in power in Congress, and it
happens to be that the incumbent of the office
of marshal of this District is not in full sym-
pathy with that party. I know nothing about his
politics and care less, as far as it may affect my
action here. I do not suppose it is a subject
that ought to be brought to the attention of the
House. I submit that it is not worthy the dig-
nity of Congress thus to be changing legisla-
tion from day to day merely to get at a little
more of the spoils of office. Now that the
facts are as I have stated, it is proposed to
abolish the office of warden and again to attach
it to the office of marshal, so that the new in-
cumbent provided for in this bill may have a
more lucrative office. I submit it is unworthy
of the dignity of a great legislative body to be
constantly and perpetually changing the laws,
merely to get at a little more plunder for the
camp-followers of the party in power.
Is it tf#rthy of a legislative body of this
character to pander to the greed of the hungry
