1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
563*
Laws of the United States.
40th Cosg....2d Sess.
Utah; one for California; one for the State
of Nevada ; one for the Territory of Arizona;
and one for Montana and Idaho; the salary
of said last-named superintendent shall be
three thousand dollars per annum.
For vaccination of Indians and furnishing
vaccine matter, one thousand two hundred ana
fifty dollars.
Indian Agents.
Three for the tribes in Oregon ; four for the
tribes in_New Mexico ; one additional for the
Indians in New Mexico ; one for the tribes in
New Mexico; one for the tribes in Utah ; one
additional for the Indians in Utah; one for
the tribes_ in the Territory of Utah; eleven
for the tribes east of the Rocky mountains;
two for the tribes east of the Rocky mountains;
four for the Indians east of the Rocky mount-
ains, viz.; Sioux and Seminoles, the Omaha,
Kickapoo, Kansas, and Neosho agencies;
three for the tribes east of the Rocky mount-
ains ; one for the Indians in the State of New
York ; one for the Delaware Indians; one for
Green Bay, Wisconsin; three for the tribes in
Washington Territory; one for the Wichitas
and neighboring tribes west of the Choctaws
and Ghickasaws; one for the tribes east of the
Rocky mountains ; one for the Indians in the
Territory of New Mexico ; one for the Ponca
tribe ; one for the Pawnees; one for the Yanc-
ton Sioux ; three for the tribes in the Terri-
tory of Washington; one for the Grand River
and Uintah bands of Indians in the Territory
of Colorado; two for the Upper Missouri and
the country adjacent thereto; one for the
Ottawas, Chippewas of Swan creek and Black
river, and Christian Indians in Kansas; four
agents for the State of California; one for the
Kiowa, Apache, and Comanche Indians; one
for the Sisseton and Warpeton bands of Dakota
or Sioux Indians; one for the bands of Sacs
and Foxes of the Mississippi, now in Tama
county, Iowa; one for the Indians in the State
of Nevada: Provided, That it shall be the duty
of the President to dispense with the services
of such Indian agents, herein mentioned, as
may be practicable; and where it is practica-
ble he shall require the same person to per-
form the duties of two agencies for one salary.
For pay of sub-agents, six thousand dollars.
For pay of clerk to superintendent of central
superiutendency, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
For pay of clerk to superintendent of Indian
affairs in Galifornia, one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars.
For temporary clerks to superintendents of
Indian affairs, five thousand dollars.
For pay of interpreters, twenty thousand four
hundred dollars.
For buildingsat agenciesandrepairs thereof,
five thousand dollars.
For contingencies of the Indian department,
twenty-five thousand dollars-
For fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes:
Assinaboines.
For second of twenty payments to be made
during the pleasure of Congress, to be expended
at the discretion of the President in such arti-
cles, goods, and provisions as he may from
time to time determine, ten thousand dollars
of which may be expended in the purchase of
stock, animals, and agricultural implements,
in instructing in agricultural and mechanical
pursuits, in employing mechanics, in educating
their children, providing necessary and proper
medicines and medical attendance, care for and
support of their aged, infirm, and sick, for
their helpless orphans, and ia any other respect
to promote their civilization, comfort, and im-
provement, and also for pay ofhead chief, thirty
thousand dollars,
AHckarees, Oros_ Venires, and Mandans.
For second payment, to be made during the
pleasure .of Congress, to be expended in such
goods, provisions, and other articles as the
President may from time to time determine,
five thousand of which may be expended in the
purchase of stock animals, and agricultural
implements, in instructing in agricultural and
mechanical pursuits, in employing mechanics,
educating their children, providing medicines
and medical attendance, care for and support
of the aged, sick, and infirm, for the helpless
orphans of said Indians, and in any other
respect to promote their civilization, comfort,
and improvement, and also for pay of head
chief, soldier chiefs, second chief, and Pierre
Gavneaux, for his services to the Arickarees,
forty thousand dollars.
Apaches, Kiowas, and Comanches.
For the first of thirty installments provided
to [be] expended under the tenth article of
the treaty of October twenty-first, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven, concluded at Medi-
cine Lodge Creek, in Kansas, with theKiowas
and Comanches, and under the third article of
the treaty of the same date, made with the
Apaches, the amount herein appropriated to
be in lieu of the third of forty installments, to
be paid to the Kiowas and Comanches under
the fifth article of the treaty of October eight-
eenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, and in
lieu of the second article of the treaty with the
Apaches of October seventeenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five, six thousand dollars, or so
much thereof as may be needed to comply with
the requirements of said treaties.
For the construction of an agency building,
according to the fourth article of said treaty,
three thousand dollars.
For the construction of a warehouse and
store-room for the use of said agent, fifteen
hundred dollars.
For the building of a residence of a phy-
sician to said Indians, three thousand dollars.
For the salary of a physician, fifteen hun-
dred dollars.
Calapooias, Molalla, and Clackamas Indians,
of Willamette Valley.
Forfourth of five installments of the third
series of annuity for beneficial objects, per
sccond article treaty twenty-second January,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, six thousand
five hundred dollars.
Gheyennes and Arapahoes.
For the first of thirty installments provided
to be expended under the tenth article of the
treaty of October twenty-eighth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, concluded at Medicine
Lodge Creek, in Kansas, the amount to be in
lieu of the third of forty installments stipu
lated to be paid under the terms of the treaty
of October fourteenth, eighteen hundred and
sixty five, forty thousand dollars, or so much
thereof as may be necessary to furnish the
articles named in said first-named treaty.
For the construction of an ageney building,
according to the fourth article of said treaty,
three thousand dollars,
For the construction of a warehouse and
storeroom for the use of said agent, fifteen
hundred dollars.
For the building of a residence of a phy-
sician to said Indians, three thousand dollars.
For the salary of a physician, fifteen hun-
dred dollars.
For transportation of goods, and so forth, to
the Kiowas, Comanches, Apaches, Cheyennes,
and Arapahoes, twelve thousand dollars.
Chasta, Scoton, and Umpqua Indians.
For fourteenth of fifteen installments of
annuity, to be expended as directed by the
President, per third article treaty eighteenth
November, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
two thousand dollars.
For fourteenth of fifteen installments for the
pay of a farmer, per fifth article treaty eight-
eenth November, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, seven hundred dollars.
For fourteenth of fifteen installments for pay
of teachers and purchase of books and station-
ery, per fifth article treaty eighteenth Novem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, twelve
hundred dollars.
Chippewas of Saginaw, Swan Creek, and
Black Biver.
For this amount, to be placed to the credit
of the educational fund of the Chippewas of
Saginaw, Swan creek, and Black river, per
fourth article treaty eighteenth October, eight-
een hundred and sixty-four, twenty thousand
dollars.
Chippewas of Lake Superior.
For fourteenth of twenty installments in
coin, per fourth article treaty thirtieth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, five
thousand dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments in
goods, household furniture, and cooking uten-
sils, per fourth article treaty thirtieth Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, eight
thousand dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments for
agricultural implements and cattle, carpenters'
and other tools, and building materials, per
fourth article treaty thirtieth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, three thou-
sand dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments for
moral and educational purposes, three hun-
dred dollars of which to be paid to the Grand
Portage band yearly, to enable them to main-
tain a school at their village, per fourth article
treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, three thousand dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments for six
smiths and assistants, per second and fifth
articles treaty thirtieth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, five thousand and forty
dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments for the
support of six smiths' shops, per second and
fifth articles treaty thirtieth September, eight-
een hundred and fifty-four, one thousand three
hundred and twenty dollars.
For twelfth of twenty installments for the
seventh smith and assistant, and support of
shops, per second and fifth articles treaty thir-
tieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, one thousand and sixty dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
cost of delivery of annuities and provisions for
Chippewas of Lake Superior, three thousand
dollars.
For the support of a smith and shop, during
the pleasure of the President, per twelfth ar-
ticle treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, and third article treaty
April seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
six hundred dollars.
For the support of two farmers, during the
pleasure of the President, per twelfth article
treaty September thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, and third article treaty April
seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, one
thousand two hundred dollars.
For the Chippewas of Lake Superior, to be
expended in the purchase of twine for nets,
kettles for making sugar, guns and ammuni-
tion, provisions and cattle, for blankets, cloth,
and so forth, as estimated by the agent of said
Indians, six thousand dollars.
Bois Fort Band of Chippewas.
For third of twenty installments for the sup-
port of one blacksmith and assistant, and for
tools, iron and steel, and other articles neces-
sary for the blacksmith shop, as per third ar-
ticle treaty of April seventh, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
For third of twenty installments for the sup-
port of one school teacher, and for necessary
books and stationery, as per third article treaty
of April seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, eight hundred dollars.
For third of twenty installments for the in-
