670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
cormorants who are constantly prying into every '
hole and corner of the land to find something
to satisfy their voracious appetites?
It. is time, Mr. Speaker, that legislation of
this character should be stopped ; and I appeal
to gentlemen on both sides of the House that
they owe it to their own character and dignity
not to carry this farther. And there is an ad-
ditional reason why the marshal of the Dis-
trict of Columbia should be appointed by the
President rather than by any other power or
tribunal. By immemorial custom the marshal
of the District of Columbia has social and
confidential relations with the President of
the United States. He is the officer who intro-
duces all guests who attend the receptions and
levees at the Executive Mansion. This lias
grown up as a custom. I do not know that
any law devolves the duty upon him. It is
one in which tlier# is a manifest propriety, and
from which I can see no good reason for de-
parting. I submit that it would not be decor-
ous for an officer holding these relations with
the President to be appointed by a petty court
in this District, having no relations with the
Executive.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the object and purpose
of this bill cannot be disguised. There is no
present necessity for it. There can be no alle-
gation of want of ability to discharge the duties
on the part of the incumbent. If you pass this
law, then, every party that comes into power
will follow the precedent and do likewise. At I
least there will be danger of this. Itisaprece- I
dent that ought not to be established. Our j
legislation has already very greatly degener- '
oted, and we should go no further in so objec-
tionable a direction. I think there can be no
question as to that, and I submit that the House
ought not, for the mere purpose of crowding
one man out of a little petty office and putting
in his place some instrument of their own,
cxact legislation of this character.
I suppose the man to be provided for is
already selected. Who he is or may be of
course it is impossible for me to divine. I
suppose he is some broken-down ex-provost
marshal, or some petty satrap who has been
dethroned, or some vulture or wolf that has
been prowling among the starving people of ■
the South for prey and has returned without
sufficient plunder to satisfy "the cravings of his |
appetite, so he comes here and appeals to his
friends in Congress to put him into an office j
that he has found is not yet filled by a partisan j
who will swear to the omniscient wisdom and j
immaculate purity of the present Congress.
Possibly he may be the military Jeffreys, of
Kentucky, who was so fortunate in arresting
and massacring non-combatants and peaceful
citizens and imprisoning women and children :
placed under his jurisdiction, and who has been
hanging around the Capitol all winter, demand-
ing some reward for his preeminent services,
and the result of such demand is the bill now
before the House.
I make these remarks with all due respect,
because I think it is due to the House, to the
country, and to the party in power that they
should heed this appeal not to enact this kind
of legislation that reflects on their own dig-
nity, their own character, and their own man-
hood as legislators. Having submitted this
appeal, I will leave it with honorable members
to act as they may think their duty, character,
and dignity demand in considering a measure
of this peculiar and extraordinary character.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Ohio will yield to me..
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] wishes me
to yield.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I would
inquire who it is that appoints the officers of
the jail in the District of Columbia?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The warden
is appointed by the President of the United
States. A law was passed on the 29th of Feb-
ruary, 1864, giving to the Preside® the ap-
pointment of the wardens. Prior to that time,
almost from the foundation of the Government,
the control of the jail was in the hands of the
marshal. We propose by the second section
of the bill simply to return to the original,
long-continued, and never-departed-from pol-
icy of the Government until the act of 1864
was passed.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. For in-
stance, the surgeon or physician of the jail—
is he appointed by the marshal?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. That I do not
know. This bill 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Proposes
to give it to him?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Says nothing
on that subject; leaves it where it is.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I care
nothing about it except that the marshal is
part of the judiciary, always was everywhere ;
and it seems strange, as he belongs to the court,
that his appointment should ever be "taken
from the court. I hope we shall return to that
practice. I do not look upon it as the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] does, who
thinks that this is a small bread-and-butter
concern. For my part I do not object to it.
So far as I have been able to get at it, it is
pretty good pabulum. [Laughter.] Does the
gentleman object because it is small and light
food? Does he object to the bread-and-butter
part because the food lies so light on his
stomach? [Laughter.] Must we go higher?
About how high must we go in order to raise
it to the dignity of a party in power ? Must we
have beef or must it be pork? [Laughter.]
If we were Jews we would say no pork, [laugh-
ter,] because we would have all that excluded
by the law. If we were butchers we would
insist on having heavy cattle, weighing eleven
hundred pounds or so. What does the gentle-
man mean by small bread-and-butter party?
There are some larger animals that have been
turned out. I hear gentlemen all around me
saying they were nothing but animals. They
object to turning out big cattle, and my friend
across the way objects to turning out "small
deer and mice."
In the name of conscience give us the exact
standard up to which we may go. Some must
be turned out and of course everybody cannot
stay in. When parties change—at least the
President thought so and said so—and when
principles change, and especially when you
want tp change principles, you must turn out
and put in. [Laughter.] 1 do not speak par-
ticularly of change of principles, but men do
change them, and I think that was what was
spoken of by our friend at the White House.
Give us some such standard, but let this bill
pass. It is a small "bread-and-butter" con-
cern. Give us some standard by which months
hence we can regulate exactly how far we shall
go. I have no doubt at all that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] will regulate his
bills accordingly, and will graduate them so that
it will be something more than "bread and
butter" if it is necessary; not less, I hope,
because we can hardly live on less. But let
us know where we should stop. Some gentle-
men would prefer milk punch. [Laughter.]
I would not care much to join them hi that.
But do not reproach us for the feed which we
do get. Let us take what we choose, either
as meat or drink. If it is unwholesome the
worse for us ; if it is wholesome the better
for the nation, because then we can propagate
our principles. [Laughter.] The gentleman
indulged in facetious remarks when he called us
a "bread-and-butter party." I know that all
around us there are hundreds of men who are
all but starving and who want twenty per cent,
added to their pay. Let the gentlemen go with
us and we will add the twenty per cent, and
make it above a "bread-and-butter party." I
will give them a little sausage for their din-
ners—something solid. [Laughter.] I would,
give it to the lowest men among them. But,
if we have nothing but brown bread and but-
ter, I pray the gentleman not to taunt us with
our poverty. [Laughter.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I yield one
minute more to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Marshall.]
Mr. MARSHALL. As the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] applied a portion
of his remarks to me, I wish to say that I am
not in favor of any kind of bread and butter
party. I am opposed to every species of bread
and butter legislation. It is legislation of that
character which is now taking the bread and
butter from the mouths of hundreds of thou-
sands of people throughout this broad land,
and I am opposed to all such legislation, which
brings starvation to the millions of the people
who are paying the taxes of the country.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I now yield
five minutes to the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holmax.]
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, if the object
of this bill were to confer upon the Federal
courts generally the power to appoint the mar-
shals of their respective districts I do not
know that the remarks I have to make would
be applicable ; but the purpose here is mani-
festly to legislate with reference to a particular
officer, and I regret that the leader of the
House, the gentleman who of all others directs
opinion here, has thought proper to throw the
weight of his influence into a controversy
of this character and in support of such a
measure.
The gentleman says that the Federal courts
throughout the country ought to have the ap-
pointment of their officers, and thatthe appoint-
ment of the marshals properly belongs to the
judiciary ; but the gentleman will observe that
here there is no general system proposed, but
simply a discrimination against a particular
officer, the marshal of this District, and no
pretense of a general change in the system.
This bill does not propose to give to th,e various
courts throughout the Union the power to ap-
point their marshals. It simply provides that
the marshal of the District of Columbia, who,
by the laws now in force, has been appointed,
I believe, by the President of the United States
from the formation of the Government up to
this time without any interruption, shall be
appointed by the district court of this District,
and the present incumbent be turned out of
office, and that, too, in violation of the spirit
and principle of the civil-tenure act, for the
purpose of getting the place for some one
else.
Now, sir, who is it who is to be thus turned
out of his office? He is a citizen of Indiana,
well known throughout the State and well
known to the gentlemen who represent that
State in this House; and I say here—and it
cannot be gainsaid by my friend from Ohio,
but will be indorsed by every one of my col-
leagues—that a more honorable gentleman or
one who was truer to the cause of the Union dur-
ing the late war did not exist in the State of
Indiana. Sir, I have time and again stood by
his bed-side while for weeks he lay in the town
of Lawrenceburg, in my own district, suffering
from a gunshot wound in his breast, received
while in the service of his country. And it is
this soldier, who bears upon his person the
marks of wounds received in the service of his
country, in the cause of the Union, against
whom the power of Congress is invoked, and
who is to be stricken down by this special
enactment! Does such a proceeding become
the Congress of the United States?
It has been suggested, and it seems to me
very properly, that there is and always has
been an intimate and proper connection be-
tween the marshal of this District and the
President in the social intercourse of the Pres-
ident with his fellow-citizens. Such has been
the case from the foundation of the Govern-
ment, hence the propriety of the appoint-
ment being made by the President. And when
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] is
not able to suggest a single act on the part of
the present marshal of official negligence, nor
indeed of any act which might justify censure,
when his record as a public man and as a pri-
