1863."
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Lairs of the United States.
40th Cong....2d Sess,
plcmentnry to treaty twelfth April, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, ten thousand dollars.
For this amount to the Pembina band of
Chippewas, during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent, pcrsame treaty, five thousand dollars.
For the fifth of fifteen installments for the
purpose of supplying the Red Lake band of
Chippewas with gilling twine, cotton matter,
calico, linsey, blankets, sheeting, flannels, pro-
visions, farming tools, and for such other use-
ful articles, and for such other useful purposes
as may be deemed for their best interests, per
third article supplementary treaty of twelfth
April, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, eight
thousand dollars.
For the fifth of fifteen installments for same
objects for Pembina band of Chippewas, per
same treaty, four thousand dollars.
For fifth of fifteen installments for pay of
one blacksmith, one physician, who shall fur-
nish medicine for the sick, one miller, and one
farmer, per fourth article of same treaty, three
thousand live hundred dollars.
For fifth of fifteen installments for the pur-
chase of iron and steel and other articles for
blacksmithing purposes, per same treaty as
above, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For fifth of fifteen installments, to be ex-
pended for carpentering and other purposes,
per same treaty, one thousand dollars.
For fifth of fifteen installments, to defray
the expenses of a board of visitors, to consist
of not more than three persons, to attend upon
the annuity payments of the said Chippewa
Indians, whose pay shall not exceed five dol-
lars per day, each, and for not more than twenty
days, and ten cents per mile for traveling
expenses, and not to exceed three hundred
miles, per sixth article treaty October second,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, four hun-
dred dollars.
For insurance and transportation of annuity
goods and provisions, and iron and steel for
blacksmiths, for the Chippewas of Red Lake
and Pembina tribe, five thousand dollars.^
To replace the sum taken from the Chicka-
saws for expenses incident to the negotiation
of a treaty by order of the Government, thir-
teen thousand eight hundred and twenty dol-
lars and fifty cents.
Choctaws.
For permanent annuity, per second article
treaty sixteenth November, eighteen hundred
and five, and thirteenth article treaty twenty-
second June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity for support of eight
horsemen, six hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity for education, per
second article treaty twentieth January, eight-
een hundred and twenty-five, and thirteenth
article treaty twenty-second .Tune, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, six thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity for support of black-
smith, per sixth article treaty eighteenth Oc-
tober, eighteen hundred and twenty, ninth
article treaty January twenty, eighteen hundred
and twenty-five, and thirteenth article treaty
twenty-second June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, six hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity for iron and steel,
per ninth article treaty fweutieth January,
eighteen hundred and twenty-five, and thir-
teenth article treaty tweuty-second June, eight-
een hundred and fifty-five, three hundred and
twenty dollars.
Forintereston five hundred thousand dollars,
at five per centum per annum, for education,
support ofthe Governm ent, and other beneficial
purposes, under the direction of the general
council of the Choctaws, in conformity with the
provisions contained in the tenth and thirteenth
articles of the treaty of twenty-second June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
To replace the sum taken from funds belong-
ing to Choctaws for expenses incident to the
negotiation of a treaty, by order of the United
States Government, seven thousand three hun-
dred and three dollars and five cents.
Confederated Tribes and Bands of Indians
in Middle Oregon. -
For fourth of five installments, second series,
for beneficial objects, at the discretion of the
President, per second article treaty twenty-fifth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty;five, six
thousand dollars.
For ninth of fifteen installments for pay and
subsistence of one farmer, one blacksmith, and
one wagon and plow maker, per fourth article
treaty twenty-fifth June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, two thousand four hundred dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for pay and
subsistence of one physician, one sawyer, one
miller, one superintendent of farming opera-
tions, and one school teacher, per fourth arti-
cle treaty twenty-fifth June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, four thousand six hundred dol-
lars.
For ninth of twenty installments for salary
of the head chief of said confederated bands,
per fourth article treaty twenty-fifth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hundred
dollars.
For this amount to be expended in the pur-
chase of teams, agricultural implements, seeds,
and other articles, in accordance with fifth arti-
cle of treaty of November fifteenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-five, three thousand five
hundred dollars.
Creeks.
For permanent annuity in money, per fourth
article treaty twenty-seventh August, seven-
teen hundred and ninety, and fifth article
treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per sec-
ond article treaty sixteenth June, eighteen
hundred and two, and fifth article treaty sev-
enth August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
three thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per fourth
article treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty
seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
twenty thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity for blacksmith and
assistant, and for shop and tools, per eighth
article treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty
seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifcy-six,
eight hundred and forty dollars.
For permanent annuity for iron and steel for
shop, per eighth article treaty twenty-fourth
January, eighteen hundred and twenty-six, and
fifth article treaty seventh August, eighteen
hundred andfifty-six, two hundred and seventy
dollars.
For permanent annuity for permanent an-
nuity for the pay of a wheelright, per eighth
article treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty
seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-
six, six hundred dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant and for_ shop
and tools, during the pleasure of the President,
per fifth article treaty fourteenth February,
eighteen hundred aud thirty-three, and fifth
article treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, eight hundred and forty dollars.
For iron and steel for shop, during the pleas-
ure of the President, per fifth article treaty
fourteenth February, eighteen hundred and
thirty-three, and fifth article treaty seventh
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, two
hundred and seventy dollars. .
For wagon-maker, during the pleasure of the
President, per fifth article treaty February four-
teenth, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, and
fifth article treaty August seventh, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, six hundred dollars.
For assistance in agricultural operations,
duringthe pleasure of the President, per eighth
article treaty January twenty-fourth, eighteen
hundred and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty
August seventh, eighteen hundred and fifty-
six,two thousand dollars.
For education, during the pleasure of the
President, per fifth article treaty February four-
teenth, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, and
fifth article treaty August seventh, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, one thousand dollars.
For five per centum interest on tsvo hundred
thousand dollars for purposes of education,
per sixth article treaty seventh August, eight-
een hundred and fifty-six, ten thousand dol-
lars.
For interest on seven hundred and seventy-
five thousand one hundred and sixty-eight dol-
lars, at the rate of five per centum per annum,
to be expended under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, thirty-eight thousand
seven hundred and fifty-eight dollars and forty
cents, under provisions of third article treaty
June fourteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six.
For transportation of such articles as maybe
purchased for the Creek nation, under treaty
of June fouiteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, two thousand dollars.
To defray the expenses of removing certain
refugee Creek Indians, now on the Red river,
to their old homes in the Creek country, and
to supply them with the necessaries of life until
such a time as they shall be able to raise crops
for their own support, four thousand dollars.
For expenses of taking a census and invest-
igating the claims of loyal Creeks, refugees, and
freedmen, as per article four, treaty of June
fourteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, two
thousand dollars: Provided, That no moneys
hereby appropriated to the Creek tribe of In-
dians shall be paid to them until such Creeks
as may have been properly enrolled by the
Creek agent previous to the fourteenth day of
March, anno Domini eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, and who were refused any share
in the moneys then distributed per capita under
orders from Louis V. Bogy, Commissioner [of]
Indian Affairs, for the reason that said persons
were of African descent, - shall first be paid
therefrom a per capita dividend equal to that
to which they were entitled in said payment of
March fourteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, and equal to that paid to other Creek
citizens at that time.
Crows.
F"or second of twenty installments for pay of
nineteen half breeds, in goods or money, at the
discretion of the President, fifty dollars each,
in accordance with seventh article of treaty of
July sixteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
nine hundred and fifty dollars.
For this amount to supply a deficiency in the
appropriation for pay of half breeds for the
current fiscal year, one hundred and fifty dol-
lars ; in accordance with same article of the
same treaty, one hundred and fifty dollars.
For this amount to be paid Pierre Chien for
I friendly services rendered by him to the Crow
Indians, two hundred dollars.
Delawares.
For life annuity to chief, per brivate article to
supplemental treaty twenty-fourth September,
eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, to treaty of
third October, eighteen hundred and eighteen,
one hundred dollars.
For interest on forty-six thousand and eighty
dollars, at five per centum, being the value of'
thirty-six sections of land set apart by treaty
of eighteen hundred and twenty-nine for educa-
tion, two thousand three hundred and four
dollars, per Senate resolution January nine-
teen, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight, and fifth
article treaty of May sixth, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six.
jy Wamish and other Allied Tribes in Vr ash-
inglon Territory.
For ninth installment on one hundred and
fifty thousand dollars, under the direction of
