1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
671
vate citizen is not impeached, when during the I
late war he had suffered in the cause ot' his
country, it does seem, sir, the most ungracious
Ret ever committed by Congress to turn him
out of office before the expiration of the term
for which he was appointed, and by that act,
unexplained, subject an honorable gentleman
to an implied censure.
I had thought that the gentleman from Ohio,
out of some consideration for the views and
opinions of the Ivepublican members as well
as the conservative members of Congress, of
the State of which Judge Gooding is a citizen,
would have allowed me to otVer an amendment
that this act should not take effect until the
termination of his term of office. The gen-
tleman thought proper to refuse all opportunity
of amendment, for, indeed, to allow Judge
Gooding to hold the office until the expira-
tion of his term would defeat the very pur-
pose of this bid. the act being aimed at him
alone.
The tenure-of-office bill has been held by the
majority of the Hoi^e to be a wise provision
of law, by giving some stability to official
positions, favorable, as gentlemen assume, to
the public service, and yet for the purpose of
reaching a comparatively unimportant office
the House is called upon to violate the princi-
ples of that bill, and strike at and ostracise a
brave and gallant soldier of the Republic.
Sir, I trust for the credit of this House this
will not be done. I trust the spectacle will
not be exhibited to the country of a House of
Representatives, to which the people are look-
ing with so much anxiety for important reforms,
exhausting its time over such matters as this—
the proscription of a soldier and a faithful
officer for the benefit of some applicant for
office—when the gravest and most solemn
duties that any Legislature ever had to en-
counter are pressing upon us.
One word more and I have done. I trust
this subject will not assume a partisan charac-
ter ; it certainly shall not from any word that
may drop from my lips. I am here rather to
defend the reputation before this House and
country of a citizen who is thus to be pro-
scribed than to utter any word of partisan
complaint. I know that gentlemen who are
acquainted with the reputation and character
of Judge Gooding will not consent that he
shall be singled out from all the various officers
of this country and made the object of spe-
cial congressional proscription. This House
owes it to its own honor to condemn this meas-
ure.
REDUCTION" Ot* TUB CURRENCY.
Mr. SCHENCIv. I rise to a privileged
question, and present the report of a commit-
tee of conference.
The report was read, as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments ot the
Senate to the bill of the House No. 213, to suspend
the further reduction of the currency, having met,
after full and free conference have agreed to recom-
mend, and do recommend, to their respective Houses
as follows:
That the S«nate recede from their amendment",
and agree to the bill of the House with an amend-
ment. as follows:
Add to the =aid bill of the House the words "and
nothing herein contained shall prevent the cancel-
lation and destruction of mutilated United States
Dotes and the replacing of the same with notes of the
same character and amount."
And the House agree to the same.
ROBERT 0. SCnENCK,
8AMVlib IIOUPER.
WILLIAM !•:. NIBLAfiK,
Manager* on the part of the House,
A. G. CATTELL,
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
0. P. MORTON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think there is no diffi-
culty in understanding the agreement to which
we have come. I therefore call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote last taken ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARSHAL VOll DISTRICT OF COI.UMIUA.
The House then resumed the consideration
of House bill No. 288, to provide for the ap-
pointment of marshal for the District of Colum-
bia : upon which Mr. Lawrence, of Ohio, was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I now yield
five minutes of my time to the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Mullixs.]
Mr. MULLINS. Mr. Speaker, five min-
utes is a very short time in which to meet the
array of gentlemen on the other side who have
pitched into our ''bread audbatter." [Laugh-
ter.]
Now, Mr. Speaker, I rise merely for the
purpose of saying a few words in advocacy of
the passage of this bill upon its intrinsic
merits, regardless of what may be said about
the majority party in this Congress being a
"bread-and-butter" party. Of all the parties
that ever existed on the Continent of America,
the party represented by gentlemen on the
other side has, God knows, the least apology
for accusing any other party of being a " bread-
and-butter party." Why, it has never been
regarded in any other light; and we see an ex-
emplification of its instincts in the manner in
which its members lick at the '^pillar of salt"
up here at the other end of tlTe avenue—not
Lot's wife, but the great "lam." [Laughter.]
They all go like the rat to the cheese, and
nibbleat him, so voracious are they for "bread
and butter." And they have got their " bread
and butter" at the expense of the people of
this country until now thei? cakes, like those
of Ephraim, are one side raw and the other
burnt. [Laughter.] And I am sorry to say
there is more blood in this matter than butter.
Now, sir, this officer here is unmistakably
an officer of the court, and why should the
President checkmate the court? Gentlemen
speak of this " little, petty court." A few days
ago, when we had before us another bill re-
lating to the judiciary, the cry was different.
In that bill we proposed to reach out our arms
to save the life of the Government still imper-
iled. Gentlemen on the other side objected
to that measure, contending that the Constitu-
tion does not allow us to defend the life of
the Government. But, sir, the great law of
self-preservation lies, thank God, deeper than
the Constitution, and justifies any measures
necessary for the preservation of the Govern-
ment. This is a struggle for self-government,
bread and butter to the contrary notwithstand-
ing. [Laughter.]
When Mr. Fillmore went out of office there
were $47,000,000 in the Treasury; and when
Pierce came into power the great " bread-and-
butter" party, represented by gentlemen on
the other side, succeeded in reducing it to
$17,000,000. Then when Mr. Buchanan came
into power his Administration succeeded in
using up, in the way of "bread and butter,"
not only that $17,000,000, but $87,000,000 of
borrowed capital. Have gentlemen on the
other side forgotten the declaration of an indi-
vidual formerly living in the South, but who
has long since paid the debt of nature, that
their party was held together by "the cohesive
power of public plunder?'' That sentiment of
John C. Calhoun stands on record to-day.
Though he is dead his works live after him.
Look at the condition of the country. It is
hung in mourning. And yet the cry about
"bread and butter" comes from the party
which, following the teachings of Calhoun,
brought on the rebellion which has deluged
this land in blood. And the country is not
yet out of peril: but we will save it, "bread
and butter" to the contrary notwithstanding.
We will have roast beef and two dollars a
day. friend Stevens. [Laughter.] And it
shall be none of your poor beef—not a bit of
j I it; and it shall not be that beef which is dried
11 on foot. Nor shall we have India-rubber bis-
cuit. We shall have the pure brown bread
and roast beef from the fattest cattle.
This bill proposes to declare that the mar-
shal of this District shall be appointed by the
supreme court of the District. If there is any-
! thing wrong in this measure let gentlemen tell
, what it is. Let them not complain about
" bread and butter" and say that we are going
about smelling into holes lor the purpose of
finding " bread and butter." God knows that
of all the offensive holes there ever were in the
world this "conservative" hole is the worst.
Anybody can smell it without a nose. [Laugh-
ter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I now yield
three minutes to the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Julian". ]
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, there are two
or three facts which I desirS to state, and in
the light of which this bill should be judged.
In the first place, the officer against whom it is
aimed is not charged with any misconduct or
negligence in office. The gentleman repre-
senting the Judiciary Committee so admits,
and no pretense to the contrary is set up. In
the next place, this officer during the late war
zealously espoused the cause of the Union,
rendered that cause some valuable service,
and in doing so separated himself from the
party with which he had acted and its treason-
able policy. For this he should not be pun-
ished. Finally, although his subsequent con-
duct in deserting the Republican cause and
i espousing that of the President is bad enough,
! and can find no defender or apologist in me,
! yet for this we have already punished him by
the action of the last Congress, cutting down
his emoluments to the lowest figure.
I agree, sir, with the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] that these officers
ought as a general rule to be appointed by the
courts ; and if a bill had been reported making
this policy universal throughout the county,
as a matter of principle, I would have raised
no question on its passage. But this is not
proposed. Most certainly it ought to be, if
the purpose of this bill is defensible.
This one case is singled out here as the sole
object of the Judiciary Committee, and with-
out any reason for their action that I can per-
ceive. Some of the members of the committee
have frankly said to me that they regard the
bill as a tolerably small specimen of legislation.
| It seems so to me; and while I am always
i inclined to question my own rectitude when I
[ find myself mustering in the company of gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House, and am
known here and everywhere as a most pro-
nounced Radical, yet I really doubt the pro-
priety of doing so small a business here as the
enactment of this bill. There is larger work
before us, and great need of its performance.
Mr. ORTH. I wish the gentleman from Ohio
to yield to me for one minute.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Not now. Mr.
Speaker, I do not desire to occupy any consid-
erable time in the closing remarks upon this
subject.
It seems to me that this bill has been strangely
misunderstood. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Julian] who last addressed the House,
and the other gentleman from Indiana on my
left, [Mr. Hoi.man,] have conceded that the
I general policy of authorizing courts to appoint
their own officers is a wise one. This bill pro-
poses, as to one of the courts, to carry out that
policy. Their objection is not to the policy
of the bill, but that it does not accomplish for
! all the courts what it proposes to accomplish
for one. 1 submit if the policy be good for all
' of the courts it is good for the court in this
I District. "When gentlemen concede the wis-
j dom of the general policy proposed by this bill,
I cannot comprehend the force of the objec-
tion that it does not accomplish all it might.
Let us pass this bill and adopt this policy as
| to one of the courts, and if it is found to work
j well it may be extended to other courts.
I But it is said by the gentleman from Illinois
