672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
[Mr. Marshall] that this is a proposition to
turn a gentleman out and turn a partisan in.
I suppose, as a general thing, the men who
hold office in this country belong to, or, more j
properly, act with some political party. I
submit "it is no worse to turn a partisan in than
to get a partisan out. Whoever will till this
place will belong to some political party, and
the only question for us to decide is, what is
the proper mode of appointment? Should it
rest witn the President or with the court ?
Mr. Speaker, it is not suggested anywhere
that there is any constitutional objection to
this bill. On the contrary, we find that it is
provided in the Constitution as tollows:
"But the Congress may by law ve?t the appoint-
ment of such interior officers as they thiuk proper
in the President alone, in the courts of law, or in the
heads of Departments."
The framers of.the Constitution foresaw that
if all officers were to be appointed by the
President it would clothe him with an immense
power, which might be wielded for political
purposes, and never could be exercised with a
personal knowledge of the merits or qualifi-
cations of those whom he might be asked to
appoint. To avoid these evils it was wisely left
to Congress to distribute the appointing power
so that it could be more understanding^ exer-
cised, less liable to the fluctuations and changes
of political parties, and made more conducive to
the public interests. Heretofore the power of
appointing the marshal has been in the Presi-
dent of the United States. I asked the gen-
tleman from Illinois whether, from the very
nature of the case and with the multiplied
duties devolving upon the President ot the
United States, it was possible he could so well
judge of the qualifications and claims of appli-
cants for offices like this as could the courts of
which they are officers ? He made no answer
to that question at all, and it is not pretended
by any gentleman on this floor that the Presi-
dent can as well judge of men who ought to be
appointed as the court themselves. I say, then,
Mr. Speaker, that the object of the bill is to
settle a policy right in itself in this regard, a
policy against which no gentleman has dared
to rise in his place and utter one word.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman yield to me to ask him a question?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Certainly. .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is not the
object of this bill to put one man out and
another man in? Is not that the purpose?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The object of
the bill is to confer upon the court the power
of appointment. The present incumbent may
be an applicant for appointment if he desires.
His qualifications are perfectly well understood
by the court, and if his relations to the court
and his merits give him superior claims to any
other I do not see why he may not be reap-
pointed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Do I un-
derstand the gentleman to say that the present
marshal is satisfactory to the court?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I say nothing
upon that subject; I know nothing about it. I
have heard no allegation against him by any
member of the court. I wish to say this as a
matter of justice to the court and to the mar-
shal. I have no personal acquaintance with
this officer, and can entertain no prejudice or
feelings of disrespect toward him. I make no
allegation against him, for I have none to
make. I do not rest the merits of this bill
upon the ground that it is expedient to turn
any one out or put any one in, but on the
ground of policy. If you pass this bill its prin-
ciple may then be extended to other cases.
The court ought to have the privilege of select-
ing officers of their own choice, in all respects
acceptable to the judges, when no public neces-
sity exists for a different course.
And now, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Marshall] tells us that the mar-
shal of the District occupies certain social and
personal relations with the President; that
usage has made it his duty to ■ be present at
receptions and r nder such aid as he may to
the President on occasions like that. Sir,
there is 110 law which makes that any part of
his duty. I believe it is perfectly well under-
stood that that duty has been performed not
only by the marshal of the District, but by the
late Commissioner of Public Buildings and
Grounds; and the President can select any
gentleman, official or otherwise, to perform
that duty. There is no special reason or pro-
priety indevolving that duty upon the marshal
of the District. The relations of the marshal
with the court are both official and personal,
and these render it extremely proper, both for
the marshal and the court, that the most perfect
accord should exist between them. How this
may be now I do not know or care, nor do I
make any allegations upon the subject. I put
this measure entirely upon other grounds.
It is alleged that this is a partisan measure.
I submit to the House that this is one meas-
ure, at least, which is not partisan, but which
seeks to remove from partisan politics the ap-
pointment of officers. Why, sir, what is the
position of the gentleman from Illinois and
those who oppose this bill ? It is that the
'appointments of the Government shall be con-
solidated in the hands of the President. I say
that our policy is to distribute these appoint-
ments so that we may not concentrate all power
in the hands of one man. We all know that
the political wfceel in its revolutions turns one
President out and puts another in, and that if
all appointments are in the hands of the Pres-
ident we are more likely to have periodically
a grand sweep of all officers upon purely par-
tisan grounds than we can have if the appoint- ,
ments are distributed among the courts and
heads of the Departments, and in those hands
to which Congress may, by the Constitution,
assign appointments. The necessary tendency
and effect of this bill will be to destroy the
theory of partisan appointments, and by dis-
tributing them in various hands to remove
from the appointing power the temptation to
make changes merely for partisan purposes.
The courts of the country, it is to be hoped,
will be influenced less by partisan eonsiderations
than Presidents have been for the last thirty
years.
It is said that this bill will turn a soldier
out. I have already said that the bill will not
necessarily do any such thing. Byit if it shall
turn an equally or vastly more meritorious sol-
dier in, there can be no ground of complaint
on that score. I know no reason why any
! | gentleman should lay continued claim to office
!; to the exclusion of other soldiers equally merit-
i orious with himself.
And now, sir, has any gentleman given any
reason for continuing this appointing power
with the President?
Sir, the great danger of the Republic lies in
the overshadowing power and patronage of the
executive branch of the Government. We
have seen great intellects yielding to the love
of office, and sacrificing principle to hold on
to place. We have seen this one-man power
of appointment reaching out into every portion
of our wide domain, corrupting all who were
base enough to betray principle, country, and
all its interests to gain or hold official position,
and attempting to strike down the power of the
people whose will should be' the supreme law.
This, sir, is at war with the fundamental
principles of our Government. A similar power
on any large scale is utterly unknown in the
States. The people would not tolerate it, there
for a day. Unless this gigantic power in the
national Government be shorn of its strength,
as it will be in part by distributing it in many
hands, it may yet prove that ours is a Republic
only in name if it does not accomplish our
overthrow. I hope the bill will pass.
I now ask that the vote be taken.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I ask the gentleman
to yield to me a few moments.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I yield to my
colleague on the committee the remaining five
minutes of my time.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, as I
voted in the committee in favor of this bill, and
as I voted for a bill of a similar character at
the last session of Congress, 1 desire in a
moment to give the reasons why I did so vote.
I did not cast my vote for this proposition
because I desired to take these appointments
from the President. I did not cast my vote for
it because I am dissatisfied with the present
marshal of this district. He was an ardent
friend of President Lincoln, and he was a
Republican, as I understand, of activity and
influence in the State of Indiana. W hat his
politics are now I do not know, but as I do not
much believe in falling from grace I presume
ho is a Republican still. But, sir, I voted for
this bill in the committee simply upon the
principle that these officers were officers of the
court, and that as such their appointment
should be with the judges of the court. If one
man has the appointing power independent of
the court, then, without reference to politics, a
person may hold the office beyond and outside
of the control of the court, and hence the duties
of his office are liable to be improperly per-
formed.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me a single question? I desire to know if the
grounds of the gentleman's action are sufficient
to sustain it. Why does he not favor a bill
proposing to confer upon all the Federal courts
the power to appoint their marshals? Why
apply the rule to a single officer?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Because the Federal
courts are differently constituted from the
courts in this District, and the officers in the
Federal courts that are analogous to the mar-
shal of this District have duties to perform that
are very different from those performed by the
marshal. He is appointed to execute the pro-
cesses of the court, and the jailor is also
appointed to execute those duties which are
under the direction of the court. Hence I
say that they, being simply the officers of the
! court, should be appointed by that body whose
servants they are.
There is nothing partisan in this matter, and
there is certainly nothing unconstitutional in
it, because by the terms of the Constitution we
have a right to confer these appointments upon
these judicial tribunals which are established
under the laws of the United States. I believe
it would be better to pass this bill. I believe
that public duties devolving upon these officers
would be better performed by passing it_; and
I certainly desire here to divest myself, in the
opinion of gentlemen around me, of any sort
of partisan policy or political motive in the
views which Igive respecting the bill, and of the
right of the President to appoint these officers.
It seems the President would agree with me
on this subject. Presidents change—change
with the will of the people. Courts do not,
except as they are changed by death or resig-
nation ; they have no political motives to gov-
ern their course; they are actuated merely by
a sense of their duty ; and I have no doubt that
it would be wiser and better for these officers
to be appointed by the courts whose servants
they are than to be appointed by the President,
or by anybody else, where they may be put in
and put out merely upon political grounds.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ORTH. Believing that this bill ought
not to pass, I move to lay it on the table.
The question was put; and there were
ayes 72, noes 52.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Orth
and Lawrence of Ohio were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 72, noes 45.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 61, not voting
42; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Adams, Allison, Arnell, Axtell,
