558
APPENDIX TO THE. CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
[July 21,
40tii Cong....2d Sbss.
Laws of the United Skates.
dred and twenty-nine, sixteen thousand doi
lars.
For life annuity to chief, per third article
treaty twentieth October, eighteen hundred
and thirty-two, two hundred dollars.
For life annuity to chiefs, per third article
treaty twenty-sixth September, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-three, seven hundred dollars :
Provided, Satisfactory evidence shall be shown
to the Secretary of the Interior that the chief
or chiefs provided for by said articles are still
living.
For permanent provision for the payment of
money in lieu of tobacco, iron, and steel, per
second article treaty twentieth September,
eighteen hundred and twetity-eigh't, and tenth
article of the treaty of fifth and seventeenth
June, eighteen hundred and forty-six, three
hundred dollars.
For permanent provision for three black-
smiths and assistants, and for iron and steel
for shops, per third article treaty sixteenth
October, eighteen hundred and twenty-six,
second article treaty twentieth September,
eighteen hundred and twenty-eight, and sec-
ond article treaty twenty-ninth July, eighteen
hundred and twenty-nine, two thousand eight
hundred and twenty dollars.
For permanent provision for fifty barrels of
salt, per second article of treaty twenty-ninth
July, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, four
hundred and thirty-seven dollars and fifty cents.
For interest on six hundred and forty-three
thousand dollars, at five per centum, per sev-
enth article of the treaty of the fifth and sev-
enteenth June, eighteen hundred and forty-
six, thirty-two thousand one hundred and fifty
dollars.
For this amount, to be charged to the Pot-
tawatomie fund, to enable the President of the
United States to carry out the provisions of
the third article treaty of November fifteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, with the Pot-
tawatomie Indians,_ as modified by the treaty
of March twenty-ninth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six," by'paying to those six hundred mem-
bers of the tribe who have elected to become
citizens in accordance with said article the
proportion of the cash value of the Pottawat-
omie annuities to which they are entitled,
three" hundred and seventeen thousand six
hundred and fifty-five dollars and ninety-six
cents, or so rhuch thereof as may be neces-
sary to comply with the provisions of said
treaties ; of which amount one hundred and
ten thousand and ninety-one dollars and sev-
enty-four cents, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, is hereby appropriated, in coin, as
contemplated in treaties of November fifteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and March
twenty-ninth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six;
and the Secretary of the Interior is hereby
authorized to sell six hundred twenty-one hun-
dred and eightieth parts of the several classes
of bonds held by him in trust for said Potta-
watomie Indians, and pay the proceeds thereof
without any deduction in compliance with the
provisions of said treaties, it being the share
of the above-mentioned six hundred persons
in the bonds belonging to said Indians.
Pottaioatomies of Huron.
For permanent annuity in money or other-
wise, per second article treaty of seventeenth
November, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,
four hundred -dollars.
Quapaxvs.
For education, during the pleasure of the
President, per third article treaty thirteenth
May, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, one
thousand dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, and tools, iron
aud steel for shop, during the pleasure of the
President, per third article treaty thirteenth
May, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, .one
thousand [and] sixty dollars.
For farmer, daring the pleasure of the
President, per third article treaty thirteenth
May, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, six
hundred dollars: Provided, That this sum of
six huudred dollars, together with any unex-
pended balance heretofore appropriated for
the employment of a farmer, may be used' in
the purchase of such articles of food and cloth-
ing as may be thought necessary in the discre-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior.
■ Qui-nai-elt and Quil-leh-ute Indians.
For the third of four installments on twenty-
five thousand dollars (being the fourth series)
for beneficial objects, under the direction of
the President, per fourth article treaty first of
July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thou-
sand three hundred dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for the sup-
port of an agricultural and industrial school,
and for pay of suitable instructors, per tenth
article treaty first July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for smith
and carpenter shop, and to provide the neces-
sary tools therefor, per tenth article treaty first
July, eighteen -hundred and fifty-five, five hun-
dred dollars.
For -ninth of twenty installments for the
employment of a blacksmith, carpenter, and
- farmer, and a physician, who shall furnish
medicines for the sick, per tenth article treaty
first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three
thousand five hundred dollars.
Rogue IUvers.
For fifteenth of sixteen installments in
blankets, clothing, farming utensils, and stock,
-per third article treaty tenth September, eight-
een hundred and fifty-three, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
Sacs and Foxes of Mississippi.
For permanent annuity in goods or other-
wise, per third article treaty third November,
eighteen hundred and four, one thousand dol-
lars.
For interest on two hundred thousand dol-
lars, at five per centum, per second article
treaty twenty-first October, eighteen hundred
and thirty-seven, ten thousand dollars.
For interest on eight hundred thousand dol-
lars, at five per centum, per second article
treaty eleventh October, eighteen hundred and
forty-two, forty thousand dollars.
Sacs and Foxes of Missouri.
For interest on one hundred and fifty-seven
thousand four hundred dollars, at five per
centum, under the direction of the President,
per second article treaty twenty-first October,
eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, seven thou-
sand eight hundred and seventy dollars.
Seminoles.
For five per centum interest on two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars, to be paid as an-
nuity, per eighth article treaty seventh August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, twelve thousand
five huudred dollars.
For interest on two hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars, at five per centum, to be paid as
annuity, (they having joined their brethren
west,) per eighth article treaty seventh August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, twelve thousand
five hundred dollars.
For interest on fifty thousand dollars, at the .
rate of five per centum j)er annum, "to be paid
annually for the support of schools." as per
third article treaty of March twenty-first, eight-
een hundred and sixty-six, twenty-five hundred
dollars.
For interest on twenty thousand dollars, at
the rateof five per centum per annum, " to be
paid annually" for the support of <he Seminole
government, as per third article treaty of March
twenty-first, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
one thousand dollars.
To supply a deficiency in appropriation for
subsisting Seminole Indians, thirty-one thou-
sand and eighty-tbree dollars and seventy-nine
cents; which amount shall be deducted from
any money or funds belonging to said tribe of
Indians. . •
To supply a deficiency in appropriation to
pay expenses of commission to investigate
the losses of loyal Seminole Indians, two thou-
sand'three hundred and sixteen dollars and
nineteen cents.
Senecas.
For permanent annuity in "specie, per fourth
article treaty twenty-ninth September, eight-
een hundred and seventeen, five hundred dol-
lars.
For permanent annuity in specie, per fourth
article treaty seventeenth September, eighteen
hundred and eighteen, five hundred dollars.
Senecas of New York.
For permanent annuity, in lieu of interest
on stock, per act of ninete'enth February,
eighteen huudred and thirty-one, six thousand
dollars.
For interest, in lieu of investment, on sev-
enty-five thousand dollars, at five per centum,
per act of twenty-seventh June, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-six, three thousand seven hun-
dred and-fifty dollars.
Forinterest, atfive per centum, on forty-three
thousand and fifty dollars, transferred from
Ontario Bank to the United States Treasury,
per act of twenty-seventh June, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-six, two thousand one hundred
and fifty-two dollars and fifty cents.
Senecas and Shaivnees.
For permanent annuity, in specie, per fourth
article treaty seventeenth September, eighteen
hundred and eighteen, one thousand dollars.-
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and
tools, and iron and steel for shop, during the
pleasure of the President, per fourth article
treaty twentieth July, eighteen hundred and
thirty-one, one thousand and sixty dollars.
Shatonees.
For permanent annuity for educational pur-
poses, per fourth article treaty third August,
seventeen hundred and ninety-five, and third
article treaty tenth May, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, one thousand dollars.
For interest, at five per centum, on forty
thousand dollars, for educational purposes, per
third article treaty tenth May, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
_ .For permanent annuity, in specie, for educa-
tional purposes, per fourth article treaty twenty-
ninth September, eighteen hundred a,nd seven-
teen, and third article treaty tenth May, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
Shoshones—Western Bands.
For fifth-of twenty installments, to be ex-
pended, under the direction of the President,
in the purchase of such articles as he may deem
suitable to their wants, either as hunters or
herdsmen, per seventh article treaty October
first, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, five
thousand dollars.
Eastern Bands.
For fifth of twenty installments, to be ex-
pended, under the direction of the President,
m the purchase of such articles as he may deem
suitable to their wants, either as hunters or
herdsmen, per fifth article treaty July second,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, ten thousand
dollars.
Northwestern Bands.
For filth of twenty installments, to be ex-
pended, under the direction of the President,
in the purchase of such articles as he may deem
suitable to their wants, either as hunters or
herdsmen, per third article treaty July thirty,
eighteen huudred and sixty-three, five thousand
dollars.
GusMp Bands.
For fifth of twenty installments, to be ex-
pended, under the direction of the President,
