560
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July-2?,
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
For fourteenth of twenty installments for the
pay of a teacher and purchase of books and
stationery, per sixth article treaty twenty-ninth
November, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
one thousand dollars.
For Indians upon the Siletz reservation,
Oregon, to provide agricultural implements,
seeds, cattle, and so forih, to compensate them
for losses sustained by reason of executive
proclamation taking from them that portion
of their reservation called Yaquina Bay, six
thousand dollars.
Walla- Walla, Cayuse, and Umatilla Tribes.
For fourth of five installments of second
series, to be expended" under the direction of
the President, per second article treaty ninth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, six
thousand dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for the pur-
chase of all necessary mill fixtures and me-
chanical tools, medicines, and hospital stores,
books, and stationery for schools, and furni-
ture for the employes, per fourth article treaty
ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-two,
two thousand dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for the pay
and subsistence of one superintendent of farm-
ing operations, one farmer, two millers, one
blacksmith, one wagon and plow maker, one
carpenter and joiner, one physician, and two
teachers, per fourth article treaty ninth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eight thousand
dollars.
For ninth' of twenty installments for pay of
each of the head chiefs of the Walla-Walla,
Cayuse, and Umatilla bands, the sum of five
hundred dollars per annum, per fifth article
treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for salary
for the son of Pio-pio-mox-mox, per fifth arti-
cle treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, one hundred dollars.
Winnebagoes.
For interest on one million dollars at five
per centum, per fourth article treaty first No-
vember, eighteen hundred and thirty-seven,
and joint resolution July seventeen, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, fifty thousand dollars.
For twenty-second of thirty installments of
interest on eighty-five thousand dollars at five
per centum, per fourth article treaty thirteenth
October, eighteen hundred and forty-six, four
thousand two hundred and fifty dollars.
Wall-Pah-Pe Tribe of Snake Indians.
For second of five installments, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the President,
as per seventh article treaty of August twelfth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, two thousand
dollars.
Yakama Nation.
For fourth of five installments of second
series for beneficial objects, per fourth article
treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty -
five, eight thousand dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for the sup-
port of two schools, one of which is to be an
agricultural and industrial school; keeping in
repair school buildings, and for providing suit-
able furniture, books, and stationery, per fifth
article treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of one superintendent of teaching
and two teachers, per fifth article treaty ninth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, fifteen
hundred dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of one superintendent of farming and
two farmers, two millers, two blacksmiths, one
tinner, one gunsmith, one carpenter, and one
wagon and plow maker, per fifth article treaty
ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
eight thousand dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for keeping
in repair saw and flouring mills, and for fur-
nishingthe necessary tools and fixtures, per
fifth article treaty ninth June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for keeping
in repairthe hospital, and providing the neces-
sary medicines and fixtures therefor, per fifth
article treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for keeping
in repair blacksmith's, tinsmith's, gunsmith's,
carpenter's and wagon and plow maker's shops,
and for providing necessary tools therefor, per
fifth article treaty June ninth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for the pay
of a physician, per fifth article treaty ninth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one
thousand four hundred dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for keeping
in repair the buildings required for the various
employes, and for providing the necessary fur-
niture therefor, per fifth article treaty ninth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three
hundred dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for the
salary of such person as the said confederated
tribes and bands of Indians may select to be
their head chief, per fifth article treaty ninth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hun-
dred dollars.
Yancton Tribe of Sioux.
For last of ten installments to be paid to
them or expended for their benefit, commenc-
ing with the year in which they shall remove
to and settle and reside upon their reservation,
per fourth article treaty nineteenth April, eight-
een hundred and fifty-eight, sixty-five thou-
sand dollars.
General Incidental Expenses of the Indian
Service—Arizona.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in the Territory of Arizona,
presents of goods, agricultural implements,
and other useful articles, and to assist them to
locate in permanent abodes, and sustain them-
selves by the pursuits of civilized life, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, fifty thousand dollars.
California.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in California, including travel-
ing expenses of the superintending agent, five
thousand dollars.
Colorado Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Colorado Territory, presents
of goods, agricultural implements, and other
useful articles, and to assist them to locate in
permanent abodes, and sustain themselves by
the pursuits of civilized life, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, twenty-five thousand dollars.
Dakota Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Dakota Territory, presents
of goods, agricultural implements, and other
useful articles, and to assist them to locate in
permanent abodes, and sustain themselves by
the pursuits of civilized life, to be expended
under the [direction] of the Secretary of the
Interior, fifteen thousand dollars.
Idaho Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Idaho Territory, presents of
goods, agricultural implements, and other use-
ful articles, and to assist to locate in perma-
nent abodes, and sustain themselves by the
pursuits of civilized life, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For amount found due to the United States,
on the settlement of accounts of Caleb Lyon,
late Governor, and so forth, of Idaho, claimed
by him to have been stolen, forty-six thousand
four hundred and eighteen dollars and forty
cents, to be appropriated to the Indian^ to
whom the'funds in the hands of the said Lyon
belonged at the time of the loss.
Montana Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Montana Territory, presents-
of goods, agricultural implements, and other
useful articles, and to assist them to locate in
permanent abodes, and sustain themselves by.
the pursuits of civilized life, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, fifteen thousand dollars.
Nevada.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Nevada, presents of goods,
agricultural implements, and other useful arti-
cles, and to assist them to locate in permanent
abodes, and sustain themselves by the pursuits
of civilized life, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
twenty thousand dollars.
New Mexico.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in New Mexico, presents of
goods, agricultural implements, and other use-
ful articles, and to assist them to locate in
permanent abodes and sustain themselves by
the pursuits of civilized life, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, forty thousand dollars.
Oregon and Washington Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Oregon and Washington
Territory, including insurance and transport-
ation of annuity goods and presents, (where
no special provision therefor is made by
treaties,) and office and traveling expenses of
the superintendent, agents, and sub-agents, -
thirty-five thousand five hundred dollars.
Utah Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the :
Indian service in Utah Territory, presents of
goods, agricultural implements, and other use-
ful articles, and to assist them to locate in
permanent abodes, and sustain themselves by
the pursuits of civilized life, to be expended ;
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, twenty thousand dollars.
For the transportation and necessary ex-
penses of delivery of provisions to the Indians
within the Utah superintendency, five thousand
dollars.
For this amount to carry out the action con-
templated by act of Congress, approved May
fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, entitled
"An act to vacate and sell the present Indian
reservation in Utah Territory, and to settle
said Indians in Uintah valley," five thousand :
dollars.
MISCELLANEOUS.
For the expenses of colonizing, supporting,
and furnishing agricultural implements and
stock, pay of necessary employes, purchasing
clothing, medicine, iron and steel, mainte-
nance of schools for Indians lately residing
in Texas, but now residing on the Choctaw
leasehold, to be expended under direction of
the Secretary of the Interior, eleven thousand
dollars.
For the Wichitas and other Affiliated Bands.
For the expenses of colonizing, supporting,
and furnishing said bands with agricultural
implements and stock, pay of necessary em-
ployes, purchase of clothing, medicines, iron
and steel, and maintenance of schools, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary. ■.
of the Interior, fifteen thousand dollars. j
California. |
For the purchase of cattle for beef and milk, i
together with clothing and food, teams and ;
