076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
the great body of the manufacturing industry
of the country from internal taxation.
Of course when I was acting on the confer-
ence I acted for the Senate, hut as an individ-
ual member of the body I think that this is the
best solution of the question. I think it is bet-
ter for us at once to relieve the production of
cotton not only from all tax but from all
threats of future taxation. I believe that this
would be a mere empty threat, that the tax
suspended for one year would never be renewed.
Why, then, continue to hang such a threat over
the industry of the South and prevent the peo-
ple from embarking in this enterprise? I do
not wish to discuss it, because enough has been
already said. I have no doubt the Senate is
ready to express its decision.
Mr. CONKLING. It is proper, perhaps, to
state that the managers on the part of the Sen-
ate did not forget the obvious answer to this
argument made on the part of the House. The
House managers did remind us that the papers
had informed us that the expectation was to
emancipate industry generally, to take away
the taxation from manufactured articles as a
general rule. In answer to that we stated that
if the event should prove so, if, when the gen-
eral revenue measure was brought forward, such
a general reduction could and should be made,
it was a matter of course that the cdtton tax
■would go with it; and that any argument which
went to show that we could dispense with it
once for all would prove practically that the
whole point was gained by taking at this mo-
ment a suspension for a single year, it being
certain, in the event they supposed of a gen-
eral reduction of the taxes, that it would never
be resumed. It seems to me that that argu-
ment very fully met the position ; and that, if
it be true, as I hope it is, that the Ways and
Means Committee of the two Houses will be
able to reduce the taxes so generally as they
propose, and entirely to emancipate, as I hope
they will, all manufactures from taxation, then
the whole point as to cotton is gained; for
every Senator can see that under such circum-
stances the tax will not be restored or enforced
again.
Mr. CONNESS. As I shall now vote for
the instructions that are asked for by the chair-
man of the committee, and I voted heretofore
against the House bill, I feel disposed to say
one word in explanation of my course. I
voted against the House bill because I believed
it was the duty of the Finance Committees of
the two Houses to enter upon a general sys-
tem of reduction of taxation, and to include
the cotton question in that general reduction.
We advance in the session and that is not
done. If this tax is to be reduced at all, as
has been properly stated in the debate, it should
be done soon. We now have the assurance
of the committees that they contemplate a
general reduction of internal taxes upon the
productive industry and manufactures of the
country. I would have been better pleased if
the honorable chairman had been prepared to
say that the committees would ent'Tupon that
work at once, in place of having said, as he
has, that before the session is over they will
do it. There is, in my opinion, no one sub- \
ject that demands such immediate attention
from both Houses of Congress as the reduc- j
tion of the internal taxation now oppressing j
the industries of this country. But, sir, I fed
disposed not to prolong by my vote this dispu-
tation ; I merely state these as my reasons for
the vote I shall give.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to have the
pending, motion read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Ohio willbe read.
The Secretary read as follows :
Revolved, That theSenato agree to the further con-
ference asked by the House of Representatives on
the disagreeing votes of the two Hoeses on bill (ii.
K. No. 207J to exempt cotton from internal tax, and
th t the conferees on the part of the Senate be in-
structed to recede from the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the said bill, and to agree to am amendment to
the bill which shall provide for the importation of
ootton frse pf duty.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to have the
resolution worded differently, that the commit-
tee be instructed to recede from the amend-
ments of the Senate, except that amendment
which relates to imported cotton. That amend-
ment with regard to imported cotton is very
happily expressed, and I do not like to lose it
and take the chance of what may come.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not care in what
form it is put; the Senator can have it in any
form he pleases, that is, the effect of it. I
made the motion verbally and the Secretary
has pnt it in writing in the form read.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senate is prepared
to recede from its main amendment to the bill
on condition that the amendment removing the
duty from imported cotton is retained what is
the use of having another committee of con-
ference? Why not take that action at once
ourselves?
Mr. SHERMAN. I thought so at first, but
we have no power to amend our amendment.
I am so informed by the Chief Clerk, and on
looking at the rules 1 find he is correct.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I wish tbe Senator
would vary his motion so as to recede from the
Senate amendments, except the amendment
which relates to imported cotton. That is
much more important than is generally sup-
posed, and I think the amendment is very
happily worded.
Mr. SHERMAN. I Have no objection to
that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion of the Senator from Ohio, as modified,
will be read.
The Secretary read as follows :
Resolved, That the Senate agree to the farther con-
ference asked by the House of Representatives on
the disagreeing rotes of the two Houses on the bill
(H. It. No. 2U7) to provide for the exemption of cot-
ton from internal tax, and that the conferees on the
part of the Senate be instructed to recede from the
amendments of the Senate to the said bill, except
that part of the amendments which related to im-
ported cotton.
Mr. MORTON. These apparently harmless
instructions that are moved by the chairman
of the committee require the Senate to aban-
don its entire policy upon this subject, and to
agree that in the future for all time there shall
be no tax upon eotton. I do not intend to go
into a discussion of the question, but I move to
amend the instructions which have been pro-
posed by substituting for them a direction that
the conferees agree to a provision for a suspen-
sion of the entire tax on cotton during the year
1SGS, and that the tax thereafter be one cent
per pouud.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator was not in,
I think, and did not hear the statement made
by the Senator from New York. He stated
that the conferees on the part of the Senate
made that proposition. It is scarcely worth
while to renew it.
Mr. MORTON. If the Senate is to yield its
point and its policy in order that there may be
an agreement that is an argument I shall not
attempt to answer. I propose to amend the
instructions in the way I have said, and on the
amendment I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken resulted—yeas 18, nays '23 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Cole, Conkling, Cragin, Drake,
Edmunds, Ferry, Fessenden, Harlan, Howard, Howe,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Kam-
sey, .Sumner, 'Thayer, Tipton, and Wade—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buekalew, Cat-
tell, Couness,Davis, ihxon.ijoolittle, Frclinghuysen,
Grimes, Hendricks, Johnson, Morgan, Norton, Pat-
terson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Sheridan, SpraRue,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey, Williams, and Wil-
son—i£i.
ABSENT —Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Corbett,
Fowler, Guthrie, Henderson, Nye, Patterson of New
Hampshire, ltoss, Haulsbury, Stewart, and Yates—12.
So the amendment was rejected.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is now on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. HOWE. I am not going to occupy the
time of the Senate in opposing this motion,
but I am going_ to vote against it. I think
the proposed action illustrates the fatality that
is apt to attend legislation when under the
control of sympathy. I recollect this bill was
j brought in here very early in the session, and
was urged upon our immediate attention upon
the ground that for want of such a measure of
relief our erring brethren down South were
starving to death, and therefore we must hurry
to take off the tax on cotton to save life; and
their poverty and their destitution were bran-
! dished in our faces until I began to feel a little
sick at the stomach myself, and began to think
there was or might be an urgent occasion for
relief. The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] took occasion toward the close of
the debate to urge that view of the case upon
us, but he dropped some remarks in the course
of his observations which led me to think
at the time, and I believe it was mentioned
by some one, that, after all, the distress
mi^ht be in another quarter instead of that
which we had heard so much about; and now
the proposition seems to come down into sim-
ply this : that in order to relieve the producers
of cotton, who are starving to death down
there, we must enable the manufacturers of
cotton to buy without any duty or any tax ;
we must import it free and we must raise it
fr#e.
Now, that of itself is a proposition that I
like. I have said before, and 1 say it again, I
do not like these taxes that you impose upon
the industry of the country. The Senator from
Ohio encourages us to believe that measures
■ will be devised by which we can relieve the
country from all these taxes. If you wait until
J you present us such a measure you will find
i no man on this floor give it a more hearty or
j cordial support than I will; but why are we to
be asked now to pledge ourselves against all
taxes upon this one kind of production, a largo
portion of which, we have been told from the
beginning, was paid not by the American con-
sumer, but was paid by foreign consumers ?
Why, in the face and eyes of that fact, are we
to be hurried 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator will suspend his remarks. The hour has
arrived when the unfinished business of yes-
. terday is before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that will be laid
aside for the Dresent.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection to
its going over informally for a few minutes
without losing its place. It ought to be dis-
posed of. The case of Mr. Thomas has been
here for a very long time and discussed several
days, and I hope we shall come to a vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senate agree to pass by the special order
informally for the purpose of finishing this busi-
ness? If there is no objection the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] will proceed.
No objection being made, the Senator will
proceed.
Mr. HOWE. I was trying to .say that I
could not understand why we should be hurried
into a pledge against a tax on this one kind of
production. If the chairman of the Committee
on Finance would be content to take a law
which says the tax shall not be imposed at all
during the present year, and then'rely upon
the assurance that he gives us that he will pro-
vide revenue without putting a tax on any
industry, then he furnishes the producers of
this material all the relief they want. But from
the fact that he urges us now to pledge our-
selves against putting a tax under any circum-
stanccs and at any time on this one production,
I must say that I am led to distrust a little the
assurance he gives us that he is going to be
ready to relieve other branches of industry;
and if you are going to tax production here at
all this is the last kind of production that I
want to see relieved.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the motion of the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. HO WARD called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I 'wish simply to say
that the Committee on'Finance, for whom, col-
lectively and individually, 1 have very high
respect, always seem to be traveling in a very
