678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
principles of the military reconstruction law
to that State; the resolutions of the Repub-
lican State convention of Maryland in relation
to the convention to form a State constitution ;
a petition of citizens of Connecticut in favor
of granting the elective franchise to women
■wherever the jurisdiction of Congress extends;
a petition of women of Minnesota, praying tliat
women be allowed equal suffrage with man
wherever the jurisdiction of Congress extends;
a petition of women of Ohio, praying to be
allowed the elective franchise ; the petition of
citizens of Oberlin, Ohio, in favor of granting
the elective franchise to women ; a memorial
of citizens of Little Ilock, Arkansas, remon-
strating against the passage of any law to rem-
edy the defects in the sale of property for the
non-payment of the United Mates tax ; a me-
morial of citizens of Alexandria, Virginia, in
relation to the manner in which the election
was held in that city March 5, 1867 ; and a
memorial of citizens of Alexandria, Virginia,
in relation to the decision of the commissioners
of election not to receive the votes of colored
citizens at the election held March 5. 1867,
asked to be discharged from their further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the convention
of manufacturers at Cleveland, Ohio, praying
for an examination into the moral and educa-
tional fitness of candidates for office, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the joint select Com-
mittee on Retrenchment; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 43; further to
amend an act entitled '"An act for the collec-
tion of direct taxes in the insurrectionary dis-
tricts within the United States, and for other
purposes," approved June 7,1862, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
thatit be referred to the Committee on Finance ;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 211) to amend an
act entitled '"An act to provide for a district
and circuit court of the United States for the
district of the State of Nebraska, and for other
purposes," reported adversely thereon.
Mr. CONKLING, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. It. No. 34) relative to the holding
of courts in the southern district of New York,
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the resolution of the Senate of
the 11th of March, 1867, instructing that com-
mittee to inquire and report whether the sale
of unarmed and unmanned vessels to belliger-
ent powers by American citizens is now unlaw-
ful, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 171) for the relief of destitute persons in
the South, to report it without amendment. I
should like to put this resolution on its pas-
sage at once, but I shall not ask it now.
bills introduced.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
275) to amend an act entitled "An act further
to provide for the collection of duties on im-
ports," approved March 2, 1833: which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 270) to grant lands to the Northern Mich-
igan Railroad Company^in extension of the
Norther* Pacific railroad; which was read
twice b^ itg title, referred to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
jambs a. seddon.
Mr. THAYER. I offered a resolution yes-
terday calling upon the President for certain
information. That resolution is not as con-
cise as I desire to make it; and in order that
we may have an opportunity to reconsider and
modify it I submit the following resolution :
Rrtofaed, That the President be requested to return
to the Senato the resolution passed by this body on
yesterday, calling for information in reference to
James A. Seddon, loto Secretary of War of the so-
called confederate States, and the number of Union
prisoners who died in rebel prisons from cruelties
while th&said Jarnos A. Seddon was Secretary of War
as aforesaid.
The resolution was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to.
message from the house
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox. its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to some amend-
ments, disagreed to others, and agreed to the
third amendment of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 320) making appropriations to sup-
ply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
execution of the reconstruction laws, and for
the service of the quartermaster's department
of the Government, for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1868, and for other purposes, with an
amendment.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 274) providing for holding
a circuit court at the city of Erie, Pennsyl-
vania;
A bill (H. R. No. 485) to aid the improve-
ment of the Des Moines and Rock Island rap-
ids in the Mississippi river ;
A bill (H. It. No. 368) authorizing the sale
of an unoccupied military site at Waterford,
Pennsylvania; and
A bill (H. R. No. 502) to incorporate the
congregation of the First Presbyterian Church
of Washington.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the enrolled bill (H. R. No. 213) to
suspend further reduction of the currency.
relief of destitute in the district.
Mr. HARLAN. With the leave of the Sen-
ator from AVisconsin I desire to make a report.
The Committee on the District of Columbia,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 270) for
the temporary relief of destitute people in the
District of Columbia, have instructed me to
report it back with an amendment and recom-
mend its passage. I think it will take but a
few minutes to dispose of the bill. It is neces-
sary that it should be acted on at an early day ;
and if i; does not elicit any discussion I shall
be very much gratified if the Senate will agree
to take it up now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hardly think I can
consent to that.
Mr. HARLAN. This is a matter of charity,
and if the Senator objects to it of course he
has the power to control it.
The PRESIDENTprotfempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider it at this time.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If it leads to no dis-
cussion I have no objection.
Mr. HARLAN. If it leads to any discus-
sion I shall not object to its going over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objec-
tion being made, the bill is before the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole, and will be read.
Mr. EDMUNDS, and others. What is the
bill? Let us hear it first.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will
be found out after it is read.
The Secretary read the bill, which proposes
to appropriate the sum of $25,000 for the tem-
porary relief of ihe destitute population in the
District of Columbia, to be expended under
the supervision and direction of the Commis-
sioner of Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned
Lands; but asfar as practicable this sum is to
be expended in the employment of persons
upon the public grounds and works in the Dis-
trict of Columbia for which appropriation shave
been heretofore made by Congress, such labor-
ers to be under the direction of the officer act-
ing as Commissioner of Public Buildings and
Grounds.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported an amendment to the bill, reducing
the appropriation from $25,000 to $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, andthearaendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and was read the third tiwv and
passed.
senator from maryland.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution submitted by Mr. Johnson
on the 18th of December, 1807:
Ilegolved, That Hon. Philip F. Thomas, Senator-
elect from Maryland, be admitted to his seat on hia
taking the oaths prescribed by tho Constitution and
laws of the United States.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, in act-
ing upon this case of the admission of Mr.
Thomas, Senator-elect from Maryland, we are
called upon to act in a judicial capacity; and
the same general rules which should control
judges and courts in weighing and determin-
ing the effect of testimony are the rules which
should govern us. I know that some extreme
cases have been supposed. Some Senators
have supposed the case of Mr. Davis and Mr.
Breckinridge being elected by the States in
which they reside as Senators to this body,
and appearing here and coming forward to the
desk and taking the oath which is required,
swearing positively that they had never en-
gaged in the rebellion or given it any aid, sup-
port, or countenance whatever; and they have
said that would be intolerable. These are
extreme cases which it is impossible should
ever arise. In the first place, it is not to bo
supposed that any State would ever elect a .
man Senator to this body who would come
here and deliberately commit open, palpable,
notorious perjury, and perjury which all the
world would know at once was a perjury the
moment the oath was taken. It is impossible
to suppose it. But, sir, even if that should
happen, that a State should elect a man who
was openly, notoriously, and actively engaged
in the rebellion, and he should come here and
go to that desk and take the oath by which he
would swear that he had not engaged in it,
when all the world knew that he had, it is just
as impossible to suppose that the Senate would
suffer any such man to remain as a Senator in
his seat here. They would expel him at once.
It is not by appealing to such extreme cases
as these that judges or courts or Senators can
properly weigh the testimony which is adduced,
and which alone should be considered in de-
ciding upon a question of this kind.
Mr. President, the only possible case which
can ever arise is a case where some doubt
must exist as to the fact whether the Senator-
elect did or did not sympathize with or coun-
tenance the rebellion. It is impossible to sup-
pose that Jefferson Davis, or Mr. Breckinridge,
or any person who was openly and actively
engaged in the rebellion, could come here and
take the oath which is required. The only
case where any doubt or difficulty can arise, is
where a person may have done acts which are
susceptible of a double construction; one
which is in accordance with his innocence, and
the other which would only be in accordance
with his guilt. Mr. President, it seems to me
that the law which has been passed by Con-
gress requiring the person to take this oath,
commonly called the test-oath, the "iron-clad
oath,'' is the very mode which Congress has
adopted in order to reach the conscience
of the person who appears here, to try and dis-
Eose of the question in the first instance. I
ave heard no Senator make any substantial
reply to the argument made the other day by
iny colleague, [Mr. Howe,]-and the argument
of the honorable Senator from Oregon [Mr.
Williams] yesterday, that this is the mode
which the law has established to try and
determine the question in the first instance.
I do not say that it goes so far as to prevent
the Senate afterwards, after the Senator has
been admitted, from trying the question when
a motion is made to expel him; but in the
