562
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 2V,
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
struction, opinion, order, or decision of any
officers of this Government which denies,
restricts, impairs, or questions the right of
expatriation, is hereby declared inconsistent
with the .fundamental principles of this Gov-
ernment.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all
naturalized citizens of the United States, while
in foreign States, shall be entitled to, and shall
receive from this Government, the same pro-
tection of persons and property that is accorded
to native-born citizens in like situations and
circumstances;
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That
whenever it shall be made known to the Presi-
dent that any citizen of the United States has
been unjustly deprived of his liberty by or
under the authority of any foreign Govern-
ment, it shall be the duty of the President
forthwith to demand of that Government the
reasons for such imprisonment, and if it ap-
pears to be wrongful and in violation of the
rights of American citizenship the President
shall forthwith demand the release of such
citizen, and if the release so demanded is un-
reasonably delayed or refused it shall be the
duty of the President to use such means, not
amounting to acts of war, as he may think
necessary and proper to obtain or effectuate
such release, and all the facts and proceedings
relative thereto shall, as soon as practicable,
be communicated by the President to Congress.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCL.—An Act to establish a new Land
District in the State of Nebraska.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all that portion of
the Omaha land district in the State of Ne-
braska included within the following limits, to
wit: on the east by the line dividing ranges
-ix and seven east; on the north by the line
dividing townships twenty and twenty-one
north; on the south by the south bank of the
Platte river; and on the west by the west
boundary of the State, shall constitute an addi-
tional land district, to be called the " Grand
Island" district, the location of the office for
which shall be designated by the President of
the United States, and shall by him, from time
to time, be changed as the public interest may
seem to require.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
President be, and is hereby, authorized to
appoint, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, a register and a receiver for said
land district, who shall be required to reside
at the site of their office, have the same pow-
ers, responsibilities, and emoluments, and be
subject to the same acts and penalties which
are or may be prescribed by law in relation
to other land offices in said State.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
President is hereby authorized to cause the
public lands in said district, with the exception
of such as may have been or may be reserved
for other purposes, to be exposed to sale in
the same manner and upon the same terms and
conditions as other public lands of the United
States: Provided, That all sales and locations
made at the office of the old district of lands
situated within the limits of the new district
which shall be valid and right in other respects
up to the day on which the new office shall go
into operation, be, and the same are hereby,
confirmed.
Approved, July 27, 1867.
Chap. CCLI.—An Act to Regulate the Sale of
Hay in the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted fyythe Senate and Souse of Hep •
rfsentatioes of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all hay and straw,
jyhioh be sold by weight in the District of
Columbia, shall bo sold by the net hundred,
and every twenty hundred pounds net weight
shall be a ton.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That this
act shall take effect irom and after its passage.
Approved, July 27, 1868;
Chap. CCLII.—An Act to Incorporate the
Evening Star Newspaper Company of Wash-
ington.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Amerieain
Congress assembled, That Crosby S. Noyes,
Clarence B. Baker, Alexander R. Shepherd,
George W. Adams, and Samuel H. Kauff'man,
and their associates and successors, are hereby
created and declared a body corporate and
politic by the name and style of the Evening
Star Newspaper Company, of Washington, for
the purpose of carrying on the business of
printing and publishing at the city of Wash-
ington, in the District of Columbia, and shall
and may have perpetual succession, and be
empowered in law to contract and be con-
tracted with, to sue and be sued, plead and be
impleaded, answer and be answered, defend
and be defended in all courts of law and equity,
and els[e]where, to make and use a common
seal, and to change, alter, or renew the same
at their pleasure, to adopt by-laws, issue cer-
tificates of stock, and generally to do and per-
form all things relative to the objects of their
corporation, which is now and shall be lawful
for any individual or bodypolitic or corporate
to do.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
affairs of said company shall be managed by a
board of directors consisting of not less than
five members or stockholders, three of whom
shall constitute a quorum; and the officers
thereof shall consist of a president, vice presi-
dent, secretary, and treasurer, who, with such
other stockholders as may be added by the
board, shall constitute an executive committee,
which may, when the board of directors are
not in session, exercise all the powers vested
in the company, (except as may be otherwise
provided by the board of directors in the by-
laws of the company,) and a majority of the
same shall constitute a quorum.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the
capital stock of the company shall not be less
than one hundred thousand dollars, nor more
than two hundred thousand dollars, in shares
of one thousand dollars each; and every stock-
holder shall be entitled to one vote at the elec-
tions of the company for every share therein
by him or her owned; and a plurality of votes
cast at any election shall elect.
Seo. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
company shall have power to hold real estate
suitable and proper for the conduct of its busi-
ness; aud the directors thereof shall have
power to declare such dividends of the profits
of the company as they may deem proper.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
stockholders in said company shall he individ-
ually liable for the debts of the company to
the extent of the stock held by them respect-
ively, at its par value.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That Con-
gress may at any time alter, amend, or revoke
the said corporation.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCLII!.—An Act to authorize the City
of Washington to issue Bonds for the pur-
pose of paying the Floating Debt of the City.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the city of Wash-
ington be, and hereby is, authorized to issue,
by vole of its councils, registered or coupon
bonds in denominations of fitly dollars, one
hundri (I dollars, five hundred dollars, and one
thousand dollars, payable in ten years from
the date of issue, bearing interest at the late
of six per centum per annum, payable semi-
annually ; principal and interest payable in law-
ful money of the United States. Said bonds
shall be signed by the mayor and countersigned
by the register of the city, and shall be payable
at such place or places as may by them be
deemed expedient, and may be isstied and dis-
posed of to an amount sufficient to pay and
discharge the present floating debt of the city,
not, however, to exceed the sum of eight hun-
dred thousand dollars: Provided, That said
bonds shall not be sold for less than their pat-
value in lawful money of the United States, or
in exchange for said matured and liquidated
indebtedness: Provided also, That no greater
amount of said bonds shall be disposed of than
may be found necessary for the payment of
said indebtedness.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the city councils upon
issuing the bonds herein authorized to provide
by taxation for the prompt payment of the
interest thereon; also to provide for the re-
demption of the said bonds by establishing a
sinking fund to be set apart annually to an
amount not exceeding ten per centum of the
amount of bonds issued, said sinking fund to
be created from regular taxes levied for that
purpose, and to be assessed and collected as
other taxes.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
said city councils are hereby authorized to pass
any and all ordinances which may be necessary
to carry into effect the provisions of this act,
and all acts or parts of acts inconsistent with
this act are hereby repealed.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCLIV.—An Act to amend section one
of "An Act to Prevent and Punish Frauds
upon the Revenue, and for other purposes,"
approved March third, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the act. entitled "An
act to prevent and punish frauds upon the rev-
enue, to provide for [the] more certain and
speedy collection of claims in favor of the Uni-
ted States, and for other purposes," approved
March third, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, be, and the same is hereby, amended by
adding to section one thereof an additional
proviso, as follows: And provided further,
That in case of goods, wares, and merchan-
dise, imported from a foreign country adjacent
to the United States, the declaration in this
section hereinbefore required maybe made to,
and the certificate indorsed by, the consul,
vice consul, or commercial agent, at or near-
est to the port or place of clearance for the
United States.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCLV.—An Act supplementary to_ an
Act entitled "An Act to allow the United
States to prosecute Appeals and Writs of
Error without giving Security," and for
other purposes.
Beit enacted by the Senate and Hotiseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Amerieain
Congress assembled, That the provisions of the
act entitled "An act to allowthe United States
to prosecute appeals and writs of error without
giving security," approved February twenty-
one, eighteen -hundred and sixty-three, be, and
the same hereby are, extended to writs of error,
appeals, or other process in law, admiralty, or
equity, issuing from or brought up to a circuit
court of the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any
corporation, or any member thereof, orther
[other] than a banking corporation, organized
under the law of the United States, and against
which a suit at law or in equity has been or
may be commenced in any court other than a
