1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
679
first instance, when it Senator comes here and
offers to take the oath, and he is ready to j
take the oath which the law requires, and he i
does take it, complying with what the law re- j
quires, he is entitled to his seat. I have not
heard any gentleman make an argument which
weighed with me in reply to the argument made
by those two Senators bearing upon that point.
Now, Mr. President, the two facts which are
relied upon by those who oppose the admission
of Mr. '1 homas are these: first, that he resigned
his office in the Cabinet of Mr. Buchanan; and
second, that when his son left him to join the
rebellion he gave his son $100 in money. I
I maintain that both of those facts are suscep-
tible of a double construction. I admit you
may give a construction to either of them
which would tend to show his guilt, that he
sympathized with or countenanced the rebel-
lion ; but I maintain, on the other hand, that
both of those facts are entirely consistent with
his innocence. Take the first fact, the fact of
his resignation. It is said that he resigned his
position in the Cabinet of Mr. Buchanan
because he did not believe with Mr. Buchanan
that he had a right to maintain a military force
in the harbor of Charleston. That is what is
alleged. Suppose that to be true; does that
show that Mr. Thomas was in favor of the
rebellion ? It shows that Mr. Thomas had a
wrong opinion as to the power of this Govern-
ment. It shows that Mr. Thomas was of opin-
ion that the Government either had not the
power, or that it would be against good policy
for the Government to exert the power by
force to hold the harbor of Charleston.
Do we not know it to be a fact that hundreds
and thousands of men from their education were
led to believe and did believe that the Govern-
ment of the United States had not the power by
force of arms to hold a State in the Union ? The
great mass, I may say, of the southern people
were educated in that belief. I hare no doubt
a great many persons in the State of Maryland
were educated in that belief, and had been for
a whole generation. The right of a State to
separate from the Union was a doctrine which
had been inculcated in all the States of the
South, in the universities of the South, in the
pulpits of the South, in the press of the South.
I may say that a whole generation had been
reared under the trainings and teachings of
that very doctrine, that a State had a right to
withdraw itself from the Union, and that the
allegiance which the citizen owed in any State
was an allegiance to the State first and to the
Union afterward. I agree that this is a most
fatal heresy, a heresy which led to this rebel-
lion, and which bathed the whole land in
blood, costing the South two hundred thou-
sand or three hundred thousand of the lives
of their ablest and strongest and best, and
costing us half a million more. But, sir,
it was an opinion entertained by many, and
even if Mr. Thomas entertained that opinion
I maintain that the holding of thftt opinion was
not of itself treasonable. It did not make him
guilty in any respect of the crime of treason,
unless he gave his countenance and support to
the rebellion.
What does he say in this letter of resigna-
tion? He says that he is not able to concur in
the views entertained by President Buchanan
" touching the authority, under existing laws,
to enforce the colle< Lion of the customs at the
portof Charleston." Hestatesto Mr. Buchanan
that he does not agree with him in opinion, and
for that reason he proposes to withdraw from
the Cabinet. Is there in that fact anything which
goes to show that Mr. Thomas was in favor of
the rebellion ? No, sir. It may show that Mr.
Thomas did not believe that we had the power
by force of arras then to enforce the collection
of the revenues in the harbor of Charleston.
You remember that as long ago as 1833« ques-
tion arose about enforcing the revenue laws
in the harbor of Charleston, and the celebrated
force bill was brought forward and passed in
1832 or 1833, I believe. But that law was not
standing upon the statute-book in 18t>0. That
law was only temporary, and Mr. Thomas may
have been of the opinion that it required new
legislation on the part of Congress before you
could resort to force to collect the duties in the
harbor of Charleston ; and because he disagreed
with Mr. Buchanan, rather than embarrass him,
he tendered his resignation and retired from
the Cabinet. I insist that this act of Mr Thomas
is susceptible of a construction in accordance
with his entire innocence of any connection
with the rebellion.
Then, as to the other fact—the fact that he
gave to his son on the morning when he left
home $100 in money—I agree that if he gave
that money to his son with a view to aid him
on his way to the rebellion it would be sus-
ceptible of a construction which would make
him guilty of aiding the rebellion. But, sir,
what are the facts as stated? His son states
that he had made his arrangements to go, that
he had determined to go, that he informed his
father that he was then ready to go, and would
go. The father told him the ground, and the
only ground, upon which he gave him this
money. It was not to aid him to go to the
rebellion, but that in case he was imprisoned
or in suffering he might have a sum of money
with him. It was the prompting of his paternal
heart, while with tears in his eyes he was pro-
testing against his son going. I submit that
this is susceptible of two constructions; and if
it be susceptible of two constructions, one of
which is consistent with his innocence, we are
bound, in the ordinary charity which adminis-
ters justice among men, to give to it the inno-
cent rather than the guilty construction.
Mr. President, we may establish here a
precedent of the most dangerous character.
When the person elected, against whose ver-
acity I believe no one has ever raised a ques-
tion, whose private character as an individual
stands above reproach, comes here and is
readv in the presence of this Senate and of
Almighty God to put his hands upon the Gos-
pels and take the oath that he never did coun-
tenance or aid the rebellion in any way what-
ever, I say, in the absence of any evidence
which goes to show conclusively, against any
reasonable doubt, that he is guilty, we are
bound to receive him. We tender this oath to
him; we make him the witness in the case.
In equitable proceedings, if a party chooses to
make the other party his witness, he is bound
by his testimony. And I say if we choose to
put this oath to the applicant and call him
here to swear whether he is loyal to the Gov-
ernment of the United States or not, and if he
is willing to do it, knowing him as we do, his
character as it stands before us being above
reproach as an individual, what right have we
not to believe the statement which he makes
if the facts which appear are susceptible of
a construction in accordance with innocence
rather than with guilt?
I say it may be establishing a most danger-
ous precedent. This question of loyalty is a
question difficult at times to define. By loy-
alty we generally mean a disposition and pur-
pose to maintain the Government and the
Constitution of the United States. A wrong
opinion on such a subject must not be taken
to be criminal. A wrong opinion is not trea-
son. Sir, let me put cases which may possi-
bly arise. Take the case of Wendell Phillips,
of Massachusetts, who about 1800 or after-
ward, coming here to the city of Washington,
made a public speech in which be declared
that he was in favor of a dissolution of the
Union, and had been for twenty years. Sup-
pose Wendell Phillips should be elected to the
Senate of the United States, and the time
should come when the majority was changed
in this body, and the question should be put
whether Wendell Phillips was loyal to the Gov-
ernment or not, he having made this public
speech in the city of Washington declaring that
he had been in favor of a dissolution of the
Union for twenty years, and a majority should
believe that the maintenance of an opinion
like that on the part of Wendell Phillips was
inconsistent with the loyalty of a Senator, and
therefore should exclude him 1
Take the cue of Mr. Greeley, who in 1860,
for nearly six weeks through the Tribune, ad-
vocated the doctrine that if a majority of the
people of any State at the South desired to
withdraw from the Union they had a right to
withdraw. We know very well, from what
we have read in the public newspapers, that
when the convention of Georgia voted, not-
withstanding the speech of Alexander H. Ste-
phens appealing to them against it, in favor
of secession, Robert Toombs, who had left this
Senate Chamber for the purpose of joining the
rebellion, in the convention of Georgia, with
the New York Tribune in his hand, carried the
convention in favor of secession. He read the
articles of Horace Greeley stating that if a
majority of the people of a State desired to se-
cede they had a right to do it. Suppose that
Horace Greeley should be elected a Senator
to this body, and the question of his loyalty
should be put to him because he had advocated
a doctrine like this ?
Sir, is it safe, as a precedent, for the Senate
to adopt a resolution declaring that because a
man entertains a wrong opinion he shall be
deemed disloyal or be excluded from his seat
for that reason? Take another case. It was
stated upon the authority of Albert G. Brown,
formerly a member of this body, that when he
withdrew from this Senate Chamber, after giv-
ing his reasons for joining the South, between
the door of this Chamber and the Supreme
Court room he met Edwin M. Stanton, and
Mr. Stanton urged him to go forward, ap-
plauded him in his course, and urged him to
go home to the people of the South and stand
up for the doctrines for which he contended.
Mr. SUMNER. I will ask my friend if he
does not kuow that that has been positively
denied?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have never seen it
denied.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that it is a
pure invention.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Albert G. Brown made
the allegation in a speech in the confederate
Congress.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; but does the
Senator believe it?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask the honorable
Senator if he has ever seen it denied? If he
has he has seen what I never have.
Mr. SUMNER. I always understood that
it was an untruth.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have never seen it
denied. It has been published in the news-
papers here in the city of Washington.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not think Mr. Stan-
Mr. Stanton's whole life
ton has denied it.
Mr. SUMNER.
denies it.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is another matter.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I say
this: that the precedent now proposed to be
established is most dangerous. I do not stand
here to charge Mr. Stanton with disloyalty.
Mr. Stanton went into the administration of
Mr. Lincoln and devoted his whole energies to
help to sustain the Government during the
rebellion. What I did state was this 
Mr. EDMUNDS. What was the date when
Mr. Brown is said to have had this conversa-
tion?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The day on which he
made his speech here, withdrawing from the
Senate—in December, I860, I believe; I do
not remember the exact date.
Mr. SUMNER. It was in January, 1861,
that that speech was made.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Whenever he withdrew
from the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask was it before
or after Mr. Stanton went into Mr. Bachanan's
Cabinet?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I believe Mr. Stanton
was not in the Cabinet. It was before he went
into the Cabinet, I think
Mr. SUMNER. And when he went into
the Cabinet he went in to bear his testimony
for the country against the rebellion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I read from the Intel-
