680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
ligencer. I do not make the charge on my own
responsibility. I simply read what he stated
lor (he purpose ot' patting the ease :
''When Mr. Stanton went into the War Office he
misrht have been a Union man, but just before his
nomination, when tlmrebellion was in its iueipieney,
ho applauded tiioeoursool' John t'. Breckinridge, and
meoi ins Senator Brown, of Mississippi, at the door of
tlu- Supreme Court room, alter Brown had bid tare-
well to th«>enato and announced his intention to
join the rebels, Stanton cheered hi in on, asserted that
he wjs right, tli.it hisfoum was thoonlyonc tosavo
the South, and urged him to keep his constituents up
to the mark."
Mr. DRAKE. Is that an editorial in that
paper?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This is stated 
Mr. DRAKE. Editorially stated ?
Mr. DOOLl ITLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask1 the Senator upon
what authority is that stated?
Mr. DOOLITI'LE. It is stated tipon the
authority ot' a speech which was made by Albert
G. Brown in the confederate Congress, which
waa published in most of the newspapers of the
country.
Mr. SUMNER. Albert G. Brown at the
time was a rebel.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I agree.
Mr. SUMNER. Speaking to rebels?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is a fact.
Mr. SUMNER. And the Senator quotes
that speech!
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir; that is a fact.
Mr. CONKLING. Will my friend indulge
me one moment?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CON KLIN G. It so happened that as
a member of a special committee of the other
House I had occasion to know, I think as well
as most persons here knew, the convictions Mr.
Stanton held when he entered the Cabinet of
Mr. Buchanan, which must have been about the
time alleged in the statement we have heard.
From my knowledge at the time, as well as since,
I feel warranted not only in discrediting Mr.
Brown's statement, but in denying the truth of
any statement imputing to Air. Stanton any
sentiment or act or omission not to be expected
from an able, earnest man, doing his utmost to
resist the tide of treason then rising in the Cab-
inet of Mr. Buchanati and spreading over the
country.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I am
stating this as an allegation which is made in
relation to Mr. Stanton. 1 state the authority
upon which it is made. I have only stated it
by way of putting a case. Suppose that Mr.
Stanton were to be elected as a Senator from
Ohio or Pennsylvania, whichever State he
may reside in, and when he came here to this
Senate Chamber the question was raised upon
him whether in truth and in fact he did say to
Mr. Albert G. Brown, after he left this Senate,
that he was right in the course he was pursu-
ing, and did urge him to go home and have
his people sustain him in that conrse as the
only way to save the South ; suppose that fact
were to appear; if Mr. Stanton was willing to
take the oath that he had never by word or
deed in any way whatever countenanced or
aided the rebellion, I insist that it would be
our duty to receive his oath.
And, sir, if the truth be that at that time
Mr. Stanton did make this statement to Brown,
who does not know that at that time there were
hundreds and thousands of men who believed
that this whole performance on the part of the
southern Senators, Slidell, Brown, and others,
in withdrawing from this body was a mere
political maneuver on their part to bring the
people of the North to terms and bring them to
a new compromise. There were hnndreds and
thousands of men who went into just those
kinds of proceeding then, not that they in- '
tended to carry it to the point of blood and to
the point of disunion, but they intended it as a !
mere political contrivance to alarm the fears of
the people of the North, that the South should
pretend to show that she was about to resist the
Federal Government for the purpose of com-
pelling the new Administration of Mr. Lincoln,
wfcieh had then been elected, to yieAd and come
to * compromise with the men of the South.
Sir, I doubt not that was the motive which gov-
erned hundreds and thousands of men at the
outset, and it was consistent, not with their
treason or with their guilt, but it was consist-
: ent with something far short of treason, far
short of guilt; it was on their part but a political
maneuver which they were willing to sanction
for the time being, never expecting that it
would result in bloodshed or in an actual
attempt to destroy the Government.
Now, Mr. President, on this question of loy-
alty: itwillnotdoforusto exclude men because
they entertain opinions of a different character
from our own. There lies on your table a bill
which has come in from the House of Repre-
sentatives which in my judgment is just as
unconstitutional as an act of secession. That
bill in my judgment is just as revolutionary.
In my judgment it is just as destructive of this
Government as the acts of secession themselves.
But. sir, because I believe that, if a man who
favors it is elected a Senator in this body shall
I vote that he shall not be permitted to take
his seat because he is in favor of such a meas-
ure as that; because he is in favor of a measure
that I deem revolutionary and destructive to
the Government? No, sir. I have no right
to do that, in my judgment.
I think, therefore, sir, that acting in this
capacity, when the acts which are presented
; to us are capable of a construction in accord-
j ance with the innocence of the party, it is our
duty to give that, construction to them, espe-
, cially when the party himself—a gentleman
whose character, personally, has never been
questioned—is prepared to take this oath, which
has been provided by law, which searches the
conscience, which tries it, which is like a test-
oath, a touchstone to try the very question as
to his intent, whether he has ever had the
intent, or whether he has ever done anything
to aid or countenance rebellion against the
Government.
Mr. President, I do not intend to detain the
Senate any longer on this matter, because, as I
am told, it is expected that the question is to
come to a vote to-day, and I have no disposi
tion by any protracted discussion to prevent the
vote being taken.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I do not pro-
pose to prolong the debate upon this subject,
but I deem it proper to make a brief state-
ment of the considerations which influence me
in giving the vote which I shall give upon this
resolution. I cannot vote for the admission
of Mr. 'JTiomas to a seat on this floor for the
reason that I consider, upon the facts before
us, that he cannot truthfully take the oath
which he is required to take in order to obtain
his seat here. Were there no other fact in
the case I should consider that his resignation
of his place in the Cabinet of Mr. Buchanan
at the time, and under the circumstances in
which that resignation was tendered, and for
the reasons given by him therefor, was suffi-
cient in itself to settle this matter. But the
other great fact which stands out in the case,
the affording of aid to his son to go into the
rebel army, gives still more point and force to
the previous consideration ; and when you
associate these two facts with the whole his-
tory of Mr. Thomas, from the outbreak of the
rebellion down to its close, as developed in the
testimony in the ease, it seems to me clear
that he can-not take this oath truthfully.
It is sought to break the force of the act of
Mr. Thomas in giving money to his son on the
eve of his departure for the rebellion by draw-
ing a distinction between such an act as that
and the act of openly and actively abetting the
rebellion. Now, sir, with all respect to gen-
tlemen who entertain that view, I take the
ground that not so does the oath read. The
oath does not say that he has given voluntarily
no open and active aid, countenance, counsel,
or encouragement to persons engaged in armed
hostility to the United States, but that he has
given no aid to them, open or secret. Why,
sir, I can point you, in my own State alone, to
thousands of rebels who did not engage openly
and actively in the rebellion, but who did se-
I cretly and constantly give aid and comfort to
J it in every way that their means would enable
| them to do. Sir, the intention of this oath is to
search the innermost recesses of the rebel con-
science, so far as it is possible for an oath to
search such a conscience, and to exclude from
this floor every man who has given any aid,
countenance, counsel, or encouragement, open
or secret, to the rebellion.
It is claimed that if Mr. Thomas will take
the oath, we have, before he is admitted to his
seat, nothing to do with whether he takei it
truthfully or falsely ; but if we find after he is
admitted that he took it falsely, then we can
l expel hiin for the perjury that he has commit-
ted. Mr. President, are the whole Senate of
the United States to be made accessories to
the fact of perjury before it is committed, by
allowing an individual to come here and take
the oath, when every Senator knows, or may
know, that he takes it falsely ? Is it the idea
that Senators are to attain scats on this floor
through perjury, and then be turned out after-
ward for the perjury? I consider not, sir.
If this gentleman took this oath under the
circumstances which have been developed
here, and a motion were made to expel him,
we might be met with this position, taken hun-
dreds and thousands of times all over this
country, that the oath is unconstitutional, null,
and void, and that therefore he committed no
perjury in taking it. I state, sir, as a matter
within my own knowledge, that throughout the
whole rebel party in the State which I in part
represent here, perjury was not only justified,
but inculcated as an act of virtue, and more
than that, sir, as an act of piety toward God.
Perjury in taking a simijar oath to this, perjury
in taking an oath of expurgation of complicity
in the rebellion, was openly, in the public prints
of Missouri, and by her public men in favor of
j the rebellion, inculcated upon the rebels of
Missouri, to enable them to attain power
there.
Sir, I have found in my experience of rebels
that, so far as they have a conscience at all, it
is all of one type throughout this nation, and
that they stop short of nothing to accomplish
their purposes. The party that, in one of its
wings, will tolerate the open inculcation of
perjury for the sake of overthrowing the power
of Union men will do it- in another; and if an
individual will in Missouri commit perjury
for the purpose of overthrowing the power of
the Union men, another individual oftlie same
stripe will do it in Maryland.
So it is, sir, that the doctrine, in its legiti-
mate bearings and consequences, is announced
on the floor of the Se_nate that a man may
come here and claim a seat, through perjury,
in defiance of the conscience of the Senate.
That is the doctrine which has been announced
here in effect by the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] this morning, when
ha said that we have nothing to do with
whether the party does in fact commit per-
jury in the taking of the oath until after he
has taken it, and then we can expel him for
the perjury, though we all sit here when the
oath is administered to him and know as well
as we know that-we live that that oath is false
as it passes his lips. I do not believe in that
doctrine. I do not believe in the Senate of the
United States countenancing perjury in that
way. This applicant for a seat in the Senate
may really have convinced himself that he is
not swearing falsely in taking this oath. That
is not the question. The question for us to
adjudicate is whether he will in fact swear
falsely; and if we are satisfied that he will,
then I protest, as one member of this body,
against such a desecration of the Hall of the
Senate, of the Senate itself, of the Constitu-
tion, and of the Word of God upon which he
will put his hand when he takes this oath.
But, Mr. President, it is said that this act of
giving money to his son as he was starting to
go into the rebel army, and when the father had
but to say a word to a military officer to have
prevented him going there, is open to two con*
