1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
565
Laws of the United States.
40th Cong....2d Sess,
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, out
[of] any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the benefit of the Columbia
Institution for the Instruction of the Deaf and
Dumb'
For the supportof the institution, in addition
to the existing appropriation to meet the
increased expense of maintaining pupils whose
admission was authorized by an act of Con-
gress, approved March second, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, three thousand dollars.
For continuing the work upon buildings of
the institution, in accordance with the plans
heretofore submitted to Congress, forty-eight
thousand dollars.
Sf.c. 2. And be it further enacted, That in
addition to the directors whose appointment
has heretofore been provided for by law, there
shall be three other directors appointed in the
following manner: one Senator by the Presi-
dent of the Senate, and two Representatives
by the Speaker of the House; these directors
o hold their offices for the term of a single
Congress, and to be eligible to a reappoint-
ment.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That no
part of the real or personal property now held
or hereafter to be acquired by said institution
shall be devoted to any other purpose than the
education of the deaf and dumb, nor shall any
portion of the real estate be aliened, sold, or
conveyed, except under the authority of a spe-
cial act oi' Congress.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That so
much of theactof February sixteenth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven, as allows the payment
of one hundred and tift-y dollars per annum for
the maintenance and tuition of each pupil
admitted by order of the Secretary of the
Interior, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
number of students in the collegiate depart-
ment from the several States, as authorized by
the act of March second, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, shall be increased from ten to
twenty-five in number.
Sec. 6. Atid be it further enacted, That the
following sums be, and the same are hereby,
appropriated, for the purposes hereinafter ex-
pressed. for the fiscal year ending June thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine:
Government Hospital for the Insane in the
District of Columbia.
For the support, clothing, medical and moral
treatment of the insane of the Army and Navy
and revenue-cutter service, and of the indigent
insane of the District of Columbia in the Gov-
ernment Hospital for the Insane, including five
hundred dollars for books, stationery, and
incidental expenses, ninety thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
■ For finishing, furnishing, lighting, and heat-
ing the unfinished part of the east wing of the
main hospital edifice, seven thousand dollars.
Columbia Institution for the Deaf and Dumb.
For the support of the institution, including
one thousand dollars for books and illustrative
apparatus, twelve thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For tho proper inclosure, improvement, and
enlargement of the grounds of the institution,
in accordance with plans heretofore submitted
to Congress, three thousand six hundred dol-
lars.
Columbia Hospital for Women and Lying-in
Asylum.
For the support of the asylum, over and
above the probable amount which will be
received from independent or pay patients,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For the completion ^f the Providence Hos-
pital ill Washington city. District of Columbia,
thirty thousand dollars: Provided, That all
expenditures for the said Providence Hospital
under appropriations of Congress shall be made
tinder the direction and control of the Surgeon
General of the Army, whose duty it shall be
to report at the December session of every
Congress a full and complete statement of all
expenses incurred under and by virtue of
appropriations made by Congress.
For the National Soldiers' and Sailors' Or-
phans' Home, in the city of Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia, ten thousand dollars.
For care, support, and medical treatment of
sixty transient paupers, mcdical and surgical
patients, in some proper medical institution in
the city of Washington, under a contract to be
formed with such institution, twelve thousand
dollars, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary: Provided, That said contract shall be
made by the Surgeon General of the Army,
who shall report to tho December session of
every Congress, stating with whom the said
contract is made, and the amount and nature
thereof.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
superintendent of the said Columbia Institu-
tion for the Deaf and Dumb shall, at the com-
mencement of every December session of Con-
gress, make a full and complete statement of
all the expenditures made by virtue of any
appropriations by Congress. Said statement
shall include the amount paid to said superin-
tendent, and also for teachers, to whom paid,
and the rate at which paid ; and all expendi-
tures for the Columbia Hospital for Women
and Lying-in-Asylum shall be under the direc-
tion of the Surgeon General of the Army, who
shall also report to Congress, at every Decem-
ber session, a full and accurate account of all
expenditures made by said asylum out of
appropriations by Congress; and all accounts
for all appropriatioos made by Congress for
charitable purposes and for charitable insti-
tutions in the District of Columbia shall be
audited by the First Auditor of the Treasury.
But nothing herein contained shall take from
the Secretary of the Interior the jurisdiction he
now has over the subject of charities and char-
itable institutions in the District of Columbia.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCLXIII.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for certain Executive Expenses of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine.
Beit enacted by the Senate and Hoxiseof Eep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, be,
and the same are hereby, appropriated for the
objects hereinafter expressed, for the fiscal
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-nine, viz.:
That there be appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the sum of twenty thousand two hun-
dred dollars, for the employment of temporary
clerks in the Indian Bureau, to be employed
at the following rates: one clerk, at sixteen
hundred dollars per annum ; six clerks, at
fourteen hundred dollars each per annum;
seven clerks, at twelve hundred dollars each
per annum : and two female copyists, at nine
hundred dollars each per annum ; and the sum
of ten thousand dollars for the employment of
temporary clerks in the State Department;
the said clerks so to be employed in said
Department shall receive a compensation of
twelve hundred dollars each per annum: and
the sum of nine thousand dollars, or so much
thereof as is necessary, is also appropriated
to pay the salary, office expenses, and clerk
hire of the surveyor general of Utah Territory,
in accordance with provisions of act of July
sixteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight.
Sec. 2. Andbeitfurther enacted. That there
be appropriated, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of live
thousand dollars, to be expended, under the
direction of the Commissioner of Public. Build-
ings and Grounds, for the purpose of building
an arched roadway over Tiber creek, on North
Capitol street, leading to the Government Print-
ing Office: Provided, [That] the city of Wash-
ington will appropriate sufficient additional
amount to complete it.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted,, That the
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
and directed to pay, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to Henry
B. Ste. Mane, the sum of ten thousand dol-
lars for services and information in the arrest
of John H. Surratt, in the kingdom of Italy,
charged with the crimes of conspiracy and
murder ; and the joint resolution for the relief
of Henry B. Ste. Marie, approved July twen-
tieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, be,
and the same is hereby, repealed.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCLXIV.—An Act relating to Pen-
sions.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Hoitse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the laws granting
pensions to the hereinafter-mentioned depend-
ent relatives of deceased persons leaving neither
widow or child entitled to pensions under exist-
ing laws, shall be so construed as to give pre-
cedence to such relatives in the following order,
namely: first, mothers; secondly, fathers;
thirdly, orphan brothers and sisters under six-
teen years of age, who shall be pensioned jointly
if there be more than one: Provided, That if,
in any case, the said persons shall have left
both father and mother who were dependent
upon them, then on the death of the mother
the father shall become entitled to a pension
commencing from and after the death of the
mother; and upon the death of the mother
and father the dependent brothers and sisters
under sixteen years of age shall jointly become
entitled to such pension until they attain the
age of sixteen years, respectively, commenc-
ing from and after the death of the party
who, preceding them, would have been entitled
to the same: And provided further, That no
pension heretofore awarded shall be affected
by anything herein contained.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That no
person shall be entitled to a pension by reason
of wounds received, or disease contracted, in
the service of the United States, subsequently
to the passage of this act, unless the person
who was wounded or contracted disease was in
the line of duty; and, if in the military ser-
vice, was at the time actually in the field, or
on the march, or at some post, fort, or garri-
son ; or if in the naval service wa§ at the time
borne on the books of some ship, or other
vessel of the United States, at sea or in har-
bor, actually in commission, or was on his
way, by the direction of competent authority,
to the United States, or to some other vessel
or naval station.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That so
much of the acts approved April sixth, eight-
een hundred and thirty-eight, and August
twenty-third, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
as requires that pensions remaining unclaimed
for fourteen months after the same have be-
come due, shall be adjusted at the office of the
Third Auditor, is hereby repealed; and the
failure of any pensioner to claim his or her
pension for a period of three years after the
same shall have become due, shall be deemed
presumptive evidence that such pension has
legally terminated by reason of tbepensioner's
death, remarriage, recovery from disability, or
otherwise, and the pensioner's name shall be
stricken from the rolls, subject to the right of
restoration to the same on a new application,
| with evidence satisfactorily accounting for the
J failure to ela'm such pension.
! Sec 4, And be it further enacted, That if
| any officer, soldier, seaman, or enlisted man
ii has died since the fourth day of March, eight-
