1868.[
«1GWI
structiofts, and thai if one of them is ia consist-
ent with the innocence of Mr. Thomas, that is
thfe one which we ought to take. Very well,
sir: if Mr. Thomas were on trial for peijury
before a jnry, or on trial for aiding and abet-
ting the rebellion, that would be very good doc-
trine; bat he is not so on trial. The principles
which would apply in-such a case as that do not
npply'here. 1 take it that, so far as we are to
act as Senators, the very reverse is the rule.
We are charged here with great public interests,
and not by any means the least among those
interests is to keep this Chamber free from the
tread of rebels and traitors.
A grave and most weighty responsibility
rests upon us ih this particular; and the more
so, as once let the precedent be set of admit-
ting into this Senate one who is proved to have
given aid and comfort to the rebellion, and yen
will never be able to overrule that precedent in
the future. Let into this Chamber one mam
who has given aid and comfort to the rebel-
lion, and your doors are thrown wide open to
all rebeldom. It will be in vain to talk about
keepingoat Jefferson Davis and John C. Breck-
inridge after that. Where will you draw the line
of distinction ? Between the big rebel and the
little one? Between the open rebel and the
secret one? Between the active rebel and the
indolent one? What law authorizes us to draw
that distinction? What rule of evidence au-
thorizes us to draw that line between these two
classes? Both liav*e gives aid and comfort to
the rebellion ; one has given it openly, bravely,
defiantly; the other" secretly, sneakingly, like
a dog. And now, sir,- are we to ran a line of
difference here between fee two classes ? If
we are where is the justification for it? Where
is the warrant for it in this oath when it sayB
in its terms that the party must have given no
aid. Ah, we shall be answered, perhaps, that
he only gave the small matter of $100 aid to
his son when that son wient into the rebel army,
and he did not dothat to help him to get to the
rebel army; he only gave it to him to help him
in the starvation that might come upon him.
Sir, I do not appreciate this doctrine. I do not
comprehend it. It is contrary to *11 the rules
of law in this world and contrary to the rules
which have come to us from another world.
The spirit, the inteat, the purpose of an act
done is that' which affords a criterion of its
guilt; and, whether it is a big net or little one,
theintrirtsic gailt is the same.
Now, sir, a few words upon this matter of
the $100- 1 am going to use two or three plain
and homely illustrations in regard to it. i will
take this'case: first, that young Thomas should
have announced to his father, "I-am gttrng
over yonder, fifty miles, to burn the house of
John Smith, my enemy and year enemy ;''
and-the father should have sard to him, " My
son, you had better not do that; you may get
hurt, or yon may get shortof food on the way;
you may be bothered in several different ways;
but have you got any matches?" " No, sir."
" Well, here is a box; take it; you might get
cold in the night time lying out in the woods,
and you may want to kindle a fire to warm
yourself, and you had better have a box of
matches along with you.''
Again, sir, another case: the boy announces
to the father, " I am going yonder, twenty-five
-miles, to kill Jim Brown, my enemy and your
enemy." The father responds, "Well, Ihy
son, you had better not; Jim Brown may kill
you; yon may get a broken leg ; some acci-
dent may befall yon; but have you got a re-
volver ?" "No,sir; I have not any." "Well,
here is one; yon had better take it along, for
fear some one may attack you on the way."
Now, Mr. President, I say, taking the case
presented in these illustrations, there is not a
jury in this land which, if the arson were eotn-
initted in the one case or the murder in the
other, would not convict the father of being an
accessory before the fact; and they would ppy
no more attention to his excuse that he gave
the matches in the one case to enable the boy
to kindle A fire in the night-time to keep him-
self-wflrm, or in the other that he gar* htm the
revolver 4© enable him *> repel tvttaekg'tnade
upon Mm on the way there, than they would
give to the idle wind that blows. And what
is the difference between those cases and this?
Here is a boy who says, " lam going into the
eonftdesatftanay," and the father says, "Do
not go there; you will lose your chance to study
your profession: you will lose a leg or an arm,
or you may get killed f do not go.'' So«peak«
the father. "Your State has not seeeded
from the Unioa, and therefor* you li*ve no
right to take apartns against the United States;
do aot do it." There speaks the State-rights
devote, rthe believer ia the monstrous heresy
of State allegiance. Bat while he says this he
?tta his hand ia his pocket and gives the boy
100, accompanying it with the fitateeaent that
it is done to keep him from starvation. There
speaks the astute lawyer,-accompanying his
act with that explanation which he can give
in evidence afterward, as a part of the res gestae,
to excuse himself upon the ground of his
paternal anxiety for this son.
Mr. President. I have been a little too long
engaged, now these seven years, in conflict
with rebels and with rebel sympathizers, to be
fooled by any such nonsense as that. I know
them. 1 know, from an experience of seven
years, right among "them and alongside of
them from day to aay, that there is no possi-
ble conception of devilish ingenuity which
they are not adepts in to further their rebel-
lious purposes; and I do not choose to suffer
myself to be turned here on the floor of the
Senate from the path of right in this .matter
Uy any such paltry excuse as that for a. traitor-
ous and rebellious aet.
I have thus, Mr. President, very briefly en-
deavored to state the grounds on which 1-can-
not yote for this resolution, I have but one
word more to say in repetition of a part of the
remarks which I have made, and as a warning
to Senators on. this floor. The other day the
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] made
a large part of his speech in favor of the appli-
cant for, a seat here, upon the basis of a pre-
cedent set by the Senate in the case of the
Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Patterson.]
Ay, sir, and so it will be hereafter. Admit
this individual from Maryland and you make
an enduring and ineffaceable precedent to be
thrown into our teeth every time a conviated
rebel, one convicted before a committee of
this body, comes up here with the overt act
proven upon him, but assigning some excuse,
some motive known only to himself, in pallia-
tion of the act. We shall be told forever here-
after, '' See what you did in the case of Mr.
Thomas, of Maryland; yon let him in; why
should you not let in another, and another,
and another?" till at last die Senate Chamber
of the United States will become polluted
again with the breath of rebels and traitors.
God helping me, sir, while I sit here, I never
will vote to admit any such man under any
stress of circumstances.
Mr. TIPTON. I regret that there is so little
ia this case in the report to guide us in our
decision upon it. As i understand it, however,
the Committee on the Judiciary have reported
that there is not, in all the voluminous testi-
mony taken ia the ease of Mr. Thomas, of
Maryland, enough to justify his exclusion from
the Senate, unless it should be found in the
facts with regard to the circumstance of his
contributing money to his son, who subse-
quently entered the rebel service. I take it
for granted, then, that the question is narrowed
down to that one point, and I do not desire to
wander very far from that point; but as refer-
ence has been made to the circumstances under
which he left the Cabinet of Mr. Buchanan I
may as well allude for a moment to his letter
of resignation from that Cabinet
All that can be .proven by the letter which
he transmitted to Mr. Buchanan at the time
when he left his Cabinet is simply that he did
not agree-with Mr. Buchanan in regard to what
was probably to be his policy on the subject
stated in the letter. Now, I ears not how
much he differed with Mr. Buchanan on that
subject if higagtloflstoppcd the e. If h<* never
went any further, if lie oever backed up any
opinions which he entertained aff that time,
and which were referred to or couehed in that
letter, it matters not at all, so far as this case
is concerned, what was the character of that
original letter; and it is the opinion of the Ju-
diciary Committee that there is jwt enough ih
th^ letter to convict him of any crimeaufficient
to exclude him froaa his seat in the Senate.
The aext ciseuaaateace alleged against Mr.
Thomas is thespeeohba made to the Legisla*
tare at the time of his election. What was
the first impreaeioa which was made on the
Krepublicim side of the tteaate when it was
announced to ua that a Senator firnm Maryland
wa& about to claim a seat on this floor who had
oft a previoas occasion, at the time when ha
received his election, declared that ha was
about to meet h ere.au d to confront men who
wero traitora to the Union? We felt sensitive*
I know I felt sensitive cm the subject. Still,
so far as that is eonoeraed, if her: made the
remark, it was an intemperate remark; and
•very Republican Senator on this floor knows
for himself that pablic men am apt to make
remarks in the heat of discussion for which
they ought not to be held -to a very strict ac-
countability. I know, foe myself, that ia the
beat of public discussion I hare characterised
those, mea who have not been acting with my
party during the war and sinca as .copper-
heads, as traitors, as rebels i -disguise; and
if we are met with the charge of being our-
selves dkanioniats we aaimot avoid thaA. It
comes back upon as; aadthe question is t  be
dacidad between,oar charges aiad the charges
of the other side. Certainly, for that reason
this gentleman is not to be excluded from, a
seat oa the floor of the Senate.
So far as the cases of the Senator and Bepr
reaentati ve from Tennessee bam been referred
to, they prove only this: that we are occasion-
ally embarrassed when we would introduce one
of oar friends from the South to the flow of
the Senate or the House of .Representatives.
There wore times when many of them held views
such as Mr. Thomas, of Maryland, held; bat if
they never carried vufc those views, if they re-
pented of those opinions, if they ceased to fol-
low in their wake, we have received them here
and allowed them the petvilage-of reoantation,
and they are Senators ami Representatives to-
day. Consequently on that scare the com-
mittee do not pretend that there is enough to
justify the exclusion of Mr. Thomas.
The Senator who jast pteceded me,the Sen-
ator from Missouri, [Mr. Da-usx.] has well
made the point that the spirit in which the act
was performed is the criterion by which we are
to jodge a£ the eligibility of the Senator to his
position here. That undoubtedly is true, and I
propose for a few moments to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the evidence in this case.
The mere act of giving is nothing here or there.
The mere act of giving proves nothing here
or there. He hatd a right by every law of
humanity to take into his own household and
to meet at his own table the famishing soldier,
either of the Union or rebel army; and if he
saved a -life by furnishing food it was his priv-
ilege to do so, and there is no man here who
will deay it. Therefore, if the charge was ex-
plicitly made here to-day and it was true that
when the rebel army invaded the State of
Maryland Senator Thomas received his own
rebel son home after.au unfortunate battle and
when he was wounded, that he cared for him
at home, that he fed him at home, it would not
cause his exclusion from this body, for it would
not be held that under these circumstances
he should be regarded as doing a criminal act.
If after having remonstrated with the young
man, after having done everything to prevent
his going except to restrain his liberty by a
positive arrest, he had received him back,
wounded and cared for him, famishing, and
had fed him, the mere act of having done it
would weigh nothing with the Senate and noth-
ing with the country in regard to his Mt'g a
loyal man and unfit to occupy a place n the
