682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
Senate. The spirit, the intent, of the act is
that with which we have to do. On the 19th
page of the report, in the examination of young
Mr. Thomas, the question was directly put to
him what was said by his father, and the an-
swer is this:
"One expression ho used I told you. When the
rebel army made a raid into Maryland, after the
battle of Gettysburg, lie said I had no right, as a cit-
iten of the Stato of Maryland, to leave iny State in
the Union and join the ranks of the rebel army."
I presume there is no question in regard to
that, and I want to know whether there is any-
thing in that declaration to be condemned—
" you have no right, as a citizen of the State
of Maryland, to leave your State, which is in
the Union, and to join the ranks of the rebel
army." If every father in the State of Ken-
tucky, if every father in the State of Tennes-
see, if every father in every border State, had
said to his son. "You have no right to leave
your State, which is in the Union, and to join
the rebel army,'' and if that advice had been
taken, what would have been the consequence?
It woald have been that no son of any parent
giving snch advice would have entered the
rebel army along all the border. That advice
would have been loyal advice. That advice
would have been advice that you and I would
have commended and would have dictated to
any man to say to his son. The most loyal
man in the country might have given that ad-
vice. The man who felt his misgivings in re-
gard to the power of the Government to coerce
rebels might have given that advice. If every
father had given that advice, and if that advice
had been taken, it would be vindicated to-day
before the Senate, and no man here would un-
nndertake to say that it was semi-treason to
declare to a son, "You have no right to leave
your State and join the ranks of the rebel
army."
But, sir, that is not all the testimony in this
cause. The son testifies that the father not only
told him that he had no right to fight against his
State, but that he had no right to fight against
lha Government; and he went further than
■hat, and the testimony shows that he told him
that there was no reason whatever which could
be assigned which woald justify him in leaving
the State of Maryland and entering the ranks
of the rebellion. He not only gave this as his
advice bnt persisted in it. I find in the testi-
mony that the father asks the son this question :
" Did I not appeal to you on the ground of your
duty to the State and to the Government'?'' and
further: " Did I not' declare' that there was no
reason to justify your going?" and the son
answers that he did. It is further in evidence
that he continued to follow up these remon-
strances :
" Quotient. Have you not on occaaions heard me give
advice when asked for it by young men who thought
of going into the soathern army?
* A wncer. I have.
" Question. Have I not invariably, whenever asked
in your pretence or consulted, advised them not to
go?
" Antxorr. Ton have.
" Question. Have I not taken the ground, in your
hearing and presence, to other young men who
thought of going, that they had no right to go for the
reason assigned—that they were citizens of Mary-
land?"
And as citizens of Maryland they had no
right to leave the State or to engage in rebel-
lion against the State or against the Govern-
ment. After having delivered this wholesome
advice I want to know whether there is any-
thing in this case which shows that he acted
precipitately or that lie acted at any time not
in accordance with this sage counsel? Was he
slow in gratifying the young man's desire to
leave ? The testimony on that subject is :
"Quettion. Did I ever give you a dollar to go from
home with until you informed me that there was
nothing I could say or do that would stop your going?
"Aruwer. No, sir.
"Quetlioti. And until you had informed me dis-
tinctly that it was vain for me to oppose it—that you
would go?
"Atvncer. No, sir.
" Quettion. Were you not making an arrangement
for the means to go?
"Antieer. Yes, sir.
"Qnettion. Was it not in your power to have made
the arrangement?
"Anneer. Yes, sir.
"Quettion. When I gaveyon that money did I not
state to you that I gave it to you because I did not
want you to be subjected to tno suflerins: and want
which you were liUelv to be subjected to, either in
the attempt to cross the lines or atter you got to the
South?
"Anncer. Yes, sir.
"Quettion. I told you I could not five my own
consent to let you go and suffer?
".4n«irer. Yes, sir; you said so.
"Queation. Did I not depict the sufferings that you
were bound to endnre there ?
"Antwer. Yes, sir."
If that is true, so far as it conveys any idea
of the intent of the father it is that he never
would consent, and that he never did consent,
and did nothing to further the young man's
purpose until it was utterly impossible to con-
trol him any further by his counsel. Then
did he act promptly or did he act tardily ? Let
us see:
" Question. When you left my house, as you were
aboutto start, did I not go to the door, early in the
morning, out of my bed, and did I not then invoke
you to abandon your intention of going away ?
"Answer. You did."
Let it be understood here that it was not
until eight o'clock on the night before he left
that the young man told the father there was
nothing he could say, and there was noth-
ing he could do which would keep him at
home and prevent him from joining the ranks
of the rebel army. He says that his father
told him of the folly of his course ; told him
he would perish; he would suffer ; but, never-
theless, as he was determined to go—as he
could not prevent him, in order to obviate that
suffering, he would give him the money, and
he did give it. After he had furnished him
with those means, what then ? You would
suppose that if he had offered him the money
for the purpose of facilitating his going there
would have been an end of it. But it seems
not to have been so, for I find this in the testi-
mony as to what occurred the next morning:
" Question. Was not the last word I uttered to you
when yon drove from my door to beseech you, almost
with tears in my eyes, to abandon the thing because
nothing but want and suffering would come of it?
"Answer. Yes, sir."
Then it is a fact that he persisted all the
time, and until the very last hour, when the son
was about to leave his habitation, declared that
it was folly for him to go; that he must not
go, that he should not go ; and finally, after he
leaves home, after the son reaches Washington
city and remains here seeking an opportunity J
to cross the lines, having failed in one effort to
do so, does the father cease his importunity?
He was in Washington, unable for a time to
get into the rebel lines. In regard to that |*>int
the testimony is—
" Question. Did you not, as soon as it was known at
home, receive from your mother a letter in my name
most earnestly entreating you to abandon your pro-
ject and return to your home?
"Aameer. I did."
If he had given the money for the purpose
of inducing his son to join the rebel army, that
would have been understood by the language
in which it was communicated. If he had
given him the money and was indifferent about
it there all his efforts would have stopped.
But after the young man reaches Washington,
and the father learns of it, the mother commu-
nicates with him, and the letter is written in
the name of the father, still imploring him to
come back, to abandon his intentions, and to
return again to the parental roof. This is not
the couduct of a man who desired, for a mo-
ment, to aid his son in entering the rebel ser-
vice, nor is it the action of a man who was
willing to any extent whatever that his son
should become a rebel soldier.
You understand, Mr. President, how diffi-
cult it'was for men, both North and South, for
men who were loyal and for men who were dis-
loyal, to prevent their minor sons from enter-
ing the military service at a time when their
constitutions were not sufficiently matured to
justify them in any campaign as soldiers. His
troubles were just of this character. Here
was a boy of eighteen, restive, anxious, de-
termined, quarreling with his father in regard
to his determination to leave home and join
the army ; the father protesting, advising him
not to think of it, arguing with him against
the propriety of going, giving the same advice
to other young men in his presence, refusing
to consent until he could refuse no longer
with any hope of benefiting him, and then fol-
lowing him to Washington with his entreaties
to come back again arul give up his idea of
becoming a rebel soldier.
I say, therefore, that it is possible that this
parent, this Senator from the State of Maryland
was, as he himself declares, utterly opposed to
that son becoming a rebel soldier. There is
no question of that, or the evidence is all false.
He was utterly opposed to it, and he never
consented by word or act that he ever should
become a rebel soldier. Now, I will admit
that his sympathies were, to some extent, with
the rebellion. He did believe that it was wrong
to coerce the rebellious States, I have no doubt.
I have no question that he did rest his argu-
ment upon the doctrine of State rights to some
extent; I know not how far and I care not how
far. If he was under the influence of any such
heresies it was his privilege, I suppose, to
entertain them and remain at home a private
citizen. It was his privilege, I suppose, to
hold his heresies, but it was not his privilege
to put those heresies into active practice. If
he retained these doctrines at home, as the
witnesses say he did, if he never went from
the State of Maryland, if he never performed
an act with the intent of nerving a single trai-
torous arm, and if all he did was simply done
as a fatherly act towards his son leaving home
under this most trying and afflicting circum-
stance, I dare not, I cannot, when he comes
here from a State that was never out of the
Union, I have no power, as I understand my
f>osition as aSenator, to look the State of Mary-
and in the face and say, " You shall not sit in
judgment on the qualifications of your citizens
to represent you on the floor of the Senate of
the United States when those citizens are will-
ing and anxious to comply with the require-
ments of the Constitution and the laws of the
Union in such ease made and provided."
Mr. President, I would not have said this
much; I had no desire to participate in this
debate, but I must necessarily go upon the
record, and am willing to go upon the record.
I desired to say a word to explain the circum-
stances which would induce me to vote for the
proposition presented in the resolution now
under consideration moved by the Senator
from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson.]
Mr. BUGKALEW. Mr. President, when
this question was first brought to the attention
of the Senate, at a former session, two objec-
tions were made against the swearing in of the
applicant for the seat. One objection made to
Mr. Thomas was that he had made an unpatri-
otic speech upon the occasion of his nomina-
tion for the office to which he was afterwards
chosen. The other objection, and a more se-
rious one, was that when he was Secretary of
the Treasury under Mr. Buchanan he had taken
such action that the payment of the interest on
the public debt was endangered, and the public
credit was subjected to detriment.
Upon these two objections, which were made
in debate and stated in strong and exaggerated
terms, the Senate voted to send the question
of his right to a seat to the Judiciary Committee
for its examination. That was the action taken
by the Senate at a former session on this sub-
ject. At the present session, on the 18th of
December, 1867, the Judiciary Committee
made a report to us of the result of their in-
quiries. They reported that they had taken
the evidence submitted with their report, and
that they found " nothing sufficient in the opin-
ion of the committee to debar said Thomas
from taking his seat, unless it be found in" a
particular circumstance which the> recited,
and which had no relation whatever to the
points or questions upon which the reference
wps originally had.
Then, sir, it is manifest that this gentleman,
claiming to be duly elected by the Legislature
of the State of Maryland, has been kept out
of his s«at for many months—during two frag-
