1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
683
raentary sessions and a part of the present regu-
lar session—upon charges or objections which
are whoi'y unt-as;a>ned, which the committee in
their report ignore, or rather report as not suf-
ficient. in their opinion, to justily his exclusion
from his seat.
Mr. President, this fact ought to admonish
qs that there is a verv serious question in-
volved in tfiis case, which may be involved in
many future cases that will come before the
Senate for its consideration: and that is the
question of deferring the admission of a mem-
ber when he presents himself in a regular way,
with due credentials, from taking his seat until
some preliminary questions outside of the con-
stitutional qualifications which relate to the
office are examined into. If this practice,
which is new, which in former years or in
former times did not obtain in the Senate
ot the United States, is to be entered upon,
we establish an innovation which, in my opin-
ion, will be found very mischievous and dan-
gerous in future. I think the old practice
conformed to sound priuciples—the practice
that when a gentleman appeared here with
credentials showing that in due form of law
and in a regular manner he had been appointed
by his State to represent it in this body, he
should be forthwith sworn in and take his
seat; that the presumption should be that he
was a member of the Senate, and entitled as
such to participate in its proceedings. I say,
then, in view of the facts of this case, we have
an admonition against acting hereafter upon
the |>recedent which this case would appar-
ently establish, of sending credentials away
from us into the hands of some committee to
examine matters of fact, investigate objections
outside of those constitutional qualifications
which all members of the Senate must possess.
The committee, then, sir, have reported to us
substantially against the charges which were
preferred when Mr. Thomas first appeared
claiming bis seat in this body. The committee—
as I understand, unanimously—for there is no
dissent expressed or reported to us—have deter-
mined that these charges, if not groundless
altogether, are in law and in point of fact
insufficient to justify the rejection of this appli-
cant. If their report had stopped at that point
I suppose there would have been no debate
and no further delay. But they submit to the
Senate on the evidence which they have taken
a question of fact. It arises from the circum-
stance that upon one occasion during the late
war the son of this gentleman, about to aban-
don his father's domicile and proceed on his
way toward the confederate lines, was be-
friended by his father to the extent of a small
donationof money forhisimmediate necessities.
The committee do not report to 08 that this is
sufficient cause for his rejection. They do not
report to us that this act, which, upon the face of
it, would seem exceptionable and offensive, was
traitorous and criminal. They have not passed
upon the question of his intent or of his guilt.
Therefore it is that we have precipitated upon us
this prolonged debate upon the evidence which
accompanies their report, through which mem-
bers have been constantly groping to ascertain
what was this gentleman's purpose or motive
in the particular act in question. If we were to
take up the case where the committee leave it,
accepting their judgment as conclusive or rea-
sonably satisfactory upon the matters of accu-
sation which were referred to them, we should
be confined to this one question which I have
mentioned, to wit: the conduct of the father in
assisting his son at the time helefthome. The
debate, however, has not been so confined.
It would seem that Senators have not ac-
cepted the report of the committee as conclud-
ing anything, and therefore we have been car-
ried back to the transactions which took place
in the President's Cabinet and in the South at
the outbreak of the war; we have been again
conducted into a caucus-room at Annapolis and
invited to investigate certain literary questions
with regard to the accuracy of a report of some
impromptu speech there made very late in the
evening, at the end of a heated oeucus, by this
gentleman. Questions of philology, or ques-
tions of the accurate translation or expansion
of a reporter's notes, have here been intruded
upon us.
Mr. President, upon grounds of objection
apparently so slight, having no foundation in
the Constitution of the United States, which
prescribes the qualifications of office, or even
in any statute law enacted by any recent or for-
mer Congress, I think the Senate will be safe
in taking the report and judgment of the com-
mittee without attempting to reopen debate and
to form opinions Bounder than those which th 
committee have reached. However, sir, I mutt
submit a suggestion or two upon particular
Eoints that have been made by gentlemen, not
ecause their arguments, in my opinion, have
been strong or weighty, but because they have
been pressed with very much of uppareut sin-
cerity—certainly with very considerable vehe-
mence.
What was not even charged at a former ses-
sion when this case was sent to the committee,
what was not reported upon by the committee,
is brought into this debate, and that is the resig-
nation by Mr. Thomas of the office of Secre-
tary of the Treasury.
Mr. HOWARD. That is contained in the
committee's report.
Mr. BUCKALEW. It is not mentioned in
the report of the committee which I have read.
There is evidence relating to it accompanying
the report; but I am speaking of the report
proper. Mr. President, one of the absurdest
charges possible of disloyalty that could be
made is the particular charge that is here made
against Mr. Thomas, that he, an alleged friend
of the rebellion, a secession sympathizer, de-
sirous, if gentlemen's opinions are correct, to
assist the rebellion, did what? Exercise the
powers of Secretary of the Treasury in aid of
the rebellion ?
No, sir; that charge is refuted by the proof
laid before the committee and is condemned
by their report. Did he do any act or thing,
as an officer of this Government, which would
aid the rebellion ? No; but possessing, as it
is said, some degree of sympathy with the
rebellion, possessing some degree of personal
and political association with men who were
concerned in it, instead of helping them he
resigned the office of Secretary of the Treas-
ury, where he could have assisted them, where
his traitorous abilities could have been exer-
cised with some effect, and went home to
Maryland, settled down on his farm in a quiet
section, and followed rural pursuits there dur-
ing the entire war. Yes, that conduct of his
is gravely stated in this debate as a ground
upon which to reject him ; as a proof that he
did assist the rebellion in some way, and thus
contribute to the cause of the enemy instead
of supporting the cause of his country. Sir,
the apparent absurdity of this whole point of
objection upon its mere statement is such that,
after merely calling the attention of the Senate
to it, 1 should be ashamed to go on and occupy
time with enlarged or prolonged argument or
with any declamatory remarks by which the
futility of the objection could be made more
evident.
Then we are referred to his speech at Annap-
olis, in which he said that there were men here
in this Government who were disunionists. I
believe the report of his speech upon which
reliance is had did not state this accusation
near so strongly as the President of the United
States himself did on a certain signal occasion.
But the accuracy of that report is impugned.
Another reporter who was not hostile, as this
one was, politically to Mr. Thomas made a
report which is comparatively inoffensive; and
again, if you go back to the original notes of
the reporter relied on you will find that when
he came to write out his report he expanded it
somewhat beyond what his original notes would
justify. But all this is a small matter and
hardly deserves formal debate.
Now, Mr. President, we come to the new
point reported by thecommitteee—thereliel ren-
dered by Mr. Thomas to his son when he vas
about leaving home, destitute and needy—a
relief which extended only to his immediate
necessities, and in the very nature of things
could notrendcr him permanent support, main-
tenance, or assistance. Mr. Thomas gave his son
the sum of $100. Suppose that should be held
to be ever so wrong. 1 am not called upon to
approve his conduct. The explanations which
lie gives may not be entirely satisfactory. We
may think he ought not to have given his son the
money. If you come to an abstract standard
of loyalty and of patriotic devotion to the Gov-
ernment of the country and to a high standard
of morals you may think this gentleman should
be condemned. Who is there among us that
can be tried by such standards as these and be
found without fault and without blame in his
past life?
But our question is a different one. Is this
man in point of law, whether constitutional or
statute, entitled to take his seat in the Senate
of the United States as a representative from
the State of Maryland? Concede all that is
claimed with regard to his donation of money
to his son, the question yet remains, was he
guilty of a statutory offense, of a public crime?
But we cannot try that. The Senate is not
competent to try a question of criminal law.
It has conferred upon it no criminal jurisdic-
tion. It cannot exercise the functions of a
jury to pass upon the intent with which an act
was committed. In the very nature of things
it is impossible for it to resolve itself into a
court of justice, and try this question of crim-
inal or treasonable conduct and pronounce an
intelligent, just, and constitutional judgment
upon it.
It is a question of the intent with which the
act was committed. It will not be possible for
the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,]
with all his acuteness, with all his technical
nicety and logical power, to convince us that
the question with regard to this man's conduct
on that occasion, so far as the laws of the coun-
try are concerned, must not resolve itself into
the question of the intent with which the act
was committed. If that intent was benevo-
lence ; if it was to relieve his son ; if the act
was not done and performed with the design
of aiding the enemies of the United States,
there is neither in law nor in morals any ele-
ment of guilt which can be charged as a crime
under the laws of the country or under the laws
of God.
Several gentlemen havesaid that Mr. Thotnas
did nothing after his son left home to dissuade
him from his purpose. That is in flat contra-
diction of the proof. The proof is that when
the father and mother ascertained that the young
man was in Washington, before he had got over
the lines, she, at the instance of her husband,
sent a most urgent and affectionate letter to the
son here, imploring him to return home and
abandon his purpose. What Mr. Thomas in
this way did through the boy's mother was done
judiciously. It was, perhaps, the means best
calculated to secure the object in view—the re-
call of the young man from his hazardous and
improper enterprise and to place him again be-
neath the protection of the paternal roof. It
will not do to say that Mr. Thomas did noth-
ing for the return of his son home because he
wrote no letter himself. The most likely means
to induce the son to abandon his purpose was
that his mother should appeal to hira and
bring to bear upon him all those tender ties of
affection by which he was ltnit and bound to
her—perhaps more intimately and strongly than
he was bound even to his father.
But it is said that under the laws of Mary-
land there might have been somewhat more of
coercion exercised upon the son. Now, Mr.
President, we know perfectly well that through-
out the whole country during the war family
ties were very much relaxed. The obedience
of children to their parents was much weakened,
and frequently the duty was altogether disre-
garded. Thousands of young men, minors
under the laws of the respective States in which
they were located, legally bound to obey the
will of their parents, enlisted in the Army, went
