568
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[July 27,
40th CoNtt 2u Sess.
La ws of the United States.
coacting trade between the said territory and
any-othur portion of the United States shall be
regulated in accordance with the provisions of
law applicable to such trade between any two
great districts.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be urtlawful for any person or persons to
kill any otter, mink, marten,'sable, or fur seal,
or other fur-bearing animal, within the limits
of Said territory, or in the waters thereof; and
any person guilty thereof shall, for each offense,
on conviction, be fined in any sum not. less
than two hundred dollars nor more than one
thousand, or imprisoned not more than six
months, or both, at the discretion of the court;
and all vessels, their tackle, apparel, furniture,
and cargo, found engaged in violation of this
act, shall be forfeited: Provided, That the
Secretary of the Treasury shall have power to
authorize the killing of any such mink, marten,
sable, or other fur-bearing animal, except fur
seals, under such regulations as he may pre-
scribe ; and it shall be the duty of the said
Secretary to prevent the killing of any fur seal,
and to provide for the execution of the pro-
visions of this section until it shall be other-
wise provided by law: Provided, That no
special privileges shall be granted under this
act.
Sec. 7. Andbe it farther enacted, That until
otherwise provided by law, all violations of
this act, and of the several laws hereby ex-
tended t'o the said territory and the waters
thereof, committed within the limits of the
same, shall be prosecuted in any district court
of theUnited Statesin California or Oregon, or
in the district courts of Washington, and the
collector and deputy collectors appointed by
virtue of this act, and any person authorized
in writing by either of them, or by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, shall have power to arrest
persons and seize vessels and merchandise
liable to fines, penalties, or forfeitures under this
and the said other laws, and to keep and deliver
over the same to the marshal of some one of
the said courts ; and said courts shall have ori-
ginal jurisdiction, and may take cognizance of
all cases arising under this act and the several
laws hereby extended over the territory so ceded
to the United States by the Emperor of Russia,
as aforesaid, and shall proceed therein in the
same manner and with the like effect as if such
cases had arisen within the district or Terri-
tory where the proceedings shall be brought.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That in
all cases of fine, penalty, or forfeiture, men-
tioned and embraced in the act entitled "An
act to -provide for mitigating or remitting the
forfeitures, penalties, and disabilities accruing
in certain cases therein mentioned," or men-
tioned in any act in addition or amendatory of
said act, that have occurred or may occur in
said collection district of Alaska, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized, if in his opinion the said fine, pen-
alty, or forfeiture was incurred without willful
negligence or intention of fraud, to ascertain
the facts in such manner and under sueh reg-
ulations as he may deem proper without re-
gard to the provisions of the act above referred
to, and upon the said facts so to be ascertained
as aforesaid he may exercise all the power of
remission conferred upon him by said act, as
fully as_ he might have done had said facts been
ascertained under and according to the pro-
visions of said act.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe all
needful rules and regulations to carry into
effect all parts of this act, except those espe-
cially intrusted to the President alone; and
the sum of fifty thousand dollars is hereby
appropriated from any unappropriated money
in the Treasury to carry this act into effect
and meet the expenses of collecting, the rev-
enue from customs within the limits of the said
territory.
Appkovei>} July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCLXXIV.—An Act authorizing the
Manufacturers' National Bank of New York
to change its location.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United, States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Manufacturers'
National Bank of New York, now located in
the city of New York, is. hereby authorized to
change its location to the city of Brooklyn.
Whenever the stockholders representing three
fourths of the capital of said bank, at a meet-
ing called for that purpose, determine to make
such change, the president and cashier shall
execute a certificate under the corporate seal
of the bank, specifying sueh determination,
and shall cause the same to be recorded jn the
office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and
thereupon such change of location shall be
effected, and the operations of discount and
deposit of said bank shall be carried on in, the
city of Brooklyn.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted, Thatnoth-
ing in this act contained shall be so construed
as in any manner to release the said bank from
any liability, or affect any action or proceeding in
law in which the said bank may be a party or
interested. And when such change shall have
been determined upon as aforesaid, notice
thereof and of such change sfyall be published
m at least two daily newspapers in each of the
counties of New York and Kings, in the State
of New York, for not less than ten days.
Sec. 3. Andbeitfurthere?iacted, Thatthis
act shall take effect and be in force from and
after its passage.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCLXXV.—An Act relating to the Dis-
trict Courts of Utah Territory.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the Governor of
Utah Territory shall assign the district judges
of said Territory to their respective districts,
and appoint the time and place of holding
court in each of said districts, not exceeding
two terms in each district in any one year.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCLXXV1.—-An Act regulating Judicial
Proceedings in certain Cases, for the protec-
tion of Officers and Agents of the Govern-
ment, and for the better defense of the
Treasury against unlawful Claims.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all the provisions of
section eight of the^actof July twenty-eight,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, entitled "An
act to protect the revenue, and for other pur-
poses," and the forms and modes by that sec-
tion and the twelfth section of the act of March
three, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, there-
in referred to, prescribed for prosecuting suits,
withholding executions, and paying judgments
against officers of the United States, or other
persons engaged in executing the acts relative
to captured and abandoned property, shall ex-
tend and be applied to all suits and proceedings
(except those in behalf of the United States)
which have been brought, or may hereafter be
brought, against any officer or agent of the
Government, civil or military, for acts done
during the rebellion while acting by virtue or
under color of his office or employment; and
every defendant in such suit or proceeding
having made full defense thereto, and having
notified the Attorney General of the United
States to appearand defend the same, shall be
entitled to the full benefit and protection pro-
vided in said section for officers and agents of
the Government engaged in the collection of
the public revenue ; and any defendant being
aggrieved by any order or direction, certificate,
ruling, or judgment of any court made or had
in any such proceeding, may except, thereto
and appeal therefrom to the Supreme Court of
the United States, and -have,tie questions aris-
ing there heard and determined.
Sec. 2. And be it further enaited, "that no
action or suit shall be maintained in any-Court
of the UnitedStates, or of any State thereof,
ia the natne orin the behalf or interest of any
alien, against the UnitedStates,.or any person,
for or on account of aDy.act done or omitted
to be done by sueh.pOTson aaan officer or agent
of the United States, in the administration of
the act of Congresa entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the collection of abandoned property
and for the prevention of frauds in insurrec-
tionary districts within the -United States,"
approved March twelve, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, or of the act of Congress entitled
"An act in addition to the several acts con-
cerning commercial intercourse between loyal
and insurrectionary States, and to provide for
the collection of captured and abandoned prop-
erty, and the prevention of frauds in States
declared in insurrection," approved July two,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, or in virtue
or tinder: color ot: the acts of Congress afore-
said, or any other acts of- Congress relative to
the said insurrectionary States, or to persons
or property therein; and to any action or suit
which may have been heretofore, or shall here-
after be, instituted by any alien against the
United States, or any such person as aforesaidj
ou account of any act done or,omitted to be
done as aforesaid, the defendant may and shall
plead or allege in bar thereof, that.such act was
done, or omitted to be dime, in the adminis-
tration of one of the acts of Congress afore-
said, or in virtue or under color thereof, and
such plea or allegation, if the fact be sustained
by the proof, shall be, and shall be deemed
and adjudged in law to be, a complete and con-
clusive bar to any such suit or action : Pro-
vided, That this section shall not be construed
so as to deprive aliens who are citizens orsub-
jects of any Government which accords to citi-
zens of-the United States the right to prosecute
claims against such Government in its courts,
of the privilege of prosecuting claims against
the United States in the court of claims, as
now provided by law.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it
is hereby declared to have been the true intent
and meaning of the act approved March twelfth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, entitled "An
act to provide for the collection of abandoned
property and for the prevention of frauds in
insurrectionary districts within the United
States," that the remedy given in cases of seiz-
ure made under said act, by preferring claim
in the Court of Claims, should be exclusive,
precluding the owner of any property taken by
agents of the Treasury Department as aban-
doned or captured property in virtue or under
color of said act from suit at common law, or
any other mode of redress whatever, before
any court or tribunal other than said Court of
Claims; and in all cases in which suits of tres-
pass, replevin, detinue, or any other form of
action may have been brought and are now
pending, or shall hereafter be brought against
any person for or on account of private prop-
erty taken by such person as an officer or agent
of the United States, in virtue or under color
of the act aforesaid, or the act approved July
second, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, enti-
tled "An act in addition to the several acts
concerning commercial intercourse between
loyal and insurrectionary States, and to pro-'
vide for the collection of captured and aban-
doned property, and the prevention of frauds
in States declared in insurrection," the de-
fendant may and shall plead or allege in bar
thereof that such act was done or omitted to be
done by him as an officer or agent of the Uni-
ted States in the administration of one of the
acts of Congress aforesaid, orin virtue or under
color thereof, and such plea or allegation, if
the feet be sustained by the proof', shall be,
and shall be deemed and adjudged in law
to be, a complete and conclusive bar to any
