684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!.
January 22,
«/ *
off into the public service without parental
consent ami against parental protest. It hap-
pened everywhere. Even minors under the
nge ot' sixteen went into the Army, and we
were obliged by net of Congress to make it a
punishable offense for any officer to enlist such;
and we had other provisions for minors under
eighteen years of age. We know that during
A time of war and violence those ordinary rules
which affect civil society and domestic life are
very much impaired. Thus it was during our
war; parental control was relaxed, and often a
parent was obliged to see a Son. too young and
tender to perform etlicient service to the Gov-
ernment, a son who had been entrapped or
induced by associates to enlist, go forth into
the Army never more to return.
In this case the son broke through the duties
which he owed to his parent, perhaps in a
manner which he would not have thought of in
more quiet and settled times.
We are not here to pass judgment upon
the conduct of Mr. Thomas as a question of
morals or as a question of propriety. We
are here, as far as this case is concerned, to
judge him and his State underthe Constitution
and laws of the country. And what do they
say?
The Constitution says that a Senator shall
have attained the age of thirty years; that he
shall have been nine years a citizen of the
United States: and that he shall, when elected,
be an inhabitant of the State for which he is
chosen. Airain, it declares that Senators and
Representatives, as well as certain other offi-
cers of the United States and of the several
States, " shall be bound by oath or affirmation
to support- this Constitution." These things
are what, the fundamental law requires. They
are plain. Nobody can question them. None
of them are involved in this debate. What
more is required ? In July, 1862, you passed
a law providing a new oath of office ; and this
case is to be adjudged under that law. You
have no other ground to go upon. For the
purpose of the argument, I assume that that
law is constitutional and valid ; that it confers
authority of some sort upon the Senate, and
that it binds the Senate in some way by public
obligation or duty. Now, all that we are to
do in this case is measured by that law. It is
not a case which arises under either of the
constitutional qualifications; and if there be
ground upon which we are to reject this gen-
tleman it must be found within the statute of
July 2, 1802, commonly called the oath act.
What does that statute do? Let me call the
attention of the Senate to it now, in the con-
clusion of the debate, because upon it must
our decision be made, if it be made fairly,
with any pretense to legality or propriety what-
soever. That law says in effect, according to
the accepted construction, that when a mem-
ber appears in the Senate he shall be required
to take the oath prescribed in it, commonly
called the "iron-clad oath." That is the first
thing. It says, secondly, that if he takes that
oath falsely he shall be indicted in a criminal
court and punished as guilty of perjury under
the laws of the United States; and we know
that, independently of that law, we should
have the power of expelling him by a two-
thirds vote, because that power is conferred by
the Constitution. Now, what has the Senate
to do in this case except to administer the
oath to Mr. Thomas? Does that law confer
upon us authority to do anything else? Clearly
not. I demand of gentlemen who insist that
we shall reject Mr. Thomas the production of
some statute of the United States authorizing
us to do it, authorizing this proceeding—the
passage of a resolution that a man standing
here before us with a certificate of election
from the State of Maryland shall be turned
away. Where is your law? I do not ask for
construction of law; I ask for a pretense of a
statute to do that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Allow me to ask the
Senator if he means to say that there is no
case in which we should be justified, without
any other Constitution or law than we have
now, in refusing to admit a man who came with
regular credentials and who was a citizen?
Mr. BUCKALEW. If the Senator had
waited a moment he would have found that I
would soon reach that point in tho argument.
At present I am inquiring for the statute which
authorizes the Senate by resolution to slam the
door of this Chamber in the face of a man
with a certificate of election from one of the
adhering States of this Union. No such stat-
ute exists. It is not to be found anywhere.
It is not among the somewhat remarkable enact-
ments of the Thirty-Eighth and Thirty-Ninth
Congresses, and it exists nowhere else. I say,
then, clearly, as the law has not conferred
upon the Senate jurisdiction to act in this
manner, if we adopt a resolution such as sug-
gested, we perform an act that is wholly un-
authorized, and therefore open to the most
signal reprehension.
The statute of July 2, 18G2, was passed for
the purpose of preventing men who had been
engaged in the rebellion from taking seats in
Congress at all. It was the remedy then pro-
vided by the wisdom of the legislative depart-
ment to secure that result; and as no other
remedy has been provided by legislation, if
this law is deficient, it will be our business to
pass another; but the Senate cannot take upon
itself authority and power which is not con-
ferred by any statute and certainly does not
exist in the Constitution.
The Senator from Vermont has put an inter-
rogatory to me which suggests a point, the ex-
amination of which concludes the argument.
He says, suppose a public enemy appeared at
the door of this Chamber, a traitor 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not put any such
question.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Well, sir, Iwill suggest
the question myself, then. I understood him
to put that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My question was, if the
Senator will allow me to state it, whether he
meant to say, under the Constitution and the
law as it now is, there was no case in which we
could refuse to admit a man who came with
regular credentials and with regular citizenship
and was willing to take the oath?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I say unquestionably,
as a. point of law, there is no such power. Our
authority must be founded in the Constitution
of the United States or in the laws which have
been enacted by Congress. We derive no
power from any other source whatever. But
the point upon which I was going to speak in
conclusion is this: suppose an enemy of our
Government, a man whose presence here, in the
judgment of the members of this body, would be
dangerous were he to appear here, would we be
obliged to admit him ? To make the case more
specific and clear, perhaps, let me suppose that
during the rebellion one of th ose men who had
abandoned their seats in this Chamber and
turned their backs upon it and gone into the
ranks of the enemy, had appeared here and
claimed to take his seat, what would then have
been done or could have been done ?
It would have been a case not provided for
by your law. You could not under the laws
of the United States exclude him, and no
constitutional disqualification would have ap-
peared. You, however, under the law of pub-
lic safety, in a time of war or in time of public
danger, would have been justified in using any
means in your power to protect yourselves.
You would have been justified as much in re-
sisting the entrance of a traitor into your Sen-
ate Chamber by all the means within your
power, whether of resolution or of vote or the
exercise of the physical force of yourselves and
your officers, as those who were enlisted in your
armies were justified in resisting a public ene-
my on the field of battle.
But, sir, we are not discussing here a ques-
tion of immediate danger pressing upon us,
justifying the shutting of our doors against
an applicant for admission. We are here called
upon to try and judge a man for an alleged
offense committed in former years, to assume a
judicial function, to resolve ourselves into a
criminal court for the time being, try him for
an alleged criminal offense, and pronounce
upon him a judgment of deprivation of otliee.
We are to do this in peaceful and quiet times,
years after the war is ended, and when no man
pretends that this proposed act of ours is neces-
sary to the public safety, that it is justified by
the argument of necessity. There is, there-
fore, no reason for the act outside of the law.
I agree that there may be extreme exceptional
I cases when men may do acts for which the law
! has made no provision; but no man can pre-
, tend that this case falls within any of these
exceptions, that it is covered by any principle
which can be invoked in favor of extraordi-
nary extrajudicial action by Government.
Sir, that argument of necessity we heard
used and abused during the war. We heard
it to justify many things. However, sir, I will
not go over that field of inquiry, because I
should be intruding matter foreign to the de-
bate, and perhaps I could not command those
feelings which are created in my breast when-
ever I attempt to traverse in mind that partic-
ular department of public action during the
late war, in which the argument of necessity
was invoked—an argument which the great
poet informs us the Prince of Evil invoked "to
excuse most devilish deeds."
But, sir, however it may have been during
' the war we are in a time of peace, and I say
I to the Senator from Vermont that now, when
he desires any action by Government in any
one of its branches, whenever he desires any
action by this Senate upon the rights of a State
or of one of the citizens of a State, he is bound
to show his law; and he cannot ask us to break
law or to make a special law for the case, with-
outany authority, upon some vague and strained
suggestion of what is morally impossible that
some Dp.vis or Breckinridge will appear here
to subvert the Senate of the United States, or
at least to contaminate it by his presence.
Mr. President, with a clear judgment upon
the law of this case, whether as relates to the
individual concerned, or as to his State, or to
those common principles which are the pro-
| tection of all the States in their representation
i in this Government, I shall vote in favor of
i the resolution submitted by the Senator from
Maryland.
| Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, all the
argument that could possibly be adduced on
either side of this question has probably been
brought forward and exhausted. I have no
expectation that I shall add anything to the
force of the argument one way or the other;
but, nevertheless, as this is a judicial matter
upon which each Senator is to decide, it may
not be amiss for me to state the conclusion to
which I have come and the reason that has
operated upon me to bring about that conclu-
sion.
I shall vote in favor of allowing Mr. Thomas
to take the oath prescribed by the law. The
question as it is here presented is, whether or
not we will permit him to take the oath which
he professes himself ready to take and which is
prescribed by the law. It has been remarked
very properly by the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania, that so far as the constitutional
requisites are concerned there is no objection
to Mr. Thomas, and if any objection exists it
must be an objection founded upon the law
itself or'some other objection outside of it
which is of an overruling character.
I wish to say in the outset that I have held,
and still hold, that there may be cases in which
the Senate would not only have the right but
in which it would be its duty to protect itself
against the admission of a person who ought
not to sit here, or who could not sit here with-
out destroying or injuring exceedingly the char-
acter of the Senate itself, by refusing him his
seat. Those cases, however, must necessarily
be very extreme cases ; and in a time like this
certainly, which is a time of peace, in order to
justify such action to the country, a case of
that description must be a very palpable and
plain one. We are exercising in any such
case au extra-constitutional power. I think it
