1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE, CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
569
Laws of the United States.
40th Cong...,2d £?ess.
such suit or action : Provided, however, That
no judgment recovered in accordance with this
set shall be paid by the United States unless
the amount received by the defendant as the
proceeds of the transaction which was the foun-
dation of the suit shall have been paid into the
Treasury, except upon an'appropriation duly
made therefor after a full examination of the
claim upon its merits.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
RESOLUTIONS.
No. 1.—Joint Resolution in relation to the
Printing of the Report of the Postmaster
General.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That hereafter it shall be
the duty of the Congressional Printer to cause
to be printed and bound three thousand copies
of thereportofthePostmaster General, instead
of twenty-five hundred copies, as provided by
the act approved July twenty-seventh, eighteen
hundred [and] sixty-six, and that so much of
that act as conflicts with the above provision
be, and is hereby, repealed ; arid this resolution
shall apply to the report for the present year.
Approved, December 20, 1807.
No. 2.—Joint Resolution changing the Time
of holding the Annual Meeting of the Stock-
holders of the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the time of holding
the annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Union Pacific Railroad Company for the choice
of directors is hereby changed from the first
Wednesday in October to the first Wednesday
following the fourth day of March, and the
stockholders are authorized to determine the
place at which such annual meeting shall be
held at the last annual meeting of the stock-
holders immediately preceding such annual
meeting: Provided, The same shall beheld at
either of the cities of New York, Washington,
Bo.ston, Baltimore, Philadelphia, Cincinnati,
Chicago, or Saint Louis : And provided fur-
ther, That on the election of directors herein
provided for, to take place in March, anno
Domini eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, the
terms of office of all persons then acting or
claiming the right to act as directors of said
company shall cease and determine.
Approved, December 20, 1867.
Xo. 3.—A Resolution in relation to the Erec-
tion of a Jail in the District of Columbia.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and hereby is, directed and re-
quired to suspend for the period of forty days
from the passage of this resolution allwork
upon the jail to be erected in the District of
Columbia, .under the  ct of Congress approved
July twenty-five, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, and the amendment thereto, approved
March second, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven; and that the Treasurer of the United
States be directed to withhold for the period
aforesaid the payment of any money appropri-
ated for the erection of said jail.
Approved, January 11, 1868.
\r0 4 —Joint Resolution in relation to the
" Sale'of Stock in the Dismal Swamp Canal
Company.
Be it resolved by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Voyigress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be directed, to adjourn the sale of
eight hundred shares ol the stock owned by the
United States in the Dismal Swamp Canal
Company from the second day of January,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, (to which
day said sale now stands adjourned,) until Sat-
urday, the eighth day of February, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight, at eleven o'clock,
a. m.
Approved, January 11, 1808.
No. 5.—A Resolution for the Appointment of
Regents of the Smithsonian Institution.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the vacancies in the
Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institu-
tion o/ the class " other than members of Con-
gress" be filled by the appointment of Theo-
dore D. Woolsey of Connecticut, William B.
Astor of New York, John Maclean of New
Jersey, and Peter Parker of the city of Wash-
ington.
Approved, January 11, 1868.
No. 7.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
Destitute Persons in the South.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives nfthe United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be hereby authorized to issue, for the relief of
any and all classes of destitutes in the South,
such desiccated potatoes and desic[c]ated
mixed vegetables as have accumulated during
the war and are not needed for use in the Army;
the same to be issued under the direction of
the Commissioner of the Bureau of Refugees,
Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands.
Approved, January 81, 1868.
No. 8.—A Resolution limiting Contracts for
Stationery and other Supplies in the Execu-
tive Departments to one year.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That it shall not be law-
ful for any of the Executive Departments to
make contracts for stationery or other supplies
for a longer term than one year from the time
the contract is made ; and that whenever pro-
posals for supplies have been solicited, the
parties responding to such solicitation shall be
duly notified of the time and place of opening
the bids, and be permitted to be present either
in person or by attorney, and a record of each
bid shall then and there be made.
Approved, January 81, 18G8.
No. 9.—JointResolution to provide for a Com-
mission to examine and report on Meters
for Distilled Spirits.
Beit resolved by the Senateand Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Americain
Congress assembled, That a commission, to
consist of five persons, to be appointed by the
Secretary of the Treasury, is hereby created,
whose duty it shall be, in connection with the
existing commission of the Academy of Science,
to carefully examine all meters and mechan-
ical contrivances or inventions that may be
presented to them, intended to measure, test,
and ascertain the productiveness of grain, or
other articles prepared for distillation, or the
actual quantity and strength of distilled spirits,
subject to tax, produced therefrom, giving due
notice of the times and places where such ex-
amination will be conducted; and that the
commission shall meet and proceed to the per-
formance of their duties, under the instructions
of the Secretary of the Treasury, at the ear-
liest practicable day, and shall report in detail
to the said Secretary, to be communicated to
Congress, the result of their examination, with
such recommendation as they may deem ex-
pedient and most to the interest of the Gov-
ernment, on or befoi-e the first of March next.
Seo. 2. And be it fwriheri esolved, That pend-
ing the action of said commission, and until
their report be made and a meter shall be by
law adopted, all work on the construction of
meters, under the direction of the Treasury
Department, be, and is hereby, suspended.
And in the mean time no further contract for
meters shall be made by the Secretary of the
Treasury under the fifteenth section of the act
entitled "An act to amend existing laws rela-
ting tq internal revenue, and for other pur-
poses," approved March second, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven.
Seo. 3. And be it further resolved, "fhatthe
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
and directed to pay, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the ex-
penses incident to the carrying out of this joint
resolution, and also a reasonable compensa-
tion for the services of such of the said com-
missioners as are not now officers, of the Uni-
ted States or members of the said academy.
Approved, February 3, 1868.
No. 10.—Joint Resolution providing for the
Sale of Iron-Clads.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
the Navy be, and he is hereby, authorized to
dispose of such iron-elad vessels, except those
of the "Dictator," " .Kalamazoo," "Monad-
nock," and "Passaic" classes, as in his judg-
ment are not required by the interests of the
service, at a price to be determined by ap-
praisal, to be made by a board of not less than
five naval officers, two of whom shall be engi-
neers ; and report shall be made to Congress,
as fast as said vessels are sold, of the amounts
realized from such sales, and the parties to
whom sold: Provided, That after such ap-
praisal public notice shall be given that pro-
posals will be received for thirty days for the
purchase of said vessels; and that the highest
price so proposed, being not less than the
appraisal, shall be accepted: And provided
further, That the proceeds of all such sales
shall be paid into the Treasury of the United
States.
Approved, February 3, 1868.
No. 11.—Joint Resolution for Reducing the
Expenses of the War Department, and for
other purposes.
Beit resolved by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Americain
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed
to take immediate measures for the reduction
of the expenses of the Army and of the War
Department at and in the vicinity of New York
city at as early a day as practicable, by con-
centrating the business of the quartermaster,
commissary, clothing, ordnance, and medical
bureaus, and recruiting service in said city,
and that for this purpose there shall be hired
and used at some convenient and proper point
in said city one suitable building in which shall
be accommodated all the offices connected
with and required for the transaction of such
public business, at a cost to the Government
not exceeding twenty-five thousand dollars per
annum ; and also a suitable building or prop-
erty within the harbor of New York, or on
the navigable waters thereof, which shall have
sufficient accommodation of warehouse, pier,
dock, and basin room for the safe and con-
venient receiving, storing, and care of all Army
stores of every kind and description belonging
to either of said bureaus or branches of the
service, at an annual cost to the Government
notexceedingfifty thousand dollars: Provided,
however, That nothing herein contained shall
be construed to prevent the storage or keeping
of ordnance stores or other property at Gov-
ernor's Island, or the use in any way for the
purposes of the Government of any property or
building which actually belongs to the United
States.
Approved, February 21, 18®.
