570
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March!#,
40Tir Cong.... 2d Sess.'
Laws of the United States.
No. 12.—A Resolution to authorize the Secre-
tary of War to employ Counsel in certain
C.ises.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the _ Secretary of
War be, and he is hereby, authorized to employ
counsel for the defense of the General of the
Army," Major General George G. Meade, and
Brevet brigadier General Thomas H. Ruger,
provisional governor of Georgia, and any other
officer or person intrusted with the enforce-
ment of the reconstruction acts, or either of
them, against any gait or proceedings, in
court, in relation to theic'official acts.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Spealcer of the Souse of Representatives.
B. F. "WAD
President of the Senate pro tempore.
Indorsed by the President: "Received
February 11, 1868."
[Note by the Department op State.—The
foregoing resolution having been presented to
the President of the United States for his ap-
proval, and not having been returned by him
to the House of Congress in which it origin-
ated within the time prescribed by the Con-
stitution of the United States, has become a
law without his approval.]
No. 13.—A Resolution directing that the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain be supplied with
certain Volumes of the Narrative of the
Exploring Expedition.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Librarian of Con-
gress be, and is hereby, directed to deliver to
the Secretary of State a set of Dana's Crus-
tacea, being .volumes thirteen and fourteen of
the Narrative of the Exploring Expedition un-
der Captain Wilkes; and that the Secretary of
State is hereby directed to deliver them to the
Government of Great Britain.
, Approved, February 28, 1868.
No. 14.— Joint Resolution authorizing the
Transmission through the Mails, free of
Postage, of certain Testimonials by the
Adjutant Generals of the several States.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the adjutant gen-
erals of the several States and Territories Be
authorized to transmit through the mails, free
of postage, any medals, certificates of thanks,
or other testimonials, awarded, or which may
be awarded, by the Legislatures of said States
and Territories to the soldiers thereof, under
such regulations as the Postmaster General
may direct.
Aeproved, March 2, 1868.
No. 15.—Joint Resolution authorizing the
Comptroller of the Currency to revoke the
Appointment of Receiver for the Farmers'
and Citizens' National Bank of Williams-
burg, New York, and to restore said Bank
to its Owners under certain conditions.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Comptroller of
the Currency be authorized, with the approval
of the Secretary of the Treasury, to revoke
the order appointing a receiver for the Farm-
ers' and Citizens' Bank of Williamsburg, New
York, and restore the said bank and the man-
agement thereof to the directors, for the pur-
pose of enabling the association to continue
the business of banking : Provided, That said
banking association shall first present to the
Comptroller satisfactory assurances that the
public interest will be promoted thereby, and
shall secure, in such manner as the Comptroller
shall direct, the full payment of all the credit-
ors of the association, and shall restore the
capital stock to its original amount in case the
capital has been impaired by '
Approved, March 2, 18G8.
No. 16.—A Resolution authorizing the light-
House Board to place Warnings over .Ob-
structions at the Entrance of Harbors, or
in the Fairway of Bays and Soands, and for
other purposes.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congre,<>s assembled,That the Light- bouse Board
be, and they are hereby, authorized, when, in
their judgment, it is deemed necessary, to
place a light-vessel, or other suitable warning
of danger, on or over any wreck or temporary
obstruction to the entrance of any harbor, or
in the channel or fairway of any bay or sound.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the
Secretary of War is hereby directed to appoint
a board of competent engineers, to consist of
not less than three persons, to examine the
condition of the wreck of the steamer Scotland,
now in the waters of the harbor of the city of
New York, and ascertain whether the same is
dangerous to navigation, and to report thereon
at as early a da.y as practicable, with a par-
ticular estimate of the cost of the removal of
said wreck.
Approved, March 2, 1868.
No. 17.—A Resolution relating to the Survey
of the Northern and Northwestern Lakes.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the second section
of an act entitled " An act making appropri-
ations for the construction, preservation, and
repairs of certain fortifications and other works
of defense for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,"
approved March second, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, shall not apply to the appropri-
ation for the survey of northern and north-
western lakes.
Approved, March 2, 1808.
No. 18.—A Resolution providing for the Rep-
resentation of the United States at the In-
ternational Maritime Exhibition, to be held
at Havre.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Navy be authorized to detail one or more offi-
cers of the Navy, as he shall think best, to be
present at the International Maritime Exhibi-
tion, to be held at Havre, under the auspices of
the French Government, from the first of June
to thirty-first of October of the present year,
there to represent theUnited States, and other-
wise to promote the interests of exhibitors from
our country: Provided, That no expenditure
shall accrue therefrom to the Treasury, or to
any public fund, nor shall any mileage or other
expenses, or any additional compensation be
paid to such persons as may be designated
under authority of this resolution, nor shall
any national or public vessel be employed to
convey the officers so detailed to or from the
place of such exhibition.
Approved, March 12, 1868.
No. 19.—A Resolution providing for the Issue
of Clothing to Soldiers and others, to re-
place Clothing destroyed to prevent Conta-
gion.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, ThattheSecretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized at any time,
on the recommendation of the Surgeon General
of the Army, to order gratuitous issues of cloth-
ing to soldiers who have had contagious dis-
eases, and to hospital attendants who have
nursed and attended such soldiers, to replace,
the articles of: their clothing which have been.'
destroyed by order of the proper medical oft-;
cers to prevent contagion. .
Approved, March 12, 1868.
No. 20.—Joint Resolution relative to the Post
Office and Sub-Treasury of the City of Bos-
ton. - - -• ;
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the mayor and post-
master of the city of Boston, the Assistant
Treasurer of the United States at the city of
Boston, the president1 of the Board of Trad®
of the city of Boston, Alpheus Hardy and
Daniel Davis, of Boston, be appointed a com-
mission to purchase a site for a building to-
accommodate the post office, sub-Treasury,
and public offices of the United States in the
city of Boston, in accordance with their report-
submitted to the Postmaster General and th®
Secretary of the Treasury, and by them ap-
proved, viz. s the estates lying on Devon-,
shire street, and between Water street and.
Milk street, in the city of Boston, (containing
about thirty thousand square feet,) and that
they be authorized to purchase the same for a
sum not exceeding five hundred thousand dol-
lars ; and the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized to pay such sum of money
as may be necessary to carry the foregoing
resolutions into effect from any money in the
Treasury hereafter to be appropriated: Pro-
vided, That no money shall be paid out of tlie
Treasury in pursuance of this resolution until
the title to the aforesaid estates shall be prop-
erly certified by the United States district
attorney for the district of Massachusetts.
Approved, March 12, 1868.
No. 23.—A Resolution to authorize the erec-
tion of a Military Storehouse at Fort Mon-
roe, Virginia.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
seniatires of the United States of America-in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized to grant per-
mission to William H. Kimberly, Army and
Navy contractor at Fort Monroe, Virginia, to
rebuild the military storehouse recently de-
stroyed by fire at that post, upon such condi-
tions and under such restrictions as the Secre-
tary of War shall deem compatible with the
interests of the Government.
Approved, March 16, 1868.
No. 24.—Joint Resolution appointing Man-
agers of the National Asylum for Disabled
Soldiers, and for other purposes.
Be itresolvedbythe Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Americain
Congress assembled, That Erastus B. Walcott,
of Wisconsin, John H. Martindale, of New
York, and Hugh L. Bond, of Maryland, be,
and hereby are, appointed managers of the
National Asylum for Disabled Soldiers, under
the provisions and conditions of the third sec-
tion of an act approved March twenty- third,
[first,] eighteen hundred and sixty-six, from
the twenty-first of April, eighteen hundredand
sixty-eight; and that Hugh L. Bond, of Mary-
land, be, and is hereby, appointed manager
to serve out the unexpired terra of Horatio G.
Stebbins, of California, resigned.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the
Secretary of War be authorized to furnish,
from the captured ordnance, such ordnance
with their implements as he may deem proper
to the several national asylums for the puj pose
of firing salutes : and also such small anus and
