1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
571
Laws of the United States.
40th Cong....2d Sess,
equipments as may be necessary for the pur-
pose of guard duty at the asylums.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
B. F. WADE,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
Indorsed by the President : "Received 12th
March, 1868."
[Note by the Department of State.—The
foregoing resolution having been presented to
the President of the United States for his ap-
pioval, and not having been returned by him
to the House of Congress in which it originated
within the time prescribed by the Constitution
of theUnited States, has become a lawwithout
his approval.]
No. 25.—Joint Resolution requiring certain
Moneys of the United States to be paid into
the Treasury, and for other purposes.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all moneys which
have been received byany officeroremploye[e]
of the Government, or any Department thereof,
from sales of captured and abandoned prop-
erty in the late insurrectionary districts, under
or under color of the several acts of Congress
providing for the collection and sale of such
property, and which have not already been
actually covered into the Treasury, shall imme-
diately be paid into the Treasury of the United
States, together with any interest which has
been received or accrued thereon.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That if
any officer or person having the custody, pos-
session or control of any money derived or
arising from the sale or other disposition of
any such property mentioned in the preceding
. section shall convert the same to his own use,
or shall refuse or neglect for the space of thirty
days next after the passage of this resolution
to pay the same into the Treasury of the United
Slates, or shall in anywise pay away or dispose
of the same otherwise than by paying the same
into the Treasury as aforesaid, shall be deemed
and held guilty of embezzling the public money
of the United States, and shall be punished
therefor by imprisonment for a term of not
more than ten years, and shall pay a fine equal
to the stun so embezzled.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, That a
sum of the proceeds of such sales not exceed-
ing seventy-five thousand dollars is hereby
appropriated for the payment of the necessary
expenses incurred by or under the authority of
the Secretary of the Treasury for incidental
expenses in acting under the laws respecting
the collection and disposition of captured and
abandoned property, and for the necessary
expenses of defending, in the discretion of the
Secretary of the Treasury, such suits as have
been brought against him or his agents in the
premises, and for prosecuting suits in the
United States for the recovery of such property,
and for providing for the defense of the United
States against, suits for or in respect to such
ptoperty in the Court of Claims.
Aim'boved, March 30, 18G8.
No. 28.—A Resolution for the appointment of
a Commission to select suitable locations for
Powder Magazines.
llesolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Navy be, and he hereby is, authorized and
directed to select three competent officers of
the Navy to constitute a commission, whose
dulv it shall be to examine and report upon
the* practicability of securing more suitable
sites for powder magazines than those now
used in the vicinity-of New York, Boston, a.nd
Portsmouth, New Hampshire; also to report the
cost of procuring the said sites, and the prob-
able expense of erecting magazines thereon.
Appiioved, May 19, 1868.
No. SO.—Joint Resolution concerning certain
Lands granted to Railroad Companies in the
States of Michigan and Wisconsin.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That a failure to grade
twenty miles of the roads within two years
from the passage of the act entitled " An act
to extend the time for the completion of cer-
tain railroads to which land grants have been
made in the States of Michigan and Wiscon-
sin," approved on the third day of March,
anno Domini eighteen hundred and sixty five,
and twenty miles additional thereof in each
year thereafter, as required by said act, shall
not cause any forfeiture or reversion to the
United States of any lands granted to the said
States, or either of them, to aid in the con-
struction of the railroads described: Provided,
That said companies, or either of them, shall
fully complete their said railroads in the man-
ner required by law on or before the thirty-first
December, anno Domini eighteen hundred arid
seventy-two, at which time a failure shall for-
feit the lands to the United States : Provided,
[That] the provisions of this section shall
apply only to the chartered and projected line
of railway from the city of Pond du Lac, in the
State of Wisconsin, northerly to Esconaba, in
the State of Michigan, and the chartered and
projected line of railway from Marquette, in
the State of Michigan, westerly to Ontonagon,
in the same State: And provided further,
That if the said Marquette and Ontonagon
Railroad Company, in the State of Michigan,
shall not have completed according to law ten
additional miles of their railroad on or before
the first day of January, A. D. eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-nine, and shall not in like man-
ner complete ten miles of said railroad in each
and every year thereafter, then it shall be law-
ful for the Legislature of the said State of
Michigan to declare the grant of lands to said
company to be forfeited and to confer the said
grant of lands upon some other company in
the same manner as if the said grant was now
for the first time made to the said State of
Michigan.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further resolved, That the
Commissioner of the General Land Office be,
and he hereby'is, authorized and directed to
cause a patent, in due form of law, to be issued
to the Chicago and Northwestern Railway Com-
pany, in pursuance of a resolution passed by
Congress granting the same to the State of
Wisconsin, approved April twenty-five, anno
Domini eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and
an act oftheLegislature of Wisconsin, approved
June sixteen, anno Domini eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, granting the same to said com-
pany for eighty acres of land of the Fort How-
ard military reserve, as the same was surveyed
and approved by said Commissioner on the
eleventh June, anno Domini eighteen hundred
and sixty-four.
Appiioved, May 20, 1868.
No. 31.—Joint Resolution .in relation to the
Breakwater at Portland, Maine.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That so much of the un-
expended balance of the appropriation for the
breakwater in Portland harbor, Maine, as the
chief engineer shall deem proper, may be ex-
pended under his direction in excavating the
"middle ground near said breakwater, and ji
in otherwise protecting the channel from injury ji
by filling and improving the same. j!
Approved, June 5, 1868. t'
No. 32.—Joint Resolution to supply Books and
Public Documents to the National Asylum
for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of AmericCbin
Congress assembled. That the Secretary of the
Senate and the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives caose to be sent to the National
Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers, at
Dayton, Ohio, and to the brancfaes-«t Aegosta,,
Maine, and Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and the
Soldier's Home at Knightstown Springs, near
Knightstown, Indiana, each, one copy each of
the following documents, namely: the Journals
of each House of Congress at each and every ses-
sion ; alllaws of Congress; the annual messages
ofthePresident,withaceo4npanyingdoeuments;
and all other documents or books which may be
printed and bound by order of either House of
Congress, including the Congressional Globe ;
beginning with the Thirty-Seventh Congress.
Approved, June 8, 1868.
No. -33.—Joint Resolution to provide for the
removal of a Suit pending in the Circuit
Court of Jefferson County, West. Virginia,
to the Circuit Court of the United States.
Whereas a suit of ejectment is now pending
in the circuit court of Jefferson county, in West
Virginia, against the tenant in possession, to
recover possession of the Harper's Ferry prop-
erty, owned by the United States, and it is
doubtful whether under any existing law of the
United States the said suit can be removed to
the circuit courtof the UnitedStates: Therefore,
Be itresol ed by the Senateand Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That it shall be the duty
of the circuit court of the United States for the
district of West Virginia, if in session, or of
the judge theteof in vacation, on the applica-
tion of the defendant in said suit, showing that
the property sought to be recovered by the said
suit is owned or claimed by the United States
under color of title, and verifying the facts set
out in such application by this [his] affidavit,
to issue a writ by certiorari, directed to the said
State court, directing it to send the record and
proceedings in said suit to the said circuit court
of the United States, a duplicate of which writ
shall be delivered to the clerk of the said State
court, or left at his office by the marshal of the
said district, or his deputy or other person
thereto duly authorized, and thereupon the
said State court shall stay all further proceed-
ings in said suit; and upon the return of the
said writ, the said suit shall be docketed in the
said circuit court of the United States, and
there proceeded in according to law, and all
further proceedings had therein in the said
State court shall be null and void.
Approved, June 10, 1808.
No. 34.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to furnish Supplies to an Ex-
ploring Expedition.
Beit resolvedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary ol \V ar
be, and he is hereby, authorized and empow-
ered to issue rations for twenty-five men of the
expedition engaged in the exploration of the
river Colorado, under direction of Professor
Powell, while engaged in that work : Provided,
That such issue is not detrimental to the inter-
ests of the military service.
Appkoved, June 11, 1808.
No. 37.—Joint Resolution requesting the Pres-
ident to intercede with her Majesty the Queen
of Great Britain to secure tile speedy Re-
lease of Reverend John McMahon, convicted
on a. charge of Treason-Felonv, and now
confined at Kingston, Canada West.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President, ot the
