1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
should be exceedingly slow to condemn. If a j
particle of sand may change the course of
river?, and a pebble carelessly tossed upon the
bosoui of the ocean may change the location
of continents, is it strange that the slightest
impulses of passion may disturb the human
judgment ?
The mind of man may be compared tothesen-
sitive plate of the photographer— the stronger
the light the more enduring the picture. And
so oue marked case of wrong may leave an
impression which can never be effaced. One
individual case of suffering which could not be
avoided may drive the friends of the sufferer
to disregard the miseries of millions of their
fellow-beings. How often a wrong done to one
of our own race blinds us to the wrongs borne
by thousands of others equally entitled to the
kind offices of humanity! A relative excluded
from the ballot for disloyalty may cause us to
endure the crime of treason, and forgive him
for excluding others.
Mr. X oell, in September last, while on a visit
to St. Louis, was stricken down by disease and
died in that city on the 4th of October. His
death comes to remind us here, in the discharge
of duties, tlidt life, with all its passions and
conflicts, is of short duration. Ihe offices we
perform to-day for him must soon be performed
for each of us. As wecannot escape the inex-
orable law of our nature, we should so live, as
I believe he endeavored to live, that those who
take our places may find in our labors the cause
of civilization promoted and the condition of
mankind made better.
Mr. President, I offer the following resolu-
tion :
Retolved, That the Senate has received, with deep
•ensibility, the announcement of the death of Hon.
Thomas E. Noei.i.. late a member of the House of
Representatives trom the State of Missouri.
Retoloed, That the members of the Senate, as a
mark of respect for the memory of the deceased, will
go into mourning by wearing crape on tbe left arm
for the space of thirty days.
Resolved, That, as a further mark of respect for the
memory ot the deceased, the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, after the re-
marks of my colleague in reference to the death
of this young friend of ours in the other House,
I do not feel that there is much room for any-
thing additional to be said by me. The partic-
ulars in reference to the life of Mr. Noeli. have
been stated, and all that I can say is that in the
limited acquaintance which I enjoyed with that
gentleman I was always struck with his amia-
ble disposition, his courteous demeanor, and
his uprightness of character. He lived at a
considerable distance from my home, and I
had but very slight personal acquaintance with
him. These are the impressions that that ac-
quaintance made upon my mind, and I take
Elea.sure in bearing my testimony to his worth
ere on this occasion.
The resolutions were adopted; and the Sen- .
ate adjourned.
MOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 22, 1868.
The House metat twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain ,Jev. C. B. Boyxtox.
The reading oftlie Journal of yesterday was
commenced, but before it was concluded,
Mr. BOUTWELL moved that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to. j
first presbyterian church. ,
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, by some ,
misapprehension, a bill introduced yesterday
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Koontz,J House bill No. 502, to incorporate
the First Presbyterian Church of Washington,
District of Columbia, was referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia. A bill pre-
cisely similar was passed by both Houses before j
the late holiday recess, but on account of
some oversight failed to reach the President in
time for his signature. I move to reconsider
the vote by which .the bill was referred, and
hope that the House will consent to take up
the bill and pass it now.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection,
the motion to reconsider will be regarded as
adopted, and the bill will be put upon its pas-
sage.
There was no objection.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. IIOLMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
deficiency appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
this niorninj* is the bill pending last evening
when the House adjourned—House bill No.
320—making appropriations to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the execution of
the reconstruction laws and for the service of
the quartermaster's department of the Gov-
ernment for the fiscal year ending June 80,
18G8, and for other purposes.
Mr. BUTLER. I move that this bill be
considered by the House as in Committee of
the Whole, five minutes being allowed for
speeches for or against amendments.
There being no objection, the motion was
agreed to.
rights of american citizens abroad.
Mr. BOUTWELL, by unanimous consent,
presented resolutions adopted at a mass meet-
ing in Lowell, Massachusetts, in regard to the
rights of American citizens abroad. i
The resolutions were read, as follows:
Resolutions read and adopted at mass meeting of
citizens held atHuntington Hall, city of Lowell, Mas-
sachusetts, January 18, 1868, bis Honor G. F. Rich-
ardson, the mayor, president:
Whereas the United States of America having in-
vited to her shores the oppressed of all countries, the
martyr of every creed, the victim of despotic arro-
gance or superstitious frenzy, to find refuge, and by
renouncing forever all allegiance to evcrv prince,
potentate, State, or sovereignty whatever, conlers on
them the ri^ht of citizenship ; and whereas in tak-
ing said oath every Irishman believed that he had
forever renounced the yoke of English tyranny that
has for centuries oppressed his native land; and
whereas for the past two years the Government of
Great Britain has in direct violation of international
law and without justification seized on the persons
of American citizens traveling abroad, and have
detained them in prison without legal accusation or ,
indictment; and whereas these outrages have led to
a revival of the claim which produced the war of
1812, and is now decided by the English court, "Once
a subject a subject forever," under which decision
American citizens have been hung as traitors to a
Government to which they owed no allegiance with-
out any remonstrance from the United States min-
ister to Great Britain :
Resolved, That as the oath of allegiance imposes
on the naturalized citizen the same duties as tbe na-
tive born, they should also receive the same protec-
tion from the Government to which they have Bworn
allegiance, and we call upon the Executive of the
United States to enforce this principle at all hazards
in order to preserve her national honor and dignity.
Resolved, That we call upon the United States
Government to define the rights of citizens abroad,
and a complete disavowal of that infamous principle
of English law, as recently expounded by English
judges, "That a naturalized citizen of the United
States still remains a subject of England."
The resolutions were referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
sale of hay and straw.
Mr. STONE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 504) to regulate the
sale of hay and straw in the District of Colum-
bia; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
personal explanation.
Mr. PILE. I ask unanimous consent to
make a brief personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the gentleman will proceed.
There was no objection.
Mr. PILE. Mr. Speaker, in the Globe con-
taining the proceedings of this House of Sat-
urday, 11th instant, I am made to say the fol-
lowing :
"I desire to say, in explanation of what I said on
the day before yesterday, at the suggestion of two
gentlemen from Illinois, with regard to Dr. Fowler
and his connection with certain transactions at St.
Louis, that the dootor has sinee called upen me and
assured me that he withdrew from the firm connected
with Mr. Goodell before the majority of those trans-
act lulls to which so much odium attaches in that sec-
tion of country, and was not personally responsible
for them, whatever they may have been."
What I meant to say was that Dr. Fowler
stated to me that the firm of which he was a
member dissolved in the summer of 18G4. Thir
was before the transactions occurred that I
have heard referred to in the West.
I wish to correct this statement accordingly,
and to say that I know nothing myself person-
ally of the connection of either of those men
with the Government as contractors. Their
names were used by me in the form of a ques-
tion to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Mar-
shall] on the suggestion and authority of the
two other gentlemen from Illinois, [Mr. Logan
and Mr. Washburne.] I disclaim any per-
sonal knowledge of fraud by the firm of E. 8.
Fowler & Co. or the two gentlemen named.
military reservation, fort riley.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of AVar be directed to
inlorm the House oftlie number of acres of land con-
tained in tbe military reservation of Port Riley, and
whether or not the whole of said reservation is
needed for military purposes.
steamship vandeiibilt.
Mr. TABER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be di-
rected to report to this House whatservice the United
States steamship Vanderbilt is employed in, where
stationed, and the present condition of the hull and
machinery of said vessel.
aaron devers.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 505) grant-
ing a pension to Aaron Devers, a soldier of
the war of 1812; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and of the War of
1812.
hester faulkner.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
506) granting a pension to Hester Faulkner,
widow of John Faulkner; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
sarah a. wilklow.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, also iutrodueed a bill (H. R. No. 507)
granting a pension to Mrs. Sarah A. Wilklow;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
william hutchens.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, also introduced a bill (H. R. No. 508)
granting a pension to William Hutchens, a
soldier of the war for the suppression of the
rebellion; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
navy-yard at grand iiayen, michigan.
Mr. FERRY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be,
and are hereby, instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency and propriety of establishing a navy-yard and
naval depot at Grand Haven, Michigan; and they
havo leave to report by bill or otherwise.
western judicial district op missouri.
Mr. GRAVELY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 509) to create
the southwestern judicial district of Missouri;
which was read a ffrst &nd second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
sufferings of soldiers in alaska.
Mr. BUTLER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following preamble and resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to;
It having been reported in the publio journals that
