1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBE.
m
Laws of the United States.
40th GosrG....2n Sim.
No. 56.—Joint Resolution to extend the Time
for the completion of the West Wisconsin
Railroad.
Be it resolved by the Senate and HouseofRep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the time fixed and
limited by an act entitled "An act granting
lands to aid in the construction of certain rail-
roads in the State of Wisconsin," approved
May five, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, for
the completion of the railroad from Tomah, in
the county of Monroe, to Saint Croix river or
lake, between townships twenty-five and thirty-
one, be, and the same is hereby, further ex-
tended for a period of three years to the West
Wisconsin .Railroad Company, a corporation
established by the laws of the State of Wiscon-
sin, and which, by the law of said State, is
entitled to the land grant made in the second
section of said act: Provided, That if said
railway company shall not have completed said
railroad from Tomah to Black River Falls on
or before the expiration of one year from the
passage of this resolution, this act shall be null
and void.
Approted, July 13, 1868.
No. 58.—AResolution excluding from theElec-
toral College Votes of States lately in Rebel-
lion, which shall not have been reorganized.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That none of the States
whose inhabitants were lately in rebellion shall
be entitled to representation in the Electoral
College for the choice of President or Vice
President of the United States, nor shall any
electoral votes be received or counted from
any of such States, unless at the time pre-
scribed by law for the choice of electors the
people of such States, pursuant to the acts of
Congress in that behalf, shall have, since the
fourth day of March, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, adopted a constitution of State
government under which a State government
shall have been organized and shall be in oper-
ation, nor unless such election of electors shall
have been held under the authority of such
constitution and government, and such State
shall have also become entitled to representa-
tion in Congress, pursuant to the acts of Con-
gress in that behalf: Provided, That nothing
herein contained shall be construed to apply
to any State which was represented in Congress
on the fourth day of March, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
B. F. WADE,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
Is Sexate op the United Statss,
July 20, 1868.
The President of the United States having
returned to the Senate, in which it originated,
the bill entitled ''A resolution excluding from
the Electoral College votes of States lately m
rebellion which shall not have been reorgan-
ized, " with his objections thereto, the Senate
proceeded, in pursuance of the Constitution,
to reconsider the same; and
Resolved, That the said bill do pass, two
thirds of the Senate agreeing to pass the same.
Attest: GEO. C. G-ORHAM,
Secretary of the Senate.
In the House of Representatives,
July 20, 1868.
The House of Representatives having pro-
ceeded. in pursuance of the Constitution, to
reconsider the bill entitled " A resolution ex-
cluding from the Electoral^ Coll,e^ votis of
States lately in rebellion which shall not have
been reorganized,'" returned to the Senate by
the President of the United States, with his
objections, and sent by the Senate to the House
of Representatives, with the message of the
President returning the bill—
Resolved, That the bill do pass, two thirds
of the House of Representatives agreeing to
pass the same.
EDWD. HcPHERSON, Clerk.
No. 59—A Resolution authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to issue an American
Register to the British-built Brig Highland
Mary.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
issue an American register to the British-built
brig Highland Mary, owned by H. and S.
French, of Sag Harbor, New York.
Approved, July 20, 1808.
No. 60—Joint Resolution in relation to the
Rock Island Bridge.
Beit resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the act of Con-
gress " making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, and for
6ther purposes," approved March two, eight-
een hundred and sixty-seven, be, and the
same is hereby, so amended as to authorize
and direct the Secretary of War to order the
commencement of work on the bridge over
the Mississippi river at Rock Island, to con-
nect the said island with the cities of Daven-
port and Rock Island: Provided, That the
ownership of said bridge shall be and remain
in the United States, and the Rock Island and
Pacific Railroad Company shall have the right
of way over said bridge for all purposes of
transit across the island and river, upon con-
dition that the said railroad company shall pay
to the United States, first, half of the cost of
the superstructure of the bridge over the main
channel and half the cost of keeping the same
in repair, and shall also build at its own cost
the bridge over that part of the river which is
on the east side of the island of Rock Island,
and also the railroad on and across said island
of Rock Island ; and upon a full compliance
with these conditions said railroad company
shall have the use of said bridge for the pur-
poses of free transit, but without any claim to
the ownership thereof; and said railroad com-
pany shall, within six months after said new
bridge is ready for use, remove their old bridge
from the river and their railroad track from its
present location on the island of Rock Island:
And provided further, That the Government
may permit any other road or roads wishing
to cross on said bridge to do so by paying to
the parties then in interest the proportionate
cost of said bridge, but no such permission to
other roads shall impair the righthereby granted
to the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Rail-
road Company ; and that the total cost of said
bridge shall not exceed the estimates made by
the commissioners appointed under the act
approved June twenty-seven, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six : And provided also, That in no
case'shall the expenditure on the part of the
United States exceed one million dollars.
Sbo. 2.Andbeit further resolved, Thatincase
the Rock Island and Pacific Railroad Company
shall neglect or fail, for sixty days after the
passage of this resolution, to make and guaranty
the agreement specified in the act of appropria-
tion aforesaid, approved March second, eight-
een hundred and sixty-seven,then theSeeretary
of War shall be, and is hereby, authorized and
required to direct the removal of the existing
bridge and to direct the construction of the
bridge aforesaid, and expend the money appro-
priated for that purpose in said act; and the
said Rock Islandand Pacific Railroad Company
shall not have, acquire, or enjoy any right ox
way, or privilege thereon, or the o'se of said
bridge, until the agreement aforesaid shall be
made and guarantied according to the terms
and conditions of said act of appropriation.
All acts or parts of acts inconsistent with these
resolutions are hereby repealed.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, That any
bridge built under the provisions of this.reso-
lution shall be constructed so as to conform to
the requirements of section two of an act enti-
tled "An act to authorize the construction of
certain bridges, and to establish them as post
roads," approved July twenty-fifth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six.
Approved, July 20, 1868.
No. 61.—Joint Resolution directing the Secre-
tary of War to sell damaged or unserviceable
Arms, Ordnance, and Ordnance Stores.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed
to cause to be sold, after offer at public sale on
thirty days' notice, in such manner and at such
times and places, at public or private sale, as
he may deem most advantageous to the public
interest, the old cannon, arms, and other ord-
nance stores now in possession of the War
Department which are damaged or otherwise
unsuitable for the United States military ser-
vice, or for the militia of the United States, and
to causc the net proceeds of such sales, after
paying all proper expenses of sale and trans-
portation to the place of sale, to be deposited
in the Treasury of the United States.
Approved, July 20, 1868.
No. 62.—Joint Resolution authorizingthe Issue
of Clothing to Company F, eighteenth Regi-
ment United States Infantry.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary-of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized to issue to the
thirty-three enlisted men of company F, eight-
eenth regiment U. S. infantry, clothing in lieu
of, and equal in amount to, that lost by them
in crossing the North Platte river, in June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, as shown and
recommended in the report of the board of
survey convened under special order number
three, headquarters post Fort Bridger, Utah,
of date of January twenty-fourth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven.
Approved, July 20, 1868.
No. 63.—Joint Resolution to grant [an] Ameri-
can Register to Hawaiian Brig Victoria.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized and directed to
issue [an] American register to the derelict
Hawaiian brig Victoria, said vessel being now
ownedbyacitizenofSan Francisco, California.
Approved, July 20, 1868.
No. 64.—Joint Resolution exonerating certain
Vessels of the United States from the Pay-
ment of Tonnage Fees to Consular Agents
in Canada.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That hereafter no consul
or consular agent of the United States shall
exact tonnage fees from any vessel of the
United States touching at or near ports in
Canada, on her regular voyage from one port
to another within the United States, unless
said consul or consular agent shall perform some
official services, required by law, for such ves-
