1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
575
Laws of the United States.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
No. 80.—Joint Resolution giving the Assent
of the United States to the Construction of
certain Wharves in the Harbor of Oswego,
New York.
Whereas the common council of the city of
Oswego, in the State of New York, by resolu-
tions unanimously adopted April seventh, eight-
een hundred and sixty-eight, and May twelfth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, in pursu-
ance of the authority granted them by the
Legislature of New York in the charter x)f
said city, have given permission to the owners
of lots eleven and twelve, also of lots thirteen,
fourteen, eighty-one, and eighty-two, and of
lots fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, and eighteen,
in fortification block number two, in the first
ward of said city, to construct wharves in front
of said lots, seventy feet in width, and extend-
ing northerly so that the north end of said
wharves may be on a line with the north' line
of the Ontario elevator pier, but not less than
two hundred and fifty feet distant from the
nearest point of the United States pier, which
wharves will extend into the navigable waters
of said harbor: Therefore,
Beitresolvedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the assent of the
United States be, and the same is hereby,
given, so far as Congress has power to give
the same, to the owners of the lots above
mentioned, to construct said wharves in accord-
ance with the terms of said resolutions, subject,
however, to the approval of the engineer de-
partment of the Army.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
No. 81.—A Resolution to drop from the Rolls
of the Army certain Officers absent without
authority from their Commands.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following-named
officers of the Army reported by the Secretary
of War absent from their commands without
authority, be, and they are hereby, dropped
from the rolls, with loss of all pay and allow-
ances, viz. : First Lieutenant D. H. Weiland,
sixth infantry; First Lieutenant H. H. Lanty,
fourth infantry; First Lieutenant A. J. Mc-
Donald, fifth artillery; First Lieutenant Rich-
ard Wilson, third artillery; Second Lieutenant
J. W. Godman, sixth infantry; Second Lieu-
tenant Guy Morrison, tenth infantry. This
resolution to take effect from the dates at which
they absented themselves from their regiments.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
No. 82.—A Resolution Jokit Resolution Ap-
pealing to the Turkish Government in behalf
of the People of Crete.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the people of the
United States renew the expression of their
sympathy with the suffering people of Crete,
to whom they are bound by the ties of a com-
mon religion and by the gratitude due to the
Greek race, of which the Cretans are a part;
that they rejoice to believe that the sufferings
of this interesting people may be happily term-
inated by a policy of forbearance on the part
of the Turkish Government, and they hereby
declare their earnest hope that the Turkish
Government will listen kindly to this repre-
sentation, and will speedily adopt such gener-
ous steps as will secure to Crete the much-
desired blessings of peace and the advantages
of autonomic government.
Sec. [2.] And be it further resolved, That
religion, civilization, and humanity require
thai the existing contest in Crete should be
brought to a close, and to accomplish this re-
sult the civilized Powers of the world should
unite in friendly influence with the Govern-
ment of Turkey.
Sec. [3.] And be it further resolved, That it
shall be the duty of the President to instruct
the minister of the United States at Constan-
tinople to eooperatc with the ministers of other
Powers in all good offices to terminate the
sufferings of the people of Crete ; and that it
shall be the further duty of the President to
communicate a copy of this resolution to the
Government of Turkey.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
No. 83.—Joint Resolution to aid in Relieving
from Peonage Women and Children of the
Navajo Indians.
Be it resolved by the Senate andHouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of An- nca in
Congress assembled, That Lieutenant General
Yf. T. Sherman be, and is hereby, authorized
and requested to use the most efficient means
his judgment will approve to reclaim from peon-
age the women and children of the Navajo
Indians, now held in slavery in the territory
adjacent to their homes and the reservation on
which the Navajo Indians have been confined.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
No. 84.—Joint Resolution relative to the Pay
of the Chief Clerk in the Office of the Ser-
geant-at-Arms of the House.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Clerk is directed
to pay from the contingent fund of the House
to the chief clerk in the office of the Sergeant-
at-Arms the difference between his present pay
and the amount voted him by a resolution of
the House, passed June twenty-fifth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, thereby fixing the salary
of the clerk in the office of the Sergeant-at-
Arms at twenty-five hundred dollars per au-
num.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
