694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
post at Marshall, Texas, of a riot at that place on
tho Slst of December, ISO"; and if so to transmit a
copy of tho same.
suspension of issue of ten-forties.
Mr. ROSS. I ask unanimous consent to ;
submit the following resolution:
Renolved, That tho Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, instructed to suspend any further
issue of ten-forty United States bonds until lurtlier
congressional action shall bo had thereon.
Mr. UPSON. I object.
special treasury agents.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of tho Treasury is
hereby directed to inform this House the number of
revenue inspectors and special treasury ajrents now
in tho employ of the Government, and by whom they
were appointed, and upon whose recouimondation ;
and if any of them were appointed on the indorse-
ment or recommendation oi the present Commis-
sioner of Internal Revctfue state how many ; and if
any were appointed without the indorsement or rec-
ommendation of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue state how many, and upon whose recommenda-
tion they were appointed and by whom appointed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object,
as two resolutions have already been adopted
on that subject.
affixing of stamps by payee, etc.
Mr. HAWKINS, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire into the propriety of so amend-
ing the act of —j— as to authorize the payee in
all bills, single promissory notes, and bonds for the
pnyment of money, to affix and cancel the steamer
stamps now required by law to be affixed to any of
said instruments in all eases where the maker thereof
has failed to do so, but in such manner as not to re-
lease tho party making any of said instruments from
the penalties now provided by law ; and that they
report by bill or otherwise.
abolition of franking privilege.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That in view of the great and constan tly
increasing frauds connected with the franking priv-
ilege, and the manifest necessity of economy in every
department of the Government, the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads be instructed to inquiro
into the expediency of totally abolishing said priv-
ilege.
southern schools.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, also
offered the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Education and
Labor be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of providing by law for a general system ot educa-
tion in the districts lately in rebellion, including a
sufficient number of common schools for the educa-
tion of every child, irrespective of race or other dis-
tinction, between the ages of .five and twenty years.
message from tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Fornet,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the amendment of the House to the
joint resolution of the Senate (S. R. No. 75)
limiting contracts for. stationery and other
supplies in the Executive Departments to one
year.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 270) for the
temporary relief of destitute people in. the
District of Columbia; in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the further conference
asked for by the House on the disagnieing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R.
No. 207) to provide for the exemption of cot-
ton from an internal tax, and had appointed
Mr. Morrill of Vermont, Mr. Sherman, and
Mr. Hendricks the conferees on the part of
the Senate.
examination in the marine service.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 514) to provide for
the examination of masters and mates in the
marine service; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
public marine schools.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, also in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 514) to encourage
the establishment of public mariue schools.
territory of wyoming.
Mr. DODGE asked unanimous consent to
introduce ft bill to provide a temporary govern-
ment for the Territory of Wyoming.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objected.
soldiers' bounties.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, from the
Committee on Military Affairs, to which was
referred the Senate amendment of House bill
No. 127, in relation to additional bounty, re-
ported the same back with an amendment.
The original House bill was read, and then
the amendment of the Senate, as follows :
Strike out all after tho enacting clause and insert:
That if a person entitled as a soldior to the bounty
provided by sections twelve nnd thirteen of the act
making appropriations forthecivil service, approved
July 28, ia«, has died or shall dio before receiving
said bounty, it shall be paid to tho heirs of the sol-
dier, as designated in said act, in the order therein
named, and to none other.
The amendment reported by the committee
was to insert in line one after the word "per- <
son" the words "or persons," and to strike
out in line two the words " &s a soldier ;" so
that it will read, " that if a person or persons (
entitled to the bounty," &c.
I Mr. HOLMAN. 1 desire to state that I in-
1 troduced the original bill which passed the
j House at the July session. It is impossible
for me to tell from so hasty a reading of the |
1 amendment of the Senate whether it accom- 1
plishes the same object that I sought or not. |
Of course if it does my end is accomplished. '
I trust the bill with the amendments will be
recommitted with a motion to reconsider, so
that it can be called up at any time hereafter
and passed. Give us an opportunity to see
whether the object aimed at is fully accom-
plished.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I cannot j
tell the object aimed at by the gentleman in |
July. The amendment of the Senate extends
the bounty to all the parties in the order named
, in that act, where the party entitled under the
act has died, whether the soldier, widow, or
j children, as named in the act. If^they have
1 died we give it, to the heirs, as designated in
the bounty act.
Mr. HOLMAN. After the passage of the
act ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. After the
passage of the act.
Mr. HOLMAN. The object to be accom-
plished by this measure was to provide that
where a soldier had died before the passage of
this bounty act, but after he left the service of
the United States, then his widow and children
in order should receive the bounty. That was
certainly the intention of the House when the
bill passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Where the
soldier has died at any time after leaving the
service we give it to the widow, and if the
widow is dead we give it to the children.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does this bill as it
now stands extend the benefits of the bounty
act to the widows and heirs of soldiers who
have died since that act passed, but who were
not at the time of the passage of that act enti-
tled to its benefits by reason that the soldiers
had not died then, and does it cover the cases
of deaths from disability incurred in the service
from disease as well as from wounds?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs have under consid-
eration a proposition to increase the number
of persons who shall be entitled to the benefits
of the bounty act; but they thought it was better
first to pass an explanatory act, so as to let those
who are entitled to bounty under the original
act get it, and afterward extend the bounty law
so as to give bounty to others. The original
act did not give it to persons who were dis-
charged on account of disease contracted in
the service, and whether it would be wise or
• wrong to include them the committee have not
as yet decided. They have the whole subject
under consideration.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Everybody else has
decidcd the question if the committee has not.
I think that if a soldier died of disease con-
tracted in the service his heirs should be enti-
tled to bounty.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. That may
, be, but we did not propose to settle that ques-
tion in this bill. I now call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope my colleague will
allow me to ask him a question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. The morn-
ing hour is nearly out, and I must insist on the
demand for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired and the bill goes over until to-morrow.
Mr. PAINE. I suggest that the bill and
amendments be printed in the Globe.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make that motion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think it had better
be printed in the ordinary way ; and I move
that the bill and amendments be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
southern land grants.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 267) to
declare forfeited to the United States certain
lands granted to aid in the construction of rail-
roads in the States of Alabama, Mississippi,
Louisiana, and Florida, and for other purposes,
I which was pending yesterday after the morn-
ing hour ; and upon which the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Julian] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. JULIAN. In qrder that the House
may understand the bill, I ask that it be read.
The Clerk read the bill. The first section
declares all the public land in the States of
Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Florida,
which were granted to said States in the year
1856 to aid them in the construction of rail-
roads therein, and which have not been law-
fully disposed of by the United States, said
grants having now* expired by limitation, for-
feited to the United States, and that they shall
henceforward be subject to homestead entry
and settlement, under the act of Congress ap-
proved June 21, 1866, for the disposal of the
public lands for homestead actual settlement
in said States, precisely as are other public
lands therein under said act.
The second section provides that when the
corner posts or field marks of the public sur-
veys in any of the States aforesaid have been
S9 obliterated as to make it impossible to iden-
tify particular tracts of land, it shall be the
duty of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office to appoint an efficient and trustworthy
deputy surveyor, at a compensation to be fixed
by him, and which shall be paid by the United
States, who shall retrace the lines of the ori-
ginal survey, and establish, them in exact
accordance with the field notes of the public
surveys which have heretofore been executed
under the authority of the United States; and
no other surveyor or person shall charge or
receive any fees for the survey of any land in
any of the States to which the said act of June
21, 1866, applies, nor shall any register or
receiver in any of said States charge any claim-
ant of land under said act any fees, or receive
the same, other than those expressly provided
for in said act. And it further provides that
no reduction of the quantity of land of any
claimant shall be exacted on account of its
proximity to any railroad.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker on the 20th of
last December I called up this bill for consid-
eration, and it being doubtful whether a quo-
rum of members were then present, many
having already left for their homes, I agreed,
at the suggestion of several gentlemen, to the
postponement of the measure until the 14th
of January, and now under the regular orders
of the House we have again reached it. Let
me briefly restate the main facts necessary to
a right understanding of the question involved.
In the year 1856, it will be remembered,
Congress granted to the States of Alabama,
