578
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 11,
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Laivs of the United States.
imgttisbed services of the said Major General
Robert Anderson and his permanent disability:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be, and hereby
is, appropriated, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of fif-
teen thoasand doflars to Lars Anderson in trnst
for the exclusive use of the said Eliza 13. Ander-
son daring her lifetime ; and any part thereof
remaining at her death to be held in trust for
her children in full satisfaction of the claim
against the United States of the said Eliza B.
Anderson, for and on account; of any demand
of the late Duncan L. Clinch, deceased.
Approved, March 19, 1868.
Chap. XXXIX.—An Act for, the Relief of
Henry Greathouse and Samuel Kelly.
Beit enacted by the Senate, and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Postmaster Gen-
eral be, and he is hereby, authorized and di-
rected to adjust and settle the claim of Henry
Greathouse and Samuel Kelly, for carrying
the mails of the United States on route num-
bered sixteen thousand and one, from Placer-
ville to Idaho City, and route sixteen thousand
and two, from Payetterville to Placerville, in
the Territory of Idaho, from July first, eight-
een hundred and sixty-four, to July first, eight-
een hundred and sixty-five, and to award aud
pay to the said Henry Greathouse and Samuel
K.elly for said service such sum as may be in
accordance with the principles of equity and
justice: Provided, That the amount to be so
allowed shall not exceed eight thousand dol-
lars.
Approved, March 30, 1868.
Chap. XL.—An Act for the Relief of William
Shunk.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be paid to
William Shunk, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of six
hundred aud twenty-five dollars, being that
amount due from the United States to E. C.
Shunl<, late postmaster at Cardington, Ohio,
for salary as postmaster from January first,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, to March
thirty-first, eighteen hundred and sixty-five.
Approved, March 30, 1SC8.
Chap. XLII.—An Act refunding Duties paid
under protest on the importation from
France of a Bell donated to the use of
St. Mary's Institute and Notre Dame Uni-
versity, Indiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That trie Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized and directed to
refund to Reverend Edward Sorin, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the amount of duties paid by him
under protest to the collector of the port of
New York in eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, on a bell donated and imported from
France for the use of St. Mary's Institute and
Notre Dame University, institutions incorpo-
rated by the State of Indiana for philosophical
and literary purposes.
Approved, April 11, 1868.
Chap. XLIV—An Act providing for the Res-
toration of Lieutenant Commander Trevett
Abbott, of the United States Navy, to the
Active List of the Navy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Navy be, and he hereby is, empowered and
directed to order Trevett Abbott', lieutenant
commander in the United States Navy, on the
retired list, before the the retiring board of
the Navy for examination ; and should the said
Trevett Abbott be pronounced by the said board
morally, professionally, and personally com-
petent for active service, the'Secretary of the
Navy is authorized to restore the said AbBott
to the active list of the Navy, with the same
grade as if he had not been retired.
Approved, May 19, 1868.
Chap. XLV.—An Act^for the Relief of John
S. Cufttiingbam, Paymaster United States
Navy.
Be it enacted by the, Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Government be, and they
hereby are, authorized and directed, in the
settlement of the accounts of John S. Cun-
ningham, paymaster United States Navy, to
allow a credit to him of sixteen hundred and
seventy-one dollars and seven cents, the amount
of public money stolen from the money-chest
of the United States frigate Colorado, while
said chest was under his charge.
Approved, May 19, 1868.
Chap. XLVIT.—An Act for the Relief of
Charles E. Capehart.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Paymaster Gen-
eral of the Army of the United States is hereby
authorized and directed, out of any moneys in
his possession appropriated for the payment
of the Army, to pay to Charles E. Capehart,
late captain of company A, of the first regi-
ment of West Yirginia cavalry volunteers, the
pay and allowances of a captain of cavalry from
the second day of July, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, to the first day of March, eighteen
.hundred and sixty-three, after deducting from
the amount of said pay and allowances any
sums of money heretofore paid said Capehart
by the pay department for his services for that
time: Provided, That the said Capehart pie-
sent the usual certificates required by the rules
of the pay department upon final payment of
volunteer officers.
Approved, May 20, 1868.
Chap. LVI.—An Act for the Ilel'ef of George
Lynch, a Soldier of the War of eighteen hun-
dred and twtlve.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Sta'es of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized and directed to
allow and pay to George Lynch, a soldier of
the war of eighteen hundred aud twelve, a pen-
sion at the rate of twenty dollars per month,
in lieu of the pension of eight dollars per mouth
now received by him, to commence from and
after the passage of this act, and to continue
during his natural life.
Approved, June 8, 1868.
Chap. LVII.—An Act for the Relief of Thomas
McLean.
Beitenacted bythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Thomas McLean be,
and he is hereby, authorized to enter and pur-
chase so much of lot number one hundred and
twenty-four as has irot been disposed of in the
Stockbridge reservation, in the county of Cal-
umet, and State of Wisconsin, used and occu-
pied by him, at the price stipulated ia the third
section of the act of third March, eighteen
hundred and sixty-five, providing for the dis-
posal of said reservation, and receive a patent
therefor, the said McLean having cultivated
and occupied the same for a long series of
years. ;
Approved, June 11, 1868.
Chap. LYIfl.—An Act granting a Pension to
Bridget W. McGrorty, and the minor chil-
dren of William B. McGrorty, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives pf the United States of America in
Congress assemMed, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized and directed to
place the name of Bridget W. McGrorty, of
Saint Paul, Minnesota, widow of William B.
McGrorty, deceased, late a first lieutenant and
regimental quartermaster in the fifth regiment
Minnesota volunteers, on the pension-roll, at
the rate of seventeen dollars per month, to
commence from the sixteenth day of February,
eighteen hundred and sixtv-five, and to con-
tinue during her widowhood, and two dollara
per month to each child of said William B.
McGrorty, under the age of sixteen years, to
commence from the twenty-fifth day of July,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, and to con-
tinue until they shall respectively attain the
age of sixteen years.
Approved, June 11, 1868.
Chap. LTX.—An Act granting a Pension to
Sarah Webb, widoiw of William R. Web&,
and her minor child.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized and directed to
placetbenameof'Sarah Webb, widowofWilliaia
R. Webb, a private in company K, first regiment
Tennessee infantry volunteers, on the pensions
roll, and to pay herat the rate of eight dollars
per month, to commence from the fourteenth
day of May, eighteen hundred and sixty-three,
to continue during her widowhood, and the
additional sum of two dollars per month for
the minor child of said William R. Webb, to
commence from the twenty-fifth day of July,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, and to continue
until the said child shall have attained the.age
of sixteen years.
Approved, June 11, 18G8.
Chap. LX.—An Act granting a Pension t&
Mary Atkinson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized and directed to
place on the pension-roll the name of Mary
Atkinson, mother of Andrew B. Atkinson, late
a quartermaster in the United States Navy,
who died in the service of the United States
and in the line of duty, and allow and pay her
I a pension at the rate of twenty dollars per
j month, to commence from the passage of this
! act, and to continue during her natural life;
! said pension to be paid out of the naval pea-
! sion fund.
Approved, June 11, 1868.
Chap. LXII.—An Act to remove Political
Disabilities from Roderick R. Butler, of
Tennessee.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all legal and polit-
ical disabilities imposed by the United States
upon Roderick R. Butler, of Tennessee, in
consequence of participation in the recent re-
bellion, be, and the same are hereby, removed.
And the said Butler, on entering upon the
discharge of the duties of any office to which
he has been or may be elected or appointed,
instead of the oath prescribed by the act of
July two, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, shall
take and subscribe the following oath: I,
Roderick R. Butler, do solemnly swear (or
afBrm) that I will support and defend the Con-
stitution of the United States against all ene-
mies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear
true faith and allegiance to .the same; that T
il take this obligation freely, without any mental
