1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
897
Mr. JULIAN. I hope the gentleman from
New York will possess his soul in as much
patience as he can under this exposure of the
rebel character of his friends South.
Mr. CHANLER. The gentleman in making
any such assertion uses the words of a coward,
taking advantage of his position 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order, tlis words are out of order.
Mr. CHANLER. I appeal to the Chair if
the gentleman had any right to make a per-
sonal allusion to me?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is out of ,
order. He cannot take the floor from the gen-
tleman from Indiana except upon a point of
order.
Mr. CHANLER. I make a point of order.
I ask that the words be taken down which the
gentleman has uttered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides the
words of the gentleman from New York out
of order, if the Chair understood them. The
Chair heard the word " coward."
Mr. CHANLER. It is a question of per-
sonal allusion to me, which, as a member of
this House, I have a right to appeal to the
Chair toprotect me from.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I rise
to another point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has excepted
to words used by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Chanler,] and will first rule upon
them as soon as they are transcribed by the
reporters for The Globe and read from the
Clerk's desk.
Mr. CHANLER. I ask that the words of
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian] be
also taken down and read from the Clerk's
desk*
The SPEAKER. The words of both gen-
tlemen will be read when written out by the
reporters.
The Clerk read the words used by Mr. julian,
as follows:
"I hope the gentleman from New York wilL pos-
scss his soul in as much patience a9 he can under this
exposure of the rebel character of his friends South. '
The Clerk then read the words used by Mr.
Chanler, as follows:
"The gentleman in making any such assertion uses
the words of a coward."
Mr. CHANLER. I also said: "in availing
himself of his position.'' [Cries of "order,"
" order."]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New ■
York [Mr. Chanler] is out of order.
Mr. CHANLER. I wished mefrely to state
other words I used in that connection. If I
find an error in the statement of my own wards
have I not the right to correct it?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman ques-
tions the correctness of the statement of his
words as reported by the reporters be can cor-
Mr. CHANLER. I added to the words read
by the Clerk these words: " in presuming upon
his position upon the floor and preventing me
from replying to Jus remark."
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that the
language of the gentleman from New York
was unparliamentary and out of order. No
qualification justifies one member in calling
another member a coward.
Mr. CHANLER. Certainly, if he is one.
Mr. JULIAN. If the gentleman from New
York believes what he says he can test that
question himself at any time.
Mr. CHANLER. Very well; I will take an
early opportunity to do so. [Great laughter.]
Mr. JULIAN. If the House will now per-
mit me I will proceed.
Mr. CHANLER. Are the words of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. julian] ruled
in or out of order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has heard no
point of order made on the words last used by
the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. CHANLER. I mean the wordsto which
I took exception at first.
The SPEAKER. It is too late to raise a
point of order on tliem now.
Mr. CHANLER. I raised a point of order
on them at the time they were uttered.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman states
that he raised the point of order upon them at
the time the Chair will rule upon tnem.
Mr. CHANLER. I did raise the point, and
I ask the ruling of the Chair upon it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say that
the words of the gentleman from Indiana,
although they may not have been agreeable to
the gentleman from New York, did not violate
any rule of parliamentary law with which the
Chair is familiar.
Mr. JULIAN. I hope the gentleman from
New York is satisfied now.
The SPEAKER. Those words may have
been perhaps severe in their inference, but
they do not violate parliamentary law.
Mr. JULIAN. I hope I may now be allowed
to go on with my remarks.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remind
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian] '
that it is now three o'clock, the hour when, by
previous arrangement, the delegation from j
Missouri are to announce the death of their \
late colleague. |
Mr. JULIAN. I suppose this interruption
upon the point of order does not come out of
my time?
! The SPEAKER. It does not.
i Mr. JULIAN. If I yield now will I be
entitled to the floor to-morrow? j
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has spoken
thirty-five minutes, and will be entitled to
twenty-five minutes at the expiration of the
morning hour to-morrow.
dbath of hon. thomas e. noell. i
Mr. NEWCOMB. Mr. Speaker, it becomes
my duty to announce to this House the death
i of my colleague, Hon. Thomas E. Noell,
| Representative from the third congressional
district of Missouri. He died in t.ie city of
: St. Louis, on the 4th day of October, A. D.
1 1867, after a long and painful illness.
I Mr. Noell was born.in Perryville, Perry
i county, Missouri, on the 3d day of April, 183'J,
and at the time of his death was but twenty-
eight years of age. He was the youngest man
, in the Thirty-Ninth and Fortieth Congresses,
having but just attained the age required by
the Constitution when elected to represent his
district in this House.
Mr. Noell's opportunities for education were
limited to such advantages as the schools of
that portion of the State afforded, and was
not beyond the common English branches.
Yet his own industry and studious habits, with
a decided literary taste, compensated largely
I for any defect in his early education. His
reading was quite extensive for one of his
years, and of the best and choicest authors.
Mr. Noell selected early in life the law as
his profession, entered the office of his father,
and was admitted to the bar when twenty
years of age, and had just entered upon a suc-
cessful practice when his legal pursuits were
interrupted by the war. \V hen the first call
was made for volunteers Mr. Noell hastened
to the defense of our country, like so many
noble heroes ; he gave up all his professional
prospects and entered the Army, and no one
ever questioned his loyalty or patriotism. In
the Army he contracted the disease of which
he died. He was appointed major in the first
organization of the Missouri volunteers, where
he served until 1662, when he accepted the
commission of captain in the nineteenth regi-
ment-of regular infantry.
• Upon the death of his father, Hon. John W.
Noell, the able Representative of the third dis-
trict of Missouri in the Thirty-Eighth Congress,
and of whom the loyal people of Missouri will
ever be proud, Thomas E. Noell returned on
leave of absence to Missouri, and was warmly
welcomedby his friends and the people of that
part of the State. After making arrangements
for the comfort of his widowed mother and
young brothers and sisters he returned to duty
in the field. In 1864 he revisited Missouri on
recruiting service, and while thus engaged was
honored with a nomination and election to
Congress by a constituency then in arms in
defense of their homes from raiding rebels.
Mr. Noell entered public life at a time when
questions of weighty importance and far-reach-
ing consequences were forcing themselves upon
Congress, and being inexperienced in public
life and young in years it must not be consid-
ered strange that in many things he failed to
i fulfill the hopea of his party friends. It is well
| in times like these to judge each other charita-
| bly and withhold our censure or praise until
1 from the more certain stand-point of the future
we may look back and determine who has
j acted wisely and who foolishly.
! But it is his private character rather than his
public acts that shows what manner of man he
j was. Here Mr.1 Noell shines with peculiar
, beauty. Social and kind in his nature, he
j always attracted a large circle of personal
| friends, who, in despite of political differences,
j were ever constant and true. Personally, he
j had no enemies. High-toned and unstained
I by any vicious habits, his associations were
pure, his tastes those of the true gentleman.
In his library were found the choicest works
of the purest and best authors. These were
his companions during his leisure hours.
Upon the death of his father the care of his
mother, brothers, and sisters devolved on him.
With an estate embarrassed, if not insolvent,
he applied himself with his usual energy and
good judgment to pay the debts and provide
for the family. No attention or comfort that
could add to his mother's hgppiness was de*
nied her; he assumed the care and education
of his young sisters and brothers with an inter-
est and delight truly worthy of himself.
It is in this family circle that his death is
felt most keenly ; keenly, too, did he feel the
loss it would be to his mother, sisters, and
j brothers. A few days before his death, in
speaking of the uncertainty of his recovery, he
said to the speaker "that he would like to live,
but would be reconciled to die if he could see
clearly howhis poor mother, brothers, and sis-
ters could get along without his help." This
alone gave him trouble, but he trusted the God
of the widow and fatherless.
Mr. Noell was a religious man, and died in
the faith of the Catholic Church, and was
cheered with the consolations of religion in his
last hours; and as life sank apace and his end
came to view he seemed to review the past
with satisfaction, and looked into the future
by faith and was satisfied. Honest Represent-
ative, noble son, true brother, good citizen,
fare thee well 1
His body is interred in the family burying-
ground in Perryville, the home of his youth,
near the Father of Waters, amid the retiring
spurs of the Ozark mountains: while his spirit,
we believe, mingles with the just in the eternal
adoration of the God he worshiped.
Mr. -Speaker, I offer the following resolu-
tions :
Resolved, That, by the death of Thomas E. Noell,
a lato Representative in Congress from the third dis-
trict in the State of Missouri, this Housohas lost .a
worthy and useful member, the country a most esti-
mable citizen, and his family, relations, and intimate
associates a steadfast and valued friend.
Resolved, That, to give expression to their due ap-
preciation of the talents, attainments, and patriot-
ism of the deoeasod, and to indicate their regret ana
sorrow for his lamented death, the members of this
House will wear the usual badgo of mourning tor
thirty days. ... , ,
Resoh'd, That those resolutions be spread upon me
Journal of the House of Representatives, and that a
copy thereof be sent by its Clerk to the lacnily of the
d°Be ofwrf, That, in respect to the memory of the
deceased, this House do now adjourn.
Mr. BURR. Mr. Speaker, one of the first
members with whom I became acquainted opon
my entrance into the Fortieth Congress was
the lamented Thmmas E. Noell, of Missouri,_
whose memory we respect by the exercises ot
"the hour.
His genial nature, warm heart,ana ana me
demeanor were calculated to retain fully the
friendship created and sympathy evoked by
our first interview. In him I recognized a
bold, original thinker, ready on all proper oc-
