1868-1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
581
Lav;s of the United States.
40TH COSG....2  Sess.
C. Dobbs, Nicholas Davis, Robert Alexan-
der, Joseph C. Boyle, B. B. McCraw, W. L.
iaylor, W. L. Doornail, B. L. Dyer, Thomas
J. Jackson, John M. Ward, Henry Clifton, T.
K. Brantley, J. P. Hall, Edward P. Tucke,
James L. Caldwell, R. C. Parish, C. D. Hud-
son, John Appleby, Alexander Monox, \V.
P. Crook, James H. Houston, John W. A.
Jackson, 'William C. Slierrod, W. B. Jones,
David Day. George Charleton, James S, Clark,
William McDonald, James W, Moore, C. 0.
Tompkins, Galen Terrel, John 51. Modar, L.
F. May, Moses Carrack, Thomas Stubblefield,
John C. Moore, Thomas M. Peters, L. D.
Lusk, Moses Maples, J. II. Eastlan, J. T.
Ledyard, James Cavity, John Brepingham,
Harry D. Houston, Ezra P. Chappel, Harry I,
Thornton, late of Alabama, and also all offi-
cers elect at the election commenced the fourth
day of February, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight, in said Stateof Alabama, and who have
not publicly declined to accept the offices to
which they were elected.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That all
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
United States upon the following-named citi-
eens of Georgia in consequence of participation
in the recent rebellion be, and the game are
hereby, removed, namely: James Martin, of
Bibb county: McWhorter Hungerford and
Jesse Wimberly, of Burke county; Thomas
Paulk. of Berrien county; N. N. Gober, of
Cobb county: W. W. Merrill and George W.
Merrill, of Carroll county; W. O. Edmonson,
of Chattooga county ; John C. Johnson, Asa
M. Jackson, John W. Johnson, Josiak A.
Browning, John C. Nunnally, and Robert
Plourrioy, of Clark county; John C. Richard-
son, Daniel Fowler, William H. Richardson,
John Foutz, Robert M. Barrett, and Samuel
M. Fowler, of Dawson county; Benjamin F.
Bruton, B. F. Powell, John Higdon, and Rich-
ard H. Y\ hitelv, of Decatur county; L. II.
Hotierts, ot Echolscomity: James A. Harrison,
of Franklin county: S. F. W. Minot. of Fay-
ette couniv; Nathan Yarbrough and'Thomas
J. Perry, of Floyd county: Bluford D. Smith.
George S. Thomas, and Joseph E. Brown, of
Fulton county ; R. L. McWhorter, James R.
Byiutni, D. A. Newsom. C.J. Caldwell, R. C.
Hales, John Mitchell, G. H. Thompson, W.
H. McWhorter, junior, R. Hulbert, and J. C.
Broom, of Greene county; VV. H. Rainev,
John B. Miller, Whitson Froliock, Henry F.
Beach, and John Brooks, of Glynn county ;
James A. Maxwell, George M. Wyatt, W. J.
Allums, J. C. Griffin, John Fryer, and Willis
Goodwin, of Henry county; Joel R. Griffin,
William A. Matthews, JohuH. Hose. Augustus
Alden, A. C. Thompson, Kinchen Taylor,
Elbert Fagan, James W. Love, Jesse Cooper,
and Robert Braawell, of Houston county;
George F. Page, of Lee county ; Joshua Griffin
and A. J. Liies, of Lowndes county ; M. A.
Poits and M. B. Potts, of Monroe county;
Francis M. D. Hopkins, of Miller county;
W. Woods, of Morgan county; S. F. Strick-
land and C. D. Forsyth, of Paulding county ;
Ephraim Tweedy, James N. Ells, William
Doyle, and Joseph P. Carr, of Richmond
county ; Duncan Jordan and William B. Dix-
son, of Randolph county : W. D. Hamilton,
of Scriven county; J. H. Caldwell. J. T. Mc-
Cormick, Thomas C. Miller, and E. H. Wor-
rell, of Troup county ; John R. Evans, M. C.
Smith, Henry H. Tooke, C. H. Latimer,
Thomas S. Hopkins, Theopbilus P. Perry, and
Thomas S. Paine, of Thomas county; Marion
Bethtme, J. T. Costin, Albert Costin, J. L.
Gunn, and B. Carley, of Talbot county ; Wil-
liam F. Holden, of Taliaferro county ; Augus-
tus H. Lee, of Newton county; James H. Mc;
Whorter, W. H. Ward, F. L. Upson, and F.
J. Robinson, of Oglethorpe county; Edward
R. Harden, of Randolph county ; David B.
Harrell, of Stewart county; L. H. Greenleaf,
of Ware county;.'William Griffin, of Wilkinson
county; S. C. Pruddeu and'A. C. Mason, of
Putnam county; W. U. Gibson and Samuel
F. Gove, of Twiggs county; W. K. DeGraf-
fenreid, Marshall DeGraffenreid, and W. J.
Lawton, of Bibb county; J. II. Harrison, of
Franklin county; William Gibson, of Rich-
mond county; John R. Strother, of Baldwin
county; J. G. M. Warnock, John McKinnon,
William G. Bagwell, Abraham Strickland,
Murdock McCloud, and Robert Humphries,
of Brooks county; J. R. Corker, of Barke
county; William P. Edwards, of Taylor county;
G. W. Nunnally, Flournoy W. Adams, Peter
W. Hutcheson, of Clark county; James M.
Clark, of Sumpter county; Davis Whelchel,
of Hall county; James Huffaker, of Whitfield
county; John M. Matthews, A. L. Byrd, G.
H. Byrd, H. T. Sanders, John N. Montgomery,
Joel Hunt, M. A. Daniel, Gabriel Nash, and
V. H. Deadwyler, of Madison county.
Sec. 4. And be it, further enacted, That all
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
United States upon the following-named citi-
zens of Arkansas and South Carolina, in con-
sequence of participation in the recent rebel-
lion, be, and the same are hereby, removed,
namely: W. M. Harrison, of Drew county,
and James R. Berrv, of Pulaski county, of
Arkansas; and C. C. Boweu, F. J. Moses,
junior, R. M. Wallace, John D. Ashmore, and
Thomas J. Maekey, of South Carolina.
Approved, Juue 25, 1868.
Chap. LXXXIV.—An Act for the relief of
the widow and children of Henry E. Morse.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled,_ That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, directed to place
on the pension-rolls the names of the widow
and minor children uuder sixteen years of age
of Henry E. Morse, late a private in company
G, ninth regiment Vermont volunteers, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws.
Approved, June 25, 1868.
Chap. LXXXV.—An Act for the Relief of
James L. Dickerson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Souse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll the name
of James L. Dickerson, late a private in com-
pany D, first West Virginia artillery, in the war
of eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and that he
be paid a pension the same as allowed privates,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
general pension laws, to commence on the
twenty-seventh day of June, anno Domini one
thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.
Approved, June 25, 18C8.
Chap. LXXXVI.—An Act granting a Pension
to Elizabeth Butler, widow of Cyrus Butler.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-rolls, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Elizabeth Butler, widow of
Cyras Butler, late a special agent in the pro-
vost marshal's office in the nineteenth Penn-
sylvania district, and pay her as the widow of
a private, commencing October thirty-first,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
Appp.oved, June 25, 1868.
char. LXXXVII.—An Act granting a Pen-
sion to David Howe.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-rolls, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of David Howe, late a special
agent in t,he provost marshal's office for the
fourth Massachusetts district, commencing
April twenty-first, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five.
Approved, June 25, 1868.
Chap. LXXXVIII.—An Act granting a Pen-
sion to Amos Witham.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-rolls, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Amos Witham, father of
Amos O. Witham, late a member of company
A, thirtieth Maine volunteers, commencing
August third, eighteenhundjedand sixty-four.
Approved, June 25, 1808.
Chap. LXXXIX.—An Act granting a Pension
to Mrs. Susan Ten Eyck Williamson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior lie, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Mrs. Susan Ten
Eyck Williamson, widow of Charles L. William-
son, late a captain in the United States Navy,
on the pension-roll, at the rate of thirty dollars
per month, to commence from and after the
passage of this act and to continue during her
widowhood, said pension to be paid out of the
naval pension fund.
Approved, June 25, 1868.
Chap. XC.—An Act granting a Pension to
George Bennett.
Beit enacted bythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized and directed to
place upon the pension-roll the name of George
Bennett, late a private in company E, sixth
regiment Michigan cavalry volunteers, and
allow and pay him a pension subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws,
commencing April seven, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three.
Appp.oved, June 25, 1868.
Chap. XCI.—An Act granting a Pension to
Mary Graham.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rejj-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is herein, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-rolls, subject
to the provisions and .limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of Mary Graham, mother
of John Graham, alias Patrick Ryan, late of
company A, eighteenth United States infantry,
commencing September tenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six.
Approved, June 25, 1808.
Chap. XCII.—An Act granting a Pension to
Annie Vaughn.
Be it enactcd by the Sen ate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-rolls, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of Annie Vaughn, widow
of Daniel Vaughn, late a private in company
A, fifty-eighth Pennsylvania volunteers, com-
mencing December twenty-five, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three.
Approved, June 25, 18(33.
