698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
casions to give candid expression to his views
and convictions on every important question.
Indeed, none other than a bold nature could
have assumed and maintained, under all the
circumstances, the position of prominence and
influence assumed and maintained by our de-
parted friend.
Living in a State more intensely excited
than any other during the stormy period of
1861, when the friends of constitutional govern-
ment were in many localities borne down and
overwhelmed by the tide of wild, mad, revo-
lutionary fanaticism that swept with peculiar
force over the "border States," he breasted
the storm, met in its full fury the madness
of the hour, adhered to his integrity, and in
answer to all the demands of treason replied
with unshaken firmness, " I am for the I nion
of the States under the Constitution of our
fathers."
Young in years but ripe in statesmanship,
he adhered more firmly to principle in pro-
portion as principle was unpopular, and bore
"true faith and allegiance" to his Govern-
ment through the dark periods of the re-
bellion that tried men's souls. Elected to the
Thirty-Ninth Congress and returned to the
Fortieth by the Union voters of his district,
his conduct as a Representative was marked
by the same boldness of thought and independ-
ence of action that characterized his course
as a citizen and soldier contending against
attempted revolution in his own State.
Refusing to obey the dictates of any party,
but relying entirely on the promptings of his
own patriotic heart and the convictions of his
own earnest mind for a guide to his political
conduct, he, by his independence and bold-
ness, gave proof of the possession of the ele-
ments of true greatness. In clearness of intel-
lect, candor of expression, independence of
action, and adherence to principle, Thomas E.
Noell was a great man ; and in contemplat-
ing the. life, services, and untimely death of
our late companion we may adopt the poetic
thought—
" Lives of great men all remind ns
We may make our live3 sublime;
And, departing, leave behind us
Footprints on the sands of time—
Footprints which perhaps another.
Sailing o'er life'? troubled main—
Some forlorn and shipwrecked brother—
Seeing, may take heart again."
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I have learned
more of the personal history of our lamented
friend, Thomas E. Noell, from the remarks of
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Newcomb]
than I ever knew before. It was my pleasant
privilege to know him only as a member of
this House, and during the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress to occupy a seat next to his own. During
the time I sustained such relation to him I had
peculiarly favorable opportunities to study his
personal character, and to watch the processed
of his exceedingly interesting mind. The result
of the acquaintance and familiarity which thus
grew up between us was a sincere mutual
friendship. We were led to very frequent inter-
changes of opinions upon the important duties
which daily demanded fit action at our hands.
In the performance of his high duties, by rea-
son of our intimate relations, I gathered the
most conclusive evidence that all he did in his
honorable and responsible office as a Repre-
sentative of the people he did with a sincerity
and purity of purpose, and with an honest
fidelity to the convictions of his own conscience,
which were seldom surpassed. Having come
here, if I am not mistaken, in a great degree
untrammeled by the too exacting obligations
of mere party, he acknowledged unquestion-
ing allegiance to neither side of this House.
He followed the path indicated by his very
intelligent, judgment and his noble and gene-
rous impulses. The obvious aim of all his'
official action was to do right and to promote
the best interests of our common country.
Although he had borne an honorable part in
the late unhappy conflict of arms between the
sections of our country, he brought with him
into this Hall none of the asperities or vengeful
feelings so often generated by domestic war.
In private and social intercourse Mr. Noell
was not only kind, agreeable, and liberal, but
many times very charming and delightful. His
mind was highly cultivated, especially in belle
lettres, and he had a rich and never-failing
humor. His few formal efforts on this floor
partook very greatly of this element in his men-
tal organization. If I mistake not, lie was at
one period of his life identified with the press
of St. Louis in some literary capacity, and
while so engaged he seems to have cultivated
a style of critical and humorous composition
with very great success. That style followed
him here, and he several times made it con-
tribute to the illustration of his ideas on some
of the great questions that demanded solution
or consideration at our hands. In all his efforts
of this kind, if he did not convince us, he did
at least amuse and delight us by his inimitable
wit, his keen and peculiar humor, his quaint,
original, and impressive similes and illustra-
tions. I shall never forget that remarkable
speech, remembered by us all who were in the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, on the right of women
to be invested with the suffrage. It was the
most successful argumentative burlesque to
which it was ever my pleasure to listen.
But while his mind seemed willing to clothe
its thoughts and modes of reasoning in such
singular and pleasant manner his conclusions
and convictions were manifestly deep, earnest,
and sincere, if not profound. He was an hon-
est legislator and a faithful student of our
fundamental law and of all its limitations upon
power for the better protection of the rights
of the people. I shall ever cherish his mem-
ory ana hold in higli esteem his manly exam-
ple. I sympathize most deeply with those to
whom his premature death is at once a sad and
painful affliction and an irreparable loss.
Mr. PILE. Mr. Speaker, I regret that against
my remonstrance I should have been assigned
by the delegation from Missouri to pay this
tribute of respectto the memory of Hon. Thomas
E. Noei.l, from the fact that 1 did not have the
pleasure of his acquaintance in private life and
was only associated with him in this Hall during
a very brief period, namely, during the months
of March and July, at the first session of the
Fortieth Congress. I am. sure that I could not
add to the eloquent words that have been spoken
by the gentlemeu who have preceded me, who
knew him better personally and are better qual-
ified by ability to speak of him.
I only desire now to pay an earnest tribute
to his unstained private character, to his good-
ness of heart, to his geniality of nature, and
especially to the great fact in his life that
when the war cloud of 1861 spread its dark
mantle over Missouri, when the time came to
that great Commonwealth that "tries men's
souls," Thomas E. Noell was found among
the first brave sons of Missouri on the side of
the Union and loyalty against treason and dis-
union, and ready to enter the field as a soldier,
where he did good service in suppressing the
rebellion by force of arms. Whatever differ-
ences of opinion may exist as to the correct-
ness of the conclusions to which his very sin-
gular and unique type of mind led him in his
after political career, his loyalty, his attach-
ment and devotion to the cause of his country,
and the honesty and earnestness of his pur-
pose have never been questioned, so far as I
know, by any one in the land.
It is true that in the midst of life we are at
the door of death, to vary the quotation. -I
have fixed in my memory as a living picture
the scene that occurred at the conclusion of the
July session of this House, when he stood
before us full of life and humor, of wit and
vivacity, with as high hopes and as reasonable
prospect of a long life as any of us. But how
suddenly has he been called to the silence and
stillness of the grave 1 In these Halls we shall
see his face and hear his voice no more, and
meet him no more in this life. The death of
a good and true man is only the commence-
ment of a higher life; it is like the morning
star that, rising, never sets, but melts away
into the purer light of heaven. I believe that
such was the death of our lamented friend and
my colleague,
" When at last he cast his eyes
Athwart the gathering gloom of death,"
he was cheered and comforted by the Chris-
tian's hope of immortality.
Mr. McCORMICK. Mr. Speaker, in addi-
tion to the remarks of my colleague, I desire
to add a word as a tribute ot' respect to the
memory of my immediate predecessor. Know-
ing Mr. Noell, as I did, from early youth up
to the time of his death, and being often and,
intimately associated together, I feel competent
to speak of him in those relations of life where
friends get hold upon our confidence and teach
us to love them. That warm, genial, and un-
restricted flow of friendship always indicative
of purity of heart and rectitude of purpose
was possessed by Mr. Noell in an eminent
degree, and secured for him that popularity
awarded by society to those alone entitled to
its confidence. His faithful devotion to a wid-
owed mother, thrown almost wholly on his
care after the death of his father, his efforts to
educate his younger brothers and sister, are
circumstances which brings to view the nobler
sentiments of his nature.
If the social qualities of Mr. Noell were
pleasing and attractive, his moral and religious
character was not the less elevating and en-
nobling. Ever mindful of his obligation to
the Creator, he practiced the precepts of Chris-
tianity. During his life he was an exemplary
member of the Roman Catholic Church, and
in his death was not without its consolations.
His services to the country, both in the field
and in the council, have found a place upon the
pages of history; his devotion to friends and
family lives in the memory of those who know
him best.
And now, although an early grave has closed
over him and death has forever dimmed his
prospects, he has not lived to impair his own
good name ; and, now dead, he is entitled to an
epitaph which many living long will fail to
earn.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, I will only
add a few words to what has been so well said
on the present occasion. Ten years ago, when
: I first became a member on this floor, one of
the earliest acquaintances I formed was that of
Hon. John' W. Noell, then a Representative
from the State of Missouri and the father of the
gentleman to whose memory we are now paying
our tribute of respect; and during my whole
service in Congress anterior to the war, embrac-
ing as it did the Thirty-Fifth and Thirty-Sixth
Congresses, there was no member of the House
for whom I had a more sincere respect than for
him. His fairness, ability, and ardent patriot-
ism commanded at all times my admiration.
On returning at the close of the war, as a
member of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, I formed
for the first time the acquaintance of the de-
ceased. My kind recollections .of the father
induced me at the earliest moment to form the
acquaintance of the son. I was very much
gratified, on making his acquaintance, to find
that he possessed many of those sterling, genial,
and excellent traits of character which I so
much esteemed in his father.
He also possessed much of that classic wit
and dry humor which always give an interest
and zest to social life, which are always a
passport to good fellowship. We all remem-
ber m&ny very quaint and at the same time
impressive things which he said "during his
brief service as a member of this House. I
well remember with what undivided attention
he occupied this floor for the last hour of the
last July session of the present Congress, and
what convulsions of laughter he created by
the severity of his wit and the quaintness of
his argument.. Never in all my life have I
been called upon to pay a passing tribute to
the memory of any person at whose death I
