TOO
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 23,
of reconstruction, so-culled, in any of the States not
represented iu the present Congress, to insert the
felluwin^ proviso:
/VophW, nm-rthrlr**. That upon an election for
the ratification of any constitution, or of officers
under the «aiua, previous to itsadoptionin any State,
no person n it having the qualifications of an elcctor
under the constitution and laws of such State pre-
vious to the late rebellion shall be allowed to vote,
unless he shall possess ono of the following qualifica-
tions. namely:
1. lie shall hare served as a soldier in the Federal
Armv for one year or mote.
2. Ho shall have sufficient oduoation to read tho
Constitution of tfic United State? nnd to subscribe
his namo to an oath to -support the samo; or,
3. Ho shall be seiiod in his onn right, or in the
right of his wife, of a freehold of tho valuo of
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the ques-
tion presented in the instructions proposed
by me is whether Congress is still resolved to
subject the white people of the southern States
to the domination ot' the negro race at the
point of the bayonet, or whether Congress, in
deference to the recently expressed will of the
American people, will now so far modify their
policy as to leave the governments in those
States in the hands of the white race and of the
more civilized portion of the blacks? That is
the naked question. Strip it of all useless ver-
biage and specious arguments about sustaining
loyal men and punishing rebels, it is nothing
more or less than this: shall the General of the
Army put the negro in power over the white
race in all the States of the South and keep
him there? That purpose is boldly avowed by
some, and that will be the effect of this Radi-
cal reconstruction now as it stands, or as it will
stand, if this bill shall become a law. On the
the other hand, the amendment which I offer,
if adopted, would leave the governments in
those States where they belong and where they
ought always to remain—in the hands of our
own race—while, at the same time, it would
allow the right of suffrage to all those nejjjoes
who have any claim to it by reason of intel-
ligence or patriotic services or estate subject
to taxation, namely :
1. To those who have served in the Federal
Army;
2. To those who have sufficient education
to read the Constitution of the United States
and to subscribe their names to an oath to
support the same ; or
3. To those who have acquired and hold real !
property to the value of $250. |
But the question may be asked, why not
apply the same tests to the white men of the j
South ? The answer is plain and twofold. I
First, by the constitutions and laws of those !
States the right of suffrage is already secured
to them, and we have no rightful power to take '
it away. To do so would trample under our
feet one of the most sacred rights reserved to
the States. It is by extending suffrage to the
negroes that Congress is overturning the con-
stitutions of those States. In my opinion, this
is a usurpation, which its advocates justify upon
the ground of necessity alone. I neither admit ;
the power nor the necessity; but, granting j
both, no reason can be given, and no necessity j
but that of party ascendancy can be urged, for j
going any further in this revolutionary work '
than to admit to suffrage the classes of negroes
named in this amendment.
The second answer is, that white men have
for centuries been accustomed to vote. They
have borne all the responsibilities and dis-
charged all the duties of freemen among free-
men ; and it is a very different thing to take
away from a freeman a privilege long exercised
by him and by his ancestors, from what it is to
confer one never before enjoyed upon ignorant,
half-civilized Africans just released from sla-
very. Three generations back many of them
were cannibals and savages of the lowest type
of human kind. The only civilization they
have is that which they have received during
their slavery in America.
To confer this great privilege apon the more
enlightened negroes might tend to elevate the
mass in the end. But to confer it now upon
their ignorant hordes caa oi)ly degrade the bal-
lot and the republican institutions which rest
upon it.
No answer to this view has ever been given,
no answer can be given, by the friends of uni-
versal negro suffrage, except this: '' The igno-
rant foreigner is allowed to vote, why not let the
ignorant negro vote ?'' Thus to compare the civ-
ilized European, accustomed to free labor, to
self-support, and self-government, to all the
duties and responsibilities of a freeman, and
who withal, before he is allowed to vole in
most of the States, must appear in open court,
and, after five years' residence, prove by the
testimony of two citizens a good moral charac-
ter, and that he is well disposed toward the Gov-
ernment and institutions of the United States—
to compare liim with the poor degraded mass
of Africans, plantation slaves just set free, is
an atrocious libel upon ourselves, upon our
ancestors, upou the results of Christian civil-
ization, and upon that Caucasian race which
for thousands of years has ruled the world.
But suppose it to be true that too many igno-
rant foreigners of our own race are admitted
to suffrage already, is that any reason or any
apology even for admitting six hundred thou-
sand half-civilized men of another race—men
whose natural home is in the tropics, who are
exotics here, transplanted, not by their own free
will, but by the cupidity of Old and New Eng-
land, as slaves, and whose whole education and
civilization, so far as tl^cy have any, have been
derived from slavery to the white man ? I do
not say there are not some ignorant white men,
foreign and native born, who are not qualified
to vote ; but they are exceptions to the general
rule. I do not say there are not some persons
of Indian, of Chinese, or of African descent who
are qualified; but they are exceptions to the gen-
eral rule also. Society must, in the main, be
governed by general laws. While the general
rule is that white men are capable, and there-
fore suffrage may be made universal among
them, on the other hand the general rule is that
Indians, Chinese, coolies, and negroes are
incompetent; and especially is this true of
the negroes in the plantation States. There-
fore the general rule should exclude them from
suffrage. At all events it should be no further
relaxed than to admit the excepted classes
mentioned in this amendment.
The effect of the adoption of this amend-
ment would be to allow all who have the qual-
ifications required by the constitutions of those
States before the rebellion, not specially dia-
frapcised, to vote ; that is to say, the mass of
white men, and at the same time it would allow
the most liberal negro suffrage at all compat-
ible with the maintenance of civilized govern-
ments in those States.
Let Congress now pause, and modify its
course in accordance with the provisions of this
amendment, and I have every reason to believe
the people of those States would at once take
part in the work of reconstruction, a solution
of our difficulties would be attained, and peace
restored to the country.
But if Congress wijl insist upon its suicidal
measures, if Congress is still determined to
establish those governments upon negro su-
premacy, then chaos comes again; a war of
races is inevitable at the South.
Mr. Alexander II. Stephens, one of the ablest
living men of the South, and who speaks from
long and actual observation, can—
"Bee nothing in the policy of reconstruction hut
the operation of a fearful scheme, who3e ultimate
result will be the destruction of either the black or
the whito race. Every day, it becomes more pain-
fully evident that the estrangement between the
races is widening—on the part of the negroes from
the effects of such instruction as tcaches them to dis-
trust and oppose the whites, and on the part of the
latter from an abhorrence of the negro leaders and
an instinctive aversion to be ruled and legislated for
by ignorance and semi-barbarism. From what fell
under his own observation in Georgia he was nnabtt
to detect anything like a spirit on either side tend-
ing to mutual sympathy of sentiment and interest.
Kadical emissaries from the North have sown the
seeds of evil dissension with a terrible earnestness,
and the diametric opposition of the races now visi-
ble all over the South must, in the very nature of
things, lead, at some time or other, to fearful collis-
ions. This inevitable result, as a dispassionate ob-
server, forces itself irresistibly on his attention. A
war of races, desired by some, and indifferently
hoeded by others, is, to his mind, a consequence as
sure to happen, under the iWlioal method of recon-
struction. as it is impossible to avoid, if the prece-
dents of history or the impulses that control human
nature bo taken into account."
And such 13 the united testimony of the
intelligent men of the South.
But, sir, why press this negro supremacy
over the whites? What reason can you give?
I have heard three distinct answers to this
question worthy of notice:
First. Because the States of tho South re-
jected the constitutional*amendment submitted
by Congress ;
Second. Because the negroes are loyal and
tho whites disloyal; and
Third. Because it will secure party ascend-
ancy.
Let us consider the first answer, that the
States of the South havp rejected the constitu-
tional amendment submitted by the last Con-
gress as the basis of reconstruction.
I admit the Legislatures of all the southern
States rejected that amendment with great
unanimity; but is that any sufficient reason
for the adoption of this harsh policy? I think
not. In the first place, that amendment con-
tains one provision which made its adoption
impossible by the southern people, at least
until you change the human heart and destroy
all sense of personal honor. It disfranchises
from holding office all the men of the South
in whom they had ever placed any public con-
fidence—all who had ever held any office, State
or Federal. And disfranchises them for what?
For simply doing what they themselves had
done.
I can understand how one may say in argu-
ment that the leaders should be disfranchised.
But how any man of common sense, or com-
mon manhood, could ever suppose it possible
for the people of the South to vote to disfran-
chise men esteemed by them as equal to, if not
better than themselves, for an offense of which
they themselves were equally guilty, is beyond
my comprehension. You ask the southern peo-
ple to betray the men whom they trust. You
ask them to dishonor those whom they honor,
to uproot the affection of years from theirhearts.
You ask them to strike with a serpent's tooth
the bosom of a friend. But until human nature
shall cease to be what God has made it, honor-
able men, to save themselves, to save even their
lives, would not incur the guilt of such unnat-
ural treachery by voting for such a provision.
When it was pending before the Senate, June
8, 1866,1 urged and implored Senators to allow
the several provisions of that amendment to be
separately submitted and voted upon, and I
warned the friends of the measure that this pro-
vision would inevitably defeat its adoption by
every southern State. But, sir, the majority
were deaf to all appeals. The caucus had re-
solved ; the deed was to be done; and it was
done. On account, mainly, of that provision,
the amendment was rejected almost unani-
mously by every southern State.
Again, when examined more closely we
find that provision required them to vote to
disfranchise thousands who had received par-
don and amnesty, and a restoration to all tneir
rights as citizens under the proclamations of
President Lincoln and President Johnson, by
virtue of a law of Congress, which you your-
selves enacted, which expressly authorized
them to grant sncli pardon and amnesty upon
just such terms as they thought proper. An
amendment offered by me in the Senate the
31st of May, 1800, to except those men who
had "duly received pardon and amnesty under
the^Constitution and laws," wasvoted down by
an unyielding majority. I can never view this
provision in any other light than a most palpa-
ble violation of the plighted faith of this Gov-
ernment given to those persons in the most
solemn form.
If the emperor qf Russia, by proclamation,
were to grant full pardon to such Poles as
would take an oath of allegiance to his crown,
and if he should afterwards deliberately break
his word, what denunciations would be, arid
ought to be, heaped upon his head by the civil-
ized world! The perfidy of such an action
