1&8.
^CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
701
would only be equaled by its folly as a meas-
ure of pacification to Poland. Congress au-
thorized the President to give pardon and
amnesty to thousands whom Congress now 1
calls upon the people of the South to vote to
disfranchise.
Again, sir, there is another feature of that
provision which no sentiment of justice should
tolerate or excusc. In that sweeping disfran-
chisement no distinction whatever is made
between those who voluntarily engaged and
those who were compelled to engage in the
rebellion; no distinction whatever between the
innocent and the guilty.
The Senate will remember that when this
amendment was pending 1 offered an amend-
ment to restrict that disfranchisement to those
who had voluntarily engaged in the rebellion;
and it was voted down by the same unyield-
ing majority.
Partisan zeal and party necessity may account
for many things. But when the history of these
times shall be written it will seem incredible to
our posterity that learned men and able Sen-
ators could ever for one moment bring them-
selves to believe it possible that the people of
the South should vote for such an amendment.
It contains still another objectionable feature
in violation of an important principle in every
good government, confounding executive with
legislative duties. If there be any prerogative
which more than another pertains to the exec-
utive in all Governments, ancient and modern,
that prerogative is the power of pardon.
This amendment proposes to change the
Constitution so as to take that power away
from the Executive and confer it upon the
two Houses of Congress. It is revolutionary,
and worse than that. It vetoes the power of
clemency in advance. It not only takes that
power from the President, but it takes it away
from a majority of Congress, and requires two
thirds of both Houses in order to exercise the
t>ower of pardon, the same majority which is
necessary to pass a law over the presidential
veto. In what civilized Governmentupon earth
was there ever such a restriction upon the
power of pardon ? Can it be found even among
the savage tribes?
Sir, this amendment makes it impossible for
a majority of the people of the United States,
by the choice of a President or by the election
of the Houses of Congress, to grant pardon
and amnesty.
I speak with all becoming respect for the
Opinions of others and for the sincerity of their
motives. I know it never could have been in-
tended, but judging this provision by its own
words, standing in its own light, it seems to b0
born of distrust in the intelligence and Mag-
nanimity of the people; the offspring of cow-
ardice and revenge, of Unforgiving hate and
lust for political power.
And is it because the Legislatures of the
South rejected such a proposition that Con-
gress should now enforce this policy and estab-
lish a combined negro and military despotism in
all the States of the South, and under its iron
heel trample in the dust Our own race and kin-
dred and people?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
ness ofyesterday is regularly before the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the unfin-
ished business be postponed in order that the
Senator from Wisconsin may be allowed to
complete his remarks.
Mr. SHERMAN. Ordinarily I would not
oppose this motiou; but it does seem to me
that the extraordinary fact that the Senator
from Wisconsin takes the floor and proceeds
at great length to submit a partisan speech on
a motion of this kind—on a motion to refer—
ought to induce the Senate to preserve the
regular rules. We have been ctit off from the
regular morning business, the passage of bills
in their last stages, and I think, therefore, the
Senator ought to give wayfor the regular order
of business and let us have half an hour at
least for the disposition of the regular morning
business. The Senator's speech beingwritten,
no doubt we shall have the benefit of it the
next time he gets the floor. I very rarely
make an objection ofthis kind, but the occasion
is an extraordinary one, and the circumstances
under which the speech is made are extraor-
dinary. I trust, therefore, that the Senate will
not consent to this postponement.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Indiana moves that the Senate pass
over the order of the day informally for the
purpose of allowing the Senator from Wiscon-
sin to conclude his remarks.
Mr. GGNNESS. One objection, I believe, '
is enough to defeat that motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to any passing over
informally of the regular order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection my-
self to the motion of the Senator from Indiana,
if he desires to hear the speech of the Senator
from Wisconsin, and then the time of the Sen-
ate is to be devoted to this subject. I am quite
ready and willing myself to meet this partisan
speech rung in here out of time and place, and
to denounce as revolutionary and unconstitu-
tional the abominable doctrines set up in be-
half of rebels and traitors. But, sir, I object
! to laying aside the regular order of business
merely to hear this harangue without meeting
it in fitting terms the moment the Senator from
Wisconsin shall have taken his seat.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should prefer to con-
clude my remarks now, if'it be the.pleasure of
the Senate to allow me to do so ; but if it be
not, and they desire to take up another subject,
I have no objection. I ask no favors of gentle-
men if they do not desire to extend them.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did riot make this
motion because it Was the Senator from Wis-
1 consin who was concluding his remarks, nor
because I knew the subject he was discussing,
for I had not heard any part of his speech, and
I did not know whether it was upon some par-
ticular bill or upon politics generally. I was
surprised, indeed, when the Senator from Illi-
nois showed so much excitement. It is hardly
worth while to become excited, because I can
assure the Senator these Questions will be dis-
cussed. They are the questions the people are
thinking about, and they will be discussed here
and elsewhere. We may as well discuss them
calmly, and not allow passion to control us for
the time being. The Senator from Wisconsin
is entitleid to just the same courtesy that any
one of us is entitled to, and I made the motion
in his behalf just exactly as I insisted in favor
erf the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart]
the other day, on another question, and with
some persistence insisted upon it, and the Sen-
ator from Nevada ~was heard. He commenced
his speech in the morning hour and the Senate
allowed him to conclude it; and I thought, of
course, there could be no objection to the
motion I made in this case. If the Senator
from Illinois or any other Senator were inter-
rupted by the expiration of the morning hour
I should make just the same motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. The case here is not the
one presented by the Senator from Indiana.
The Senator from Wisconsin takes the floor on
a formal motion to refer.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. A motion to instruct
the committee, I beg to inform the Senator
from Ohio, who was not present when the mo-
tion was made.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was present. He intro-
duces instructions to the committee on a formal
motion to refer the bill on its second reading,
and having the floor on the motion to refer, by
thtfrales of the Senate he is allowed to debate
it. A single Senator is thus enabled to stop
the ordinary order of business and to occupy
the whole morning hour, which is specially re-
served for morning business. Under these cir-
cumstances, it seems to me, he ought not to
ask a departure from the rules. He himself
has violated the ordinary rule with regard to
the order of business. It is not the case put
by the Senator from Indiana, where a Senator
by the assent of the Senate gets the floor upon
a particular subject and then proceeds to de-
bate it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say a single
word in reply to the Senator from Ohio when
he speaks about my violating any rules of the
Senate. The honorable Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Morton] the other day introduced a reso-
lution on this subject to instruct the Committee
! onthe Judiciaryon this question. Ithenmoved
an amendmentto that motion. Yesterday morn-
ing, when the question came up before the
Senate tm the second reading of this bill, I dis-
; tinctly advised the Senate that my purpose was,
! when it came up for a second reading this morn-
ing, to move to instruct the committee for the
purpose of submitting my views to the Senate.
The motioh of reference was brought up by the
Chair in the usual course, and I must then make
my motion to instruct or not make it at all. I
! have done so, and have addressed the Senate
thus far. If the regular order of business, the
case of Mr. Thomas, should come up and be
disposed of, and I could then take the floor and
finish my remarks, it would suit me. I am not
desirous of crowding upon gentlemen of the
Senate. At the same time 1 do not think the
j objections which-Aire taken that I am violating
any rule have any founda Jon. Igivemyhon-
j orable friend from Illinois to understand, as
chairman of the Judiciary Committee, that I
1 expect to discuss this motion to instruct his com-
mittee on this question whenever this bill is
sought to be referred. It will never get to that
committee until this motion is discussed ; and
I supposed it was my duty to make the motion
before it went to the committee or I could not
make it at all. I leave it to the Senate ; they
can do as they please. I do not ask any special
favors.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from In-
diana.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am unwilling to agree
to the motion of the Senator from Indiana as
he presents it, simply to lay aside the order of
the day for the purpose of hearing the Senator
from Wisconsin. I assure the Senator from
Indiana that I am laboring under no such ex-
citement as he may suppose. I am only a
little astonished at the effrontery of the gentle-
men who assume that the Constitution is always
with them, and assume that those men who
fought to destroy it are the proper persons to
guard and protect it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 submit, if it be not
in order for me to go on Sud discuss this ques-
tion, whether it is in order fot the Senator
from Illinois to do so?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am replying to the
suggestion of the Senator from Indiana at this
moment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is debatable.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Indi-
ana will change his motion so as to continue
this matter before the Senate I shall have no
objection to it; but I do object to taking up
the time of the Senate in this unusual manner
to hear a partisan speech, and then closing
down on it. If the Senator will change his
motion for one I will vote for it. Let the
order of the day be set aside and the Senator
from Wisconsin may finish his studied speech
and we will reply to it as best we can.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If it can be the under-
standing of the Senate that when the case of
Mr. Thomas, which is the regular order, is
disposed of, I can then go on, f will yield.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. CONNESS. There
can be no such understanding.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then I prefer to go on
now. _
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is that motion?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To pass
over the order of the day for the purpose of
hearing the speech of the Senator from Wis-
consin.
