1868.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
58$
Laws of the United States.
40XH COXG....2I> SBSS.
sixteen dollars and sixty-five cents ; Myers and
McGhan, twenty five dollars and twenty-five
cents; J. W. Marlin, eighty-six dollars and
ninety-eight cents; E. Matlack, twenty-five
cents ; Mann and Company, threedollars ; Na-
tional Intelligencer, sixteen dollars; Plant and
Brother, two dollars; Z. Pratt, ten dollars;
Philp and Solomons, fifteen dollars ; P. and J.
Rives, five dollars; William Smith, six dol-
lars ; John Saul, forty-five dollars and sixty-
five cents ; H. A. Swasey and Company, three
dollars ; Schaeffer and Karadi, sixty-seven dol-
lars and seventy cents ; W. B. Smith and Com-
pany, four dollars ; E. W. Stewart, sixty dol-
lars; E. Slade, thirty dollars: Stevens Brothers,
(London,) fifty-eight dollars and twenty cents ;
Sibley and Guy, forty-four dollars and ninety-
seven cents; J. Turner, one dollar; R. 0.
Thompson, fifteen dollars; Charles S. Taft, one
hundred and twenty-eight dollars -and forty-
seven cents; J. E. Tilton and Co.mpany, three
dollars; Andrieux, Vilraorin, and Company,
twelve dollars and seventy cents; T. B. Win-
ner, one dollar and fifty cents ; William Wood
and Company, twenty-nine dollars; J. B.Ward,
thirty-five dollars and thirty-eight cents ; G. E.
Woodward, two dollars and fifty cents; Sam-
uel Wagner, two dollars; J. F. Wright, one
dollar; A. H. Young, forty-eight dollars and
seventeen cents ; Paschall Morris, twenty dol-
lars; A. S. Yorke, sixty-five dollars and twenty
cents ; Stevens and Brother, (London maga-
zine,) eighty dollars; James Sheehv, six dol-
lars and fifty cents; R. O. Thompson, eighty
dollars; W. C. Lodge, thirty-five dollars;
James S. Lippencott, four hundred and twenty-
eight dollars; J. P. Waifinger. forty-seven dol-
lars and fifty cents ; Samuel Ringwalt, one
hundred and four dollars ; William H. Gard-
ner, twenty dollars ; G. Hubart Bates, thirty-
seven dollars and fifty cents; William W.
Bates, two hundred and four dollars; H. D.
Dunn, two hundred and thirty-two dollars ; X.
A. Willard. one hundred and ninety-two dol-
lars; N. B. Cloud, twenty-eight dollars ; S. F.
Baird, twenty dollars: H. F. French, one hun-
dred and forty-nine dollars and fifty eents; C.
W. Howard, sixty-seven dollars and fifty cents ;
John White, fifteen dollars and fifty-six cents;
Henry A. Dreer, one hundred and sixty-three
dollars and seventy five cents ; Israel S. Diehl,
nine hundred dollars ; and to allow so much
of the same as shall appear upon due proof
under oath to be due and unpaid for goods de-
livered and services rendered to the Depart-
ment of Agriculture upon contracts made by
the Commissioner prior to the first day of July,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, [and] for
the payment of the same, forty thousand dol-
lars, or so much thereof as may be necessary,
is hereby appropriated outof any money in the
Tieasury not otheiwise appropriated.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That if
any Commissioner or other officerof the Depart-
ment of Agriculture shall hereafter, in the name
of the United States, or in the name of said
Department, contract for any goods or services
for the use thereof beyond the amount of money
appropriated and remaining in his or their
hands unexpended at the time of such contract,
the officer so offending shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanorin office, and upon conviction
thereof shall be punished by fine not exceeding
five thousand dollars, or by imprisonment not
exceeding two years, or both, at the discretion
of the court.
Approved, July 13, 1808.
Chap. CXLIV.—An Act for the Relief of cer-
tain Government Contractors.
Re it enacted by the Senate and House of Repj
resentatives, of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
-Treasury"be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to Secor ancj Company, and
Perine, Secor, and Company, the sum of one
hundred, and fifteen thousand five hundred and
thirty-nine dollars ah*d one cent; to Harrison
Loring, thirty-eight thousand five hundred ami
thirteen dollars ; to the Atlantic Iron Works,
of Boston, Massachusetts, four thousand- eight
hundred and fifty-two dollars and fifty-eight
cents; to Aquilla Adams, the sum of four thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty-two dollars and
fifty-eight cents j to M. F. Merritt, the sum of
four thousand eight hundred and fifty-two dol-
lars and fifty-eight cents ; to Tomlinson, Har-
teepee, and Company, fifteen thousand one
hundred and seventy-oue dollars ; to Harlan
and Hollingsworth, the sum of thirty-eight
thousand five hundred and thirteen dollars, and
to Pool and Hunt, the sum of three thousand
six hundred and ninety-four dollars and eighty-
one cents, being the amount found to be due
to each of the parties herein respectively named
by the Secretary of the Navy under an act of
Congress entitled " An aet for the relief of
certain contractors for the construction of ves-
sels of war and steam machinery," approved
March two. eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,
which shall be in full discharge of all claims
against the United States on account of the
vessels upon which the board made the allow-
ance, as per their report, under the act of
March two, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven.
Approved, July 13, 1868.
Chap. CXLV.—An Aet for the Relief of James
Hooper.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized and directed to
pay to James Hooper, out of any money not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of sixteen
thousand dollars, being the value of his vessel,
the bark General Berry, which was captured
and destroyed at sea, on the ninth day of July,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, while in the
military service of the United States, by the
rebel steamer Florida.
Approved, July 13, 1868.
Chap. CXLVI.—An Act for the Relief of the
widow and children of John W. Jameson,
deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of ihe United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized and directed to
allowand pay Eveline Jameson, widowof John
W. Jameson,-late a first lieutenant in Captain
MacCluncy's company of Missouri home guards,
a pension at the rate of seventeen dollars per
month, as the widow, and two dollars per month
each to Flora A., Michael F., Eva F., and John
E., children under sixteen years of age of said
John W. Jameson, to commence September
seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, the
date of his death, until the twenty-eighth day
of May, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, on
which date her present pension commenced.
Approved, July 13, 18(58.
Chap. CXLYII.—An Act increasing the Pen-
sion of Nancy Weeks, widow of Francis
Weeks, an Ensign in the Revolutionary War.
Be it enacted, by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to increase the pension of Mrs. Nancy
Weeks, widow of Francis Weeks, late of the
State of Georgia, and an ensign in the revolu-
tionary war, to ten dollars per month, from
and after the passage of this act, and to con-
tinue during her widowhood.
■ Approved, July 13, 1808.
Chap. CXLVIIL—An Act authorizing the
Commissioner of the General Land Office
to issue a Patent to F. N. Blake for one hun-
dred and sixty acres of Land in Kansas.
Whereas military bounty land-warrant num-
ber eighty-two thousand five hundred and sev-
enty-eight, for one hundred an_d sixty acres,
was issued under the act of March third, eight-
een hundred and fifty-five, in the name of
Betsey Foster, and by ber sold and assigned
to F. N. Blaise, and thereafter lost by said
Blake; and whereassaid Blake proved the loss
and ownership of said warrant, to the satisfac-
tion of the Commissioner of Pensions, and
obtained the issue of a duplicate warrant, and
has located the same on the northeast quarter
of section twenty-fiye, in township six south,
of range one east, in the State of Kansas :
Therefore,
Be it enadedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner
of the General Land Office shall cause a patent
for said land to be issued to F. N. Blake, as if
the said duplicate land-warrant had been as-
signed to him by the warrantee.
Approved, July 13, 1868.
Chap. CXLIX.—An Aet for the Relief of
Charles B. Tanner, late First Lieutenant
Sixty-Ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there is hereby ap-
propriated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of one
hundred and forty-four dollars and ninety-two
cents, to be paid to Charles B. Tanner, late
first lieutenant and aid in the first brigade,
second division, second Army corps, to cover
a period of service from November eight to
December fifteenth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, inclusive, at which time he actually
performed duty and was regularly com missioned
in the sixty-ninth regiment Pennsylvania vol-
unteers, but was not mustered in.
Approved, July 13, 1808.
Ciiap. CL.—An Act for the Relief of Timothy
Lyden, of Parkersburg, West Virginia.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to Timothy Lyden, of Parkers-
burg, West Virginia, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of three hundred and two dollars in compen-
sation of services rendered in the quartermas-
ter's department, and for a period of captivity
in rebel prisons.
Approved, July 13, 1868.
Chap. CLI.—An Act for the Relief of Ben-
jamin B. French, late Commissioner of
Public Buildings.
Beit enacted by the Senate avd House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to Benjamin B. French, late
Commissioner of Public Buildings, for services
performed from the second to the fourteenth
day of March, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, inclusive, for which he has not been
heretofore paid, the sum of eighty-five dollars.
Approved, July 13,1868.
Chap. CLII.—-An Act granting a Pension to
Louisa Fitch, widow of E. P. Fitch, de-
ceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized and directed to
place the name of Louisa Fitch, widow of E.
P. Fitch, late a captain and assistant quarter-
master United States volunteers, on the pen-
sion-roll, and to pay her at the rate of twenty
dollars per month, to commencefrom thethirty-
first day of May, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, and to continue during her widowhood.
Approved, July 13, 1808.
