702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
Mr. CONKLING. I shall make no objec-
tion to this course unless the Senator from
Indiana proposes that this speech shall pro-
ceed to its conclusion, and that then the ordi-
nary business of the Senate shall be resumed.
If that be his motion, the effect of it is to pre-
vent any reply to this speech ; and for one l_do
object to that. Whether the Senator from Wis-
consin has violated the rules of the Senate
or not he has presented here a proposition
instructing a committee with regard to a cer-
tain bill, and, in the language of his proposi-
tion, all other bills relating to that subject, to
do certain things which he specifies; and he
hangs upon that a prepared speech, offensive,
I think I may say, to the sense of a great
majority of this Senate. I have no objection
to the Senator from Wisconsin taking this occa-
sion or any other to publish any essay which
he has prepared declaratory of his views and
calculated to asperse a great body of the peo-
ple of this country ; but I do object to the pro-
ceedings of the Senate being warped and bent
for the purpose of having this argument ex-
ploded, if I may so say, without an opportu-
nity being reserved to any other member of this
body who may see fit to reply to it. Whether
I shall feel any disposition, for one, to reply
to it or not I do not know. At any rate, I do
not speak in my own behalf at this moment;
but if it is the pleasure of the Senate to sur-
render this day to such a discussion, so be it.
I do object, however, to the Senator from Wis-
consin, or any other particular member of
this body, being permitted, without let or hin-
derance, to absorb the morning hour, and then
shutting the door against anybody else.
Mr. CONNESS. I rose 
Mr. WILSON. What is the motion ?
Mr. CONXESS. The motion is the motion
or suggestion of the Senator from Indiana, as
I understand it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest that that can
only be done by unanimous consent; and the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Slmxer] has
already refused his assent to it.
Mr. CONNESS. I knew that; but I was
going to make a suggestion by way of agree-
ment which I think this side of the Senate will
accept and agree to, and to which I hope the
Senator from Indiana and his friends will con-
sent, and that is that this bill shall be consid-
ered now, giving every Senator an opportunity to
discuss it until the Senate shall have finally acted
upon it. As to its reference to the Judiciary
Committee, I apprehend there is not a propo-
sition involved in it that has not been consid-
ered again and again, in and out of the commit-
tees of this body. If the Senator from Indiana
and his friends are ready to go on with its con-
sideration I will vote with him to set all other
business aside and go on with its consideration
until it shall have been acted upon finally.
. Mr. WILSON. If the Senator from Mary-
land, who has charge of the resolution con-
cerning the admission of the Senator-elect from
his State, will yield the floor for the purpose,
I think we had better make this arrangement
and go on with this debate; but if it is intended
to bring up Mr. Thomas's case after the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin closes, I, for one, object
to it. I think the movement made here to-day
to prevent reconstruction ought to be met now,
and the country ought to understand it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rose to say, but with
all possible kindness to the honorable mem-
ber from Wisconsin, that, though I am willing
at all times to extend to him or any other
member of the Senate every courtesy in my
power, I cannot, under the circumstances,
yield any right that I may have to call up the
case of my colleague. His credentials were
presented as far back as March last, referred to
the committee, I think, on the 20th of March,
and I have been from that time and still re-
main without a colleague. Our Legislature is
in session and exceedingly anxious to have the
question of his right to be admitted to this floor
decided at the earliest possible period. The
honorable member from Wisconsin can, if the
Scnato will permit him, after the case of my
colleague is disposed of, continue his speech.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Iwilldoso with pleasure.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If that, is agreeable to
the Senator from Wisconsin I withdraw my
motion. 1 have not desired to interfere with
the business of the Senate, and I do not wish
the Senate to be seriously interrupted in the
consideration of the question that properly
comes up at this hour; and if it is agreeable
to the Senator from Wisconsin I will withdraw
the motion, and let him conclude his remarks
after the case of Mr. Thomas is disposed of.
The PRESIDENT/ -o tempore. Tlje motion
is withdrawn.
Mr. STEWART. I renew the motion in a
different form, that this discussion continue
for the day. This is a very important subject,
and after the Senator from Wisconsin has
proceeded with his remarks to the extent that
he has, I think he had better conclude, and let
us occupy the day on the subject. If the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin had been one of those
opposed to the admission of Mr. Thomas, it
would be a different thing; but inasmuch as
this subject is brought up here and the speech
is nearly through, I should like to have it
entire and such reply as Senators may feel dis-
posed to make to it. I should like to test the
sense of the Senate on the motion. It seems
to me we had better go on with this debate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understood the honora-
ble member from Wisconsin as declining to
address the Senate further at this time if it was
the wish of the Senator from Maryland that the
case of his colleague should be taken up.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I prefer that that case
should be taken up rather than interrupt the
order of proceedings, and I will endeavor to
get the floor and finish my remarks after that
is out of the way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I under-
stand there is still a motion pending to pass by
the order of the day for the purpose of per-
mitting the Senator from Wisconsin to finish
his. speech. Do I understand that motion to
be reuewed ?
Mr. STEWART. For the purpose of contin-
uing the discussion on this resolution to-day.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to the Senator
from Nevada that the proper motion to make
would be to proceed with the consideration of
the reconstruction bill to the exclusion of the
pending order; in other words, to postpone
the pending order in order to proceed with
that measure.
Mr. STEWART. I accept that suggestion.
Mr. CONNESS. I cannot, though I wish
to vote with my friends, vote for this motion
if made against the question of privilege, after
the remarks of the honorable gentleman from
Maryland who has charge of that subject; but
I suggest that the motion of the Senator from
Wisconsin, of reference and instructions, be
temporarily withdrawn, that the bill may be
read a first and second time.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It has been read a sec-
ond time to-day.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I have nothing fur-
ther to say, but shall sustain the Senator from
Maryland.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not very familiar
with the rules of the Senate. The admission
of my colleague I understand to be a question
of privilege. If it be a question of privilege,
and the honorable member fromWisconsin were
disposed to continue his speech to a conclu-
sion, I should then at once ask that the ques-
tion be taken up; but as the honorable mem-
ber has stated that it is not his desire to con-
tinue the debate any further, I hope Senators
will do my State the justice of having her right
to be represented by two Senators on this floor
decided at once.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By the
rules of the Senate the unfinished business at
the expiration of the morning hour is before
the Senate without any order of the Senate on
that subject. Then came a motion to postpone
that for the purpose of hearing a speech; and
that motion, I understand, although withdrawn
by the original mover, is renewed by the Sen-
ator from Nevada.
Mr. STEWART. My motion is to proceed
with the consideration of the resolution offered
by the Senator from Wisconsin.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
same motion in effect as the other.
Mr. STEWART. And upon that motion I
ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. POMEROY. There was no resolution
offered by the Senator from Wisconsin. I
should have objected to it if he had put his
proposition in that form.
Mr. STEWART. It is a resolution of in-
struction.
Mr. POMEROY. It is not a resolution, for
if it was in that form I should have objected
to it, and it could only have been proceeded
with by unanimous consent ; but the motion
of the Senator from Wisconsin was to refer
the bill with instructions. That was an order
and could not be objected to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Senator from
Nevada to amend his motion so as to move '
simply that the pending business be postponed
until to-morrow, and that will give an opportu-
nity for the continuation of this debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Nevada to postpone the consideration of the
unfinished business until the speech of the
Senator from Wisconsin be finished. That is
substantially the motion. The subject is under
the control of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not understand the
motion to have been made precisely as the
Chair states it, which seems to limit its opera-
tion to the conclusion of the speech of the
Senator from Wisconsin.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I under-
stand the Senator from Nevada to limit it in
some way. I do not know that I understand
him aright. I wish the Senator from Nevada
would state his motion more particularly.
Mr. STEWART. My motion is to postpone
the pending and all prior orders for the pur-
pose of continuing the discussion of the mo-
tion made by the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. JOHNSON. That may take a week.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ne-
vada as he has now stated it.
Mr. WILLIAMS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I certainly hope that every
Senator on our side of the House will extend
the courtesy which is due on so important an
occasion as this to the Senator from Wisconsin.
I certainly hope they will not imitate the bad
example of any other time and party and
undertake to stifle or to interrupt the flow of
truth and patriotism that seems to have been
welling out this morning from that Senator. I
want to remind the Senate and my friend from
Maryland, who wishes to interpose this elec-
tion question, that the -questions are exactly
the same. The Senator from Wisconsin is
speaking the sentiment of the absent Senator
from Maryland. He is defending the same
cause that that Senator defended as far as he
dared during the war ; therefore it is no great
injustice to the consideration of the case of
Mr. Thomas to proceed with it in a little dif-
ferent form. I hope we shall all go on with it.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand the motion
now to be to postpone the present order and
proceed with the consideration of the recon-
struction bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To con-
tinue its consideration.
Mr. POMEROY. My point is that we can-
not proceed with the consideration of this bill,
it having been read twice to-day. We cannot
act upon it and proceed to its third reading in
its present shape.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on referring the bill to the Judiciary
Committee with instructions, and it is proposed
to hear arguments on the instructions.
