1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
587
Laws of the United States.
40th Gong....2d Sess.
per montli, from the thirteenth day of July,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, the date of
the death of her said husband, until the seventh
day of October, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, on which date her present pension com-
menced.
Approved, July 13, 1868.
Chap. CLXVIII.—An Act for the Relief of
Julia M. Molin.
Beit en acted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized and directed to
allow and to pay to Julia M. Molin, of Stock-
holm, Sweden, widow of Charles G. Molin,
late a private in the second regiment of Min-
nesota volunteers, at the rate of eight dollars
per month, from tbe eighteenth day of May,
in the year eighteen hundrtd and sixty-two, the
date of the death of her said husband, until the
nineteenth day of December, in the year eight-
een hundred and sixty-seven, the date of the
commencement of the pension heretofore
allowed her.
Approved, July 13, 1868.
Chap. CLXIX.—An Act for the Relief of
Henry Reens.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized and directed to
allow and pay fo Henry Reens, late a private in
company 1, thirtieth regiment Massachusetts
volunteers, nowon the pension-rolls, his pension
from the third day of Jnne, eighteen hundred
and sixty-five, the date of his discharge from
the service, until the sixteenth day of March,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, on which
day his present pension commenced.*
Approved, July 13, 1868.
Cuap. CLXX.—An Act granting a Pension to
Henrietta Nobles.
Beit enacted by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United Statei of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Henrietta No-
bles, widow of Captain Daniel G. Nobles, of
the fourth regiment of Tennessee infantry,
upon the pension-rolls, and to pay her a pen-
sion at the rate of twenty dollars per month,
to commence on the second day of November,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and continue
during her widowhood.
Approved, July 13, 1868.
Chap. CLXXI.—An Act granting a Pension
to Ann Kelly, widow of Bernard Kelly.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized and directed to
place the name of Ann Kelly, widow of Ber-
nard Kelly, late a private in company I, thir-
teenth New York heavy artillery volunteers,
on the pension-roll, at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month, to commence on the thirteenth
day of May, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
and to continue during her widowhood.
Approved, July 13, 1868.
Chap. CLXXII.—An Act granting an increase
of Pension to Catharine Eckhardt.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary oi the
Interior is hereby authorized and direetea to
pay fo Catharine Eckhardt, widow of Henry
L. Eckhardt, late a private in company C, fifth
regiment Missouri volunteers, in addition to
the pension heretofore granted her, the far-
ther sum of two dollars per month, for and on
account of the care, custody} and maintenance
by her of Anna M. Eckhardt, a child under
sixteen years of age of the said Henry L. Eck-
hardt by a former wife, from the third day Of
February, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
while she has such care, custody, and main-
tenance, until the said child -shall attain the
age of sixteen years.
Approved, J uly 13, 1868.
Chap. CLXXIII.—An Act for the Relief of
Sylvester Nugent.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized and directed to
place on the pension-rolls the name of Syl-
vester Nugent, late a private in company F,
eleventh regiment Massachusetts volunteers,
and to allow and pay him a pension at the rate
of eight dollars per month, from the nineteenth
day of October, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, the date of his discharge, until the four-
teenth day of July, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, on which date his present pension
commenced.
Approved, July 13, 1868.
Chap. CLXXIV.—An Act granting a Pension
to John W. Harris.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized and directed to
place upon the pension-rolls the name of John
W. Harris, late a pilot in the service of the
United States, and to allow and pay to him,
from the naval pension fund, a pension at the
rate of twenty-five dollars per month, the same
to commence on the fifteeuth day of April,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three.
Approved, July 13, 1868.
Chap. CLXXXVil.—An Act for tbe Removal
of certain Disabilities from the Persons
therein named.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, (two thirds of each House
concurring therein,) That all legal and polit-
ical disabilities imposed by the United States
upon the following-named citizens of the sev-
eral States hereinafter mentioned, in conse-
quence of participation in the recent rebellion,
be, and the same are hereby, removed, namely:
Jacob Kibler, Henry Summer, John P. Kin-
ard, E. P. Lake, and W. W. Houseal, of New-
berry county; H. P. Hammond, Greenville;
Elihu Moore, Lancaster; S. B. Clowney, Fair-
field; Lewis Dial, Laurens; H. H. Kinnard,
Newberry; J. C. Miller, Charleston; A. P.
Kinnard, Newberry; H. Beatie, Greenville;
S. W. Maurice, Williamsburg; D. L. Thomas,
Beaufort; F. C. Gowen, H. C. Markley,
Thomas Cox, of Greenville; William B. John-
son, Richland; Metts Williams and G. W.
Williams, of York; John Twitly, Lancaster;
Matthew McDonald, Abbeville ; A. G. Baskin
and E. B. Miller, of Richland ; C. R. Rutland,
J. Botton Smith, and Daniel Burton, of
York; Walter W. Herbert and Thomas Jordan
of Fairfield; Thomas E. Dudley, Bennetts-
ville; Alexander MeBee, Greenville; J. B.
Tolleson and B. F. Bates, of Spartanburg;
William M. Thomas, Greenville; James A.
Black, Abbeville; Willis Allen, Spartansburg;
John S. Green, Sumter; Elijah U. Horner,
Edgefield; II. W. Lawson, Abbeville; Doctor
RobertLebby, Charleston; C. W. Dudley,Ben-
nettsville; D. B. Miller o.nd John L. I^eagle,
of Columbia; James Johnson, Hugh Craig,
James Martin, T. J. Bell, W. C. Beaty, S. D.
Goodlett, Peter McCole, Stewart Harrison,
James L. Orr, and W. F. Durisol; all of South
Carolina. .
Jacob Keichler. San Antonio' Jacob Eliot,
Navarro county; Jacob Schuiki:< county -
Richard W. Davis, Goliad; John Blair, Hous-
ton county; Thomas P. Ochiltree, Asa E.
Stratton, junior, and D. E. E. Bramian, of
Matagorda; Amos Clark and John Forbes,
of Nacogdoches; Sydney L. Fontaine, R: L.
Fulton, and James B. Simpson, of Galveston ;
J. D. Gay, Montgomery; J. Hilliard Jones,
Mark Miller, and Armistead T. Munroe, of
Houston ; Robert B. Kingsbury, Brownsville ;
William M. Rust, Guadalupe; Horace Taylor.
Mecas; Seymour White, Jasper; and James
W. Barnes, of Grimes county; all of Texas.
R. W. Bell, Banks county; Walter Brock,
State senator-elect; William T. Martin, Banks
county ; Charles E. Broyles, of Dalton ; Wil-
liam Anderson, William Carter, William Cleary,
Benjamin Loughbridge, D. Johnson, A. S.
Vining, R. P. Wood, Wesley Ashe, and Hugh
Shannon, of Murray county ; M.J. Collins,.0.
D. Gibbs, James Glenn, A. J. Green, Joshua
Harland, Dawson A. Walker, and Joseph
Guthrie, of Whitfield county; W. F. Holden,
Chamfordville; James Hill, Gordon; John
Calvin Johnson, Clark; A. T. Mclntyre,
Thomas; Elijah G. Raiford, Chattahoochie;
J. G. Moon, Valdosta; Daniel S. Printup,
Floyd; Samuel Bard and James M. Calhoun,
of Atlanta; B. H. Warren, Richmond; J.
Sanders, C. C. ICelley, R. A. Waters, Miles
Kitching, J. M. Buckst, S. K. Long, and E.
A. Marsh, of Twiggs county; George Paine
and Richard Nelson, of Wilkinson couuty; W.
F. Jordan, Henry I. Glover, and Reuben Jor-
dan, of Jasper county ; Joshua Hill, Madison ;
J. B. Benson, Hart; J. 0. Harris, Fu'ton:
George W. Flournoy, Cobb; P.* B. Bedford,
Aren ; N. M. Sessions, Pierce; Madison Bell,
Banks; Benjamin Dunmegan, Hall; George
P. Burnett, Floyd; .T. A. Wimpley, Lumpkin;
J. Milledge, Richmond; J. Harris and J. F.
Hardin, oT Newtown; John Burch and W. W.
Foster, of Towns; S. A. Corker, Burke; Wil-
liam Woods, Morgan; Daniel A..Green and
Joseph Armstrong, of Vienna; William A.
Adains, Greenville; N. Corbit, W. B. Jones,
John Harris, Sawuel Lindsey, James Buchan,
James Cunningham, Haywood. Hughes, F.
M. Smith, A. J. Bennett, S. T. W. Mnier,
Horace Sibley, W. H. Whitehead, J. Devers,
Henry P. Farrow, David G. Cotting, Garnett
Andrews, M. R. Bell, Otheo P. Beall, and J.
B. Jones, of Macon county ; Henry K. McCay,
Sumter county; James L. Seward, Thomas
county; J. G. W. Mills, of Fulton county; I.
B. Nesbitfc, of Gordon county ; D. E. Hunter,
of Wilcox county; William Clifton, of Tat-
nall county; W. G. B. Rogers, of Union
county ; I. G. Black, of White county ; A. W.
Johnson, ofForsythe county ; G. W. Johnson,
of Hall county; W. G. Spencer, of Lumpkin
county ; Burrell Jine, of Habersham county ;
J. Mathews, I. Nunnejly, I. R. Bracewell,
and G. W. Hausard, of Gwinett county; Berry
Henderson, of Pierce county; James M. Tray-
wick, of Pulaski county; W. A. Mathews, of
Houston county; Wright Brady, Andrew J.
Ronaldson, Benton Byrd, and John V. Price,
of Sumter county; James L. Wimberly, of
Stewart county; Jesse A. Glenn and M. P.
Quillian, of Whitfield county; George W. Fish,
of Macon couuty ; Isham Fannin and Thomas
B. Saftold, of Morgan county ; Hiram Warner,
of Meriiwether county ; C. B. Cole, of Bibb
county ; William T. Wofford, of Barton county ;
Benjamin Williams, of Appling county ; Ho-
race Seibles, of Quitman county; W. S. Wall,
of Taylor county ; William Whalcy, of Wayne
county; Fortune Lonett, of Worth county;
Lewis H. Roberts, of Echols county; J. 0.
H utchins, of Jones county ; Charles Daniels,
of Coffee county ; Thomas Barbour, of Cha-
tooga county ; L)ix Fletcher and J. S. Wood,
of Cobb county ; Thomas I. Perry, Newton I.
Perkins, and Warren R. D. Moss; Ephraim
Thorn, of Newton county; W. B. Gillespie,
of Banks county ; Joel D. Gunnels, of Banks
county ; George M. Nolan, of Henry county ;
William L. Clay-, of Sumter county ; Joseph
