588
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL CfLOBE.
40tii Cong...,2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Adkinsj E. J. Higby, A. Corbitt, J. M. Cole
man, and John .Dickey ; all of Georgia.
Zenoa Lablauve arid John E. Frudeau, of
parish of Jefferson-; Theodore Brouet and
Bufus King Hctwel, of New Orleans ; Wade H.
Hough, W. W. Handlin, and B. North Cullurn,
of Marksville ; Benjamin Bloomfield and-John
A. Letteri, of New Orleans; A. Sidney Robert-
sou ; all of Louisiana.
George W. Marshal], Lafayette, Tennessee.
Robert H. Gamble, James T. Magbee, and
Edwin M. West, of Tallahassee; Thomas T.
Long, of Lake city; Josiah E. Lee, of Sumter-
ville; A. C. Blount, P. C. Humphreys, and
James Abercombie, ofPensacola; William J.
Keizer, of Milton; Benjamin Neal, of Mari-
anna; J. Clark Greeley, of Jacksonville;
Francis J. Wheaton, Perry G. Wall, and D.
P. Holland, of Apalachicola; all of Florida.
William M. Moore, of Yancey ; Leonidas C.
Edwards, of Oxford, Granby county; John
F. Alexander, of Cleaveland county ; William
E. Vaughan, of Pasquotank county; Luke
Blackmo.or, of Salisbury; H. Davidson, of'
Charlotte; Neal McKay, of Harnett; Lafay-
ette Green, of Stanley county; John D. Car-
rie, W. R. Terry, and Andrew J. Brown, of
Richmond county; A. R. McDonald, of Car-
thage, Moore county ; William B. Richardson,
of Moore county; William T. Buxton and
Henry Gatling, of Northampton county ; Wil-
liam S. Mason, of Wake county; S. M. Bell,
James MeGee, L. S. Ledford, W. H. Hogs-
head, John Roberts, Abraham Israel, W. M.
Davis, W. C. Ledford, Riley McConnell, James
Shearrer, T. C. West, and Marion Passmore,
of Clay county; James Bryson, of Cowee,
Macon county; M. M. Brown, of Jackson
county; B. K. Ward, of Henderson county;
J. R. Neill and A. J. Roberts, of Yancey
county; William A. Walton, Obadiah Wood"-
son, John I. Shaver, Dolphin A. Davis, and
Benjamin F. Fraley, of Rowan county ; Charles
L. Summers, William F. Wasson,- ThomwsrA-.
Allison, Alexander P. Siiarpe, John Young,
-George F. Davidson, Thomas A. Nicholdson,
and John M. Turner, of Iredell county; Henry
R. Austin, Ephraim Gaither, Henry B. How-
ard, Charles Anderson, James M. Brock, Pa-
luck H. Cain, and James M. Johnson, of Davie
county; James W. Osborn, William W. Grier,
R. M. White, F. M. Ross, T. B. Brice, Thomas
L. Vail, R. L. DeArmond, and S. W. Reed,
of Mecklenburg county ; all of North Carolina.
Edward Crossland, of Graves county, Ken-
tucky.
James L. Alcorn, Benjamin D. Nabers, J.
L. Wofford, and Austin Ballard, of Tisho-
ningo; John S. Morris, Claiborne; Charles
C. Shackleford, of Madison; Edward A. Pay-
ton and Samuel Donnelly, of Hinds; G. A.
Webster, ofSimpson; G. C. Sullivan, of Oktib-
beha; George Stovali, of Carroll; William H.
Noble, Wilkinson; George R. Alcorn, Coa-
homa; Orville M. Blanton, L. B. Valiant,
and Frank Valiant, of Washington; T. W.
Adams and John McRae, of Kemper; James
D. Stewart, Jackson; E. J. Vasser, W. A.
Sykes, N. G. Elkin, J. N. Walton, and G. W.
Rennington, of Monroe county ; J. W. Vance,
De Soto county; W. M. Haley, Copiah; Rob-
ert W. Fiournoy, of Pontotoc county ; W. H.
Bearden; all of Mississippi.
R. P. Bryant, W. W. Douglas, A. C. Dunn,
J. L. C. Danner, Samuel Reith, E. H. Smith,
junior, Doctor E. H. Smith, and Samuel M.
Page, of Richmond; J. M. Brickhouse, of
Bellehaven ; P. A. Balling and B. J. Epes, of
Dinwiddie; W. L. Edward, of Fairfax; R. S.
Hines, of Richmond; George C. Orgain, of
Lunenburg; and R. L. Owen of Lynchburg;
Henry Owen, of Prince Edward ; Harvey Risk,
of Stanton, and D. B. Smith, of Hanover;
Henry Shackleford, of Culpepper county; Sam-
uel S. Weisiger, of Amelia; James C. White,
of Portsmouth; I. F. Fielder, of Danville;
Thomas Y. Mosby, Bedford ; J. W. Wright,
Lynchburg: J. N. Murdoch, Weilsville : j
Charles H. Lewis, Rockingham ; and Peter
Saunders, senior, of Franklin; William Whist-
ler, of Shenandoah ; Edgar Spady. of North'
ampton; James M. Catlett, of Fauquier; John
W. Johnson, James R. Gibson, Alexander R.
Preston, of Washington; J. Parker Jordan
and Thomas L. Nelson, of Norfolk; Liadsey
M. Shumaker, of Danville; Thomas S. Her-
ring, of Powhattan ; and William C. Burton, of
Lynchburg ; all of Virginia.
J. A. Corbett, Sevier county ; M. W. Locke,
Sevier county ; and D. H. C. Moore, of Napo-
leon ; John P. Farrell, of Arkansas county;
James T. Elliott, Onachite county ; George
W. MeCown, of Columbia county; John R.
Duvall and Eli K. Haynes, of Drew county ;
all of Arkansas.
T. J. Woolf, of Marengo county; George
W. Malone, of De Kalb county; J. D. Sibley,
of Huntersville ; and L. P. Saxon, of Mont'
gomery county; Sydall P. Saxon, all of Ala-
bama ; arid R. K. Howell, of New Orleans.
Approved, July 20, 1868.
Chap. CLXXXVIII.—An Act granting a Pen-
sion to the widow and child of John P. Fetty.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion lawa, the names of Fannie Fetty, the
widow, and Ethel May Fetty, child under six-
teen years of age of John P. Fetty, late a pri-
vate in. company I, fourteenth regiment West
Virginia infantry volunteers, and to pay her
a pension, commencing October thirty-first,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
Approved, July 20, 1868.
Chap. CLXXXIX.—An Act granting a Pen-
sion to the widow and children of Henry
Brown.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to plaee on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the names<ef Rehma Brown, the widow,
and Nancy J., AlveyF., Sarah. C.,'and Henry,
children under sixteen years of age of Henry
Brown, late a private in company K, tenth
regiment Tennessee cavalry volunteers, and
to_ pay her a pension, commencing January
thirty-first, eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
Approved, July 20, 1868.
Chap. CXC.—An Act for the Relief of Joseph
M'Ghee Cameron and Mary Jane Cameron,
children of Lafayette Cameron, deceased.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the names of Joseph M'Ghee
Cameron and Mary Jane Cameron, residents
of the District of Columbia, children under
sixteen years of age of Lafayette Cameron,
deceased, on the pension-rolls, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
and to pay them a pension at the rate of eight
dollars per month, from the seventh day of
December, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
and to each the additional sum of two dollars
per month from the twenty-fifth day of July,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, until they sev-
erally attain the age of sixteen years.
Approved, July 20, 1868.
Chap. CXCI.—An Act granting a Pension to
John A. Weed and Elizabeth J. Weed, minor
children of Robert T. Weed, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and IIou.se of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress asscnMcd. That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby-authorized and directed- to
place upon the pen.sion-roll the names of John
A. Weed and Elisabeth J. Weed, only surviv-
ing children of Robert T. Weed, late a private
in the sec,ond Indiana- battery volunteers, who
died in the service of the United States wid in
the line of duty, and to pay.to them, <tr, their
legally appointed guardian or guardians, a pen-
sion of eight dollars per month, frotu the tenth
day of November, eighteen hundred and sixty-
foul;,-the date of the death of their father, until
they respectively attain the age of sixteen years,
subject to the provision? 'and limitations of the
pension laws.
Approved, July 20, 1868.
Chap. CXCII.—An Act for the Relief of
George T. Brien.
' Be it enacted by. the Senate and House of Rep-
reseniatioes of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized and directed to
allow and pay to George T. Brien,, out of the
naval pension fund, a pension at the rate of
eight dollars per month, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of.the pension laws, in
lieu of the pension of five dollars per month
heretofore allowed him.
Approved, July 20, 1868.
Chap. CXCIII.—An Act granting an increase
of Pension to Obadiah T. Plum.
Be it enacted by the Senpte and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled., That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized and directed to
increase the pension of Obadiah T. Plum, late
a private in company F, twenty-second regi-
ment Iowa infantry volunteers, from eight dol-
lars to twenty-five dollars per month, from and
after the.passage of this act, and to continue
during his natural life.
Approved, July 20, 1868.
Chap. CXCIV;—An Act granting a Pension to
Maria Schweitzer and the minor children of
Conrad Schweitzer, deceased.
, Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized'and directed to
place upon the pension-rolls the names of
Maria Schweitzer, the widow, and Carl B. and
Maria Schweitzer, children under sixteen years
of age of Conrad Schweitzer, late a private in
company C, sixty-first regiment New York
volunteers, and allow and pay her a pension,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, commencing February second,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five.
Approved, July 20, 1868.
Chap. CXCV.—An Act for the Relief of Sam-
uel N. Miller.
Be it enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatices of the United .States of America in
Congress assembled, That Samuel N. Miller,
who obtained a patent for an improved com-
pound anchor, dated the twenty-ninth day of
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-two, for four-
teen years, which expired on the twenty-ninth
day of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
be authorized to apply to the Commissioner of
Patents for the extension of said patent for
seven years, under the regulations now in force
in relation to the extension of patents ; and the
Commissioner of Patents is hereby directed to
investigate and decide the application for ex-
tension on the same evidence and in the same
manner as other applications for extension are
decided: Provided, That the applications for
extension be made within sixty days after the
approval of this act, and the decision of the
Commissioner be rendered within ninety days
from the filing of said application in the Patent
Office: Andprovided also, Thatnothing herein
shall be so .construed as to hold responsible
