706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
tainder. no tx post faclo\s,ws should be passed;
no man not in the military or naval service
should l)i> subject to military trials under the
arbitrary power of the bayonet: and that even
for treason itself there should be no corruption
of blood or forfeiture beyond the life of the
guilty party; and, furthermore, that no man
should be convicted except upon presentment
l>v a strand jury and after a fair trial, confront-
ing his accusers, by the verdict of a jury ot his
peers.
In the Declaration of Independence, also,
even in the midst of war, reason remained
supreme over passion. They were equal to
the grand occasion. In one of its sublimest
sentences they declared they would hold the
people of England, their fellow-countrymen,
with whom they were then engaged in civil
war. as they did the rest of mankind, " enemies
in war, in peace, friends.-' If we cannot equal
them, may we not endeavor to follow their ex-
ample?
What do the great examples of history teach
ns in dealing with rebellions if not that, after
force has been subdued by force, magnanimity
is more powerful than revenge; that love con-
quers what hate never can—the hearts and
affections of a people?
When Latium, one of the Roman provinces,
revolted, and the revolt was put down by arms,
the question arose in the Homan Senate, what
shall be done with Latium and the people of
Latium ? There were some then who cried,
" disfranchise them:'' others said, " confiscate
their property." There were none who said,
"subject them in vassalage to their slaves."
But old Camillus, in that speech which re-
vealed his greatness and made his name immor-
tal, said : " Senators, make them your fellow-
citizens, and thus add to the power and glory
of Rome." In this high place, in this Senate
of the great Republic of the world, outgrowth
of the civilization of all the ages, cannot we,
Senators, rise to the height of that great argu-
ment?
To descend to humbler examples, may we not
even take lessons from some of our Indian tribes?
It is well known that the civilized tribes of
the Indian territory took sides in our 'terrible
conflict. Civil war in its direst and most
savage form raged through all their country.
Their dwellings were sacked and burned ; their
hands were red in each other's blood. Yet
they have made peace. They have reorganized
their governments. They now live side by
side in perfect tranquillity. Prosperity is once
more smiling upon their beautiful land. Can-
not Christian statesmen have equal faith in
magnanimity—equal courage to forgive and to
believe that love is the power by which to reach
the hearts of our late enemies ?
But, sir, suppose the statement be true that
the negroes are loyal and the whites disloyal
in heart, have we even then the right to degrade
the whites in vassalage to the negroes? I answer
no. For their criminal acts we would have
the legal right to try and convict and sentence
to imprisonment and to death even. But now,
without trial, by what operates as a substantial
bill of attainder and ex post fmcto at that, to
subject them to negro governments is a crime
against the Constitution, against our own race,
and against civilization itself. It is to impose
upon them against their will a degradation
which every State of the North would  eject,
and one tenfold greater than has ever been
attempted in any northern State. _ It would
make them unfit to be our fellow-citizens, and
place the States Of the South upon a footing
inferior to that of the other States in the
Union.
Sir, we claim to have fought for liberty and
against slavery. The issue of 1860 was the
extension of slavery into the Territories. By
the election of Mr. Lincoln the people of the
United States decided against that. The rad-
icals of the South, another name for the
secessionists, rebelled against that decision
and endeavored to reverse it by arms. That
rebellion raised another and greater issue—the
existence of the Government itself. It also
placed at stake slavery in all the States. By
the reelection of Mr. Lincoln in 1804 the peo-
ple decided in favor of a vigorous prosecution
of the war until every rebel should lay down
his arms, and also in favor of an amendment
to the Constitution to abolish slavery in all the
States and Territories forever.
At present, what do we behold? Now that
the war is over, now that every rebel has laid
down his arms, now that the people of the
South have unanimously agreed to abolish
slavery forever, to obey the Constitution and
discharge every duty as citizens of the United
States, the radicals of the North have morally
begun a new rebellion against the Union and
the Constitution ; for, raising anew the old cry
of the radicals of the South, they now declare
that the States of the South are outside the
Constitution, and that Congress, acting outside
the Constitution, has unlimited power over
them as over conquered territories. In their
blind zeal for the advancement of the negro
they propose to overthrow the Constitution in
order to practically subject the white race to
the domination of the negro.
As men who claim to be the friends of lib-
erty, we have no right to do that.
As Christians who claim to have learned
something of forgiveness from the teachings
of our Saviour, we have no right to do that.
As members of that great Caucasian race
which has given the world its civilization, we
have no right to do that.
As statesmen who desire to restore the bless-
ings of peace, we have no right to do that which
would inevitably make eight millions of our
own race and kindred in our own land eternal
enemies of the Government.
As statesmen who, with ordinary sagacity,
should look to the future and to possible wars
with foreign Powers, we ought to make haste
to restore sentiments of affection and patriot-
ism in all that vast region, larger and richer by
far in natural resources than England, France,
and Prussia all combined.
And I ask, Mr. President, with all the earn-
estness of which the soul is capable, can any
human being conceive of a measure so well
calculated to make the whole white people of
the South, men, women, and chil Iren, hate
and loathe our Government, to hate it with a
perfect hatred, to gather around the family
altar upon their bended knees to curse it, and
in the agony of prayer to call upon God to
curse it, as this radical reconstruction which
seeks to disfranchise the heart and brain of the
South, and to subject at the point of the bay-
onet the white race to the dominion of their
late half-civilized African slaves? Instead of
peace it gives them a sword ; instead of hope
it fills them with despair; instead of civil lib-
erty it gives them military despotism. White
disfranchisement and negro domination was
the idea which inspired and provoked the riot
at New Orleans. It has arrayed everywhere
the blacks and whites in hostility to each other,
often resulting in bloodshed all over the South.
It tends directly to bring on that war of races
which in the West Indies enacted scenes of
horror to sicken and appal the world.
That war is now impending over all the
South—it is only the presence of the Federal
Army which prevents its outbreak upon a gigan-
tic scale—a war which, once begun, will end, I
fear, in the exile or extermination of the blacks
from the Potomac to the Rio Grande. I know
theSenatorfromOhio, [Mr. Wade,] in a speech
in the late canvass, had no fears of such a war
or of its results. He is reported to have said,
" let that war come; let them fight it out." God
grant that war may never come! But, if it does
come, no amount of military discipline can
compel the white men of the North to take part
in the massacre of their own race and kindred.
Mr. President, having considered at some
length the second answer to my question, and
finding that it is not sustained by the facts,
that it is bad in principle and worse in policy,
I repeat the question a third time—why press
this negro supremacy over the whites of the
South? What reason can you give?
The leader of the Radical forces—that inex-
orable Moloch of this new rebellion again?t
the Constitution,
" The strongest and the fiercest spirit
That fought in Heaven, now fiercer by despair,"
answers with boldness, and in plain English
gives the true reason, namely, to secure party
ascendancy. This is the third and last answer
which I propose to consider on this occasion.
On the 3d of January, 1807, Mr. Stevens, in
the House of Representatives, used this lan-
guage, which I find reported in the Globe:
"Anothergood reason is, it would insure tlie as-
cendancy of the Union party. Du you avow tho
party purpose, exclaims some horror-stricken dem-
agogue? I do."
The party purpose is here avowed in the
House. In his speeches and letters elsewhere
Mr. Stevens again and again, in stronger lan-
guage, avows the real purpose of this legislation,
to them I mainly refer. The negroes, under
the tutillage of the Freedmen's Bureau, led by
Radical emissaries, or pushed by Federal bay-
onets, must take the political control of these
States in order to obtain their votes in the Elec-
toral College or in the House of Representa-
tives in the election of the next President.
Here is a reason, and just such a reason as the
bold Radical would give. It is in keeping with
his revolutionary measures, and in keeping with
his own revolutionary history.
The letter of General Pope, when in com-
mand of one of the districts, recently published,
draws aside the vail and discloses the fact that
the same party purpose seeks to control the
bayonet alse.
This-argument, for party ascendancy, all can
understand. It is bold, clear, and logical. It
is the argument of necessity addressing itself
to unscrupulous ambition. One syllogism con-
tains the whole of it: "We must," says the
Radical, " elect the next President. The ne-
groes, under the lead of our bureau or the con-
' trol of our bayonets, will vote for our candi-
date. The whites, outraged by our attempt to
put the negro over them, will vote against him.
Therefore the bayonet must place the negro in
power in these States to give us seventy elec-
toral votes for President, twenty Senators, and
fifty members of the House."
I All honor to the Radical chief, the great
Commoner, who, with all his faults, is too great
a man to resort to subterfuge or shams, or at-
tempt to conceal his real purpose in this legis-
lation.
Some who favor these measures do not ad-
mit his leadership. But the truth is, in some
way or other he does lead or drive the Radical
party in the end into the support of all his revo-
lutionary schemes. Now and then one shrinks
back. More than once I have seen the "galled
jade wince," but never fail at the last to obey
the lash of her master. Would to heaven it
were otherwise I Would to heaven that the
Radical party could pause and modify its sui-
cidal policy! But I fear the majority have be-
come bound to it—bound hand and foot with
chains they cannot break ; that, however much
some may regret it or strive to conceal regret,
political necessities compel you to go on, and
right on to the bitter end. You have staked
your all upon it. You must live or die by it.
The Senatorfrom Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son,] as if by authority, says, " We will take
no step backward." Mr. Colfax,, in his recent
letter, reechoes, " Not a hair's breadth." Such,
I fear, is the fatal resolution taken by the ma-
jority.
The result of the recent elections, showing
that a majority in the northern and -western
States is opposed to that policy, 9o far from
changing a resolution from which the Radical
party dare not retreat, is pushing it on to the
madness of despair. It sees that its majority
in the North and West is already lost. It dare
not exclude the South in the next election.
The South must be forced at the point of the
bayonet, by white disfranchisement and negro
